	Great location good restaurant clean rooms.	We enjoyed our stay at the Martinique as first time visitors to New York from New Zealand - it was central to everything we wanted to do and everyone was very helpful. We ate in the restaurant for the three nights we stayed in New York and the meals were great. Especially enjoyed being able to get a meal at 11.30pm after having been to a show on Broadway. Would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 18 2009 	shopping in nyc	HI I have just returned from a four night stay here with friends. the hotel its self was very nice, the staff were helpful and it was very clean. we had an exxperience of a man trying to get into our room at 11pm, this was very distressing for three girls travelling alone. the staff took ages to answer our distress call which was not reassuring. the man in question was later found on cctv however we did not feel satisfied with the responce of the head of security. he assumed we were cabin crew!! and that room hoping was normal!! i would stay here again with my husband but not with the girls.the bar was very pricey but hey ur in manhattan what do u expect, the breakfast menu is vey limited eggs eggs and more eggs.	
Nov 6 2009 	Much better than we imagine	We read the reviews about this hotel, some good, some bad, but it had an average postion at Trip Advisor, then we decided to go.Staff works well, excellent location, rooms clean and comfortable. There is WIFI (free at 56k) but does not work with iPhone. Sometimes hard to find a place at internet room, close to lobby. But they were expanding the area (at least they bought tables...).Curious case: I forgot my cell phone (an iPhone) at internet room and I remembered 2 hours later. Someone found it and gave it back to front desk. We heard about some cases of stolen things in other review, but I have to say the guests and staff were very honest.Really fine, this place was perfect for us.	
Nov 3 2009 	Disappointed	Our research indicated that your hotel provides a good location and 3 star rated accomodations. However, when we checked in, we noticed that the hotel and our room was not very updated. In addition, the bathroom lacked ventilation (no fan), the shower and tub drained water very slowly, the towel hanger was rusted, and the bathroom door was very old and needed repainting.Because of these problems with the bathroom, we believe that insects were breeding in the drain area. Specifically, my daughter was bitten on the cheek by a large mosquito in the room and my husband had to kill the insect by swatting the mosquito on the ceiling. We were very upset to find a mosquito in our hotel room and my daughter has been suffering with a cheek wound that has not fully healed in over 2 weeks.	
Nov 2 2009 	Very good Hotel	We spent 5 nights. Well located, within easy walking distance of time square. The staff were helpfull and offer to us a very good room at 01 pm. The room was serviced daily. it was extremely clean, confy beds, large room with LCD tv, no minibar, very good shower. Has a tube station in front of the hotel. I'll saty again!!!	
Nov 1 2009 	Upgraded for Free but Absolute Chaos	I shouldn't complain too much as I was upgraded to an executive suite, but this place was absolute chaos. I stayed two nights for a business trip.When I arrived to the hotel there were a ton of people hanging around in the tight lobby and the concierges were having trouble managing all the luggage. I was a little early arriving to the hotel and my room wasn't ready so I had to check my luggage, which took forever. Once I returned to check in, there was some confusion about my room and they upgraded me, which I appreciated. My co-workers unfortunately got stuck in smoking rooms so I felt very fortunate.Even though I was in an executive suite, it wasn't perfect. The bathroom had an awful rattling sound which sounded like a loose water pipe banging against the wall. I had to shut the bathroom door to the bedroom to keep it from bothering me. The internet was terrible and I should have complained about paying $13 for the unreliable service. The TV also had a flaky signal and it made watching Sportscenter in the morning pointless. My co-worker also staying at the hotel complained about the flaky signal he was having with his TV.Checking out of the hotel took forever. The lobby was packed with tons of people again and the concierges were overwhelmed with managing all the bags. Give yourself at least 15-20 minutes to check out.The location for the hotel is fantastic, right below the Empire State Building. Overall though, I feel that for the price paid that there would be more organization and a more enjoyable stay.	
Oct 26 2009 	Radisson NY- Comments	This was recommended to me but very bad experience.Good- room clean &amp; tidyBad- too hot &amp; could not control temperature, restaurant food terrible though was informed hotel did not own restaurant. Had to move rooms at 2am as heating (storage heater) broke down &amp; started smelling. Then moved to another room where heating then had to be 'fixed' while we waited at 2am!!!! No apology until we were leaving &amp; to make it up we were offered lunch in restaurant which we did not accept due to above. Room quiet small considered class of hotel. 	
Oct 19 2009 	Fabulous Service	We arrived at 6:00am on a Saturday morning fully expecting to drop our bags and do some sight seeing until check-in. The desk clerk noted that since the reservation was made with AMEX card she could check us in now. WOW!! Got to the room (18th floor) and it was very nice. Room was clean, orderly and well equipped. All service personnel were very kind, helpful and made our stay a great experience.Thanks Radisson....your people ar tops!	
Oct 16 2009 	Very nice hotel in a good location and fantastic breakfast	We went to New York for Easter, I was looking at lots of hotels as I wanted to stay somewhere nice and to have a good time. I came across this hotel, they had a special offer at the time, so we had a Club level room with breakfast included. We stayed there for 4 nights and paid about £500 for the whole stay. i believe it was very good price for New York and for such a spacious room.we liked everything about this hotel except the room was not ready then we arrived at about 11.30 pm, but the receptionist offered us free drinks at the bar while we waited. during weekend room has not been cleaned twice so we had to ask for it which was not really pleasant but i have asked for late check out, so they kindly agreed us stay in the room till 5pm as an opology for the late cleaning.As I mentioned the breakfast was excepcionally good and pancakes just fantastic!we had a dinned twice a pasta dished were just lovely.Overall we had enjoyed the stay there and definitely would go back.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Location Great Service Great Hotel	We stayed here for a week. it was ideally situated for shoping at Manhatten. within easy walking distance of time square and the empire state building. the hotel staff were extremely helpful and friendly, we were checked in straight away. all our requests were attended to immediately. The room was serviced daily. it was extremely clean and comfortable, very welcoming after a long day of sightseeing. I would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 15 2009 	Radisson Martinique on Broadway	I stayed there already several times because our company has an agreement with them. The hotel is in a very good location when you want to go shopping or sightseeing: Macy's, J.C. Penney, Victoria's Secrets ... and the metro are just around the corner. The lobby is quite small and often very crowded especially when a flight crew arrives or leaves. There is a room next to the lobby with a few computers for internet that one can use for free (limit 15 minutes). The rooms are very tiny but clean. In the rooms I stayed in the beds were always small for American everage (they seem to be smaller than Queen size). Size of bathrooms vary.	
Oct 9 2009 	Best hotel I've stayed at for the price	I booked a few months in advanced and stayed for 5 nights for an average price of $90 a night. Can't beat that price.. Hotel is across the street from Macy's. Great location. Arrived a bit early and the person that checked me in was able to get me a room @ 1pm when their regular check in time is 3pm. Very friendly staff. The room was bigger that what I thought. The bathroom was huge and the beds were sleep by number. People take towels when they go on vacation I wanted to take the bed and pillows. Loved it! Will stay there again.....	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel	Service was excellent. My nephew and I did the city for 48 hours. Our home base was the Raddison Martinique. Great location, right outside were the subways, walking distance to Penn Station and many tourist attractions, one block from Empire State Building. Resturant on the premises and we had a great breakfast from room service.Rooms were clean, beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept in away from home.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great hotel kind staff excellent service and outstanding location....	My husband and I spent 7 days on the hotel - celebrating our 25th weddinganniversary.We arrived around 13.30, and the room was ready - it only took a few minutes to check in.We've got a nice, clean and BIG room - and it was very silent there. Difficult to imagine, it was located in the middle of the crowded New York.Location is perfect - in walkingdistance to everything, the staff is very helpfull, especially in the little giftshop, where they made different bookings for us, such as the helicopterflight. And always ready for a kind word.The breakfast is good, with various choises, and nomatter if you arrive after 10.00, there are plenty of food - fresh food.We would certainly recommend this hotel, AND come back ourselves, if we go to New York again.When I read some of the bad reviews, I wonder, if it is the same hotel, we visited..... or, if people in common are so very different, expecting things.....Anyway, the very best recommandations from me about this hotel.	
Sep 26 2009 	Very satisfied with the Radisson Martinique	We arrived at 3pm after 7 hour flight from Manchester and because we'd read the previous reviews and also a colleague had experienced a delay when checking in, we were prepared for our room not being ready. We asked for an upgrade and were immediately issued with a room card. Unfortunately when we opened the door to the room on the 5th floor, the lights were all on because the window faced onto a brick wall some three feet away so there was zero natural light. We immediately returned to Reception and refused the room. At this point, we were informed we'd have to wait until after 4 for another room. We did a pre-check in, room number allocated, details taken and told to return to collect the key card later. We left our luggage with the concierge and went out to explore. Returning at 5, there was no queue and we were issued with our new room card. No problems with this room - it was on the 11th floor and faced the front street. We booked a room with 2 double beds and this is what we got. The room was a good size, spotlessly clean with flat screen TV. Beds were very comfortable and the maid service was excellent. Towels changed every day and toiletries replenished daily. We found the staff on Reception, Concierge, Maids and door staff to be very pleasant and helpful. The free Internet service in the business area was greatly appreciated and we made good use of this facility to research and book attractions etc. Although there are only 3 computers, guests are requested to use for a maximum of 15 minutes and we found that people adhered to this. I have to say the room is one of the quietest I've ever stayed in. There was no noise from the room on either side of us, although they were occupied, nor from the corridors or street below. Amazing when we considered we're in the middle of a huge city. We slept very soundly as a result, which is something I never take for granted in a busy hotel. Free newspaper every morning was a nice touch but the complimentary water was only for first morning! We flew into Newark Liberty Airport and caught the train into Penn Station, which is a 5 minute walk from the hotel and cost half the price of a taxi. We didn't eat at the hotel, but regretted this later as the restaurant seemed very busy and the menu was good value. Definitely worth checking out. As long as you're prepared for a potential wait for your room to be allocated, and willing to be assertive if there is an undue delay (my colleague asked to speak to the manager and the problem was immediately resolved) I can't say anything negative about this hotel at all. We booked our deal on Expedia together with the flight and for £1700 for 2 return flights from Manchester plus 5 nights room only here, we feel it was a good value break. As previously mentioned, a lot of airline staff do stay here and we were initially concerned this may mean some noise and disruption at unsociable hours but we never heard a thing. Would definitely stay here again as the location is within walking distance of the Flat Iron building, Empire State Building, Macy's, and Times Square and Central Park are about 10-15 mins away.	
Sep 23 2009 	Run down dirty zero service	This is a fine place if you are considering as an alternative a hostel or some other 1-2 star hotel. Otherwise steer clear. I was upgraded at check in. Given my tiny room with a full size bed (my feet stuck out all night) I am scared to think about what kind of room I would have gotten without the upgrade. Room smelled of cigarette. Sheets didn't seem very clean as they smelled too. Asked them to be changed, but guess what, no one ever answers the phone. After 3rd call, each time letting it ring no joke 30+ times, finally someone answered. When I came back from day's meetings, sheets had been changed, but my iPod had been stolen. Complained. 2 hours later a security guard came to the room and looked under the bed. Said someone would get back to me the next day. Next day, nothing, so I try calling the front desk. Again no answer. Go to meetings and come back. Try calling again. Still no answer. Get up the next morning to check out, call again, still no answer. Crazy. There are so many hotels in NY with better service, cleaner rooms, etc for the $229 I paid here. Go somewhere else.	
Sep 21 2009 	Good hotel 	We arrived at the hotel on 3rd September at about 9pm, after a 7 hour journey from London, as well as a big flight delay on top of that. We arrived at the check in desk to be told that our room was not ready, at 9pm at night. I've also seen from other reviews that we are not the only people to be told this! So we wern't very pleased to be told to come back in an hour, as we were exhausted from our journey, as well as the fact that due to the 5 hour time difference, in our heads it was 2am! We came back in an hour to be told the room still was ready, and after repeatedly asking if our room was ready, we were eventually given a better room.This room was very nice, very large, nice and clean, and a nice modern clean bathroom, so no complaints about the room. The only thing I would say is that I'm not sure the room was worth the price we paid. For the price we paid I probably would have expected more, but you definitely couldn't fault the location, on the corner of Broadway, about 5 minutes from the empire state building and Macys, and right next to a subway station.All in all the hotel was great for the 4 nights that we stayed there, and it was all we needed as a young couple exploring New York, but the fact that the room was not ready by 10pm in the evening I thought was a bit much!	
Sep 11 2009 	Who knew business hotels could be this bad!!	As so many other people have reported, I turned up at 7:00pm to find my room not ready. &quot;Come back in an hour&quot; they said. meanwhile, the people in line next to me were back for their 3rd time after being told &quot;Come back in an hour&quot;. I managed to get a room in about 20 minutes after kicking up a stink and calling Garber Travel, who mysteriously booked me into this hotel -- why????? The problem seems to be that double book rooms They have a lot of international flight crews who stay there and many leave in the early evening. Given that, they clearly paying for that day in the room. The hotel then rebooks that room for that night....... except that the room isn't going to be ready until something around 8:00 or 9:00 at night. I can't believe that Radisson operates this way. Meanwhile, the room was less than average. And the ticket I put out on my room door requesting room service breakfast was never picked up... it was still there when I got up in the morning. My bill for the room -- one night -- no extras -- was $549. SCANDALOUS!!! My advice is -- don't stay at this hotel unless you have no other options.	
Sep 8 2009 	Fantastic location but make sure you get a good deal!	Absolutely fantastic location - right on top of a subway station and easy walking distance to Penn Station to get to either of the main airports. Also easy to walk to anywhere in midtown Manhattan.I'll admit I got a really, really cheap deal through Expedia and I felt I got a good deal. My room was kind of small, and faced into the interior courtyard of the hotel so the natural light wasn't great. But I figured it was the kind of room they give you when you've booked a bargain rate!Everything was clean and tidy, and the bed was comfortable though, so no complaints at the amount I paid.I arrived early and was allowed to complete &quot;pre-check in&quot; on arrival, and leave my case. When it was time to check in this meant I just had to pick up my key, which worked pretty well. Check in did seem to be very slow for everyone else though. The staff were nice, but they could probably do with another couple of computer terminals behind the desk to speed things up a bit!I would definitely go back, as long as I could find another good deal on the rate.	
Sep 8 2009 	Sub-average	The three hand a half star rating this hotel achieved is way too generous. We arrived at about 5pm local time and the check-in process took forever even though there was no queue. Then, the room was very dated and shabby. Also, there was a serious lack of attention to detail with cleaning. And, to make matters worse the smoke detector in my room started announcing 'low battery' about every 30 mins from the middle of the night. I have stayed in lots of the major hotels in New York and this is by far the most disappointing experience. The location is the only redeeming feature.	
Sep 5 2009 	Average hotel great location	When I entered the room there were empty shopping bags and water bottles lying around. It looked as if someone had been in the room after it had been serviced. The TV kept switching itself off every few minutes, and even though I reported this it didn't work for my whole stay. The walls seem to be paper thin, as I could hear the very loud guests in the next room.Also, they are refurbishing, and this involves removing fridges and safes from the room, which you can then rent from reception. I really detest this blatant profiteering, a safe at the very least should be available in a room at no extra charge.I would say stay here if you're not fussy about your hotel, and although my stay was ok, I won't stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 31 2009	Great location	Just back from a 4-night stay with my mother at Radisson Martinique. Although check-in time was 4PM, when I arrived at 5PM to check in my room wasn't ready (although my mother's was) and I was asked to come back at 6PM. Not great, considering I had booked both rooms 6 weeks earlier! The accommodation was clean and attractive, but the mini-bar and in-room safe was disabled (similarly in my travelling companion's room. Room swipe keys were very temperamental, and maintenance had to be called on several occasions to gain entry. The vending machine on my floor didn't work properly and the ice-machine on my mother's floor didn't work. On the plus side, the location is great - a few steps to subway and a short walk to Macy's. The hotel breakfast was very good and the serving staff very attentive. Doormen very friendly and helpful also. However, the best thing about this hotel is the concierge (Rebecca) who also mans the giftshop in the lobby. She was super friendly and a great source of information on buying tickets for things / attractions / activities / dining / booking taxis etc. Well done Rebecca!	
Aug 30 2009 	Outstanding location good value poor service	Housekeeping and bell desk were very good.The front desk service was poor. Check-in took much longer than it had to. When we checked in there was one employee repeating the phrase &quot;we don't have any rooms with two beds&quot; to the chagrined customers ahead of us. There were two other employees standing there doing nothing. Just poking a computer keyboard. Maybe playing Tetris. Maybe blogging about how much they despise you and me. This level of service will someday be a footnote to history. &quot;Grandpa, tell us again about the hotel employees who would stand around doing absolutely nothing while weary travelers waited to check in?&quot;Luckily there was only one party waiting ahead of us at check-in, so we got our room within 15 minutes. But we barely dodged a group called &quot;Every Employee of Mexicana Airlines.&quot; We saw several flight crews checking in during our stay; I can imagine a very long wait time at check-in if you get caught behind one of them.Also, the staff made no attempt to advise me that I had received a package. They probably received it on Friday. I picked it up Sunday before I checked out. (They did deliver it to my room, which was nice.)Having said all of that, this was an excellent large clean room, very comfortable beds, with a powerful AC system at 32nd and Broadway for about $200/night on a weekend. Excellent value.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great hotel. Great rate. Would go back.	Got a great rate on the hotel's own website. Room was very large for New York standards and well maintained. My only fault was check-in was incredibly slow (took over an hour to get my key) and the front desk were rude and unhelpful on check-in, although they were fine on check-out. Maybe I just got a grumpy staffmember. Would go back.	
Aug 18 2009 	Radisson on Broadway Ruined Our Vacation	When I reminisce over our recent stay at the Radisson, three words come to mind: rude, unprofessional, and unaccommodating. The hotel manager, Joseph Somenbeck is a poor example for a manager. Rooms Division Manager, Fatena Williams, lacks customer service or professionalism. Our entire stay at the Radisson was horrible, from beginning to end. On Thursday, August 6, 2009, I arrived at the Radisson Martinique formerly called Holiday Inn Broadway. After waiting three hours for check-in, my mother, daughter and I arrived in our room. The room air conditioner was not working. I immediately called the front desk and was informed that Housekeeping would arrive shortly. I placed two additional phone calls and waited a total of one hour before Mike, the engineer arrived. He then informed us that we needed to change rooms because the compressor was malfunctioning. After packing up and changing rooms, the air in the 2nd room went out at 1 am. The night engineer, Ruben, came and repaired the AC unit.The following day when my family and I returned from shopping, we entered the room to find that the TV was not working. Naturally, I called the front desk. I waited 45 minutes for Mike, the engineer, to arrive and tinker with the television only to inform me that he didn't know why it wasn't working. Eventually, Mike discovered that Housekeeping disconnected the cable, and he was able to repair the television. Once again, we were inconvenienced during our stay. When the room was asked to be serviced, the bathroom was either not provided with enough towels or didn't have any towels. The final and most serious incident transpired on August 8, 2009. At 5:30 pm, I requested a new set of keycards from the front desk clerk. I left the hotel at approximately 6:30 to leave for the theater. I returned from the theater at approximately 12:30 am to find that the Radisson front desk employee had given a colleague I knew from Chicago a key to my hotel room. When I entered the room, I discovered her intoxicated and laying over the bed. I immediately went to the front desk and requested to speak to a manager. Thomas Richards, the night manager, spoke with me. During our conversation he requested a Lock and Interrogation report from security. The report was generated and clearly indicated that a Radisson employee issued [--], a mere stranger, a key to my room, 619 in their hotel. As a result of their negligence, items from my luggage are now missing. Radisson breached their contract when they knowingly allowed a unauthorized person access to my room. We could have been seriously hurt or even killed. Fortunately, the evening did not end tragically, but I was unable to sleep because I no longer felt safe in our hotel room. The individual he allowed in our room was intoxicated and urinated all over herself. Simply put, our wonderful evening had abruptly turned disastrous. I informed Mr. Richards that I was requested a full refund totaling $501.05 immediately. He told me that Fatena Williams, Room Division Manager, was the only person who could authorize the refund. I have contacted her a total of six times between August 8 to date, and no one from the Radisson has attempted to call and apologize or rectify the situation. I am infuriated by the Radisson management and their lack of concern and professionalism.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great Hotel!	Our family of four recently stayed at the Radisson Martinique on Broadaway and had a great experience. The hotel is located in the heart of midtown close to everything-Empire State, Times Square, Macy's, etc. The subway is right out front! The hotel service was very good. Any issues were dealt with quickly and efficiently. The front desk personnel were helpful. The doormen were always cheerful and knew all the ins and outs of New York. The room was good size and comfortable. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 11 2009 	Nice place very good value.	This was nice hotel. Clean and comfotable. Good location. A little seedy by night. Friendly service and concierge was very helpfull in attaining a reservation at a local restaurant.	
Aug 1 2009 	Good Deal but you get what you pay for	We just left the Radisson Martinique. We stayed just 1 night as we were in NYC for 36 hours. Here are the Pros:-Very close to a subway station which covered most routes you need to get around the city.-Parking available across the street if you are driving-Restaurant on site.The Cons:-Very small rooms-Rooms are being updated and are in need of it.We paid $214 and with that we got: 1 room with double beds, 24-hour parking pass (worth $37), 4 metro cards for 24-hrs (worth $33). Also, when we checked in, they handed me 4 passes for Breakfast which were worth about $48.The hotel itself was fine-small, old and a little chaotic due to lots of airline pilots/attendants coming and going but unless you are willing to pay $400-500 in NYC, this is what you will get.	
Jul 29 2009 	Good Hotel near to Time Square	This hotel is nearest to Time Square and Empire State. Good hotels. Comfortable rooms, great breakfast. For sure i'll comeback again.	
Jul 28 2009 	A good buy	Yes, this is an older property. Yes, a lot of tourists and flight crews stay here. But our room, while modestly appointed, was clean and the service was prompt. We asked for a rollaway at check-in and when we returned to our room it was there. The bathroom was quite small. But the hotel was perfectly located for our business. A parking garage is directly across the street although you have to do your own parking - no valet parking. If you do park, be sure to get your parking ticket stamped at the hotel front desk, otherwise you will pay more. AND if you drive an SUV or similar car your car will be held hostage in the parking garage until you give the very rude attendant an extra $10 for &quot;oversize vehicles&quot;. We heard no noise at night (tenth floor). Check-in was relarivelt quick and the staff was very courteous. This is not a luxury hotel so if you want to rest and relax in your hotel, get spa services, room service, etc., this is not the place. But if you want a clean, centrally located, reasonably priced hotel, this is a good choice. We paid $159 for a double room, $20 extra for the rollaway. The parking was $47 for 24 hrs (including the rip-off $10 charge).I would stay here again for the location and value.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Location... but	Ok let's get the 'good' out of the way. The location was very handy for our purposes as we intended to utilise the subway and had a side trip that involved Penn St Station planned and we also went up the ESB (doesn't everyone?). The doormen were very helpful and provided clear accurate directions and answers to our queries re subway connections and general points of interest.I must admit that I read about people not having their rooms serviced and didn't really believe it could be that bad, but it was. We stayed 7 nights and for 3 of those nights we didn't have any service for our rooms. We called to request towels on each occasion and were surprised that the front desk staff didn't apologise for the oversight but merely seemed to treat it as par for the course. On another occasion we came back from a full day uptown and found our room was being serviced at about 5.30pm, most unusual we thought.We requested a non smoking room and we believe a very strong smoke smell was present in the room when we checked in. The front desk sent up someone with air freshener, which didn't really help too much but after a few days I think we (unfortunately) got used to it.Would we recommend this hotel? Location yes, rate yes (at least for our booking, door / bell staff yes, front desk staff - jury is still out, not the friendliest ones around, domestic / cleaning staff...no way. Overall, a very reserved yes providing you can get a really good rate to make up for the other deficiencies.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great location	I had the opportunately to stay at this hotel during the 4th July celebrations. Checked in early and and my room was ready for us. The staff were very friendly, professional and helpful. The room was very clean, the bed was very confortable even though I didn't stay in it very long and I had a view of the Empire State Building. Loved the soap, shampoo and lotion in the bathroom and especially the soft and fluffy white towels. I am very picky about towels. The location was perfect midway between Uptown and Downtown. Subway outside the door. Walking distance to Times Square, 5th Avenue, Macys and many restaurants. We had a wonderful full buffet breakfast in the Martinique restaurant. Very good service and the food was very good. If you wanted Eggs &amp; Bacon or go healthy Yorgert and Fruit they had it. Good selection of wine in the bar .I liked the best the friendly staff whom I would talk to and joke with every day in the lobby. The location and the room was the best. I would definely come back to this hotel, very good deal for the price. I have just 1 critic, at the time of my visit the room safes were being overhauled so I was not able to leave my valuables in my room. I called the front desk and they said that I could leave my valuables in their safe. Other than that I really like the hotel. Diane from Montreal, Quebec, Canada	
Jun 30 2009 	Very Good	Good clean hotel with friendly staff and comfy room. We have stayed in many Radissons and this was just as good as the others. Easy access to all of the city and very helpful concierges.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great Spot	Very easy to get to things from the hotel. Our room was lovely must have been refurbished recently. Good selection at breakfast.	
Jun 28 2009	Just Perfect !	Spent a week here with my cousin, on a leisure trip, between 20-26 May. First place, excellent location: just between 5th &amp; Broadway, 10 minutes walking distance from Times Square, Penn Station. There´s a subway station just off the hotel !All the crew is very helpful, from the front desk to the belhops...they helped a lot explaining routes, calling cabs, storing luggage, etc. Rooms: Fine - two medium size beds, lcd tv, carpet, regular bathroom. Not big..but enough. There´s a restaurant you can acessa through the front lobby, where you can have breakfast (USD 16/person), grab somthin´quick to eat.There´s also a shop in the lobby, where one can get everything from souvenirs, water, soda, snacks, to simple medicine (like aspirin), and even set a car to the airports ! Really helpful !This hotel is perfect for tourists - especially if in large groups - and families not expecting luxury !Would definitely recommend !	
Jun 26 2009 	Not for business travelers	I have stayed at the Martinique twice this month, mainly for the proximity to Penn Station. On my first trip I was awakened at 3am by the guests in adjoining room returning from nightclubs and continuing their party. I called the front desk to complain, and got no answer. Since I could not sleep, I just got up and took an early train. I stopped at the front desk to complain about the noise, and found the associate sleeping in a chair near the front office.On my second trip I arrived around 10pm and found a line of guests waiting to check in, including a full flight crew, whose rooms were not ready. After 30 minutes in line, with both business travelers in line ahead of me being told thier rooms were not ready, I was told the same thing. I accepted a downgraded room, which had a toilet that ran most of the night. The room was not cleaned or made-up during either of the two days in which I was out of the room from 6am to 8pm.I will not stay there again, and would not recommend to any business traveler, especially if you are arriving in NY after a long flight. They seem to cater to flight crews and tour buses, which is fine, except the staff appears to have become indifferent to delivery of service as a means of securing repeat business, and is struggling to keep the lights on. Very surprising for a Radisson chain property.	
Jun 23 2009 	Pros and Cons	We stayed here because I found a really great deal on Hotels.com. The Hotel is lovely and has a great location, the subway is right on the corner. The service was ok, we checked in and out at irregular hours so didn't have too bad of a time, although their reservation system was down so there were a few issues. Concierge service was very nice. The first night we requested a couple of extra pillows, which never showed up. The minifridge in the room is being 'converted' so was empty and unavailable for use. Obviously the room was small, but it was comfortable. A couple of things to know. If you are for some reason driving in, parking is offsite (across the street) and costs $37 a day. If you need to get to the airport and there is more than one of you, we strongly suggest avoiding the airport shuttle service through the hotel ($22 per person) and cabbing it instead ($45 flat fee). We were basically dictated to (pretty neurotically, actually, by a crazy lady in the gift shop) what time we had to take the shuttle (which got us to the airport over two hours before boarding), and we ended up being crammed into a van (me squeezed in next to a very smelly eastern European man, I felt like I desperately needed a shower afterward) while the driver had a cell phone to his ear for the hour-long drive. Not a pleasant end to our trip, so please learn from our mistakes. Avoid driving at all costs and take a cab to the airport if you can afford the $45!	
Jun 11 2009 	Good hotel in the heart of NYC	I was here on business so the price was not an issue. I was upgraded to an Executive Room which was nice. It came with the SleepNumber bed which wasn't a selling point to me but it would seem like a nice feature if you have one at home.The room was very clean and the shower had a very high head which is good for us tall people.Fitness center was on the floor below the lobby and was more than adequate for my needs (free weights, 3 treadmills, two ellipticals, hd tv on the wall.)We ate lunch in the Cafe Martinique and the service was achingly slow. We assume this was because they were the kitchen for room service as well (not confirmed, just a guess.) But there are a thousand other places to eat nearby.Overall good experience.	
Jun 11 2009 	A Recurring Problem...	I wished I had read the reviews on this website before I made a reservation at this hotel. It seems like everybody seems to report that they were not allowed to check in early (understandable) but when check-in time arrived, had to wait for a room. I share the same story almost four months ago. I checked in early, but was told to return at 4:00 p.m. When I arrived at 5:00 p.m., there was a line that extended to the front door. Although I was previously reserved a room, I was not in my room until 7:00 p.m. after standing in a line for over 2 hours.It seems like my experience was not a one-time occurence but a recurring problem with this hotel. I did notify Radisson Corporate, but received no response. I guess they concur.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great location. Small room. But all we needed the room for was sleeping!	Lovely lobby and bar (expensive).Small room - which is apparently to be expected in NYC. Initially we were given a room which had been smoked in, but a quick complaint and we were moved.Room was functional. Bathroom could have done with being a little larger - not much space to swing a cat!Concierge appeared to be very helpful but on more than one occasion their advice was flawed.... we were advised to eat a Keans.... a small restaurant, &quot;averaged priced&quot;, around the corner. $150 later... for 2 steaks (they were fab) and a bottle of wine. We're not sure what level of kickbacks the staff were getting for making these recommendations.....The hotel did offer a great shuttle service back to Newark airport - $20 door-to-door instead of the $15 we'd paid for the train, where we had to lug all out stuff from Penn station to the hotel.Radisson is really well placed - round the block from the Empire State Building and near to the bus stops for the Greyhound open-top buses. And Macy's, of course. Overall a great location and seeing as we didn't really spend much time in the room, it didn't matter that it wasn't that great....	
Jun 2 2009 	check in staff are horrendous	we have just returned from the Martinique, we were eventually pleased with the hotel, we initially attempted to check in at 2pm but were told that we were to early and to return at 4pm, this we done only to find that the desk staff did'nt know if are rooms were ready or not, we were told to sit in the lobby while they found out, after 10 minutes we asked again and got the same reply, after a further 15 minutes we got very angry and demanded any available rooms, on arrival at our room the safe and small fridge were not working, this took three visits to rectify as no one seemed to know how to fix it, we had booked a club room which is bigger than the normal New York room and we were very happy with it, other than it was at the back of the hotel with no view. Check in staff aside the rest of the staff ie cleaning, breakfast, bar and porters were all very pleasant and helpful and we enjoyed our stay here, I would certainly recommend this hotel and with a bit of luck the check in staff will by then have had lessons in good manners	
Jun 2 2009 	Unreceptive unmoved and uninterested - the anti-thesis of hospitality	I stayed at the Radisson Martinique for a night stay. There was no one big incidentthat marred the stay, but rather, the culmination of substandardstaff-guest contact points made me really doubt the professionalism ofthe staff and the sufficiency of training they have undergone.Arriving near noon time, I attempted to check in early but since it wasstill hours before check-in time. I absolutely understood why that I wasnot offered a room. However, I enquired if there was a minibar in the roomwhere I could store my medicine. The lady on duty said there wasn’t anybecause the hotel is currently replacing them, without offering anyalternatives or suggestions. I asked if there was a way I could store mymedicine in the property’s restaurant/room service department. She toldme, “You can try, but based on my experience, they don’t usually do it foryou.” I was rather appalled at the unhelpful comment that seemed tochallenge more than assist.When I finally checked in around 5pm, I was glad when I realized I wasbeing assisted by the Duty Manager (Mr Juan). I thought, perhaps, he couldbe a good reference for the service standard of the hotel. Although I washeartened that he offered to place a fridge in my room free-of-charge whenI enquired about storing my medicine, I wondered why there was adouble-standard on this front. More disappointing was perhaps the factthat he did not look at me when talking to me, seemingly more concernedwith the paperwork than welcoming a guest. My preference for a room witha window which I stated upon reserrvation was not reconfirmed with me.Neither was I asked for my preference for a smoking or non-smoking room. Iwas sent on my way to my room with a rather half-hearted thank-you and yetagain, no eye contact.When there was eye contact, the staff seemed to prefer avoiding it ratherthan to engage in it. Mr. Raul from the bell-desk, who saw me holding up aticket for my luggage, almost immediately shifted his glance to somethingelse, ignoring my presence and walking past me. Hence, I walked up toanother bellman for help. At the Financial Center, I could not believe myeyes when the staff on duty did not even lift his head up to address me,when I enquired about the availability of wireless internet in the room.No word, merely a nod to my yes-no question.The next day before I departed, I was trying to catch a quick nap beforechecking out. However, I was interrupted on 3 occasions within the shortspan of an hour. On the first 2, there was a knock on my door (Rm 804).Just as I was stepping out of bed to get the door, the door opened and aHousekeeper walked in. She was apologetic. But at the second time, anotherHousekeeper did the exact same thing. That kept me really puzzled, not tomention unable to get to sleep by the interruptions. I wondered what kindof policy the hotel was with regards to opening room doors when rooms areoccupied. Is there an SOP that states that Housekeepers should wait for atleast, say, 10 seconds before opening a door just in case? The last strawwas when a suited man, whom I assumed to be the Housekeeping supervisor,knocked on my door. When I opened the door, he did not even greet oraddress me or express any apology for disturbing, “Are you the new guestor the guest who is checking out?” I almost felt “expired” as a guestsince I was not a “new” guest. It seemed like all 3 of your staff couldn’twait for me to leave so that they could get on with cleaning the room.Another point of concern, and often frustration, is how some of the stafftreats guests differently. While one of the bell captains addressed thegentleman in front of me as “Sir”, I was addressed “Here you go, myfriend.” When I entered the Financial Center just after checking out, Iwas cast a doubtful eye by the staff. He asked me, again with nosalutation or address, “Are you a guest here?” The aggressive comment thatwas laden with judgment was absolutely uncalled for. I understood that hewas doing his job of keeping non-guests from using the Internetfacilities, but I believed there could have been a more polite way ofverification.If there was a gem to be found amongst the mostly unfriendly staff, itcame at the very end - Mr Cesar from the bellstand. He was the only onewho engaged me in conversation, offered useful directions, spoke sincerelyand with interest to provide excellent service. I was pleasantly surprisedby his hospitality, especially after such an unpleasant stay at theproperty. He was outstanding even though our interaction lasted less thana minute, and I think many of the staff members can take a leaf from him.I sense a general lack of interest and motivation amongst Radisson's staffmembers, made more obvious during peak periods of the day. This wasperhaps evident in 2 of my observations: 1) At the Financial Center, twostaff engage in open, loud criticism of another colleague, which Ihonestly thought should have been kept under wraps or discussed when outof earshot of internet-using guests. 2) At the concierge, Mr. Tony sharedwith me the increasing burden he feels as he is doing the job of bothconcierge and gift shop, though not paid more.	
May 31 2009 	Nice location super small rooms.	My husband and I stayed here May 27-30 2009. I had requested and early check in, since we were getting to NY before noon, they told me no problem. When we got there, they told us we were early and couldnt check in until 4pm. I told them I had early check in requested and she found us a room after several minutes. We also requested a sleep # bed, so she said she could get us in a room, but no sleep # bed since we were SO early. This was room 1007. This room couldnt be much smaller. But I guess that is what happens in NY. There was no frills that is for sure. The bathroom was very small, but had everything you need. The toilet became plugged our 2nd night after acting wierd and running all the time, and it took 3 calls to the front desk to finally get someone up there to fix it. They were apologetic, but I was not thrilled with the response time. I was also told we had free internet, but when I went to log on it told me it would be $12.95 per day, I called and they said it was a glitch, and just to accept the charge, and they wouldnt charge me. I then called the night before we left to be sure, and they wouldnt even look at my bill to tell me if it was on there or not. And since we checked out at 2 am for an early flight, I still dont know if we were charged for internet or not. I will have to wait and see I guess.They did let me print my shuttle confirmation and boarding passes for free. Which was a plus. This hotel had (for us) a very good location, easy to get to,a nd close to most things. We were happy with that.All in all it was an uneventful stay. Nothing about this hotel &quot;wowed&quot; us. The room was small but clean. Pretty expensive for what we actually got. Probly wont stay here again.	
May 8 2009 	Great location but very average hotel	This hotel is located right on Broadway, only 5 mins walk from Penn Station (very convenient for connection from/to Newark Airport). There are loads of shops nearby, including Macy's which is right round the corner. It's also about a 30 min walk to Central Park and lots of other NY locations. There's a very handy pharmacy/store next to the hotel which is ideal for buying snacks/water etc.However, the hotel itself is not that fantastic. We paid £100/night for 5 nights via Expedia, and then followed this up with several calls to the hotel requesting an upgrade. On arrival, we were allocated a room on the 15th floor which was ideal as meant there was little noise from the streets below. The room had two double beds in but an absolutely miniscule bathroom. We were rudely awakened every morning at about 6.30am when the people in the next room got up and had showers. The noise from the adjacent bathroom was unbelievable, the water rushing through the pipes was so loud, it was louder than us using our own bathroom! Be warned, this is not good when you want a lie in on your holiday!One day our room wasn't cleaned at all despite us being out all day. We didn't have the energy by that point in the day to complain about it though.Via some wrangling with hotel staff we also got breakfast included in our rate. Breakfast was fine with a selection of cereals, bread/bagels and hot buffet (which was all rather greasy but am sure it would appeal to some people!). The breakfast area got really busy after 8am so make sure you go down fairly early.Overall, location is great but the hotel is just average and things like noise from your neighbour's bathroom and not getting your room cleaned don't help endear you to the place.	
May 7 2009 	disappointing	I got a very good deal on this hotel for 9 nights. Fist impression was good. Room was very big and beds lovely so I was very happy, but then these little things started to appear which annoyed me. On their web site it says following:- bottled water -complimentary - actually only welcoming (2 bottles)- coffee - complimentary - yes, most of the days, but I had to ask separately for refill- wireless - complimentary - sure, but when you logged in it showed that you have to pay 12,90 $/day. It took 2 visits to reception until it was confirmed that even it says 12,90 they don't charge it- mini bar -sure, but empty one without electricity - didn't bother to give feedback about this, cause I really didn't need mini bar- cleaning -sure, but usually about 6 pm! I have never ever been to a hotel where they clean rooms this late and one night they started vacuuming our neigbour room at 10 pm.On the next street there is a hotel called Herald Square Hotel. It is a budget hotel and rooms are rather small, but when I stayed there a year ago, everything worked and that's what most important to me. So next time, I'll probably just stay there again.	
May 2 2009 	Centrally located affordable and great service	The heading says it all. I make this my regular NYC hotel on business trips, as the prices are always decent, the staff are extremely courteous and helpful, and the hotel is so well positioned, whether you need to be uptown or downtown. Also very convenient to be able to hop on the subway right outside the hotel, if that's important to you. Hotel is clean, furnishing is fairly recent, beds are super comfortable. Have stayed here 4 times in the last 6 months.	
Apr 27 2009 	Fabulous!	My family and I stayed from 4/4-9/09 and had a FABULOUS time. The location was superb for shopping, and any other NYC activity you could imagine. If you couldn't walk there, there was always the METRO, which was located right outside the front entrance. Although, the rooms were small, as to be expected, they were efficient and clean. From our housekeeper, Aurora, to Jason, the concierge the staff was FABULOUS.We travel to NYC somewhat regularly, and even though we have stayed in the Times Square area, I believe this location is even better, because it is in the center of everything. Madison Square Garden, Penn Station, which we took to Philadelphia one day, Empire State Building, Times Square (one stop up on METRO), China Town (4 stops up on METRO/10 minutes) and wholesale shopping, as well as Macy's (around the corner, 1 block up). We didn't eat at the restaurant on-site, nor did our rate include breakfast, but they do provide apples and cookies throughout the day and evening. The only downside is that our room did not have a refrigerator or a microwave, which when traveling with a family can be real handy to have. Oh yeah, might I add, that we did NOT have the sleep number bed and the beds were nice. We slept comfortably every night.	
Apr 15 2009 	Excellent hotel central location clean	I was very impressed with this hotel. Got an excellent deal for Easter for a single room. Paid £300 for 4 nights. Found the room to be clean and well decorated. 32 inch colour screen with remote. Telephone and coffee making facilities. Adequate bathroom with bath and overhead shower. Stayed room only but there was a great breakfast buffet served in the cafe downstairs which you could also access from the street. Business centre with internet access and free wifi in your room that worked brilliantly with my ipod touch. Friendly and efficient staff. Doorman really helpful and recommended a great Korean restuarant which was over the road. Really cheap to eat round there and right in the centre of things. One block away from Empire State and Penn Station. Ideal if you are flying into Newark. Took me 50 mins from airport to hotel door which included a 10 minute walk!Would definately stay here again.	
Apr 10 2009 	A good stay	We stayed 2 nights it was a good hotel mike the bellhop was awesome we talked to him for about an hour and he told us all the good places to go in NYC. The breakfast was awesome in the morning. The room was pretty good the only downturn was the view sucked and there was an office building across the street that could see into your room. overall wasnt too bad of a stay	
Mar 29 2009 	Great location but ...	First of all, you have to realize this is a Manhattan hotel, where space is at a premium. The positives: You are close to everything (Macy's, Empire State Bldg ...). The included full hot buffet breakfast was decent and convenient. For the most part, the staff was friendly. The negatives: The room was small, but clean. The bathroom was the size of a closet. We had a large flatscreen television, but the up/down control did not work for changing channels, and closed captioning did not work (I am hearing impaired). There was no full-time concierge (she doubled.as the gift shop clerk). She did not even have a subway schedule! Since no smoking is permitted in the rooms, several people simply smoked in the hallways instead. The smell wafted into the rooms themselves. The alarm on our clock did not work. Fortunately, we had a wake-up call as a back-up so we did not miss our flight!My biggest complaint, however, was with the housekeeping service (or lack thereof). There were 2 of us in the room. We had to constantly ask for 2 of everything (eg, towels, washcloths, etc.) They never emptied or cleaned out the ice bucket. They did not replace the coffee cups and glassware every day. On our last night, we returned to the room at 8:30 p.m., after a long day of sightseeing and found that our room had not been made up or cleaned up AT ALL. To make matters worse, we had an early flight out the next morning, were tired, wanted to shower, etc. When I called, housekeeping did not answer so I went downstairs and talked to the manager. He offered to send up clean towels, but not make up the room. He asked me if I had left the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on the door (I had not.) Thirty minutes later, someone showed up at the room with towels and some toiletries, but no washcloths.If you can look past the negatives, and focus on the location, this is a good choice for you.	
Mar 27 2009 	Great hotel Great Location	Spent a week here in March 2008. Got a great deal. Had a wonderful stay here. The hotel was top class, the rooms were nice and comfortable. Service was great the staff couldnt do anymore for you. Its one block from the Empire State Building and close to all other attractions. I would definately go back to this hotel.	
Mar 24 2009 	Excellent location w/friendly staff	First visit to NYC w/2 young kids, and was very pleased w/the Radisson Martinique. Hotel was not our choice. We were with a group. But, I would gladly stay here if we are lucky enough to visit NYC again. Can't beat the location, right next to Herald Square Metro station. Makes everything easier to reach. Stayed on the 7th floor. Stay higher if the noise of morning garbage trucks bothers you. Rooms and bathroom were small. But, it's an older building - what can you do? Temp controls were a puzzle at times. We were comfortable. But, prefer to have simple standard mattresses with heavier linens. Featherbeds lacked softness and initial warm feeling. Good water pressure in bathtub, and I liked having a lot of mirrors available in bedroom area. Loved the breakfast buffet available every morning. We were lucky to have it complimentary. Variety of food offered satisfied all our family's different tastes, and servers were great. Arrived and left at stated check-in and check-out times. No problems whatsoever. Used fitness center. Good equipment, but too small for hotel size. When it's busy, the humidity gets rather high. Would suggest installing ceiling fans in cardio and weight rooms to alleviate the problem. Front desk and bellstaff very pleasant. And, the 2 gift shops in lobby are very reasonably priced for postcards and t-shirts compared to what we saw in other touristy locations.	
Mar 21 2009 	Great Hotel Lousy Beds	The Radisson Martinique has an unbeatable location at 32nd and Broadway in NY, literally steps away from a subway station and a short walk to 42nd St, the flagship Manhattan Macys, and the theater district. We cashed in United Mileage Plus points for vouchers so the stay only cost us local taxes and perhaps as a result of them being able to charge United back full rack rates, we got upgraded to an &quot;executive king&quot; on the top floor so no traffic noises and a room that was decent size for anywhere else in the US but luxuriously large for NY. Unlike other reviews, our room was cleaned every day - as a matter of fact, the maid service actually neatened up papers we left on the desk. The free wireless was also a much-appreciated feature.However, I doubt we will be staying in this hotel again for one big reason: they have installed Sleep Number beds and we hated them. Despite a supposed cushioning you feel the unyielding plastic air bladder, the remote control sounds like a vacuum cleaner and doesn't show the same number twice, and if you and your partner need significantly different numbers, you get an uneven ridge in the middle of the bed. I read online that the manufacturer says it takes up to four nights to get used to them - even if this were true (and we doubt we'd ever be comfortable on them), why would a hotel hosting guests for possibly only 1 or 2 nights decide these were a great marketing tool? We're upset about this because otherwise this hotel would be the perfect choice for our annual trip to NY but the sleep deprivation isn't worth it.	
Mar 1 2009 	Horrible dissapointment... stay away at all cost.	My family and I arrived around 2PM on Sunday (2/15/09) to the hotel, after a long trans-Atlantic flight. Upon check-in, the clerk informed us that our room was not ready and that we would have to come back around 4PM. We did exactly this, and returned only to spend 90 minutes waiting in line at the front desk. When I finally got to the front of the line, the agent informed me that there were no rooms available at this time. The excuses he offered were worthless and frustrating. The fact that the hotel was faced with a shortage in housekeeping staff represents poor planning and staffing by the Management team. We therefore were asked (very rudely) to wait in the lobby, along with many other increasingly frustrated guests. It was only at 9:00 PM (we had been awake since 11:00PM local time the previous day) that we were offered a room. Once we got past the initial disappointment of the quality of the room, we went to sleep in an attempt to forget the horrible start to our Radisson experience. The next day, we went on an all-day city visit. We left at 9:00 AM and returned around 6PM. To our surprise, the room had not yet been cleaned; the towels were still lying on the floor in the bathroom and the beds were not made. Good service is at the top of anyone’s list, and proper housekeeping, as obvious as it sounds, should be the basis of any stay. You can therefore understand my level of frustration and disappointment when I was faced with this situation. I called the front desk, and asked for our room to be cleaned and for fresh towels to be delivered. My family and I went out for dinner, expecting all of this to be taken care of immediately. When we returned, the fresh towels were there, but the room was still not cleaned, and the beds were not made. Throughout my long years of traveling and hotel stays, I must admit this was the first time I went to sleep in a hotel room that hadn’t been cleaned.Having paid in excess of $300/night for a terrible experience leaves a very sour taste in my mouth. I wrote to the hotel's guest relations manager 10 days ago (as she requested that i do) and am yet to receive an answer... the dissapointment continues...	
Feb 27 2009	Value for money hotel New York City	Rdisson Martinique, New York, W32nd St and Broadway.Date of visit: 12-14 Jan.2009Trip Advisor member, Weymouth, Dorset, UK.Booked online - 470.00$ Standard Double room en-suite. 3 Ngts. Most definitely value for money, room had Queen size bed, large bathroom, walk in wardrobe, and 27inch plasma t.v. and most importantly it was &quot; VERY CLEAN &quot;. ALL STAFF FROM RECEPTION, HOUSEKEEPING, CONCIERGE AND DOORMAN COULDN'T HAVE BEEN MORE HELPFUL.Five mintes walk from Times Square, and Empire State Bldg 1 block away. We walked down to ferry for Liberty &amp; Ellis Island, thru Wall St, South St Seaport absolutely brilliant had a lovely pint of Guinness in Killarney Rose pub, a block away from South Street Seaport. Central Park is 20 mins walk, but you never go direct there is just too much to see, Macy's literally on your doorstep, Cafe Napoli, Hester St in Little Italy is superb and very good value. We are planning to go back and will be booking the Martinique again. As you may have noticed l really like this hotel, and cannot recommend it highly enough. Stay there and really enjoy New York.	
Feb 20 2009 	Terrible just terrible	I travel to NYC quite a bit. This is the first hotel experience that was a complete disaster. The hotel was overbooked and understaffed. They had one person at the front desk and a mob of angry travelers waiting for their rooms. And, this was at 10:00 P.M.! A women with two crying children approached the frontdesk in tears demanding a different room because the room she was given was occupied. When her and her children entered their hotel room they were confronted by two naked adults. total bedlam. The hotel staff did barely a thing to calm her down. At 10:30 P.M. we were finally given a room, of course, by now they had lost track of the luggage we had left with them. that took them another 1/2 hour to locate. The room we were given was small (but, thankfully unoccupied). Though the room was relatively clean, there were empty wine glasses and a bottle sitting by the bed with wine spilled on the carpet. I called the front desk to complain, but, of course they didn't answer. I will never stay at any Radisson again. Ever.	
Feb 20 2009 	great location and NYC is the best!	This hotel is very good value for NYC and the location is great just down the block from macys and the manhatten mall. There is a cinema within 10 min walk and you have times square/theatres within 10-12 walk.Central park is about 15mins but empire state is literally towering over the hotel and is 2 mins around the corner. We walked around at night (up to midnightish) and found the area to be safe and unthreatening (if you are used to cities in general).The diner speedys (right across the entrance from the hotel) is great for breakfast, brunch and grabbing snacks for lunch. They do a salad bar which is good and healthy. Much better value that the hotel cafe.The hotel itself was very clean and we had no complaints. The bed was very comfortable and we slept well. we had an away from road room so it was very quiet and dark. There are apples and cookies for quests at reception which was a nice treat also free newspaper daily and free interent n the mini business room (behind reception).There were also NYC visitor quides and coupon booklets in the room waiting for us.Only complaints (and its a small one) is the little shop in the hotel foyer area- queues slow moving and lady there quite unhelpful.overall hotel is great and location unbeaten for the price range.places to go/eat out:heartland brewery pub by the empire state entrance.espn bar (for food, games and drinks)hard rock cafe and planet hollywood (times square)whole foods supermarket (coloumbus circle, union sq park) great for slad bars, sarnies etc.ferrerais- little italy- coffee house and heavenly desserts.350 bowling- at chelsea piers- good food and disco bowling!bronx zoo- great day out if you have good weather- get the express bus from near emapire state entrance.statue of liberty/ellis island- get the audio tour well worth it- food chocies not so great take healthy sarnies with you if dont like fast food choices.south street seaport- great area and nice walk from city hall subway stop- then do brooklyn bridge (entrance opp city hall subway stop) and hop back on subway to canal street for chinatown walk and little italy.good shops around union sq park visit the NBA store if you like basketball.NYC public library and grand central are beautiful buildings.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great Location 	I found this hotel decent compared to previous hotels i have stayed at in New York that are usually dumps! staff were extremely helpful (especially the black door man who i think took a shine to my boyfriend! lay off he aint GAY!), check-in went really smoothly. There is the subway entrance 32nd st which is literally 2 steps away from the front door of the hotel which makes it easy to travel around the city. loads to do! Clean rooms, slightly small but who cares when your out most of the day, plenty of mirrors! which i like tv is also excellent if you just wanna chill for a while. I would definitely go back here value for money!!I would recommend going to Woodbury common shopping outlet it is excellent - designer bargains galore!Jen, London	
Jan 19 2009 	Great hotel and good value!	I needed to spend one night in NYC, went to Hotwire and for $95($120 with taxes) I lucked out and got the Radisson Martinique. I've stayed in $100 hotels in NYC and they're dumps. This place was fantastic in comparison, clean, great room, good location, couch, tv, microwave, free internet, beautiful bathroom, hairdryer, and coffee pot. The sign on the door said the room rate was $295 to $695 which is more typical for a room of this quality in NYC. We weren't disappointed. Only sour note, parking garage right across the street was $44 for 24 hours. You might want to see if you can find a better deal nearby.	
Jan 13 2009 	The Heart of New York City	We recently spent the weekend at the Martinique for our anniversary. Have to say that the stay was fabulous! Check-in was a breeze and the room was fabulous! Staff was curteous and helpful and we really enjoyed the Korean Barbecue upstairs. PLUS we were so close to our Broadway show and in the heart of the excitement of Broadway. Rates were unbelievably reasonable as well. Thanks to the entire staff of the Martinique for making my anniversary so special! We even had a beautiful basket sent to our room to celebrate the occasion!!	
Jan 6 2009 	Just Awful	Arrived at the hotel at 8pm after going through imigration at JFK and a nice limo ride into town to be greeted after a lengthy wait in line by a polite chap who informed me that my 2 rooms were not connecting as I had requested a few times on booking and further phone calls and I appreciate this cannot always be accomodated.However neither room was available and they could not say if it would be one or two hours before it would 10:00PM ???????Needless to say after a long journey and time now being 01:00AM for me and my young family, this was not funny at all. Created a fuss in reception and the guy pleaded (Yes pleaded) with housekeeping to get one of the room s cleaned. Got in that one at 9 and the other at 10:00....ShockingWe did not then see a maid or any evidence of a visit for 48 hours and the &quot;please make up room&quot; sign was hanging on the doors of both rooms constantly. I went to reception (long wait behind other guests complaining) and asked for the manager who was obviously not available but after more harrassing the front desk one of them went and got me some fresh towels and houskeeping turned up at 9:30pm yes bed time for the kids.This place is a joke quite honestly and of the four hotels I stayed in on this trip by far the worst and the most expensive. Don't have time to go into the overflowing toilet incident in the bathroom but I guess you get the picture!	
Jan 2 2009 	Central New York	Although the hotel is very old it has a lot to offer. It is very centrally situated being within 5 minutes walk of the Empire State Building, Macy's and 10 minutes walk to Times Square. We did ask for a quiet room and the hotel gave us one on the top floor which was great. It was huge and had a very comfortable bed which four people could have slept in. The furniture and furnishings were pleasing and the bathroom was well equipped. Overall we were well pleased with this hotel although we have to say the breakfast was awful. It is amazing that America gave Britain the buffet breakfast idea but they cannot compete with the good British breakfast anymore.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great experience!!	We had a great experience at the Radisson!! We were a family of four visiting for the Christmas holiday. We stayed 4 nights. The room was fairly small, but that added to the charm of being in NYC. We received a complimentary full buffet breakfst every morning. The food was yummy and the buffet held a good variety to satisfy even the pickiest eater. Everything cooked to perfection. Nice fresh fruit, too. We had an inside room on the fifth floor. This meant no view...just the courtyard in the middle of the building. That was fine with us, though, as we never were kept awake by sounds from the street. Getting a good night sleep is extrememly important to enjoying your day. We did go to the Empire to get our view of the city anyway. We had new towels and clean room, with beds made each day, except Christmas day. Little short on staff that day. That was fine with me. I can certainly make my own bed 1 day so a staff person can be home with family on the holiday. The next day, things were cleaned up nicely again.We were greeted at the front desk with a very competent soft spoken friendly man that helped us with check-in. The bell hops...both arriving and leaving...were extremly helpful with our large disorganized mess of luggage and bags. The doormen were Awesome!!!I Can't say enough good things about them. They helped us with humor and smiles. Arriving was very congested and busy. They stopped traffic to help us get our car in a spot, unloaded and then stopped traffec again to get us in the parking garage. When checking out they wheeled all our luggage across the street to the parking garage and waited with us for our car to be brought up. While loading things in our car he asked about the things we did in NYC and how we enjoyed ourselves. He also asked us how were were planing on leaving the city. He wanted to make sure we know how to get out with all the traffic. Everyone at the hotel was extremely nice to us and I saw the staff being just as nice with other guests. I just can't say enough about the quality of kindness we recieved and observed from the staff! Awesome job!The hotel was centrally located to places of interest for us or subways to get there. We were easily able to go to the Metropolitan Museum, St. Patrick's, 5th Ave shopping, Grand Central, United Nations, Empire, Times Square, Broadway Rockerfeller, Ground Zero, Wall Street and shows at night. We packed in the fun even though weather was very cold and rainy. Grand time. Thanks Radisson. You made it a good time for us!	
Dec 31 2008	Great service and location	After moving from the Walcott, this hotel was just what we needed. I had booked a weekend shopping trip with my Mum for her birthday and the staff at the Radisson were really great, found us a quiet, twin room and made sure that everything was ok for us right the way through our stay.Hotel food was good (breakfast) and the location was perfect for shopping just round the corner from Macy's!!After a terrible start to our weekend in the Walcott Hotel, the Radisson was great.	
Dec 31 2008 	Wonderful experience	My wife and I stayed at the Radisson Martinique 12/24-12/29 and had a wonderful experience. We stayed in a &quot;Club Level room&quot; I booked the room at the Hotel web site and then found it cheaper at Expedia. The Radisson then changed our rate under their &quot;Lowest Rate Guarantee&quot; at 25% under the Expedia rate. The room was $217 plus about 20% New York City taxes, I checked in two days early on line at the Radisson web site. There were room cards ready when we arrived at 2 PM. ALong with the room cards were 10 buffet breakfast tickets and 10 happy hour drink coupons.  The room was large for New York standards. There was a kitchen area with a microwave and coffee pot neither which we used. There was a safe and snack refrigerator. Breakfast buffet was substantial with scrambled eggs and eggs with onions and peppers. Bacon and Sausage. French toast and pancakes. There was a large bowl of cut fruit and also cereal and breads. Coffe, tea, juice, etc. One day we had a ten minute wait in line. This turned into the big meal of the day for us and we usually had another meal late in the day (I recommend Hop Kee at 21 Mott street in Chinatown. Try the crabs cantonese) There are a number of Korean restaurants on 32nd street just outside the hotel entrance. We went to one called PHO and had the pho soup. Macy's is one block away from the hotel. We went the day after Christmas twice. My wife bought a coat and boots, shoes and other items. I bought a Fossil computer case. Everything was 50-60% off plus we had an 11% out of town pass from the Martinique front desk. Loved the location. Please see the rest of our trip under New York City at Christmas.	
Dec 30 2008 	Location -YES! YES! YES! - Then come the NO's!!!!!!!!!	At first ,when you arrive, all seems lovely - Then you go inside!Reception is manned by two staff therefore check in can be slow, there are loose cables/wires hanging from the ceiling in reception and by the elevators on our floor.The room can be tiny...actually most are so I was told. A petite or classic room may be a squeeze with the beds being a regular double at best.Noise from outside the rooms and from the a/c can be rather annoying (we stayed on 8th floor and still heard cars and street noise through the single glazing)!Breakfast is very good but you have to get there early (before 8.30am) otherwise you have to queue for up to 20-30 mins.Housekeeping can be a hit/miss situation. We had one day with no room servicing. When we asked for help we were told that due to union rules we may not get any help because it was past normal work hours. We ended up having a department manager clean/service the room!!!Ok..Ok I know that this seems like I am just syaing all the negatives but I also have to add a positive.The positive is the fabulous location. Exit the hotel to the right, walk 5 steps and you are at 32nd street subway. This gets you most places without changing. Walk 10 steps and you are on Broadway within sight of Macy's.The hotel is also placed immediately on Korean Way with cool restaurants and karaoke too (if that's your thing!)Times Square is approx a 10-15 minutes casual walk.Beware though that there is only one currency exchange nearby and they had trouble with their systems whereby not being able to change money. Banks nearby don't change currency unless you have an account with them and the hotel will not change currency full stop!To sum up - If you don't care about the room or wether you get enough sleep, but want a FAB location hotel, then this is for you.If you need to get anything done ask for a manager because the front line staff will answer you with a shirty response and you may even get the reply I had from one staff member when asking about my housekeeping issue- &quot;I'll ask but I can't promise anything will get done, sometimes they cannot be bothered!&quot;	
Dec 29 2008 	Awful service on Holiday time	The location is the best, but the service is terrible! I asked 3 times to make up the room, and no one show. The room is not clean as it should be. I found a lipstick mark on my glasses. I had room service and they didnt take away the dishes, that stayed in the room for 2 days before I thought it away on the aisle.The room is ok for the price, but the service is very disappointing.Every time that I return to the room I was expecting to be clean, but after severals complain, nothing has changed.Awful experience ever.	
Dec 26 2008 	Great Location; Price	Let me say I was a little nervous about booking due to the reviews I read. However, I'm glad I made the choice to stay here. LOCATION was perfect. After the first night's sleep was interrupted by noise emanating from pipes in the wall, we were upgraded to a brilliant, larger room with a ‘sleep number’ mattress. We were given vouchers for a full American breakfast for which the restaurant charge was $20.00 It was a nice benefit. (The breakfast buffet was excellent. Later we had tea and cake at the restaurant late one night and there was an excellent jazz group playing until 11 PM) You walk out your door and New York is before you. Want to see a play? You can walk to the TKTS booth. (PS The Seagull is a perfect production!) The subway line is conveniently located 15 steps from the lobby! The staff upon leaving kept our bags safe so that we could tour the city one last time and arranged a ride to Newark Airport. I recommend this hotel.	
Dec 18 2008	Second Room was Much Better	As reading some af the reviews I thought the hotel was going to be average.The first room was so small you could not even fit throught the gaps in the bed.It was very clean as was the bath room.We spent the first night in the room and we asked for a new one.After we got in our new room it was much bigger and he gave us a room on the 12 floor,(we did not hear to much trafic but we heard some, I would request a high room if you have a view)It was right next to the elavator but we did not hear it at all.The room did not have a sleep number bed but it was still very comfertable.The room had 2 free bottels of water and also had a chair.The breakfeast had a humugus line and i dont think it was free.The consieare was a little weird but helpfull.There was 2 gift shops and a bar that had a tv witch was nice for foootball games	
Dec 11 2008 	Disappointed	I stayed here for three nights with my sister and my two children for a shopping and sightseeing weekend. The location is excellent, within walking distance of shopping and sightseeing. I found the reception staff awful, we arrived at 3.30 and we're told we' d have to wait until 4pm to check in, which was fine as it was the time stated behind the desk. We decided to have something to eat in the Martinique restaurant where after waiting about 10 minutes for a menu and very shortly after ordering I was presented with a bill!!! the food took forever as apparently the oven switched off, and the pizzas weren't cooked and when the food did arrive it was overcooked, very disappointing. It was 4.45 when we returned to the desk to check in and our room still wasn't ready! We were asked to wait and the staff member was very unhelpful. We waited for a further 15 minutes and eventually had to speak to another staff member. After a short discussion with what seemed to be the manager she beckened us over again and said that she was offering us an executive room due to the fact that our room wasn't ready. The room was adequate but very small. I'd hate to have seen what our original room was like!I found the bell boy staff excellent and very helpful, they restored may faith in the hotel!the Martinique restaurant had lovely food, especially breakfast but sadly the service was terrible, waiters not listening to our orders, arriving with wrong drinks, no tea, butter, side order, etc. There was only four of us so it shouldn't have been that difficult. It was very busy but the service was disappointing. This hotel is in an excellent location and maybe we were just very unlucky with our experience but having to wait so long to check in after travelling from Ireland was unacceptable.	
Dec 11 2008 	great hotel and location fab	We arrived at this hotel and on check-in asked for an upgrade as my husband is a Radisson Gold card member. We were upgraded to a suite with free breakfast!!That aside, we found the hotel clean and the staff pleasant, though I think the rooms could do with a bit of a paint! The beds were SOOOOO comfy and the widescreen TV handy for catching up on the news. Air conditioning a bit out of date and noisy, but not anything to complain about.I would recommend this hotel to anyone. One block from Penn railway station and half a block from Macys - cant ask for a better location. Subway route right under hotel.I have stayed all over the place and found this hotel to be very good value.	
Nov 24 2008 	Outstanding Service in a great location	Without hesitation I would recommend the Radisson Martinique. For location, it can't be beaten. Right in the heart of downtown Manhattan within a two minute walk of Macy's and Penn Station/Madison Square Garden.The staff were some of the most courteous we had ever encountered. The breakfast was good and plentiful. The food in the restaurant was delicious and moderately priced. Try the seafood pasta - unbelievable!We stayed there just before a cruise from Bayonne. I suggest you use the hotel's Towncar Service, which the concierge will book for you. It was $80 fixed price to the Bayonne cruise terminal. I thought that was great value, and it took away any doubts as to what a taxi might charge. It was also clean and right on time, which is more than I can say for the last NYC 'limo' company we used (see my other reviews.)If you're a golfer then you might be interested to see the plaque outside the entrance commemorating the fact that the USPGA held its first ever meeting at the hotel in 1916. Paul Azinger also named his victorious (boo hoo!!) Ryder Cup team of 2008 at the hotel.Don't listen to me - just try it. You won't be disappointed!!	
Nov 22 2008 	no complaints	Stayed only one night on business but loved what i saw. I had a spacious room (considered a suite possibly) with a king bed, two full baths and a sitting area that was at the entrance of the room. 3 windows overlooking the front of the hotel by the street corner and room service was pricey but good. The entire room was immaculate so not only was i surprised by the size of the room but the 2 full bathrooms was great for us to get ready in and not have to wait for one to finish before the other person got in. The bed was a sleep number bed so i actually got a full night's sleep in a hotel room which is rare. The only down side was that i was on a low floor and the city is awake 24 hours so we did get some street noise from sirens passing by but otherwise the hotel was quiet.Close to where i needed to be in midtown and shopping is right across the way. Great korean bbq rests. down the block too.Will go back again!	
Nov 20 2008	center of it all but off the beaten path	On a recent visit to NYC for a friends bachelor party i had the pleasure of staying at the radisson martinque. The room was small, but when you visit NYC, you shouldnt spend much time there anyway. The rates....hmmm...when i told my friend what we paid, he said 'thats almost free!' We were close to everything, every taxi ride was very inexpensive. We even walked to several of our destinations. It was great walking out the door going a block and looking up at the Empire State Building and down the street at Macy's. Taking Amtrak to the city is the best and the 3 block walk from Penn Station cant be beat! Every doorman and bell hop was helpful friendly and gave NYC a new image... especially Joe Pesci's 'sound' alike, Ronnie. They even taught me that the PGA was formed inside the very building where we stayed. I cant wait to return for more fun!	
Oct 19 2008 	Good hotel in great location	Stayed here for a long week-end in NYC. Great hotel, good service, clean, delicious breakfast and in a perfect location. Walking distance to most stores on 5th avenue, Central Park, Library and Times Square. Very close to a subway station and Macy´s.	
Sep 28 2008 	I love NY and I love this hotel	This hotel is magnificent. Great location. Within walking distance to Macy's and the Empire State Building and many other must see places. There is also a place to board the subway right outside the hotel. The staff is AWESOME, willing to answer any questions or help in any way. Good rooms and beds. Clean. A+++++++++++++++++++++++!!!!!	
Sep 17 2008 	Great location	I had read horror stories about the hotel, the area etc. I was given a GREAT room, 2 hours before check-in time, on the 18th floor, with direct view on the Empire State building. OK the airconditioning IS noisy - so what ? calm down and wear ear plugs at night. Service OK - nothing outstanding but adequate enough. I had made an ONLINE check-in for the hotel room and indeed, my key and everything was ready for me as I arrived. This worked out well for us. The hotel is located just above the subway (orange and yellow line) GRRRREAT for moving around. Accross the road from Macy's. Good restaurant on the ground floor. Overall, a good experience and I appreciate I received a nice large room.	
Aug 31 2008 	Highly Recommended!	I stayed at this hotel for a week and after reading some of the previous reviews, I was a bit dubious. I arrived at the hotel at 1.30pm and was served by a friendly lady called Angela. After checking if my room was ready, I was advised to return at 4pm. I returned 15 mins earlier and Angela recognised me advising my room was ready.My room was a lot bigger than I expected, especially as they had offered us a 2 double bed room, when there was only 2 of us staying! We even got a view of Broadway and Speedy's outside! The room was on a high floor so we had no problems with smoking rooms or any safety problems encountered by others. We got 2 bottles of complimentary water on the first day and everything was replaced daily, apart from the first day but a housekeeper came to check and it was replaced within one minute.The reception, concierge and bellhops were all very friendly and helpful. The hotel is located very centrally, next to a metro stop and also 2 blocks from some fast food chains and shops and also round the corner from Macy's and Empire State Building. There is also a shop called Walgreens which is 2 blocks away, round the corner from Empire State Building, where we purchased many American goodies for a decent price. We didn't eat in the hotel's restaurant so can't comment, but Speedy's is conveniently across the road. If not, there are lots of other places to eat, Starbucks being on every street in NYC!The only negative was the hotel is opposite some building works, so if you have a room facing that side of the hotel, then beware of some construction work which could wake you up at 7am! But if you're an early riser or can sleep through anything, then you won't have a problem!Overall, I found this hotel to be fantastic, in a great location and I would highly recommend! Don't forget to bring some $1 bills as tipping is everywhere in this city!	
Aug 20 2008 	Adequate problems to look out for....	We stayed in this hotel for a long weekend this August (08) with our two boys (ages 13 &amp; 11). There’s good and bad with this hotel; here’s the lowdown:Location – it’s midtown, one subway stop south of Time’s Square, which is where we had a lot of activities planned. We also had Central Park and the World Trade Center museum on our list, so this centralized location came in handy for us making it a little easier to plug in some down-time for us and the kids mid-day. Another plus, the subway station for the N, R, &amp; W lines is literally out the hotel’s front door and to the right.The hotel is on the corner of 32nd and Broadway. 32nd street east from Broadway is Korea Town, which is primarily that one street going out some 3-4 blocks from what we saw. We didn’t have time to explore the neighborhood much more than going down 32nd street a ways.The bad with this location is that it’s midtown address means higher room rates than you can find further out. We had the boys, so the good central location seemed worth the extra dough. After riding the subway extensively for three days however, we realized that it can take you all thru the city with such speed that we think that, absent needs of any kids, one could do better in a hotel further out, say down towards Battery Park, where some new and cheaper hotels are located.Service – The Check In Saga – We had a real problem with this hotel upon our attempt to check in on Friday afternoon. As with most hotels, check in is 4pm. We arrived there early and were told they might be able to get us into the room early. Good thing we didn’t count on that because they stalled us till past 5pm, claiming someone else was “still in the room,” and then, that staff were “checking the room.” I overheard similar excuses given to other guests and realized they were playing games with us all because they were probably short staffed in housekeeping and way behind getting rooms ready.After giving them over an hour past check-in I announced to the front desk (loudly) that I needed to bring the manager in at this point because me and my family were “very disappointed” at what was going on. When the desk clerk tried to put me off further with more promises that the room was being checked I said (also loudly) that “this ISN'T MOTEL 6” and I didn’t expect to see such a problem in a hotel like the Radisson. When the manager noticed some of the other guests they’d managed to delay had heard this and were now heading back his way, he suddenly found that they had a room available that would meet our needs. We found ourselves up on the 17th floor – the Executive Suites floor – which had it’s own little clubroom with free drinks, snacks and internet for those with rooms on that floor. For those who haven’t been to NYC before, let me add here that (1) once a hotel has decided to inconvenience you, only effective complaining will get results; (2) hotels in older buildings in the city have smaller, older rooms. The Executive floor room we got was what they considered one of their best rooms – but it wasn’t anywhere near as big or as nice as even some lower level rooms in say, a Marriott in the DC area or in Virginia. And (3), if you DO find yourself up on that executive floor, whether by design or luck (as with us), the breakfast served in the executive club room is only a continental spread – the breakfast you probably got free tickets for from your booking is the downstairs buffet which is the full spread with eggs sausage and bacon. Service – Hotel Staff - This was a mixed bag for us. Most of the staff, especially the bell hops and front door people were terrific. We ordered carry-out from the hotel’s restaurant on more than one occasion and I found the staff I had to deal with there not always willing or happy to help me. On one occasion the guy I was dealing with tried to overcharge me and it took me a bit of back and forth with him to get it straightened out, which I needed like a hole in the head at 10 pm (they’re open 24 hours, which is a rare and good thing). The staff they had working up in that executive club room were for the most part very friendly and helpful with one notable exception – one lady who apparently was having one hell of a bad week.Cost – We booked with this hotel thru a package on Expedia.com – getting us the optimal set up for our long weekend. I think the room came up to around $360 or so a night, which we found similar to comparable chain hotels in that area. We chose to stay at a chain rather than an independent. Room service and restaurant costs were on a par with that part of the city.So if you're traveling, particularly with kids, this isn't a bad hotel for a short stay, but just be prepared to go to bat for yourself if you encounter any problems!	
Aug 19 2008 	Great Budget Hotel	My family vacationed in New York for the first time in late July. This was a wonderful hotel for the price. The staff (especially the bellhops) were very kind and helpful. The standard room was clean; comfortable beds w/ goose down comforters and pillows. We had a small problem w/ the AC unit when we first arrived, but it was repaired immediately. Hotel lobby is very nice. The hotel restaurant is nice, but the food is only so-so. The hotel is centrally located, (1) block from the Empire State Building and (2) blocks from Macy's and other name brand stores. There is a drug store located next to the hotel and the subway is out the front door. We had a wonderful time and would stay in this hotel again!	
Aug 18 2008 	Robbed at the Radisson Martinique NYC	I stayed at the Radisson Martinique for 5 days/4 nights for a conference August 13 - 17, 2008. I entered my room a little after 3 pm and within the first hour, an employee entered my locked room and upon seeing my husband and I, said &quot;sorry...just checking&quot; and hastily left. I was aghast. My husband laid down to nap and shortly after, a second employee entered my room and said exactly the same thing as the first and hurriedly shut the door and left.I laid down to nap with my husband around 5:30 pm and was awoken by a phone call at 9 pm by my daughter saying some women had just called our house in upstate NY saying she had found my purse. I could not believe it. I have no doubt my purse was in my room with me before I fell asleep as I sat and put my receipts in my wallet and purse while my husband slept.I also put my cell phone on the floor by my bed so I would hear when our NYC friend called to meet up with us. That was also taken. Someone entered our room while we slept and removed these items!It was quite nerve-wracking to know that not only did someone enter my room (AGAIN!), they were right by my head while I was sleeping...what would/could have happened if one of us awoke? o_0Hotel security was of no help. The Front Desk manager(s) were of no help. They would not call the police for me and made me find and walk to the nearest precinct. The Manhattan MIdtown South Precinct wanted to know why I did not call 911 to report the robbery and I told them the Radission said I could not and had to walk down to the Precinct. The Police told me they were well aware of the Raddision Martinique management being obnoxious in this way and not wanting the police in their lobby to reflect poorly on the other guest. I found this to be outrageous. When I confronted the head of security about this, he stated that it was not an emergency so I could not use 911 regardless of what the police told me. For real.The conference meeting planner made the hotel give me a new room with a lot of arguing as they did not want to. One the last day there, I received a call from security that my purse had been found outside the door to my NEW room.Security refused to discuss the investigation with my or why two of their employees would try to enter my room without knocking or anything. They would not give me a printout of the information for my company...nothing.My personal feeling is that it was definitely an &quot;inside&quot; job and the hotel will do anything to just shut you up till you go away. They don't want to hear anything that reflects badly on them. I don't recommend this hotel to anyone but if you do stay there, I wish you luck.	
Aug 15 2008 	A Great Deal in A Fantastic Location	I live in the NYC area but occasionally need to stay over in the City for business. I have many choices but this hotel is perfectly situated and frankly can not be beat as far as the quality for cost. You can do FAR worse for price and still not be in such a great area with a subway entrance at the door of the hotel.	
Aug 13 2008 	The Big Apple	Just back from four nights in the Big Apple. Stayed in this Radisson. Staff were very courteous and helpful. Room was clean and tastefully decorated although bathroom was on the small side. The hotel is right beside the Empire State building and Macys department store and is in a safe neighbourhood. Arriving at JFK, we took a yellow cab to the hotel. The flat rate in $50 to anywhere in Manhattan. They also have minibuses that service the hotels that cost $19 per person but the journey is long and tedious, stopping at various hotels along the way. We got a got a good rate from hotels.com that did not include breakfast but there are delis and cafes all over the place. Speedys opposite the hotel was excellent that priced your food per weight on plate!. There is also a delightful small park right beside hotel which offers refuge from the heat and a nice way to have your breakfast and/or coffee alfresco. Beware of the tipping epidemic in New York. They all expect it and some restaurants even include it in the bill. Don't be intimidated by it. Only tip for good service. This was our motto so the rude taxi driver lost out etc. For the big attractions go early. We were on the ferry to the Statue of Liberty at 8:30am, otherwise tickets sell out by afternoon. Buy a Grayline ticket for the sighseeing open topped bus. This really gives you a feel for the city and gets you to the main attractions. You can hop on and off all day. I would stay here again in New York and would recommend it to friends. Overall a brilliant city break.	
Aug 11 2008 	Housekeeping......	I spent a few days in this hotel in New York.My room was on the 15th floor. the room was pleasant. Two king-size beds, spacious room. Nice bathroom, with the things you need. Not spectacular. But wich bathroom in the USA is spectacular, when you have a standardroom??Location of this hotel is excellent. You walk out the hotel and the famous shops are surrounding you. Good place.Lobby is small. A pianist welcomes you. Litlle shop.Taking the elevator takes quiet a long time. Friendly staff. but....housekeeping problems:My bathroom was not clean. I found hair ont the wall, and the bathtub. And that;s the most dirtiest a traveller can find.The wastebin was not emptied as well.Cause I had a flight back to the Netherlands late in the evening, I wanted to sleep a few hours by day.But than there is housekeeping: smashing doors, vaccuumcleaner hitting your door constantly, and shouting at eachother. When there is a : Don't disturbe sign on the door, that mean, please silence. I do understand that housekeeping-emplyees have to do there work, and sometimes that makes noise, but the way I experienced here in this hotel. It was to much.I asked to be a little more silence but I was not succesfull!Please members of the housekeeping: respect the signs on the door, your guests will appreciate this.I do hope that the staff of the hotel do read this view as well, so they know what guests experienced.	
Aug 8 2008 	Great Location Very Good Hotel!	Family Friends booked this hotel for us. We are a family of 5. When our friends first checked in they only received one room and it wasn't the best from what I understand. They moved them and gave them the second room. Their room was nice and had a good layout for the room. Our room had two double beds and the kids are small enough (11, 8, 7) to still to fit all three on a double bed if arranged right. As a family of five, we quickly take up space, but we had plenty of room to take care of the four S. Sleep, shower, shave, and I will let you figure out the last S. After a long day of touring new york, watching the today show live, and going to mets and yankees games, the beds enabled us to recharge our batteries with a good night's sleep. The hotel is in the perfect location. We took amtrak to new york so it was an easy stroll to and from union station. There is a subway station right out side the hotel. For the most part the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Would i take my family there again, Yes and hope to next year when the new stadiums open.	
Jul 30 2008 	Good solid chain hotel	Arrived late at the hotel but was checked in quickly to a room on the 7th floor. I stayed two nights, and the staff were polite and helpful throughout.Room was very spacious by NY standards with a large bed and sofa/table. The bathroom was fairly dated but clean enough, and shower was excellent. Slight niggles were the auto-pay minibar (I hate these) and the lack of a safe in the room.The best thing about this hotel is it's location. You can easily walk to Central Park, Soho, meatpacking district etc in 15-20 minutes, and it's right on a subway stop.Overall, this is by no means a luxary hotel, but the prices are ok for NY, and it's fantastic location means it's a great choice for enjoying this amazing city.	
Jul 29 2008 	We will definitely return!	Let me be very clear... I gave our hotel experience an excellent rating based on the fact that we locked in a $175.00/night rate (I'll get to that in a moment). The service was great from arrival, our room was clean and even had a view of 32nd &amp; Broadway. There is a subway entrance right outside the hotel which is so convenient. Right around the block you'll find Macy's and tons of other amazing shopping. Now back to the price. If you are still wondering how we got such a great deal, here's the secret...Radisson's Best Price Guarantee!!! Here's how you do it...find the lowest online rate, then book the room through Radisson.com, submit a claim form (found on the website) within 24 hours and once they verify the lower rate, they will match it minus 25%. Not only do you get the best deal, but you also don't have to pay up front. It's the way to go. That said, had we paid full price, I would have higher expectations so I can see why there are some poor reviews. I guarantee if you lock in a decent rate, you will be as pleased as we were with our overall experience.	
Jul 28 2008 	Would have been higher score but had some issues	We booked this because we got a good price for our stay of 3 nights and they said they offered internet access. Well, our first night there I went to download pictures we had taken that day and could not access the internet. When I called they suggested we come and get a bridge to help with the signal. That was done and we still had no service (funny thing is I could get service for everywhere else around, including the hotel next door, but they required a cc to use it). Called again and they gave me a number for the internet help desk...that was a pointless waste of minutes on our cellphone(didn't use the room because it was .50/min for toll free calls) and still nothing. We had sporadic if the laptop was in teh right place at the right time, or if I wanted to sit in the lobby. They only kept saying that they are working on getting fixed so all can use it. The other problem was the breakfast buffet. We decided to eat at the hotel our last morning before checking out. Buffet was $15 and I have had better and bigger ones for less money. Service was bad, food was mediocre and all it was was a glorified continental breakfast (eaten simlar at super 8/Best Western for free). May stay here again, but will verify internet is working in all rooms and will not eat meals there.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great Stay	We arrived early on Saturday July 19th, knowing that our room would not be ready we check our bags with the bellhop and went off to see a matinée on Broadway. When we returned there was a very short wait for check-in, the front desk staff was great and very pleasant. We signed-up for the free gold points rewards program during our check-in and we were given a free upgrade to a king executive room. What a great way to start our vacation. The upgrade also gave us access to the Martinique Club, which provided a free continental breakfast each morning and a cocktail and appetizer buffet each evening. Housekeeping was great and kept our room nice and clean, even brought up extra towels right on request and they were even still warm from the dryer. I will stay at this hotel every time I visit NYC, it is very close to the subway and within walking distance to Times Square and the Theatre District. We checked out on Tuesday July 22nd and again the bellhop held our bags during the day as we had an evening flight. Great time at the Martinique definitely will be back.	
Jul 17 2008 	At the right rate the Radisson is Great!	We chose to stay at the Radisson based on price and location. Radisson has a lowest rate guarantee policy - if you find a lower rate anywhere on-line they will match it minus 25%! We found a cheaper rate on Hotels.com and after submitting the information to the Radisson - they guarnteed our room at the lower rate - which was a fantastic rate for a hotel in New York City. The location is good - it is centrally located and very close to Macy's and the Empire State Building. It also has easy Subway access which we used alot during our stay in the city. The rooms and bathrooms are small but functional. We didn't plan on spending alot of time in our room, so they were okay with us.The bellhop service was excellent. We were traveling with another couple and the bellhop was excellent in unloading and sorting our many bags. They also held our bags for us after checkout so we could finish our touring of the city without having to worry about our luggage.When I wrote this review the Trip Advisor rate for the Radisson was $444/night - I wouldn't classify the Radisson as a $400 hotel. but it is an excellent value for around $200/night. Overall we had a great stay at the Radisson!	
Jun 29 2008 	Great location Great Service Good Hotel	I stayed in &quot;penthouse room&quot; last week and overall very satisfied. The RoomThe room was large from a NY perspective; it had a bedroom, bathroom, but also a separate section for desk and a large closet. The Sleep Number bed was great, the cleaning standards very good and the bath room in good condition. Two complaint though; 1) the hotel has a wireless network rather than a cabled solution for guest room Internet access. In my room (maybe because it was on top and in a corner) had a very poor, on again off again, access. 2) Small issue, but easy to fix, the bathroom door opened in, which forced you to navigate around a very tight space to get it closed.The ServiceCleaning was very good, room service was quick, the front desk new what they were doing and were very accommodating. A guest services representative checked in to see that all was fine towards the end of the stay (nice touch, but would have made more sense to contact guests earlier in their stays). The complimentary breakfast served on the 17th floor was more than adequate. All in all very good serviceThe Location32nd and Broadway. 12 blocks or so from Time Square, a few avenues from Madison Square Garden. Great location for tourists.	
Jun 26 2008 	Glad the Reviews on this hotel were wrong!	I have just returned from New York after a 6 night stay at the Raddisson with my other half and have to confess I was relieved not to have any of the experiences I had read about in other reviews! We arrived before our room was ready but that was not a problem, our bags were sorted out by Mike at the porters desk who was really helpful and nice, all the staff we encountered were. The room itself overlooked the Empire State Building which really made us realise that yes we were in the big apple! the room wasn't massive but I would not describe it as small either, we were on the 14th floor. The bathroom was small but there was enough space for us, most hotel bath rooms from my experience are small in any event. We had requested a none smoking room and that is exactly what we got, I have chest problems and we emailed expedia after reading some of the reviews to ensure that we would get a no smoking room and they emailed the manager at the hotel who ensured them that the room would be no smoking.The location of the hotel is great, two blocks from Macy's, the Empire State Building is also just around the corner and Times Square is no more than a 5 minute walk away. We didn't eat in the hotel restaraunt which is located next door, it looked nice but we found so many nice places to eat in the area, the hotel is very convieniently situated for sightseeing, shopping, everthing really. The subway is relatively easy to use once you have figured out which way you are travelling. The only thing that we wanted to see which was some distance away was the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island but again this can be accessed via the subway.The hotel arranged for a car to take us from the hotel to the airport the day we were leaving to continue our trip in Boston, Rebecca on the Concierge desk sorted all of this and again was very helpful and lovely to deal with,I would stay here again, it was value for money, conveniently located and just what we wanted.	
Jun 17 2008 	Very Good Hotel	Stayed at Martinique for 3 nights. I booked with expedia and got a very good deal. It was cheaper than booking direct with hotel and airline websites.No problem checking in and the room was fantastic.The hotel does not have single rooms so it was one of the 1 to 2 people rooms it had a view of Broadway.It was on the 16th floor and was very clean and well fitted out, it had a writing desk and armchair and reading lamp.I have read some of the other reviews and from my point of view the bathrooms are a little small but no problems.The hotel has 3 lifts at the front of the hotel and 2 more at the rear so no problems as some people have mentioned the lifts in reviews.Did not use the mini-bar there is no need on the corridors there are vending machines and soft drinks are $1.25.The air conditioning in the room I was in worked OK.Very convenient position in Midtown, I would go again with expedia and choose this hotel.	
Jun 9 2008 	Not horrible but had some problems	Booked a weekend trip to NYC and stayed at this hotel due to location and reasonable price. Unfortunately, our first experience with the hotel was not as good as expected. I arrived early and checked in, but as I expected, my room was not ready. That's fine. We left our bags and did some siteseeing. Returned hot and tired about 2:30. Had quite a long wait to check in again, over a half hour. Finally got our room and went up only to find someone else was in it. So back down we go and the woman at the front desk argued with me that I was the only one assigned to that room and no one was in it. I insisted there was. This went on for some time until the manager got involved. He gave us free drink coupons and told us to go to the bar until he could resolve it. Not really what I wanted to hear at this point - just wanted my room. After about an hour and a half total, the manager gave us a new room right next door. Just left us in a rather bad mood at the beginning of our trip.As for the hotel itself, okay, but not as nicely maintained as I expected. Our room was VERY small. Not much room to even walk around in. The bathroom also very small and hard to maneuver in. The room was fairly clean, but in need of some repair. The bed linens were stained and the sheets very hard and scratchy. Not the most comfortable bed I've been in. The Cafe Martininque, their inhouse restraurant was okay. Very small and, again, in need of a little updating and repair, but the food was not bad. The location is very convenient to the Times Square area and the subway is right outside the door, so it's easy to get around. Just 2 blocks from Penn Station. Overall, good location, but not impressed with the room or the service we received.	
May 31 2008 	great hotel	we stayed here 24th may -28th may we had a great time the hotel staff were really helpful and friendly. the location was great so near to so many attractions macys just round the corner empire state building 10 mins walk away every thing else 5th avenue about a 25 min walk . we used the subway which was just out side the hotel the hotel helped adviserd us how to get about on the subway. the bedroom was a little small as was the bathroom but really you are not in your room much as there is so much to see and do in new york . i would recomend this hotel as the price was really good.	
May 30 2008 	Great Time	At first when I had booked through Expedia, the Raddison Martinique was not available, so i booked the Hotel Pennsylvania.However after reading and seeing various reports about the Penn, I decided to ring Expedia and change the booking to the RRaddison which was now available, although Expedia charged me £85 to change the booking.From what I saw of the Penn when I was in NY 22nd May to 28th May, I am glad i paid the extra to change.From what I saw you cannot compare the two.I suppose there is a good reason why so many flight crews stay at the raddisonwe got to the hotel at 12.30pm and only had to wait until 1pm to get into the room, 14th floor no smoking and no smell of smoke, air con was fine could turn on or off, bathroom small, but I don't know about you but i did not go to NY to sit in the bathroom.Location fantastic, in 2007 I stayed at the Roosevelt, which is a better hotel but you are closer to everything at the raddison.Staff very pleasant, room cleaned every day and big enough for two, location great. Overall really very good, i am going back next year and will be booking again	
May 22 2008 	Marvellous Martinique	I just love the Martinique, location is Excellent just around the corner from Macys, Victoria's Secrets and many more shops. Reception staff are very friendly. Number bed is great fun my daughter slept like a log once she got the perfect number setting. Bathroom is very small this is the norm for NY. Security on the door gives peace of mind at nights and they are very hot. Would not recommend upgrading to the Club Level as it is not value for money with so many eateries around get out and about. Have stayed in many hotels in NY, will continue now to use this hotel as it is good value for money, leaving more in the pocket for shopping. If you are going to NY for a special occassion do not forget the revolving restaurant in the Marquis Hotel. Shopping - Woodbury Common is a must, also a visit to Century 21 at World Trade Centre is worth a visit.	
May 21 2008 	Great location but have stayed in better hotels	The good - the midtown location is great and I got a very good deal via expedia. If this is the best deal on offer at the time, go for it. New York hotels are very expensive and the rate on the hotel's website was much higher than what I paid, so always check expedia or similar sites before you book this via their website.There was free wireless internet which worked very well in my room. I have read some reports of the connection being weak or inexistent, so maybe it depends on the floor - I was on the 3rd floor.The bad - my &quot;non smoking&quot; room smelt of smoke. The air conditioner was very noisy, and the sound proofing was inexistent in my room. There was a filthy pyjamas bottom under the bed which looked like it had not been vaccumed for a while. Was not impressed with the service at the front desk.Tips - there's a Speedy's opposite the hotel which has great buffet meals. Don't waste your money eating at the hotel, there are so many eateries in the neighbouring area. Macy's is very close by but Manhattan Mall is even closer, which is a great option if you're on a budget.	
May 14 2008 	A Nice Place to Rest Your Head	I went to New York on my honeymoon and booked the Radisson based on okay reviews. We were looking for something that was clean, half-way decent, and not super expensive. And that is exactly what we got. I booked an executive room on the hotel website for $474 a night. I took advantage of the Radisson Online Rate Guarantee and ended up getting the room for only $266 a night!!! The hotel is not an extremely nice hotel with lots of amentities. It is a nice place to rest after a long day of walking around New York. I would stay here again if I could get the same rate. If you are looking for luxury, DO NOT stay here. The concierge Rebecca was very helpful and nice. The bellman Ronnie was also very nice. He gave us a coupon to Jack Dempsey's Irish Pub (located only a block away). We ate there 3 times during our trip. Very good food! The hotel restaurant is good but the service is terrible. We ate there twice and had bad service both times. Definately take advantage of the subway located right outside the hotel door. If you are intimidated by the subway system (which we were), take the time to learn it. It is very beneficial and will allow you to get around the city MUCH faster.	
May 14 2008	Great Trip to New York stayed Radisson Martinique Hotel - Phil Ireland	Stayed in the Radisson Martinique on Broadway in May 2008. We arrived before 3.00 p.m. on 3rd May 2008 but they had a room ready and we were able to check in immediately. Very helpful gentleman on the desk. My daughter and I booked a double room and it was good, bathroom a bit small. Great location for getting around. Had breakfast in the Hotel most mornings 15 dollars each for the buffet breakfast + tax and service. Housekeeping staff very friendly and did a good job. All other staff in the Hotel were very courteous although some waiting staff not the most helpful. Would stay there again.	
May 2 2008 	Rude Staff Charged For Room We Didn't Stay In Called A Liar Mocked By Staff	I can honostly say in the past 13 years I have been travelling at least twice a month and have NEVER BEEN SO THOROUGHLY DISGUSTED by every aspect of this hotel. I was visiting with family and booked 2 sepparate rooms for 2 nights for the 5 of us. We arrived and were told that we were only booked for one room and that there was nothing they could do. There is no way we would have booked one room for 5 people... They proceeded to call me a &quot;liar&quot; AND I QUOTE!!! The hotel manager we were speaking to went around the corner and was mocking what I had said to her in a goofy voice. We confronted her on this and she turned around and started laughing with another hotel clerk. I have never been treated so rudely in my life and because of something that was 100% their fault.We ended up speaking to almost every level of management in the hotel until they finally told us they would not let us stay there at all, let alone our entire family. We left and found on our statement a $657.00 charge to my credit card when we DIDN'T EVEN STAY IN THE HOTEL!! Still working on that, so far they have been no help and I have not received a credit.. WILL NEVER STAY AT ANOTHER RADISSON AGAIN!!!	
May 1 2008 	Great Hotel	New York is expensive. This is a definite compromise. Hotel location is in a perfect location, right by the Subway, Empire State and not too far from Times Square and Broadway Theatres. This has nothing to do with the Hotel, but we made the mistake of booking the Shuttle Service (Super Shuttle) through Expedia, from the Airport to the Hotel. IT IS TERRIBLE. The drivers treated us like cattle, and jibbered away on their mobile phones whilst driving very dangerously (even for New York standards). Avoid if you can. Hotel itself excellent. We originally got a room without a view, that smelt of smoke. We called the Front Desk and they apologised profusely and moved us to a room with a great view. Room very comfortable, only small downside is the sound proofing isn't great. But a minor compromise really. All in all recommended!	
Apr 29 2008 	Radisson Martinique New York City	Stayed for 3 nights, in April , 2008. Great Location, subway practically underneath the hotel, Macy Dept. store is 1/2 bllock away, Empire State Bldg is about couple of blocks.. about 15 minutes walk to Time Square/Broadway Theatres... Located in Korea town with lots of Korean Restaurents, Massage places.Business center with free use of computer for internet. Check in at 4 pm but you can leave the lungages with them if you get there early. Cost about $28-32 taxi fare from LaGuardia.Negatives..would be old hotel with most room has no view, has windows but looking at other windows and cannot see the city or the streets. Weak concierge sevices, located together with gift shop cashier... did not give us the Club Level room (eventhough we booked and paid for as Club Level, citing they have no records) Club Level Rooms are top two floors 15 &amp; 16 has access to snacks and services... Executive levels are nothing more than higher floor 12 and above and no special room or privileges.Having stayed at Radisson Lexington New York City 5 months ago, both are old hotels, noisey at Radisson Lexington with lots of construction in the building, and bathroom is smaller than Radisson Martiniques. Location is much better at Martinuque on Broadaway. Radisson Martinique on Broadway used to be Holiday Inn.	
Apr 29 2008	great position	we booked this medium priced hotel through expedia as a package including virgin flights. its in a great position, a 2 minute walk to macy's and the back looks over (under!) the empire state building which is about a 10 minute walk. the staff were really nice and helpful (as we found everybody in new york). its got a grand entrance and marble everywhere. the bar and restaurant are good. we had breakfast there the first day, but wouldn't bother again - it was pricey and not very good. the rooms were fine - clean, well furnished, a bit on the small side as were the bathrooms.(however we were not in it very much - too much to see and do!) there was a good hairdryer and iron and full sized ironing board. the only complaint we had, was that our room had no natural daylight (706) as it looked straight out to a brick wall. i would check to see where your room is. unlike one of the other reviews, we asked if we could keep our room longer than the 11am time and were told it would cost 50 dollars. i would still recommend this for a short stay, definitely.	
Apr 22 2008 	Great Location All Round Good Choice	We stayed at the Radisson Martinique from 4th - 10th April. I used the ‘price promise’ offer on their website which stated they would match any price quoted on other sites and give an extra 25% discount. I booked direct, and then quoted the better price which was listed on Hotels.com and received an email accepting my claim and confirming a rate of $207 per night, less than half the price offered by the hotels website! Now for the hotel, I am not sure about the negative reviews of this hotel as I can only speak of our experience which was on the whole very good. Our room was big enough to accommodate myself, my wife and our 12 yr old son, with two double beds, en-suite and all other comforts you would expect. The decor throughout the hotel was very good with obvious on-going ‘touch-ups’ being carried out. A buffet breakfast was available in the restaurant, offering a good choice of hot and cold options for $15 for adults and $7 for children under 11. The location of the hotel is excellent; being only 10 blocks from Times Square, across the road from Macy’s and with a subway station on the corner of the street, access to the whole city was simple. There was also a good selection of bars and restaurants around Penn Station which was 2 blocks west of the hotel. All-in-all I would recommend this hotel, providing you can secure a deal on the price.	
Apr 18 2008	Great place to stay	Had read a few reviews before travel and was a bit concerned but this hotel was great. Very central-1 subway stop from Times Square- station right outside hotel- very easy and safe to use( get day passes for $7 and you can hop on and off all day - great value) Rooms exactly as shown on web site - very clean, loads of clean towels everyday, complimentary toileteries and beds changed even though only there for 3 nights and you can adjust the firmness of your mattress to suit yourself. Very friendly and helpful staff . Next street to Empire State and very nice area. No problems at all - would stay here again &amp; recommend it to anyone. You must visit the cocktail lounge on top floor of Marriott hotel in Times square - revolving room with 360 degree view of Manhattan and FAB champagne coctails- not too expensive and a real treat.	
Apr 16 2008	loved our stay	This was our first trip to New York and we cannot say enough for the hotel, our first experience was the bellhop notifying us about the Martinuque club on the 17th floor which was a wonderfull experience for light snack. We were four in the room and after reading some ot the reviews was a little apprehensive about what we would find, however it worked out fine for us.The towels and bedding were wonderfull and our highlite was doorman Ronnie? he was a delight, we would come back. subway stn right next door and within walking distance to every thing.M&amp;M from Chilliwack Canada	
Apr 13 2008 	Much better than we were expecting !	Just returned from a 6 night stay @ the Radisson. Booked through the hotel directly without having to pre-pay for our room. There were 2 adults &amp; 2 children 11 &amp; 8. From the moment we arrived at the front door, we were treated like true guests, the only problem we encounted was on checking the room size on arrival,but this was quickly overcome by a fellow airline crew guest who stays regularly, he advised us in the lift after inspecting our first room allocated, that we should request a room on any floor ending in a &quot;9&quot;.So as instructed requested this room at the front desk and was very pleased with the size of the room and particualry the bathroom. The room was on the 16th floor so no smell of any heavy smoke and air con/heat worked fine. The breakfast was fantastic in the hotel and after some discussion with the front desk our children were included as complimentary also. Each person of the Radisson staff we encountered were friendly, professional and very customer service driven and all spoke English. Overall it was a great hotel experience in a great location for our first trip to the fantastic New York City.	
Apr 8 2008	Don't Believe Everything You Read	Just returned from a 6 night stay @ the Radisson. Booked through Quikbook without having to pre-pay for our room. There were 2 adults &amp; 2 teenagers (boy &amp; girl). From the moment we arrived at the front door after surviving our first NYC taxi experience, we were treated like royalty. I was very hesistant about the hotel after reading many negative reviews, most which had to do with a heavy smoke smell (which for non-smokers is a nightmare)After a suggestion from a fellow TA, I called the hotel the day before arriving to make our concerns known that we wanted to be as far away from the &quot;smoking floor&quot; as possible. We arrived many, many hours before the &quot;official&quot; check-in time and were told that if we wanted to leave our bags &amp; go exploring, they would call our cell as soon as the room was ready, which they did . We were able to check-in 4 hours early which worked out great for us . We had dinner reservations before our Broadway show which allowed us to change . There is much truth in regards to the size of the hotel rooms in New York, for 4 people, our room was very small compared to what we have been use to when traveling but we were assured we would only be in there to sleep and that is the absolute truth! Each staff peson of the Radisson we encountered were friendly, professional and very customer service driven and all spoke English which was a blessing being from Tennessee.We never smelled smoke and the rooms were very clean. The biggest surprise upon arriving at check-in was that we did not have to leave a daily $50.00 deposit which freed up extra cash for shopping. Sorry this is so lengthy, but overall it was a great hotel experience in a great location for our first trip to the amazing New York City, our first, but certainly not last trip there. By the way, our room for 6 nights with tax was $1825.00. Thanks for letting me share.	
Apr 6 2008 	Location location  location!	We stayed on the club level in an exec room with our two kids. Room size was on the wrong side of ample but in NY you are out and about so this was not really a problem. The hotel is situated on Broadway very close to the Empire State building and Macy's store and has a subway on the corner. The staff were very friendly and couldn't of been more help. The hotel is undergoing some renovation and it has to be said it does need it, so don't expect a glitzy NY establishment but I had no faults with it overall.One thing, if you buying NY tat, don't buy from the hotel shops even with the discount - there are plenty of others round about and if you have kids this is part of the NY experience.The cafe/restaurant is good and is open to the public. It is always busy which speaks for itsfelf so if you are arriving from a long trip eat there and save your legs for the next day.	
Apr 1 2008 	Just OK	We spent three nights here. I would say the room was OK, for those not staying long, but it was a little small if you wanted to open more than one suitcase. The location was good, a subway stop was right outside the front door, and the Empire State building was around the block. For our needs, which was seeing the sights, the location worked well. I was not impressed with the desk staff, but this was a very busy hotel, so perhaps that goes with the territory. We tried to check in early, but that was a no go. We were allowed to upgrade our room (the room cost changed, of course) when we finally tried to check in (at 4:10) and were told it would take about 45 minutes to get the people out of the room and get the room cleaned. About 1.5 hours later, we finally got a key to the room. For the price I paid, I wasn't terribly impressed. There was a safe in the room, but I would have had to pay to use it each day. But, perhaps that is typical for New York, I don't know. Would I stay there again - only if they had a really outstanding special. Otherwise, I'd find another place.	
Mar 31 2008	Good location but don't bother with the 'superior' room	Located in Korea Way, this hotel is ideally situated for most things and is reasonably inexpensive. Expedia gives it a 3.5 star rating which I think is pushing it a bit.The superior room is adequately furnished, but in ours the fridge didn't work and the air con was very noisy. It included breakfast in their upstairs 'club room' but this was pretty pitiful - only one waitress to cope with everything from taking room numbers to cleaning dishes. Every time we went up there something was missing, from cups to plates, to hot water to some food items. We went early and late, but the timing made no difference - basically there was a lack of staff and equipment to operate efficiently - not even a bin for teabags/cereal packets!Our children had a standard room, which was pretty much the same as the superior room, just didn't include breakfast. This was no great loss! The staff were courteous, but not very knowledgable.Overall, the hotel decor is pretty tired looking, but I would go there again if I wanted a reasonably central hotel on a budget.	
Mar 30 2008 	Run don't walk away from this hotel...	Worst hotel ever -- the Radisson appears to be an average three star New York hotel. I paid nearly $400 to stay at the Radisson Martinique on Broadway and thus was expecting a pleasant experience. The hotel is located in Koreatown and is a short walk (less than a block) away from the Empire State Building and Macy’s. The lobby is nice, but that is the ONLY nice thing I can say about this hotel. My room was clean but every single electronic device in the room was broken! The television made this loud flicker sound every 60 seconds, the thermostat was broken and thus I had no heat, (it was March and it was COLD) the telephone didn’t work and the “complimentary Wifi” had such a poor signal that it was unusable. In addition, the “Sleep Number” bed was broken and half the bed remained hard as a rock despite my attempt to soften it with the stupid remote control and the large “mini bar” was empty except for a can of iced tea, a can of orange juice and a can of beer…all warm of course.  I was traveling on business and had a really important email to send, so when I realized the Wifi didn’t work I called the front desk to ask about the problem and they said they couldn’t help and that I should go to the Business Center. So I packed my laptop up and headed to the “Business Center.” The Business Center was packed with people. I went to the counter to ask for assistance and the guy told me that he wasn’t affiliated with the Business Center (even though he was the only employee in the tiny room) and that they Business Center was comprised only of the three computers along the wall. However, I observed these three computers were currently being used by three 12 year old boys playing games on the internet. Maybe it’s just me, but I think the Business Center should be reserved for Business Guests…. Anyway, I told the guy behind the counter that the Wifi in my room didn’t work and he told me to tell the front desk. The problem is that there were about 20 people in line to check in at the front desk. So I went back upstairs to call the front desk and tried to tell them what was going on. When she answered the phone I could hear in her voice that she was quite annoyed I kept calling. I was pretty frustrated by this point too and asked to talk to the hotel manager and guess what, they hotel operator HUNG UP ON ME!! Either that or the broken hotel phone disconnected me. I am not sure which. I ended up across the street at some shady internet café so that I could do my work. I will never, ever stay at another Radisson. Ever.	
Mar 24 2008	Ok Blame New York	Hotel is clean. However the rooms are small and the lifts are a joke in this day and age. However for new york not a bad deal. We enjoyed our stay.	
Mar 17 2008 	Be warned	I travel the World on business and I have to say that this is the worst hotel I have stayed in who advertise executive floor rooms and lounge. Unfortunately I stayed there twice in a week March 2008. They advertise free Wi-Fi but the signal is almost non-existent. When you complain to the front desk they give you a booster kit which is next to useless. Two signs then appeared at the lounge saying they where upgrading their communications system! I was told that the signs get put out periodically when the complaints get too much. The signs I am told have been appearing for over a year. Each day I had to have the room key reactivated, but when you go to the front desk there is an air of we know. If you want to take advantage of the free breakfast, cocktails and horsdouvres you need to be there within the first twenty minutes or there will be no food or plates left. The choice is also pathetic. One word that I need to say is don’t blame the ladies who are trying their best to run the lounge. Their job is to satisfy the masses with three loafs and five fishes. The hotel should realise that without these people they would probably have rioting guests. You have been warned!	
Mar 13 2008 	VERY nice stay!	I was VERY hesitant to stay at this hotel after the reviews, just goes to show how different our experiences can be.My original reservation was made through Hotels.com at a VERY good rate for an executive room. My plans were then changed and I need to add an additional 4 nites to the orig. 2. The hotel honored my rate from Hotels.com, which they did not have to do and I was able to stay in my FABULOUS room! other friends staying at the same time thought I had the best room in the hotel - it was great. Very roomy, (by NYC standards), the Sleep Number bed was great, bathroom although a bit cramped, was CLEAN! Housekeeping was great, the breakfast on the 17th floor was super, the front desk was especially helpful, friendly and efficient!! and the doormen were fun, too! All in all, I had a great stay - thank you Radisson!	
Mar 13 2008 	Good basic Hotel	We visited New York 4th March to 9th March. After a $45 taxi cab ride which is the set price between JFK and Manhattan we arrived at the Radisson. After reading the reviews we were very sceptical but we found the entrance and reception quite bright and welcoming. No smell of smoke or must. All the staff were excellent and very welcoming. Check in was okay but I can imagine when a few people arrive it is slow. We then went to the 'infamously slow' lifts expecting a snails pace speed. We found them fine. I am not sure what other people are judging them by the term &quot;slow&quot; possibly by their own impatience. We were on the 5th floor so the ride was quick. There were three lifts, two working with the middle one having a notice to guests apologising whilst they were being upgraded. I imagine when more people stay at the hotel the lifts have to stop more frequently ten or twenty more seconds extra wait - wow!. I think some people have not seen the speed of the lifts in Las Vegas, now that is slow ! Or perhaps they are judging the speed by the one in the Empire State Building !The room was clean and adequate. I would say on European standards of an average size. It was a queen size bed and very firm and comfy, which we were glad of as we hate softy spongy beds where you sink and roll together. Firmer the better. Bathroom was small but not tiny and shower was good. Plenty of hot water. View was not great and let little light into the room (see pics) but you dont go to NY to stay in your room. It was surprisingly quiet despite being in such a busy location. We heard the odd police siren but no traffic noise and the only noise we did hear occasionally was the &quot;ping&quot; of the lift arriving on our floor. I do agree that the whole hotel could do with decorating and a facelift but it is not as bad as the reviews previous make out. I would imagine there is the odd problem but our stay was fine. We did not try the restaurant downstairs but it was always busy. Oh and the mini-bar. It makes a right racket. So we simply unplugged it during the night and plugged it back in at morning. Ahh, much better.As for the location, it was excellent what more could you want. Macy's across the road two blocks up (bout 5 minutes walk), Times Square about 15 minutes walk or amble as we would do. Central Park was only 25-30 minutes away. Empire state building literally round the back of the block the hotel is situated in. As for food we did not find breakfast that easy to find. There was Speedy's across the road for fast food type breakfast, Cafe Metro and Paks Wholesome food a little up from Macy's. All had good cheap breakfast on offer, tables to sit at but no waitress service. We did go to Andrews Coffee shop, corner of 34th St and 7th Ave back of Macy's to offer a good sit down waitress service. It was pricier than the others but we preferred it. Also worthy of a mention is Ruby Tuesdays on 7th Avenue near Times Square, cafe downstairs and restaurant upstairs. Very good food and service, good price. If you want to splash out then visit Bobby Vans Steakhouse on 50th Street. Our flight was due to leave on the Sunday at 8.40pm so we checked out at 10.30am. We had prepaid our hotel bill on CheapHotels.co.uk to get a good rate so when we checked out there was nothing to pay. We did not even have to pay for the US Paper deliverd each morning. We left our suitcases with the bellboy. They gave us a ticket and put them in a secure room, they also ordered us a car to go to the airport for 3.45pm. On return to hotel after our last wander around our bags were brought to us. (Whilst we were there another couple had done the same thing but one of there bags was missing, not sure whether it turned up as we had left by then.) We gave them a tip and took the car to the airport (cost $55, okay $10 more than a taxi but it was a comfortable ride). I do recommend going with the Radisson if you can get a good deal like we did. Albeit if the reviews scare you off try The New Yorker, that it at the back of Macy's.	
Mar 12 2008 	Good basic clean friendly 	We (group of 7) stayed five days on a package from Heathrow. Compared to some other hotels we have stayed at this was pretty good for what we wanted; Location. The staff were very good generally, the bell-hops excellent, luggage and transport no problem! Room was clean if you ignore the fact that it's a busy hotel and not a hospital! Twin beds, aircon (very noisy unit) daily replenishment of bathroom bits and towels etc. Hairdryer and coffee maker. A word here, don't try to make a good cup of tea in it though, it's useless. Coffee, yes, once you learn how to operate it without electrocuting yourself! There were bits of furniture falling off here and there, but overall the room was good for what we paid.The restaurant had a fair selection of food; breakfast was what we were interested in, although why do the yanks annihilate the bacon? It is so overcooked it’s more like crisps! Try the place opposite corner, serve yourself what you like, they weigh it, and pay. Take out or eat upstairs. Good value!There is a Mall opposite on Broadway we only noticed on the last day! It’s very close too to Macy’s and behind the Empire State. Can walk to theatres although taxi back is best. Can walk to Times Square too.We went up the Rockefeller Building (The Rock) rather, ice skaters and more to see there! Gppd views of NY and Central Park. Have a ride on a Horse &amp; Trap for $40 ($36 &lt;1 hour + his tip he said!) It only takes 20 minutes as they go round the Skating Rink so 1 hour is a marketing ploy. Good though, well worth doing!Back to the Martinique; internet is free – limited to 15 mins or so if busy but handy. They held our luggage safe on last day as checkout by 11am and flight at 5pm! They were great though.TIP: If you have 6 or 7 people in your group then get a Limo from &amp; to JFK as it costs the same as all on a bus! We paid $140 each way – good reliable driver too. All fold – 9/10 for this trip!	
Mar 12 2008	Exceed expections	We booked our stay via hotels.com (no complimentary breakfast) due to the great rate we got but with much hesitation due to some very very bad reviews here. Thankfully, the stay was not half as bad as some reviewers claimed. The room was small but clean and the location was EXCELLENT. Macy's is 5 minutes away and the subway station (PATH) is right outside the hotel entrance.Our biggest gripe has to be the free WIFI access. The signal is sooo weak that surfing the net was an arduous and unpleasant experience. We asked for a change of rooms hoping that the signal strength would improve but no luck, still as weak as a kitten.Overall though, I would say that for the price we paid, we are very happy with my stay.	
Mar 6 2008 	Average Hotel	I stayed for 5 nights at the end of Feb with my boyfriend, it is our 6th visit to NYC so we know what to except of the hotels in Manhattan. It is very hard to get a decent hotel for a decent price! We paid 235 each through hotels.com which was great. I recently stayed in the Marriott Courtyard on 42nd street which is a fantastic hotel and would highly recomend!The hotel is average but clean and as you are not in your rooms much I would recomend you stay here if you get a good deal. However, as other reviews point out, the hotel does have a really strong smell of smoke but I supe you get used to it! The room keys are also a problem as walking in and out of shops, past the alarms, deactivates them, so on a number of times we were locked out and had to go back down to reception to ask for someone to open our room, which can get a bit annoying after all the walking round the city. Location wise, the hotel is fantastic, 2 blocks from macys and about 10 blocks from times square, also rite next to empire state building.overall, if you get a good price then i would book this hotel, purely based on location.	
Mar 6 2008 	Excellent for 1st time visit	Having spent days researching potential hotels for our first visit to NYC, we were very pleased with our final selection.I organise corporate events and incentive travel for a living so have lots of experience in top hotels but unfortunately do not have a personal budget to match this! We did decide to pay extra for the Executive Rooms which were still excellent value for money and well worth the slightly higher room rate. This meant the rooms were large with huge beds and also (the best bit) gave us access to the Martinique Club for basic breakfast - excellent for stocking up for the day's exploration plus take out coffee to sustain us as we set out. This was brilliantly complimented by snacks and free drinks between 5pm and 7pm. Chance to relax in the spacious lounge, re-charge for the evening's adventures and plan for the next day. Don't expect gourmet canapes (think cheese, biscuits and peanuts) but the atmosphere was very chilled and a good contrast to the crazy city.This brings me to the location which was AMAZING. Walking distance to many major sites and access to Penn station meant that the whole city was just a few subway stops away. Shopping, eating, Times Square, Broadway shows, Madison Square Gardens and the Empire State Building all an easy walk away.Agree that the elevators were very slow but the beautiful (but hidden) Renaissance staircase is always an option if you can't wait.We did have an issue with a blocked lavatory which was quickly fixed (first time over) then, when the problem reappeared, we were moved very quickly into a new room. Other staff were helpful although concierge was useful rather than polite and friendly!Decor is tired and bathrooms small but you get what you pay for and in New York this hotel is excellent value for money when you don't spend that much time in the room.HIghly recommended for 1st time visitors who don't expect luxury but do want to be safe and comfortable.	
Mar 6 2008 	Presently Surprised	Stayed in the Martinique because I was warned off the Pennslyvania........spent some time in both (as friends were staying there) and they are at opposite ends of the spectrum. Martinique is quiet, even though its in a very busy area of town....location could not be better, across the road from Macy's, staff very curteous and helpful, rooms small but not by European standards, well decorated, very clean and efficient hotel......would definetely recommend and would stay there again......booked thru hotels.com......most of the hotel search engines were about 60% of the price on the hotel official website....two good bar/restaurants within 3 minutes walking distance, Foleys and Jack Dempsey's (near Empire State on W 33rd street, between 5/6 Avenues. Excellent bar/restaurant on 33rd street and 8th Avenue across the road from the 8th Avenue entrance to Madison Square Gardens, called Tir na N'OgN. from Republic of Ireland	
Feb 29 2008	ok	Stayed here for one week in feb.The main thing this place has going for it is its location,it is right on the corner of west 32th st which means macys,5th ave. etc. are only a stones throw away.I was not impressed by the hotel itself,the building is dated inside and our room was small and very basic.This place is like no other Radisson I have seen,the standards are much lower.	
Feb 27 2008 	Great 8 Day Stay	I was in NYC for 8 nights on business. I needed to be near Penn Station. The Radisson Martinique on Broadway was close, had good reviews, and was reasonably priced so I booked a room. Check-in was pretty basic. I asked if I could have a room with a view and the receptionist said &quot;no rooms have views&quot; which I thought was surprising. Anyway, I ignored it and carried on.The hotel looks kind of tired and in need of a makeover. It looks lived-in though, which I found it to be during my stay. My room was a good size and really clean. It was also really comfortable and the temperature was great - easy to control with the thermostat. The bed was comfortable and the linen was pretty good. The bathroom was clean and well-equipped. I liked the towels a lot and the toiletries were good. I used the gym/fitness room every day. Yes it is basic, but you get used to it. You're in New York City anyway and seem to burn off calories just by being in the excitement of it all. The treadmills were brilliant and there's a decent, but small, weights room. The facilities only got busy once during my stay. The door staff are great. Concierge was really helpful. I had the door opened for me each time I arrived or departed - with a smile too. A great touch.The hotel guests all seemed to be European couples in their thirties, in town for a few days' shopping. They were mainly British, but there were also Germans and Italians. A lot of airlines put their cabin crew up here. I saw plenty of amusing 'stare-offs' between Finnair and Virgin Atlantic crew in the lobby!Free wi-fi is definitely a great touch but the signal was weak in my room (1205) so was quite unreliable. It worked though, and I also managed to get access to other free networks outside the hotel.The worst thing about the Radisson is the lifts. There are two sets of them but the main set is so slow. One of the three wasn't working when I was there, and the remaining two were so slow.Overall I had a great stay here and would definitely go back. I would also recommend it to others who are going to the city.	
Feb 25 2008 	nice hotel	My husband and I stayed in the radisson for our anniversary. I thought this hotel was nice. They gave us a free upgrade which was really nice, concidering we didn't ask for one. The only complaints I have, is that the bathrooms were alittle dirty, there was some mildew in the shower, which needed a good scrubbing. Another thing was that we were on the 8th floor and at 2 o'clock in the morning we could still hear the club downstairs like it was only 1 floor beneath us. Overall it was nice but I would probably stay somewhere else next time around. If you go to expedia you can get a good last minute deal on this hotel. This is one of the reasons we chose it.	
Feb 23 2008 	Sooooo Dissapointed!	We booked this hotel off of hotwire, opting for it due to some decent reviews it had received on other sites and it's very central midtown location. The location is all this hotel has going for it. The staff are rude, (not including the doormen) the hotel smells like smoke, the rooms are tiny, and the mattresses uncomfortable. Calling early the morning of our arrival, my husban aranged with the night shift for early check it that was going to cost us 89.00$. We reluctantly agreed as our plane landed at 8:00am and we had no where to go with some of our baggage that we didn't want to leave checked, (laptop, etc.) Upon arrival the attendant at the desk called us liars and accused us of not arranging for check in, didn't have a room available and said the best she might be able to do was 1:30pm. Sitting in the lobby after this disturbing conversation, I heard her give the same shpiel to three more guests who had arranged for early check in. Finally around 1:30 we were given a room only to find that it smelled of stail smoke and was the tiniest room I've ever stayed in at a hotel. The maid didn't vacuum or throw away trash at all during our stay. The breakfast buffet was stale and horrible. By the time we grabbed some pancakes, the syrup on the chafing dish was the consistency of taffy and impossible to chew, the eggs tasting like eggs from three days ago. My advice, go with another hote and save yourself heartache over handing over your money to an undeserving hotel.	
Feb 22 2008 	stinks of cigarette smoke	I stayed here for six nights in February.I normally stay in the Pennyslavania Hotel and thought Id try the Radisson as it is in a good location.I am a light smoker and booked a king room through the hotel website but when I entered the room it stank to high heaven of stale smoke.After changing to a no smoking room on a no smoking floor there was not much difference.Maids use a lot of air fresheners but cant disguise the stale smell.Also there is only two small lifts working out of three and it can take ten to fifteen minutes with the queues to get to your floor.Most hotels I have stayed in in New York including the Penn(club rooms) give a complimentary newspaper eg.New York Post but the Radisson charges for them whether you want them or not..All in all there was about 200 usd extra mysterious charges on my bill.I did not eat ,drink or use the overpriced minibar or extortioate safe(5usd a day plus taxes!!.taxes are where it gets very hairy let me tell you) during my stay.This Hotel is a RIP OFF and I wont be back.	
Feb 20 2008 	Terrible customer service	The hotel is located in a great location. The hotel manager was extremely rude and literally a liar! I can't believe in this day an age, a manager of a reputable company can blatantly lie. This is another story all together. The hotel itself is in a great location. The room was extremely small for the price, and the air conditioning was not working. They had someone come up and try to fix it, but to no avail, and they didn't offer us any compensation for this. The room also had a bad musty smoky odor, although it was supposed to be a non-smoking room. Overall we were extremely dissatisfied with our room that we left and went down the street a few buildings away to the La Quinta Manhatten and the service was great, and they give you an incredible complimentary breakfast.	
Feb 3 2008 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in	My workplace booked this for me, as I needed somewhere in this particular area for a few meetings before heading onto DC. How I wish they'd picked somewhere else! Right from my arrival, there were problems. My UK bank card doesn't work in a lot of places in the States, so they book / pay with their company card in advance, sending an auth fax to confirm the hotel can take payment from their card.At check in, I'm told I need to pay. Looking confused, I'm told the room was merely reserved, not paid for. After handing over my card to pay for the first night (and not even knowing if payment would be accepted or not), I headed to my room. (Eventually my company told me they had indeed sent the hotel a fax in advance - did they simply not check the fax machine, or throw it away? Who knows. The person from my company informed me that whoever they dealt with on the phone to fix the problem wasn't particularly pleasant, either).The room was tiny, the view was a brick wall with some windows in it, I couldn't control the heating (it was always boiling hot), and the two worst problems: one, the safe wouldn't work, and two, the smell of SMOKE!The room, the floor itself (and all the other floors I checked out) all reeked of a stale smoke odour. Absolutely horrible, especially as I'm a non-smoker. It seemed like every time the (very noisy) air-conditoning radiator / fan thing switched on, the smell of smoke started to blow into your room. I did hit the off switch on this, but it would always come back on.The safe? I had lots of electronic gear with me, and NEED a safe as I'm in and out of the hotel a lot...don't want to carry it with me. Lots of back and forth action commences, with a guy coming up and failing to fix it, then I was moved into another room, then told to wait for the same guy (who failed to show up). Rang the front desk numerous times - eventually he arrives and tells me the safe in the ORIGINAL room is now working. Had to move back downstairs - something like FOUR HOURS were wasted during all of this nonsense.I was there for something like three nights - by the final night, I was having problems breathing properly, I felt out of breath and my throat was killing - presumably because of the endless stench of stale smoke filling the room. I'd been up since 6AM because of work, had to be on a train early the next morning and it was now after 10PM and I was pretty annoyed. Went downstairs, demanded a new room only to be told it was pretty much booked out, &quot;would you like me to spray your room with air freshener&quot;?Surely, that has to be a joke. I persisted, and was told they could take up a dehumidifier. Ok, sure. But...&quot;you can't be in the room when its on, and it'll need to be on for around at least half an hour&quot;.Yep, I was supposed to walk around New York after 10PM at night while they messed around with dehumidifers. I persisted some more - eventually got moved to a new room where I was promised there wouldn't be a smell. Sadly, I wasn't in there long before the smell was back again, and to top it off, the toilet seemed to be stuck flushing and there was only cold water in the shower.My chest still feels a bit wheezy even now. When I mentioned all of this to the hotel I stayed in during my time in DC, the girl at the desk rolled her eyes like she knew all about the problems people have at this hotel. Considering the Radisson is in New York, it must be a pretty bad state of affairs when poor reviews can travel that far.I would never go near this place ever again, and if you're a non-smoker, I *strongly* advise you to look somewhere else.	
Feb 1 2008 	Good hotel	I stayed in this hotel with my sister for a recent shopping trip to New York (great to take advantage of the weak US dollar!). I ended up booking this hotel due to it's good reviews and central location and was not disappointed. The rooms are spacious, clean and warm. The location is really good for both walking and getting the subway. It is really close to Macys and there are lots of shops around that area. It is also less than a 10 minute walk to 5th Avenue which we hit pretty much every day.It is not the cheapest hotel, but compared to some of the other hotel prices in New York I think we got good value for money. When you are there for only 5 days, travelling is a waste of precious time. I would stay in this hotel again the next time I hit New York and would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a New York Hotel.	
Jan 27 2008 	Mediocre at best	This was my second time staying at the Radisson Martinique. I remember going there 4 years ago with a bunch of girlfriends and I think my standards have dramatically improved since then. A friend and I arrived at 1:30 a.m. and waited for what felt like forever to be served by the front desk. We were exhausted and just wanted to go to bed. Finally, we were served and received a complimentary upgrade - - which turned out to be a penthouse room, with two double beds. Great news - or so we thought. We arrived at our room and it was a good size. The hotel has recently gone non-smoking, but the room still had the smoky smell that sticks. I found this disgusting. My major complaint about the room was the lack of heat. We had no control over the thermostat in the room and the end result was me sleeping with a sweater and my winter coat (fur hood and all) for the night. We made an attempt to correct this the next day and an &quot;engineer&quot; came to take a look. He promised it would be better, but it was only marginally better. We called for the &quot;engineer again&quot; and finally we had some success. That was short lived (one night), because on our last night the temperature dipped again. When you're in NYC to shop, tour, etc. you need to be well rested - - we were no where near well rested. The telephone in our main room also didn't work - - it did when we arrived, but then on days 2-4 it didn't?? Not sure why. On PH1 level there was a private breakfast set up (continental) for certain guests. The woman who worked there was very unfriendly and had no time of day for us when we asked questions about the breakfast - - clearly we were unwelcome despite the fact we also were PH guests! Finally the concierge was never reachable on the phone. It required a trip down to the gift shop (18 floors), which wasn't always convenient. I've been to far superior hotels than this property. On the positive side - - it is in a good location - - very close to Times Square, Macy's etc. And the price could be right - - depending on your standards.	
Jan 25 2008 	nice Hotel	This was our 1st trip to New York and we liked staying here. It was nice seeing the Raddison as soon as we came out of Penn Station. The rooms were small but clean. Everyone there were very nice to us.	
Jan 21 2008 	Great Hotel and Location	I just arrived home from New York City after spending two nights at the Radisson Martinque. Great Hotel and Location. Only negative thing about my stay was check in. I arrived in New York early on Saturday morning and the hotel has a 4pm check in policy. I arrived at the hotel and decided to check in case there was any chance of getting in that early and there wasn't so we checked our bags and went out to explore the city. We arrived back at the hotel around 3:30 thinking we might get in then. There were tons of people waiting and we were told that our room wasn't ready and we would need to wait until 4pm. At 4pm we were given our room keys and went up to our room but it was still being cleaned. After several minute we were allowed in.I booked the hotel on the hotel's website with Radisson and took advantage of the best online reservation clause and got a really good deal on the room. If you find a lower price then what they are offering the room for they will match the price and beat it by 25%. The hotel is right on Broadway and W 32th St and really close to Macy's and only 10 blocks to Time Square. If you pick this one you shouldn't be disappointed. If you go for the executive room they are very nice and the continential breakfast with the room is great.	
Jan 11 2008 	Loved It	I loved the Martinique. The room was very clean, bright and the bed was DELICIOUS. The location could not have been better. The best experience I have had in NY city. The doormen were curteous and attentive to details. The front desk staff REALLY NICE. checking in and out was a breeze. The restaurant downstairs was good but we only had dinner there one night. We had breakfast accross the street from the hotel in a place called Speedy's and their breakfast selction in GREAT. right around the block from the hotel they have a LOT of places to eat although we opted to have dinner in different palces in Manhattan each night. I must that nothing beats MANHATTAN, NY during Christmas time.We oipted to purchase the hop on and off tour and it worked great for usas we went for 5 days and had time to see almost everything.When I return to NY city I will stay in the Radisson again cause I loved it!	
Jan 6 2008 	Great Location	Just got back from a two night stay - Friday night/Saturday night. The positives: 1. Only waited about 10 minutes to check in and it was 1/2 hour before check in time. 2. Good location - Close to Penn Station and the Empire State Building.3. Subway entrance right outside the hotel....very convenient when it is cold out. (Tip...use the website hopstop.com for directions on what trains to take depending on your destination.)4. Iron actually worked well! I was pleasantly surprised. Irons that don't get hot or that leak water all over your clothes is one of my pet peeves.5. The shower curtain rod had a curve to it, allowing more elbow room in the shower. The bathroom also had a heat lamp in it which I enjoyed while drying off.Negatives: 1. The beds only had two pillows on each bed, one for each person since we had four people staying in the room. There weren't any extras in the closets. 2. The bedding was worn with holes in the blankets.3. The elevators are pretty slow - I tend to be an impatient person but this might not bother other people.All in all, the hotel was neither spectacular nor lousy. It was mediocre. Did the job it was supposed to do of providing us with a clean room and we enjoyed our trip.	
Jan 4 2008 	Don't waste your money	Really not worth the money. I'll start with the bad since it gets to the point.Cons..._ Approxumately 10x10 room! Only enough space to walk around the bed_The toilet was constantly flushing in my room and in another (I could hear the other toilet through the walls...)_The mattress was hard, cardboard-ish; seemed flat and cheap _Towels were stacked on a rack in the shower and would get wet if you're splashing about :)_Television reception was very poor, thought they were using rabbit ears in the 21st Century. _Room was too close to the elevator, within 12 feet. Poor building design, I could hear hotel traffic _Window with dungeon view of picturesque utility room vents and brick walls. Don't open the curtains._4pm check-in; waited in line till 5pm to get in my room..check out promptly at 11am Pros...Good location, nice soap and free city maps.I guess I expected a little too much from Radisson for the hard earned money I spent. My rating for this hotel is 1.5 stars; what you see is not always what you get.Disenchanted Traveler and Spouse,	
Jan 4 2008 	try to avoid	We booked this place due to a very good deal they had running, but Radisson in general and this place in particular is far below average. We won't be coming back. The elevators are working so poorly that it was often literally faster to walk downstairs from the 8th floor than wait for one... The TV is ancient and doesn't work properly. Room temperature is pre-fixed and cannot be increased... The bonuses are the location (although if you don't like tourist crouds, this ain't for you!) and the free wireless in the room.	
Jan 4 2008 	A Real Pleasure / Treasure	Before we arrived we read the negative reviews for this place, all I can say is that some folk need to chill, put a smile on their face, and dont write reviews when your jet lagged. Spent Xmas in NYC with family, this hotel could not have been better. The staff were always courteous and helpful, great concierge staff, bell captains and door staff to be especially commended, rooms perfect, great bar/restaurant off the lobby, and perfectly located. Outside is 'Little Korea' great bbq places, some are 24hr! Empire State in next street, Macys five minutes away, all you need for shopping within ten mins walk. We walked all the way up 5th to Central Park and back via Times Sq, twice, no problems at all,safe at night. Dont miss Jack Dempseys two minutes away, and a great deli next door to it for breakfast or late night chinese. Coffee's at 'Speedy' diner opposite the hotel are excellent. We will certainly be backPeace	
Jan 3 2008 	Have had better but also alot worse	This hotel sounds very up market and the first impressions on arrival are that it is - however, once you get past the glitz and glamour of the lobby area and the red carpeted entrance the hotel is pretty worn and torn and very average.We Stayed here on New Years eve 2007 for the sole purpose of being within walking distance of times square (which we ended up not going to anyway!) - which was achieved. The location of the hotel is about 5 minutes walk if that, from Macy's and about 15 minutes from times square itself.We got a limo from the airport and were greeted promptly by the concierge who took our 9 bags up to our rooms. Check in at this hotel is 4pm, but when we arrived only one of our rooms was actually ready (we arrived at 5pm) the other room took until 9pm to be serviced which was very disappointing. The check in took over half an hour and the queue was nearly out of the front door, but I guess thats what you get on new years eve in NYC.The rooms themselves are typical of a big city hotel, a little tight on space, and not the most modern I have ever seen. All of them have a mini bar ($3.50 for a can of coke). The beds are reasonably comfy, and the shower is fantastic.Our biggest gripe with this hotel was getting a late check out. Our flight back to the UK didnt leave until 7pm and we wanted to check out late so we could sleep in before the seemingly endless journey home. We asked at the front desk on the night of our arrival and was told we had to request it the following morning - we ended up having to set our alarm clock for 8.30am to call down to the front desk. We were told that we could stay on until noon for no charge, but up to 2pm would be an additional $95 per room. We decided to keep just one room on and pay one $95 fee. After popping out for some last minute shopping as we were now awake anyway, we returned to the hotel at 1pm to find we had been locked out of the room we had paid the $95 for. Very frustrating.This hotel is ok - not fantastic, but not awful either, for NYC the location is good and the price isnt too bad - Just Dont expect lots of space in your room and be prepared for slightly dated decor.	
Jan 3 2008 	New Year in New York	We booked the hotel 9 months in advance because our stay included New Year, and arrived on 29 December. We were a party of 6 adults in 3 rooms and made a request for rooms together at the time of booking. We also repeated this request direct to the hotel by email 1 week before arrival. On arrival we found our rooms were not ready and were then advised that we could not have 3 rooms together, not even on the same floor! We wasted an hour trying to check-in even though we had completed on-line check-in from home prior to departure. Only 2 rooms were ready by this time, and the 3rd room was not ready until 1 1/2 hours later. Many other people were having check-in problems and the reception area was crowded with frustrated people trying to check-in.Despite this the rooms were comfortable and the furnishings, etc quitenew. Our room was the opposite side of the hotel to our friends on thesame floor, and our other friends were eventually given a room on the floor below. Very disappointing since we had booked so far in advance and made our requests at the time of booking. It very quickly became obvious that airline crews arrive in large numbers, and are given preferential treatment and pre-assigned rooms. Their check-in is swift, whereas ours and many other people's took ages. The hotel is large and the staff are quite sparse in numbers. The service in the restaurant was slow and the food nothing special. The location is very convenient for Macy's and Empire State Building, and the subway entrance is right outside. We used the subway to get aroundevery day, buying a 1 day fun pass for $7, which allows unlimited local travel for 24 hours. We found the subway system easy to use and very convenient.We booked a meal in a restaurant in Times Square area, which was very disappointing. The restaurant was Saigon 48 in West 48th Street, and we booked it through a company advertising on-line. The whole evening was very disappointing because it did not match up to that advertised.We were not able to see the &quot;ball drop right outside their doors&quot; as promised because the restaurant was not close enough and the police had all the surrounding roads blocked off. The crowds were massive, and had been building since lunchtime that day. Times Square on New Years Eve is not for the faint-hearted. Unless you are prepared to stand around for hours, without being able to go to the toilet or get something to drink, it is probably better to avoid Times Square area altogether, and watch the &quot;ball drop&quot; on TV screen elsewhere.	
Jan 1 2008 	Decent and Good Location	This hotel is located in a great area for shopping on 34t street or a 15 minute walk to the 5th avenue shops. The hotel is small and very basic, but you get what you paid for. The rooms are very very small but typical for NY standards. If possible, try to get an upgrade to the Penthouse level 1 or 2. The staff seemed pleasant although very busy. The only negative thing I have to say is that the rooms are small, washrooms are tiny and the elevator is so busy that it takes about 10 min to get to the lobby from your room.	
Dec 29 2007 	Absolutely Do It Again	I'm a travel agent, and having stayed in NY this past summer, I was skeptical about finding a well priced and reasonably spacious room. I read the reviews, and they were mixed but I took my chances. I was pleasantly surprised from check in to check out. Impeccable service, pleasant staff, great location, nice restaurant. And the room was quite spacious for a NY hotel. I recommend this hotel, and I would definitely stay here again!	
Dec 27 2007 	Great Place!	This hotel is very nice, clean, and accommodating. We did not have anyproblems at all. The staff were friendly and offered assistance to help us find the different sight seeing locations in NYC. The hotel restaurant bar was a little slow, but we still got what we ordered. Wewill stay at the Radisson again, without a doubt.	
Dec 26 2007	Great Hotel!	I booked our room through the Radisson Web site and later found a lower price on Hotels.com. Since they guarantee online rates, I submitted a form and was sent a reply within 24 hours saying that my claim was accepted and that I would be receiving the lower rate minus 25%.The hotel was steps away from the subway; blocks away from Penn Station and Macy's. Our room was clean, neat and the shower was great.Our room was right near the elevators and ice machine, but I couldn't hear either unless I was standing near the door.For the amount of people in the hotel, I was surprised at how fast theelevators ran (this was a problem in our last hotel). They have 3-4 computers in the 24-hour business center with free internet access (15minute time limit if people are waiting).Overall--it's a solid bet if you need a place to stay in Midtown.	
Dec 19 2007 	Perfect Stay	Everything was perfect! The location, the friendliness of the staff, the cleanliness of room, and the SIZE! Large for NY standards! I do not have any negative remarks on my visit and would stay there again in a heartbeat. I know there are more &quot;trendy&quot; places in the city, but the Radisson didn't fail me at all	
Dec 19 2007 	Clean helpful great location	Landing in New York for meetings one afternoon before travelling on to Philly this hotel is turned out to be in the perfect location. One rule I don't like is that check in isn't until 4pm, my room wasn't ready, so I was provided with complimentary drinks. There were LOTS of people waiting around whose rooms also clearly weren't ready but the receptionist did his best to get it sorted and I was in the room in about 20 minutes. Another member of staff was being curt to customers with simliar complaints and I wasn't dealing with her. Hotel room is very clean, air conditioning worked, central location, nothing especially special about the hotel, just does what it says on the tin.	
Dec 18 2007 	Average at best	Just back from 4 days of Christmas shopping with a friend. We were lucky enough to secure a discounted rate of $389 per night on the penthouse floor - which by the way if you're thinking of booking - don't bother! Even though we paid half price I cannot stress enough how 'NOT PENTHOUSE' this floor is. On arrival there is a lounge with a series of unmatching chairs pushed in to circles. This is where you have your breakfast - quite nice to just have it on the same floor, but odd as you're sitting on a sofa effectively eating off your lap or a very low down coffee table. The rooms are fine. In fact, no they're not fine at all. for £200 a night I have stayed in beautiful rooms before. This one had 2 double beds with good linen but a tattly yellow throw. The bathroom was wall to wall plastic marble effect which although clean was so dated. The carpets in the hallways looked about 20 years old (i'm sure they are) and in need of a thorough clean. Whilst our room was really nice and quiet there was no view at all - just of another wall and the airconditioning unit stays on all the time (you can't switch it off) as the windows don't even open a crack. So you have an annoying loud humming noise to listen to all night. In summary though, I would say it's a 2star hotel at best. Staff OK, not exceptional, old style hotel that is in a GREAT location! Guess that's the attraction and why they've got lazy with the inside of the place. People come to be back in the centre of mid-town.	
Nov 28 2007 	Loved the shower	Friendly reception staff on arrival although that was it. The doormen were useless with no help with bags opening heavy doors or helping us to get a taxi. The room was fair size and comfortable with a small bathroom although the shower was great. Really powerfull and always hot water. Our view was another building some 10 foot away which made it quite dark and a need to always have the lights on. A great base nr Macys and the Empire State and a great litlle cafe called Martinique whcih served great breakfast.	
Nov 14 2007	Could have been better....	Well I stayed here a while back and it was so-so. First of all I was very disappointed with the front desk staff. When I had contacted the property to book my room I requested a room with a sleep number bed and was assured I would get one. Upon arrival, however, I was told that they did not have any rooms with sleep number beds available and on top of that we wouldn't be able to get a room with a view either...another thing I had specifically requested. The room we got was a corner room overlooking the building next door. There was a room across from us and needless to say theys ure had a good time, as the walls were paper thin and I could here every part of their very intimate activities. (I think you all know what I mean). There wasn't ONE working vending machine. I am pretty sure they do this on purpose so you have to pay $4 for a can of warm pop from their overpriced minibar...which by the way had expired warm beer in it. The cleaning staff and the doormen were very friendly and very helpful. Although the room was ok and the location was good, I probably wouldn't stay here again because the hotel doesn't seem to give a damn about specific requests and really didn't seem all that concerned about it. The place is a glorified Holiday Inn (it originally was one but they changed the name) and for the price we paid I should have been able to get the room I requested and a front desk staff who actually cared about the enjoyment of their customers.	
Nov 14 2007 	Great breakfast and staff!	This was a bit of a rush booking, as the hotel we wanted was fully booked, but the cloud ended up having a silver lining. When we arrived, the reception staff informed us that they had no triple rooms available (even though we'd already booked and paid for this). They apologised, sorted us out with a double room w/sofa bed for the first night, gave us complimentary breakfast the next morning and then upgraded us the next day to an executive room - worth more and bigger than the room we originally booked. The staff remained professional, helpful and friendly at all times.The breakfast was buffet, although they do have an a la carte option, and it was great, typically American. Hotel is in a great location, opposite Macy's and backs onto the Empire State building. There is also a nice restaurant downstairs which is nice for the first night, when you don't want to trek around looking for something to eat. Again, typical American/international cuisine, but tasty enough and reasonably priced.	
Nov 11 2007 	Very Poor for a USA hotel	I visited this hotel as part of a customer service tour and they are the perfect example of poor service, from rude staff to clueless on reception. I waited for over an hour to check in on a Tuesday afternoon when we arrived!. We did not get there until 4pm so it wasn't as if we where early.We had a meeting in one of their rooms the next day only to be encoutered with more rudeness as we had the cheek to put our bags in the room, making it hard for them to get the coffee in.No request politly to help, just a lot of tutting and huffing about how hard it was.Calling reception from the room was a joke, 10 minutes to answer the phone.My room was OK, clean, but with no view only a wall, some of my party did not fair so well with the box rooms.As previous reviews have said, great location, terrible customer service, they do concentrate on the airline staff.My party was 15 people and I can honesty say none of us will be back to this hotel.	
Nov 9 2007 	loved the locationfab bellhops	We stayed here over the easter holidays , hadn't read reviews on trip advisor which i've only just discovered. The hotel is in a brilliant location, we arrived before checking but the bellhops stored luggage until we could check in, he also recommended a good irish bar around the corner opposite the empire state building for food. Check in took a little time but we also had breakfast included which we weren't expecting and was a great bonus, our roonmhad 2 double beds and was on the larger side, big enough for the three of us, as we didnt spend much time in the room it was more than adequate. Most of the staff were very good the door man and bellhops very friendly.Overall our stay was excellant and we have booked to stay here next year. When we left we had arranged for a taxi to take us to the airport and was provided with a limo for the same cost which made us feel very special.	
Nov 1 2007 	Two Weeks--Five rooms--Overview of the whole operation	This hotel cannot handle the volume of travelers who process through every day.Rooms vary from large to tiny closets. Many airline employees from a lot of different overseas airlines stay here and form the stable basis of their business. I think that they are given priority over private individuals who book this hotel. They have a seperate check in area at the business center and they demand immediate access to rooms when they arrive. If there is a problem flying out again--flight delays--then they dont check out of their rooms and the result is total chaos. The front desk is a disaster. All the delays describe elsewhere occur most of the time checking in and out. The hotel appears to be busiest on Friday, Sat, and check out time on Sunday morning. Lots of people check baggage and spend Sunday in the city--then there is another rush as they want their bags to head for home in the afternoon and early evening. Monday thru Wednesday everything is slower paced and more relaxed.There are some outstanding employees working the front of the house--bellmen, security guards, and doormen worth noting are Ronnie, Jose, and Caesar. Others are good but I did not learn their names. Dawn is good in the executive breakfast room.Having access to the executive/penthouse lounge is worth the extra money. Continental breakfast, afternoon cocktails and snacks, and a place to hang out and use your laptop out of your room is invaluable. Wireless does NOT work in the rooms but does in the Penthouse and the lobby.	
Oct 30 2007	Not too bad	Got a special rate for this and for this rate that i'm paying, I guess I have nothing much to complain about!The rooms are relatively small. But that is NY style. Not much space after you place 2 twin beds, dressing table. The toilet door is just 1 foot away from one of the beds! However, the rooms are clean, beds are clean. The only complaint was of my pillow. I should have asked for a better pillow or more pillows....but well...Security is quite tight. The guard will ask that you show your key card if you come in late at night. Location is great as there are shopping areas just outside the hotel. Food is available 24 hours as you are sort of in Korean town. Some of the Korean restaurants open 24 hours. There is good breakfast areas around the hotel too!! Oh, there is a train station JUST outside the hotel. How convenient is that!! Checking in was slow....but it seems like that in NY. People behind the counter seem to take their own sweet time which becomes a little frustrating cos all I want is my room. Check out was simple! Just say my room number, and that's it!	
Oct 29 2007 	Needs a make-over	This is one of those hotels which is looking a little under the weather and is in need of a make-over. Service, rooms etc. are fine, location is great but it is obvious that a make-over is needed. Decor, carpets are furnishing all need to be replaced.	
Oct 7 2007 	Great place!	We stayed here for a week and found hotel to be a very nice clean, friendly place, room was OK, (as there were 3 of us) not a bit like some of the reviews we read, but the reason we picked it was that (rightly so )most of the reviews we good, And also in good location for Macys, Empire state building,Madison sq. grns, Time sq etc.would stay here again next time.	
Sep 23 2007 	Great bargain hotel.	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the end of August. Being New York, we were expecting a small room but we were there to see the city so didn't mind. To be honest, I thought the room was an ok size. The bathroom was very small but clean and functional. We were lucky to be on the 12th floor at the front of the building and had a view of the Flatiron building. Overall the room was clean, with a comfortable bed, plenty of towels and nice toiletries. The concierge was helpful and even booked a table at a restaurant for us at our request. We ate in the hotel restaurant for breakfast and thought it was good - I'd avoid the buffet upstairs though as it is a rip-off. Overall, I'd recommend this hotel as it is in mid-town with a sub-way station outside the door making it very handy for tourists who wish to explore the city. I agree with another reviewer who recommended avoiding the Korean restaurant next door - probably the worst meal and worse service I've ever had in my life!	
Sep 11 2007 	Extortionately Priced	I shared a room with two friends for 3 nights - the price was OK - it worked out at £65 per person per night. However, my friends checked out on the Monday morning and I stayed over for one more night, in the same room, on my own. The price for that night? £160! I could not believe it. They had swiped my credit card on arrival so by the time I checked out and was given my invoice they already had their money. I have stayed at another hotel in New York (Pennsylvania Hotel, right opposite Maddison Square Garden and next door to Macy's) and was charged only £75 per night. This hotel does not warrant the price they are charging.As for the service, the front desk staff were OK. One of the concierges was nice but there was a different one on every time I left/arrived at the hotel so I never saw him after the day I arrived! The maid cleaned and tidied every day, bringing fresh towels. I am just completely annoyed at being ripped off in this way.	
Sep 10 2007 	An OK Hotel	My husband and i went to NYC for a quick get away and to see some Broadway shows.Stayed at the Radisson because we used our American Express points.I did not have high expectations of this hotel because i read some of the reviews at Tripadvisor.Thus i was not surprised when our room is small, bed uncomfortable, bathroom is even smaller and the hotel staff were just OK.We were too tired at the end of each day to pay particular attention and we basically used the room just to sleep because we were out all the time.If you go to NYC you probably have better choices than this hotel. One piece of advice, do not eat at the Korean Restaurant next door. The front desk staff recommended the place and the food was awful, prices high.You could get better food with better value elsewhere.We went there our first day because we were starving when we arrived and wished we didn't.	
Sep 9 2007 	Loved our stay	My wife and I stayed at this hotel from 9/1-9/4. We definitely enjoyed our stay. It is perfectly located on 32nd and Broadway, just 10 blocks from Times Square. There is a subway station right outside the door of the hotel, so you have access to the entire city.The only bad part of our stay was the check-in. We arrived at noon and of course that was too eary to check in, which we understood. When we returned at 4pm to check in, there were 2 people working the front desk and I was 5th in line to check in. Within 5 minutes the line had grown to about 20 people. They finally brought one more person out to the desk to help, but it took until 4:40pm for me to get checked in (I would hate to think what time the last person in line checked in).Other than the check in , we loved the hotel. Yes, the room is small but from everyone I have talked to, most all NYC rooms are small. It was clean and quiet. Face it, if you are a tourist in NYC you will not spend much time in the room anyway.The doorman was fantastic! Any help getting somewhere he could help.	
Aug 31 2007	tiny rooms	The first junior suite room we were allocated on the &quot;executive floor&quot; was tiny. I left the family there and went back to reception. I looked at the next suggested upscale suite and rejected that too. Eventually I gave up and we took a standard room that was a long walk from the elevator.	
Aug 23 2007 	Closet-sized rooms!	A big group of friends went to NYC for a birthday celebration. We got 5 rooms. My room was a closet-sized room in the back of the hotel with a wonderful view of the brick building next door. The room only had a double bed, The toilet ran all night long and there was absolutely no natural light in the room at all. We called the front desk to request a room change, they said they were all booked for the night but the following night we could switch. We called again the next morning to verify and they said they couldn't switch us afterall. Then 20 minutes later the front desk called back and said we could switch. But the new room wouldn't be ready until after 3pm, so we had to get all our stuff out of the room by 11am and check our baggage with the bellhop. Another hastle. We literally waited in line for the bellhop for 40 minutes to check our bags! When we returned later to retrieve our bags and check into our new room, there was a line almost out the front door with people checking in. The line was not moving. The staff behind the desk kept disappearing for chunks of time and were not helping anyone. It took another 45 minutes to get our new room key. We even used our cell phone to call for a manager and no one showed up. The staff is slow, unhelpful, clueless and rude. The 2nd room we got was more bright and spacious and had sleepnumber beds. But that did not make up for the terrible service this hotel provides.	
Aug 21 2007 	Beautiful	We booked this through Expedia for under $180 a night. Our plane was delayed by 5 hours so we didn't check-in until almost 11:00 p.m. They didn't have the room we paid for so they UPGRADED us. Our room was huge. And the Sleep Number beds are wonderful. The staff was so friendly and the building is beautiful. We asked the doorman for recommendations to get something to eat at midnight and he was so friendly and directed us in the right direction. I believe if you treat people nice they will return it. Check-out was a breeze. The only thing I could find bad was that only two elevators were working. And there was no way I was going to climb that winding staircase up 18 floors, but it sure was nice to look at.	
Aug 15 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	This hotel was an excellent choice. Close to the subway and a short walk from a lot of attractions. I was very happy with the room and the service we were provided. This hotel is one I would use again. We were on the street side and never heard any noise except for one fire truck.	
Aug 14 2007 	Rudest front desk staff I've ever met in a hotel	All front desk staff we interacted with were rude and not personable. (2 women and a male) They all had extremely poor customer skills and attitudes. The special rate we were given when we booked the room was not honored because we did not have the confirmation letter we were supposed to have received (which we did not). I'd advise anyone who feels the need to book a room at this hotel to make sure they receive a confirmation letter or make arrangements to do so before their arrival date.Check in time is 4 p.m. (later than most hotels we've stayed in). I'd advise against anyone trying to check in earlier as they can't accommodate an early arrival let alone a 4 p.m. arrival. Make sure you check out at 11 as I would not put it past them to charge you for an extra night if you were a little late.Hotel was dirty with food trays (food still on them) in the hallway on the floor from check in time until when we arrived back at our room after a late dinner around 9 p.m. AC did not work correctly and the room lacked some of the simple amenities normally found in a hotel room.If you're looking for the following two things: comfortable bed and good location and you can live with what I described above, then by all means this is a hotel for you.	
Aug 3 2007	Shabby not chic	Stayed here for 2 nights in in July 2007. Midtown location is OK but hotel lacks any charm. Not the place if you want somewhere welcoming to come back to after a long day.Room was tiny and 'pump up' bed did not work. Lifts are slow with long waits, decor has seen better days.Check in/out staff cleary used to dealing with volume rather than taking time over welcoming guests.Overall nothing wrong, but nothing to make me go back either	
Jul 12 2007	Ummm.. do jump to stay at this hotel	Stayed here last night and i eager to report of my experience... it was NOT a good one. We got in around 1 pm and tried to check in early and they said we had to wait... which was ok, but then we got back at 4 pm (check in time), it took over an hour to check in. There was only 2 front desk people who weren't te nicest. We were informed parts of the hotel didn't have air conditioning and they gave us ONE free drink coupon at the bar!The experience continues: we walked up to our room and put in the key as normal when we opened, there was a naked man in our room!!! We went back downstairs for the front desk lady to tell us jokingly, she assigned us a taken room.. when we got up to our new room, the cleaning lady was still cleaning.. it was 5:30 at this time. The poor cleaning women didn't even have a cart for his supplies, just a bucket.. in her hurry, we were left with a made bed but used water bottles and tolietries.. i don't blame her but the hotel.. as we were waiting to check in, there was dozens of airline pilots and attendants checking out (5 hours after the supposed check out time of 11). this is why the cleaning people were behind and why many rooms were ready at 4 pm. (on a side note: don't ask my why airlines pay for their crews to take chartered buses to go into the city to stay at a midtown hotel when they could stay at a airpot hotel... the airlines need to look at there overhead )anyways, after that two hours of terror... we had an OK experience... the towels were all different, some super ratty and one was brand new BUT it pilled all over me and i had to take another shower to ge the fuzz out of my hair. the mini bar had cokes for $3 so stock up on a local market. the location was good, that was the best thing about it. i wouldn't stay here again... so, just book with caution..	
Jul 8 2007 	Great location wonderful service 	Having only been to NYC once before (on business), I was VERY nervous about the hotel selection for my return with my husband and 15 year old daughter for the week of Spring Break. I have trusted TripAdvisor for years and this time, really counted on the information about the Radisson's central location which was absolutely true. AAA offered a rate we couldn't refuse. Easy access to the subway, reasonable walking distance to just about everything...shows, food, shopping, Empire State, etc. The concierge (Mike) was a wonderful help from the first night on. Our stay included a free breakfast buffet which was WONDERFUL...a real money saver &amp; the hostess knew us by name by day 2. Front desk was helpful &amp; polite &amp; the back door exits to a small gift shop...a great shortcut to the next street over &amp; lots of fun to visit. Housekeeping was great &amp; checkout-was easy. No surprises. I will absolutely consider this hotel when I visit NYC again &amp; I recommend that you do too!	
Jul 1 2007 	Great location but... go back in time!	Stayed here for a 3-day business trip. Used to Marriott's &amp; Hyatt's, this hotel is not quite up there. Everything was booked so thru AAA, got a $297/night rate which is becoming to be the avg. to stay in NY at a reasonable rate. The room was medium sized (2 full beds) and large for NY standards. But the accs. and furnishings were old and boring. TV reception was pathetic. The worst was the smelly bathroom. Attributed mostly to a moldly shower curtain.Had dinner there as I could not find anything nearby open at 10:15 pm on a Tuesday night. First burger was charred/burnt and had to ask for another one. The 2nd one was raw and still moving!I will not stay here again.	
Jul 1 2007 	Not what we expected	Given the price we paid to stay here for several nights we thought we were going to get a pretty decent hotel room and upon our arrival the hotel seemed fine. It had an okay lobby, but everything after that was downhill. The doorman and the front desk attendants were cold and quite unfriendly (an exception being the bellhops who were refreshingly pleasant and helpful). Also the front desk provided us with inaccurate information about the hotel which proved troublesome. The room itself was small, but that's to be expected; what we didn’t except was the awful bathroom. The tub was stained and damaged like nothing I've ever seen, the bathroom was right next to one of the two very small double beds in our room, which by the way had sheets which were also stained and there were holes in the blankets. The room also felt unclean and icky. Several days later we stayed at a comfort inn which was a big relief from the ickiness of this room. Also there was another door in the room which connected to another hotel room and we could hear our neighbors conversations, at times it was so clear its seemed they were in the room with us, walls were beyond paper thin. NY city is expensive so it's hard to find something reasonably priced, but either we got the worst room in the hotel or we over paid. The local of this hotel is okay, subway close and the hotel is in Korea town which was interesting, good ice cream at a nearby store and several nearby Korean restaurants. Also you can walk around and find lots of food places. The only somewhat good thing about this hotel was the location of on 32nd street, not too far from points of interest, but for most places you still need to get on the subway. Don't go in expecting much at all. Okay for maybe 1 night, but I would not stay here again, there's way better out there.	
Jun 28 2007 	great location	I was afraid to go to this hotel after reading all of the negative reviews. This was my first time at a Radisson, (I typically stay at Westin and Hilton chain hotels). Clean and quaint hotel. Elevators were fine, typical New York City elevators. People that complain about the elevators are silly, they should spend time in other NYC buildings! I was pleasantly surprised, I stayed in a sleep number bed suite. I had a blast! The hotel is very convenient and the staff were very hospitable. Great location, convenient to restaurants, subway stations (around the corner), bus stops, etc. Try Speedys fast food restaurant-excellent!, the hotel's restaurant -Cafe Martinique was fine, although I ordered their soup of the day (granted it was the end of the day), they gave me a bowl of room temperature broth, instead of a hearty soup that I was expecting. It is in a Korean neighborhood which I thought was great, since there isa Korean restaurant onsite, and there is an ice cream shop on the same street that seemed to be the spot to get ice cream. You can't beat being close by to Macy's flagship store (7 floors!) (a must see there is even a floor numbered 1 1/2!). Also, there is a drug store (Duane Reeder?? on the same block (to buy drinks, toiletries, etc), a specialty cosmetic store around the corner, and a quaint small park in the middle of broadway... I'm sorry but you can't beat this hotel. I was going to book at a Westin but so glad I did not since I drove past it and it was right next to a&quot;gentleman's club&quot; .	
Jun 20 2007 	perfectly adequate	I had a fairly small size room, but it was clean, modern and comfortable. The bathroom was clean and had plenty of towels. The air con was a bit noisy - but I could sleep through it. The service was prompt and pleasant. I have no complaints.	
Jun 19 2007 	A room for the night but thats all	My travelling companion and I stayed at this hotel in June and it was very very busy in the sorrounding area, more so than when I stayed 'uptown' 18 months ago. The hotel itself is OK, although the room we were allocated was very dark and the lamp wasn't working. The bathroom you could hardley turn round in as it was so small- but that didn't cause too much concern as we took the view that we were just in our hotel to sleep. At least it was nice and quiet at night considering it was so central. On one hand it is great that it is next to Macy's and the Empire State Bulding is around the corner and Madison Square Gardens is a block away, but on the other hand this makes it so busy. It is difficult to walk out of your hotel in the morning trying to avoid the hoard of tourists who clamber every inch of the pavement. Hustle and bustle is at its premium. Because it is so near the touristy areas, there is little in the way of bars and restaurants nearby. In fact the immediate area outside of the hotel is a bit dingy, so it is a case of having to get on a subway or taxi to either Greenwich Village (which was lovely) or uptown. Having stayed on 57th Street before, near Central Park, I would much prefer that area. It is quieter, slightly more geared up for the more discerning tourist and there are loads of lively bars and restaurants. Even though I was a tourist ion New York, I didn't want to surround myself with other tourists and I especially didn't want to eat a Korean in the nearby vicinity each night.Each to their own - but probably wouldn't stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 18 2007 	Good Hotel Great Location!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel. The staff was very friendly - especially the staff at the concierge desk - particularly one gentleman named Jose. He helped us figure out the subway routes and which stops to get off on and was very helpful. They helped us hail a cab several times as well. Upon arrival they securely stowed our luggage as we arrived before check-in time. The staff in the on-site restaurant were friendly too. The room was a tad small but 90% of the hotel rooms in NYC are small too. It was a good value for the price. It's located right by the subway so it was never difficult to get anywhere as we could hop on the subway literally right outside the front door - which was a great plus I thought! The only minor complaint I would have would be that the thermostat in the room was a bit touchy and it took us about 1 1/2 hours to get the room to a comfy temperature. Other than that, I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 15 2007 	Great location but stay somewhere else	My experience with Radisson hotels is generally very good, but this one is a miss. OK, they have great beds, but that's it. Service is poor. I had a huge corner room with 2 bathrooms, sofa, fridge etc., but no hangers and nowhere to hang my suit! My suggestion is to stay somewhere else.	
Jun 1 2007 	Security Breach at this hotel - exercise extreme caution	Recommend anyone wishing to book to stay at the Radisson Martinique use careful consideration as I stayed there back in April 2007 and had a $ 200.00 pair of shoes stolen from hotel. What's even more disappointing is the extremely poor customer service I have received since then with having to deal with numerous people (being thrown from person to person with no-one in the chain taking accountability) and the hotel chain using classic stalling tactics to brush the whole thing under the carpet.Just writing this as I feel that as a fellow traveller don't want anyone else to go through the hours of various modes of communication that I have had to endure for the hotel still to disregard the matter and not take it seriously.Try Starwood, Marriott and Hilton for better all round security and customer service in case you ever have to deal with a situation like mine.	
May 28 2007 	Yes A Definite Rat Hole	I have to agree with the many previous reviews that although this hotel is in New York and therefore in a great location, it is better to stay elsewhere. The rooms are indeed small and dirty, the restaurant, food and service are truly nasty, the concierge does not know what she is talking about and couldn't care less. The women at the gift shop/sundries bar don't know where the department stores are, won't give you change or directions or the time of day; but they do have a nice brass shingle that says &quot;concierge&quot;. The mini-bar sign sums up the hotel philosophy: basically, don't get comfortable and put your stuff here! The toiletries couldn't be cheaper or more harsh, and at over $400 a night. The elevators are incredibly small, old and overcrowded; the front desk moves at a snail's pace with long line-ups. The door people won't hold the doors open for you especially if you have luggage. The doorman who is supposed to get cabs spends most of his time singing to himself and avoiding you. Front desk treats you like you are some strange interloper and shows no courtesy. A complete crap experience which will sour your visit to a wonderful city.	
May 26 2007	Great Service with a beautiful room	My sister and I and her 2 children spent last Saturday night in NYC at the Radisson on Broadway. We had the greatest time, thanks to the service we received at the Radisson by wonderful man named, Redmond, upon our check in. We had a reservation for a standard room but I asked at check in for a room that would be big enough for the 2 children. Redmond gave us a room with a king size sleep number bed and 2 rollaway beds for the kids on a high floor with a beautiful view of the city. We couldn't have been more pleased. The room was beautiful... The Radisson was very conveniently located 2 blocks from Penn Station and we could see the hotel sign immediately when we walked out of the train station on 7th Avenue....that was a relief for us...I was afraid we wouldn't be able to find it.... It was a short, safe walk to Times Square and the subway was right out front... We loved the Radisson and would stay there again......we were impressed by the service we received from Redmond when we checked in....it made our day!	
May 15 2007 	The Radisson (Rat Hole I Sum!) NYC 32nr 	The Radisson (Rat Hole I Sum!) NYC, 32nr &amp; Broadway This hotel has great potential and an outstanding location. Execution is lacking. Front Desk staff had a pleasant, albeit, New York vibe. The elevators however, are a new twist on Three Card Monty: One had duct tape on the floor, choice number two had squeaks of gerbils on wheels providing vertical lift (thank you Richard Gere), and number three seemed to work just fine. Fat people: Stay away! The size of the room equals New York generosity, Tight! At over $400 USD/night, I have enjoyed an Oakland Ca. Motel 6 that was 1/8 the price and 1/3 bigger. A four-night stay ran over $1,700 USD. Fat people will run away when they see the mini-bar. A sign says ‘Do Not Store Personal Items” on it. It blinks advertising messages and “sales” and “discounts” on the LED display. The in room safe is below and integrated in the mini-bar. How cold! Chrome-Dome: Sometimes you just got to go. While going, I noticed the filth on the chrome drain underneath the sink. Icky! When rates exceed $200/night, a guest should expect body care products of superior (read; Aveda) caliber, not the knock off no name items supplied. They sufficed, yet failed to excel in delivering value. Unacceptable at the rate paid. The balance of the room was fairly void of dirt disasters, but the AC was difficult to operate as was the stops preventing more that a 4” opening of the window overlooking Broadway and the park below.  Access to a subway stop without crossing a street was wonderful. The in house restaurant was marginal, and typical of the Manhattan new food service paradigm: Huge, low quality portions with illegal workers delivering labored English as a second language communication. Bring a Russian interpreter for services; otherwise you’re gambling like a Vegas buffet. Bottom Line: NYC is truly expensive, and if you’re picky, you’ll need to drop several hundred dollars more per night to enjoy satisfaction. This is no deal. Any discounts on shopping you enjoy will be eaten up by outrageous food and lodging costs. Go to Hawaii, the weather and recreation is better.	
May 11 2007	Great hotelexcellent location	My husband &amp; I stayed here for 3 nights ( 4th-6th May ), I have stayed in a few hotels in NYC and was very pleased with our choice at the Radisson Martinique. Excellent location-especially for new visitors to the city, as it is on the doorstep to the subway, a short walk away from the Empire State and 42nd stree/Times Square. The rooms was clean and a decent size for NYC especially as most of the time spent is on sightseeing. We were on the 5th floor and it wasnt especially noisy considering the location and we were able to sleep! The service at the hotel was brilliant, the front desk were very helpful ( printed out addresses of places I was looking to find! ), the gift shop gentleman was always smiling,the bellmen couldnt hav been more helpful and organised a town car to get us to the airport too -very prompt service too! All in all this was an excellent stay!Manchester UK	
Apr 26 2007 	Not a good hotel if you are a business traveler.	Not a good experience. I travel frequently for work and stay at hotels about 150 nights/year. I usually stay at Marriots and Hiltons but they were all booked up for this last minute work trip. I will not be staying at this hotel again! The 'free' wireless was a joke. The signal was so weak in my room that it didn't work. The rate I booked also was supposed to include a free breakfast but upon check-in, they had no idea what I was talking about. The manager finally did provide a coupon for it after I complained. Also, I was under the impression that all rooms would have the Sleep Number bed, which is Radisson's big selling point. This was not the case; I just got a normal, bad hotel bed with typical hotel polyester bedding.	
Apr 20 2007 	Bad service but Great location clean hotel	This is a great hotel with great location. The room was clean and the service at the restaurant was pretty good. But, the services provided by manager (s), bellboys, doorman and what not are just plan bad. Seems like they are just not interested to serve you. It took us 20 minutes to check in because the guy at front desk had to finish 'some stuff' before serving us...so we waited.Other than that, this hotel is worth your money.	
Apr 20 2007 	Fab hotel!	My daughters and I went to New York to celebrate my 50th birthday. RMartinique was highly rated on tripadvisor so I booked it. We were NOT DISAPPOINTED. In fact, we were delighted. From the very first greeting by the cheery doorman to the last farewell, we were made to feel welcome and special. They could not do enough for us, nothing was too much trouble - the hotel's motto seems to be 'no problem!'.The Empire State Bldg is the hotel's back yard, Macy's its front. Other attractions are easily accessible and the subway is right next to the front door - it could not have been better placed.The rooms are airy and spacious by New York standards; the lifts work well; there is a safe in the room for which you have to pay but the safe in the lobby is free and accessible 24-7.The hotel is very flexible - on the last day, the hotel kindly agreed to us checking out at 1200hrs instead of the usual 1100hrs; then we wanted to store our bags till 1700hrs - the hotel kindly obliged again. Remember: 'no problem!'.We had literally lived in Macy's and other similar enticing establishment along 5th Ave so our bags were full to bursting. Understandably, we needed help to take our cases down the steps of the subway at 34th St. A VERY SPECIAL thank you goes to Mickey the Bell Capt (2nd from left in the photo) who smiled and just said, yes you've guessed: 'no problem ma'am'! He got his colleague and together they carried our cases down the blessed steps. This is service beyond the call of duty, for sure, and most appreciated. The only problem I had was that the room did not have a kettle, only a coffee maker so until such time as I got to the hotel restaurant to sample the excellent breakfast which did include tea, I was a tad grumpy in the morningSo: if you want a terrific hotel in the heart of Manhattan and don't want to take out a second mortgage, go to the Radisson Martinique - if you like tea, do take a portable kettle along.And when you see Mickey, tell him we said hello......;-)	
Apr 18 2007 	Loved it!!	What a great hotel! Perfect location - right in the middle of everything. Subway right outside the door. We could see the Empire State Building from our room. It was a small room, but we didn't care. We had enough room for the two of us. Can't comment on any extra service as we didn't require any. The concierge was very nice. They were all very helpful directing us to where we wanted to go. I would absolutely stay here again and would recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 17 2007 	Rude Manager	I stayed one week on April at the Radisson Martinique. It was ok, great location for the money.My only complain is about the Fitness Center, there is NONE, I found a tiny smelly and hot room at the basement with two old treadmills. At check in they give you your key room in a small envelope that says “Our Goal at Radisson is 100% Guest Satisfaction, if you are not satisfied with something, please let us know and we’ll make it right or you won’t pay” It’s a pity the manager never read this. I went to the front desk and talked to him about the lack of fitness center and he couldn’t care less. He was rude and didn’t try to be helpful at all. The rest of the personal at the Hotel is extremely nice.	
Apr 17 2007 	Excellent Hotel	We just returned from a weekend in New York. We stayed at the Radisson for 2 nights. (One of these nights was weather related due to flight cancellation). The check in was quick and efficient. We had booked a standard room. We received free breakfast from AAA. We used the concierge service to book tours and to get directions. The staff was extremely friendly. The doormen were great about hailing taxis for you. The location is great. The rooms are great. There was absolutely no noise which was excellent for such a centrally situated hotel.I would recommend this hotel to couples or families and would definitely stay again!!	
Apr 14 2007 	Excellent hotel in great location.	Stayed in this hotel in April 2007 for 6 nights. The check in was quick and efficient. We had an executive room on the 18 floor which was spacious,clean and had a small kitchen. There was no noise which was excellent for such a centrally situated hotel.Access to the 17th floor executive lounge for complimentary breakfast and evening cocktails etc was exceptional. Very centrally located hotel only 10 mins walk to Times Square and 5 mins to Empire State. Would recommend this hotel to couples or families and would definitely stay again!!	
Apr 2 2007 	Excellent for a travellers hotel in New York	We stayed for five nights from 21st to 26th March 2007.We were pleasantly surprised as normal 3 star New York hotels offer postage stamp size rooms. Ours was clean and spacious with comfortable amenities. The staff were friendly, polite and helpful.The location of the hotel is excellent offering a subway station just outside that has direct lines to uptown Central Park &amp; Bloomingdales as well as direct services downtown to Ground Zero, Brooklyn Bridge, China Town &amp; Little Italy.Macey's, Penn Station, Empire State Building &amp; Times Square are all within walking distance.A money saving tip if you are flying into JFK is take the Sky Train to Jamaica and then pick up the Long Island Rail Road into Penn. If you are lucky the journey take about forty minutes and costs $10 per person instead of the $70 cab fare. Only do this if you have a minimal amount of luggage.On the whole we would thouroughly recommend this hotel if you are looking for a good travellers hotel in New York. Do look around for deals, we got five nights for the price of four, as the normal starting prices are high even for New York.	
Mar 30 2007 	A central hotel close to everything	This a centrally located hotel within easy access to all the New York sights, the Empire State Building is right behind on the next block and is open until 2am ideal for insomniacs. We arrived at the hotel at 12.15am and were unable to have the room which we originally booked through the agent, no change was available as the hotel was full on the Sat night. We were changed the next day for the rest of of our stay together with full buffet breakfast which compensated us for the loss of the exec room for the first night. Hotel is comfortable, the number sleep beds are great, the staff very friendly, lifts are a little slow and creak under little weight, breakfast was plentiful and the staff most helpful and friendly.Concierge was very helpful with tours on our first morning. Take the two day bus pass and do all the loops, they really give you a good view of the city and if you want to go back to a certain attraction you can either hop off the bus or walk. Yes walk, every where is within walking distance. There is a subway station at the corner of the block under the hotel and the subway is as safe as the London Underground, we travelled back from South Ferry Terminal to Penn St Station $2 for a single ride anywhere not bad @ £1 to $1.9. If you have a late flight back after the 11am check out the Bell captain will look after your cases until you get picked up, they will even call for the shuttle you've booked when they dont turn up on time. Full marks to that.	
Mar 27 2007 	Acceptable but lacking	Stayed Friday and Saturday nights, Location is great, staff friendly courteous, had to call to have maid service at Sat. 6:00 pm. cereal available Sat. am but not Sunday am. I've had better for $400 a night but it is New York...	
Mar 20 2007 	Five stars!!	The Radisson Martinique is absolutely awesome. It's a little more expensive than other hotels in the area, but it's worth it. As a jetlagged traveller, it was just wonderful to get to my room to find a comfy, clean bed, a bathtub, cable TV and free wireless internet access. The breakfast was amazing - a full American and Continental breakfast served in the restaurant.The staff were very friendly and helpful. It's in a great location, too - there's a subway stop right underneath the hotel, and it's only 1 block from Penn Station, Madison Square Garden and Macy's.	
Mar 17 2007 	Enjoyed Our Stay	I recently stayed with a friend from out of town at the Radisson Martinique for a leisurely weekend. We were originally booked at another &quot;hotel&quot; on the upper west side (but that wound up being a mess). So we had to find another hotel quickly and fortunately, the Radisson was very accommodating. They took us on short notice (same day). We got a great AAA rate, and the staff was very friendly. The lobby was very nice, the check-in was smooth, the hotel was very well maintained and our room was spacious, clean and well furnished. We even got full complimentary buffet breakfasts for two, for the entire weekend. The room service food wasn't great, but the restaurant itself was good. The neighborhood is right in the heart of midtown's action - close to everything...fun nightlife, great shopping, and a good multicultural vibe of people. There seems to be a big Asian community in the area, so the Korean and Sushi restaurants, bars and clubs are very authentic. Our stay was fun and very comfortable. I highly recommend it.	
Feb 28 2007 	Great location good hotel	After staying in a rubbish hotel down the road for one night, the Radisson seemed like an oasis!The conceirge was helpful, the rooms clean and breakfast good but not outstanding. The room had everything you would want, and although my room was not very spacious it was very comfortable.It was a nice and consistent chain hotel, in an excellent location. I would recommend!	
Feb 26 2007 	Busy Hotel Busy Location	The Martinique is a busy hotel, at a very busy corner. The hotel sits diagonally across from Macy's and right on top of the a Subway entrance for 34th St Station. The immediate street is loaded with Korean restaurants, many open 24/7. Since we were with children, we were not given permission to try any of them. But their menu's looked good and prices were reasonable.The room was clean, the beds were comfortable and the heat worked well. Only issue was that a lot of water dripped out of the shower no matter how carefully we adjusted the curtain.The staff was helpful and polite. We asked them to hold on to our bags until later in the night on the last day of our stay. Didn't eat anything at the hotel, since there were so many other options across the street or around the corner. Only issue was that we didn't receive a non-smoking room as we had booked. We opened a window to air out the room and weren't really bothered but there was a tobacco smell in the corridor. We didn't feel like changing rooms since we were only staying for two nights.	
Feb 11 2007 	Good hotel but slightly overpriced	I stayed one night at Radisson Martinique in NYC in the middle of the summer in July. I got a room very high in the building with an amazing view and a quite spacious room to be a single room with all the nescesary ammendants with and luxurious bathroom. The location is absolutely brilliant and the staff is absolutely outstanding. The only things I could complain about is that there was some problems with the Mini-bar that was locked by remote and couldn't be opened even by the staff, that there was no breakfast included with such a high price and that it was, like I experience every Radisson Hotel to be, very overpriced in accordance to what you get. But don't get me wrong, it's really a luxurious hotel, but that thing with the breakfast made me dissapointed.	
Jan 20 2007 	great stay great location	Have always stayed at Crown Plaza in Times Square. This time stayed here for a change. This hotel is excellent. Was remodeled last year very nicely. Very clean rooms, quite at night, and gracious staff. I preferred it for location, price, and service. Subway station outside door about 20 yards. Great Korean resturant next door. Spent 5 days here Jan 11-15 and will stay here again. Easy walk up Broadway or Ave of Americas to Times Sq (10 blocks). Very clean streets and well lit even at 4am. Empire State Bldg next block over, Macy's across street.	
Jan 17 2007 	I loved this place!	I've stayed at a lot of hotels in NYC and except for the Ritz, this is my favorite! The location is so central and easy to travel from. You can jump on the subway or catch a cab right out front.I ended up with a handicapped accessible room and it was huge...especially the bathroom. It was also very clean and the beds were comfortable.I had no problem checking in early.The restaurant downstairs was perfect for breakfast.The one bad thing I could say is that the walls are a bit thin so if your neighbors are loud you are going to hear them.	
Jan 16 2007	Loved the Radisson Martinique	Met every expectation. Paid £75 per night for a double room for 4 nights.Location was superb! Housekeeping excellent. We weren't flying home until late on the last night and were offered a late check out for £45 which allowed us to use the room until 6pm! (we could have checked out at 1pm at no additional cost.)Would definitely recommend this hotel for those wanting to stay in the heart of NYC.	
Jan 14 2007 	New Year	We weren't sure what to make of the Martinique as quite a few of the reviews painted a picture of chaos, but our travel agent has never let us down, so we arrived on the 27th December. We turned up just before 4pm &amp; booked in straight away &amp; went to our room on the sixth floor. I had asked for a quiet room because of other reviews, the room was fine &amp; a reasonable size but had no view. This was our first visit to New York so we weren't too bothered as long as the room was clean. First impressions were not that good, the lobby was small &amp; very busy with a lot of flight crew. The bar &amp; restaurant was all very open &amp; could do to be sectioned off to give a more intimate feel. We had a meal that night in the hotel &amp; were happy with the service &amp; quality. The following morning we had breakfast at the 1st floor restaurant. $15 for the buffet was more than we needed but the service &amp; food we had was ok. We did see one of the waiters completely ignore a guest &amp; refuse to even discuss there request. There did seem to be a bit of tension so I can't comment on what lead up to this but no one forced these people to become waiters or work in the service industry &amp; to ignore the very people who contribute to there wages by staying in the hotel is completely unacceptable. We decided that we would eat out after this. On consecutive days we had to chase housekeeping as our room hadn't been cleaned by late afternoon, this was after informing them earlier in the day. On one occasion we talked to housekeeping twice &amp; then contacting the reception desk. The mini bar, which we found to be fine &amp; offered $15 credit if you spent $15, was never restocked the whole of our stay. Check your bill on departure as the $15 credit wasn't included in our bill but was deducted when pointed out, I put it down to an oversight. We found the concierge to be very helpful &amp; used them to book tickets to the Empire State &amp; Statue of Liberty (take the advice, get there early to beat the queues). The best thing about the hotel is its location, come out of the hotel &amp; turn right onto Broadway &amp; Macys, turn left &amp; walk to 5th Avenue. The Empire State is only a block &amp; a half up 5th &amp; next door is the Heartland Pub &amp; Restaurant. This place was great for food &amp; service, we ate here quite a lot. Times Square is a 10min walk up Broadway as is Bryant Park. We walked up Broadway to Central Park &amp; down 5th, quite a walk but a great way to see the city, we did this several days stopping for lunch &amp; visiting stores. The restaurant in Macys is worth a visit any time but especially for breakfast as is Andrews Coffee Shop &amp; the Brooklyn Diner. We had lunch at the Stage Deli, it was ok but could do with a make over &amp; is maybe living on its reputation. If you go to Macys make sure to pick up an International Savings Card for 11% discount. This review may not sound very good about the hotel but to be honest it's not as bad as some of the other reviews &amp; most of the staff were very friendly &amp; helpful. The location is excellent &amp; we felt very safe especially at night when security check everyone coming into the hotel. When we go back to NYC we will probably try another hotel but would be happy to stay here again. If you go for New Year as a couple or group of friends then try to stay right in Times Square, after 6pm you can't get near. Taxis from JFK are $45 + tolls ($49), we flew back from Newark &amp; that was $65 arranged by the Doorman.	
Jan 4 2007 	This place is AWFUL	Ok, so we knew we'd have to pay an arm and a leg to stay anywhere in Manhatten during New Year's Eve, but we expected at least a clean environment. Due to severe asthma, I made a point on contacting the hotel prior to the stay and requesting a non-smoking room. Well, the room was techincally a non-smoking room, but due to the ventilation in the building and the lack of constant circulation to filter the air, our non-smoking room became a nasty smoking room in the late evenings. When we called downstairs for help with the situation, they offered air freshener! Finally, we did get a maintenance man to unbolt the window and tuen on the heat. When we told the manager about this, he was very accusatory and doubting of our experience. For over $500 a night, I'd expect a bit more! The food was awful in the restaurant as was the service. In fact, most of the staff was rude except for the front doormen who were very helpful and friendly. Stay away from this lemon....great location, but you'd be better off a bit farter away and with something that didn't smell like a 20 year old ashtray.	
Jan 1 2007 	Great Location awful service	Stayed here over New Years 2006. Will not return. Pro: -Just off of time square-Accommodated an early check-in.Cons:-No service what so ever. Never once had a doorman open a door or offer to help with the luggage. Neither housekeeping, room service or the concierge would provide a corkscrew to open a bottle of wine (we had to carry the bottle to the hotel restaurant and back up to the room). Called the concierge to look up time and location of a movie for us, and her response was we have to come down and purchase a news paper for fifty cents if we want that information.-Very very small rooms. (Can not fit 2 queen beds, 3 people max with roll away.)-Did not have sleep number beds in our room 1034.-Heater unit in the room couldn't get the room above 70 degs F. Was even colder closer to the room's window.-Charges for use of the room safe and room refrigerator is actually a vending machine that charges as soon as something is removed from it. No room to fit anything in it except maybe a sandwich turned sideways. -Business center would not provide or loan a pen to write down location of restaurants on our street map. (We were looking them up online because we gave up using the concierge for anything).	
Dec 28 2006 	Above average. Especially for a Radisson	We want to like Radissons. For Minnesotans like us they’re the hometown hotel chain and we desperately want them to succeed. Unfortunately, too often they end up being a step (Or two. Or three) behind their peers at Hilton or Crowne Plaza. That’s why the Radisson Martinique was such a nice surprise. All of the hotel’s elements we experienced were well maintained and perfectly acceptable.The lobby: Least impressive of the hotel’s attributes was the lobby. The small lobby is entered off 32nd street and while it was not crowded while we were there, I can see it becoming a zoo if a large group was checking in or out. The business center: We didn’t bring the laptop (We wanted to take a weekend off work) so we never tried the in-room internet. But we did check our e-mail using the free computers in the small business center off the lobby. Bonus to the hotel for not charging.The fitness center: Tiny. And under equipped. Still, there was a stylish and recently remodeled one available in the basement. And given the space limitations in Manhattan, a gym that would be underwhelming anywhere else was acceptable.Restaurant: While we didn’t eat there, the restaurant appeared stylish and even had a separate entrance on Broadway. Across the street is the Manhattan Mall which has a decent food court on the basement level.Location: Outstanding. Seriously top notch. Exiting the lobby you have to watch your step or you’ll fall into a subway entrance. (34th street on the yellow lines.) The hotel is only a few blocks from Penn Station. Macy’s is a block away, the Manhattan Mall is across the street and Times Square is a 10 minute walk north.The room: Fine and a generous size for Manhattan. I’m not certain exactly what type of room we ended up in, but we were very satisfied with what we got. We had reserved a ‘basic” room using a free stay coupon. I suspect we were upgraded (The clerk had to ask a manager before putting us in it). We ended up on the 16th floor in a room with a small kitchenette area and recently remodeled décor. We saw no signs of wear in the room at all. For that matter, the we didn’t see any wear in the hotel. Our complaints were a matter of personal style more than any deficiency with the hotel. We prefer the stylish urban earth tones that Hyatt and W emphasize. The Radisson, however, was done in the upscale suburban Atlanta décor that Marriott seems to prefer. Our king size bed was a Sleep Number with clean white bedding. While we want to love the Sleep Number bed (another Minnesota company), we don’t. The first time I slept in one I was alone and it was fine. But as a couple……alas, it seemed designed to push us apart. There seems to be a ridge running down the center and along the edges as well. So no matter how you adjust the mattress firmness you still fell like you’re sleeping in a pair of shallow boxes. The room had a pullout couch and a TV with no armoire. Had we pulled the couch out we would have needed to climb over it to get from one end of the room to the other. Finally there was a small alcove area with no door that served as the closet. The most disappointing part of the room was that the view was of an airshaft. Still, we had two windows to view it from. I asked the maid if all of the rooms were renovated and she told me “No, not all are.” However, the front desk told me that all rooms had indeed been renovated. I would tend to believe the maid. So I suggest asking for a “recently” renovated room. I suspect the nicest rooms have the Sleep Number beds in them. Pity. The bathroom: Fine. And average. The sink was marble and we had a tub, but it was still a little cramped. It came stocked with the full compliment of Asira toiletries (Which seems to be the Radisson house brand as well as a knock off of Aveda toiletries. Which is, in turn, another Minnesota company. I’ll bet you had no idea how many Minnesota companies there are!)The staff: No complaints. We were not allowed to check in immediately upon arrival at noon, but they had a room for us by 2pm. And while I wouldn’t call the front desk staff “warm” they weren’t openly hostile and did their jobs efficiently. One thing worth noting is the hotel entrance policy. At night they really do check to make certain you’re a guest as you walk in. Even at midnight we were asked to show our key. Some might find this comforting although I personally was irritated by it. It’s not like a prostitute could get into the hotel and conduct business. Not with Sleep Number beds in the room preventing it.Overall: A perfectly sane choice in New York. We found it to be clean, renovated and containing all of the required amenities. And the location was excellent. I’d stay there again without hesitation.	
Dec 21 2006 	Average hotel great location.	Stayed here for 4 nights last year. The best thing about this hotel is its location; very handy for Maddison Square Gardens, the Empire State Building and Macy's. Whilst the staff was friendly and helpful the hotel itself we found to be pretty basic and in need of refurbishment. Our room, although spacious and reasonably clean, just felt shabby. The dining room seemed dark and uninviting so we didn't use it, preferring to breakfast at one of the many good cafes in the area.You can pretty much walk everywhere from this hotel. We walked to 42nd Street to see The Producers, walked to Times Square for dinner in the Bubba Gump Shrimp Co Restaurant (complete tourist trap but fun), and walked with our Big Apple Greeter (volunteer New Yorkers who show visitors around for half a day - definitely worth arranging before you go) to Greenwich Village and Chinatown. We loved New York and are planning to return next year. We will not however be staying at the Radisson Martinque. It wasn't bad but, apart from location, has little to recommend it.	
Dec 18 2006 	Overall a good experience	After reading some of the reviews on this site I was a little apprehensive, but I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. The location is hard to beat - right at Herald Square. The front desk staff, although a little slow at check-in, and the bell staff we very helpful. The rooms were clean and a decent size for New York standards.Elevators are very slow, and one of the three was out of order for the entire weekend, but that was our only real inconvenience, which wasn't much of one at all.We arrived very late - around midnight - and had booked two rooms. Much to my surprise, we were still assigned rooms right next to each other.I would certainly stay here again.	
Dec 14 2006 	Fine Experience...	We stayed at The Radisson Martinique on a last minute journey into the city for one night.Check-in was complicated by a huge number of teenagers, part of a tour group, running wild. The check-in lobby had a stale, sewage-like smell that became unbearable as we waited (and never disappeared throughout our stay). Then, our room wouldn't open. However, the staff was SUPERB in taking care of our frustrations- they put us in a penthouse room.The room was much nicer than the lobby- clean and airy. Rather small by Ohio standards, but we knew to expect that in NYC. Most notable about the room was the Sleep Number bed, adjustable to your liking in softness/hardness. This hotel sits right on the edge of Koreatown, and we ate at a lovely Korean restaurant a few stores down. We were able to comfortably walk to Times Square, and there's a subway station right on the corner of the hotel also.Make sure to visit the cheap Jewelry District right near the hotel- wonderful deals on costume jewelry.	
Dec 10 2006 	Hated the Hotel - Loved the Doorman!	Pretty disappointing experience. The only positive was the doorman - great guy! Our room was freezing - it appeared to have a motion sensor so the heat wouldn't go on unless you waved your arms in front of the thermostat. The room was so small that 2 people couldn't be in the bathroom at the same time. Housekeeping didn't bother showing up at all one day to clean the room. The food and service at the restaurant was terrible. The chandelier in the lobby has about a quarter-inch of filth hanging on it, and the restaurant restroom was filthy. Poor management. We would not recommend this hotel.	
Dec 1 2006 	Good location	We stayed here during the NY Marathon, when it was nearly impossible to find a room under $400-$500 per night. After reading reviews I was uneasy, but pleasantly surprised. My fiance and I are seasoned travellers and tend to stay more upscale, but not for this trip where we did not plan to spend much time in the room. We did however require Mid-town Manhatten.All staff that we encountered we very friendly. We recieved an upgrade to a room that included a couch with pull-out. That said, the room was fairly large for NY standards. The finishings etc are average and the view was of a brick wall, but really, who cares? You're not in NY to sit in your room and look out the window!I would have no problem recommending ths room for those looking for a decent, average (no-frills) place to stay. Just make sure you request a room away from the elevator. i heard it whirring all night and often woke up to it.	
Nov 23 2006 	you can do better	The housekeeping service is very rude, they will wake you up every morning demanding to be let in.The ventilation is horrible in the rooms, and we stayed when it was chilly---the heating went from cold to hot, so we were either freezing or stuffed.The front desk confused our reservation, and we were originally placed on an all-smoking floor.Overall, this was an unpleasant experience. The only highlight of this place is its location, and even then there are better places for much better prices out there.	
Nov 22 2006 	Great at the right price	Like most things I guess it's all down to money. I was really lucky, I had originally booked this hotel when it was a Holiday Inn at the Wexas rate of 170 dollars and Radisson were good enough to honour this even though the cheapest rate had gone up to 360 dollars. It was close to Thanksgiving!For 170 it is great value but not for the man in the lift I heard saying to his colleague, 'I'm not staying in this crappy hotel again for 400 a night'. It is a clean hotel and the rooms are a pretty good size. The buffet breakfast is basic but good value. There is a reasonable coffee shop and small bar. However the two things that stand out are its excellent location (it's minutes from Macys and the Empire State Building) and the friendly and helpful staff.So I'd stay again if I could get a rate of 250 dollars or so a night.	
Nov 1 2006 	Great location friendly staff	We were having a reunion of sorts in NYC, there were four of us from Canada, who hadn't seen each other in years. We booked the Radison through Priceline, so it came at a decent price. The room was small, but just fine- 2 double beds, and a rather small bathroom for 4 women. There were lots of towells. The hotel was very quiet, and in such a great location for exploring the city. The hotel staff, like everyone we met in NYC, were helpful, friendly, and very accomodating. We checked out and left our luggage on our last day, and the bell captain was extremely helpful in helping us figure out how to get to JFK. We didn't eat in the restaurant, but discovered Speedy's across from the hotels, which had great breakfasts. Would stay there again, as long as the price was right.	
Oct 29 2006 	Average Hotel Would Not Stay Here Again	My wife and our two small children stayed here in October of 2006. We took Amtrak to the city and then took the subway to the hotel, the subway stops right accross the street from the hotel. Upon entering security asked us, &quot;are you staying here&quot; very rudely. I said we are checking in. He then proceeded to watch us walk to the front desk. My wife and I both were required to show ID to check in. Every time we left the hotel and returned, which was several times, we had to show ID at the door. This is unacceptable to me as a guest. If they have this much of a security problem then they should hire more security staff. Also you are not allowed to have any guests past midnight!! This is absurd. I have paid for the room and it should belong to me. The room was average and showing some wear. The beds were not comfortable and the bathroom small. The wireless internet was almost unusable. I would not stay here again.	
Oct 24 2006 	Loved our stay at the Radisson Martinique	The hotel was beautiful and very reasonable in price. The rooms were small but really nice and comfortable. The Sleep Number bed was a treat. The room was super clean, the staff was very friendly and helpful in directions, suggestions and getting us around. The hotel is in a great location for walking to alot of tourist attractions. Time Square, Empire State Building, Fashion Dist. and Macy's. We really enjoyed our stay at the Radisson and will stay again when we go for another visit as well as tell our friends to stay there. I highly recommend it. I do not however recommend the resturant that is in the hotel. We ate there one night late and it was horrible. Expensive, terrible service and the food wasn't good. Hotel Excellent...........Resturant....Not Good	
Oct 21 2006 	A slew of minor frustrations	Stayed on business, 4 nights midweek in October '06. First the good...The room was not large, but not tiny either, as many in NYC are. The room was quiet, no problems with either street noise nor with staff &amp; guest noise. It was decently furnished, and well-located just off Herald Square. That said, a slew of service issues will keep me from returning. The biggest problem for me was that the in-room wireless internet was nearly unusable (#1). Despite an &quot;excellent&quot; signal and an 11 mbps connection, most web sites were very slow to respond and many timed out. I called the front desk, and they gave me the toll free number for help, but I couldn't write it down, because there was no pen in the room (#2). Three calls to the help line over two days failed to resolve the problem, which they admitted was on their end.I thought I might try dial-up instead, but nowere in the room was the usual card showing local phone costs (#3). Inquiring at the front desk, I was told the rates, and per-minute charges on local calls start after just 10 minutes (#4). That could have made for an unpleasant surprise at checkout.There were other service problems besides the telecom. When I checked into the room, half the lamps were unplugged (#5). The lightswitch by the door did not control any lights, but did shut off power to the alarm clock (#6). And the housekeeping always shut off all the lights, so on return, you had to walk thru a dark room to find a lamp to turn on.On my 2nd day, I got back after work to find a light on, only because my room had not been serviced at all (#7). They promised to send housekeeping right up, but it was almost an hour before they came.I expect issues like these at lesser independent hotels around Manhattan, but for a national chain, that is priced comparably to the Marriott's and Sheratons on the island, it's disappointing. I will look elsewhere for my next NYC trip.	
Oct 19 2006 	An Ok Hotel but ...	The Martinique on Broadway is a well located midtown hotel, one block away from the Empire State and Macys. It is within walking distance of Times Square. We tried to check in at 2.00pm, but were told the room was not ready and to come back at 4.00pm. When we returned the receptionist still had a struggle to find us a room. Overall the reception desk was not a welcoming experience. The room we had was a triple. It was small, containing two narrow double beds. Decor was a little tired and the bathroom had seen better days. The good news was that it was at the rear of the hotel away from the traffic noise.Avoid the mini-bar - $3.25 for a can of soda! There is a Duane Reade drugstore virtually next door charging the proper prices.Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was adequate, but expensive. Better to find a diner for better value.Overall an OK experience, but could have been better. The Virgin Atlantic cabin crew that flew us over stayed there so it can't be all bad.	
Sep 19 2006 	Excellent NYC hotel!!!!	I was long-planning a trip to NYC with 2 other friends. Neither of us really knew where we should be staying, but a co-worker of mine recommended we stay at the Radisson Martinique on Broadway. I was a little apprehensive because of some of the negative reviews I've read on this site, but she assured me it was a great place to stay. So I took it upon myself to suggest it to my friends, and they said they would take my word for it... which made me nervous. I was afraid we were gonna end up in a squatty, unclean hotel with unfriendly staff - imagine my relief when we got there and saw how great it actually was!! The room was spacious and spotless (and the windows were as clean as they could be for Midtown Manhattan). The air conditioning worked perfectly (important for a trip to NYC in August). There was always an abundance of clean towels and toiletries, and housekeeping always kept our room looking and feeling great. We were only there for 5 days, but by the time we left, the staff in the hotel shops knew us by name and took a genuine interest in our trip and where we were visiting from; and the doormen/security were so friendly and always had a smile when they saw us. Speaking of security, it's very effective in this hotel. Nobody gets through the doors without being greeted by a plesant doorman or security guard. They would either ask to see a room key or they would inquire about your business in the hotel if you weren't a guest. We didn't spend much time in our room... just long enough to get a little sleep and get ready to go out again. The little time we did spend was comfortable and relaxing, the high-speed wireless internet access was an asset, and room-service/food was fabulous. The hotel was in such a great location!! Sitting on top of major subway routes and beneath the enormous Empire State Building. It was surrounded by great shopping, cafes, restaurants and clubs; and just minutes away from... well... EVERYTHING!! Walking distance from Times Square, quick subway rides to lower Manhattan or Uptown (or you could take a cab between this hotel and just about anywhere in Manhattan for less than $10). It's hard to squeeze NYC into a 5-day trip, but the central location of this hotel made it easy to do so much!It was a little expensive at just over $250CDN/night, but it was clean, safe, comfortable, quiet and convenient. New York is an expensive city, this hotel is not THAT expensive in comparison. I would definitely stay there again, and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 14 2006 	Okay stay	We booked this stay last minute while already in New York and in need of a getaway from the family in Queens... so we were a little desperate and probably willing to overlook some things. When we arrived (10 a.m.) the front lobby was quite cramped with arriving guests and of course we were told to return after 4pm to check in. Once we returned we quickly got to our room which did have the odour of smoke but we were too tired to call down to get it changed. Caveat emptor.Of note the hotel is in the area known as Little Korea to the locals; a few streets surrounding have Korean groceries/cosmetics stores etc which were interesting. These did not impact on our stay in any way. We saw an asian action movie being shot at 4am on the street in front of the hotel!Overall an okay hotel with a good location, but it is 10+ blocks from Times Square and worth the 3 or 4 subway stops especially if you're in heels ladies... A fine stay but if you have the opportunity, shop around as others have suggested.	
Sep 8 2006 	Quality Hotel in Herald Square	The hotel is the former Holiday Inn located in Herald Square. It's a very busy section on NYC, much like the craziness of Time Square with a more urban, youthful demographic. It's a unique and interesting neighborhood, centrally located to the subway, Madison Square Garden, and Macy's. I got to the hotel at 5 PM an hour after the official check in time. I did check in on line the night before but one needs to stop by the desk to get the room key and show id. The small lobby was packed with airline crews and foreign tour groups. After maneuving my way through the crowd I felt fortunate their was no line to check in. I walked up to the desk which was staffed by two clerks. I said I checked in online and requested a quiet two double bedded room with a sleep number bed the hotel advertises in &quot;some&quot; of the rooms. The clerk said she only had a sleep number bed in a king bedded room. That was fine by me and actually my requests were granted. My room had a pull out sofa bed along with a comfortable, well appointed king size bed. I wanted an extra bed in case a local friend wanted to stay over. The check in clerk was a very nice woman who did mention my Priceline status upon check-in. After talking my credit card info, she pointed me to one of the two elevator banks. I was assigned Room 924 which faced inwards to a courtyard. I was nicely surprised when I opened the door. The room was large by NYC standards and had minibar, a large desk, two phones, tv, and microwave. The sofa was nice and would serve as another bed if needed. The king sleep number bed was great. The bed linens were of decent quality and the color scheme was a pleasant white with blue and yellow trim. The bed was remarkably comfortable once I figured out how to use the controls. The bathroom was fairly standard stocked with Radisson bath products. The shower/tub was clean and the towels were soft. Also, this hotel has free wi-fi in the rooms. I really like not having to pay to use the internet. There was plenty of light in the room and the curtains shut out any sunshine for good sleeping. Hotel security checked to see if I had my room key each time I entered the hotel. I appreciated that level of service especially in such a busy area. Furthermore, there is a all purpose restaurant on site, a very small fitness room with limited equipment, and a business center that I did not use. I did not order room service either. There is a good pizza place and deli up the street. Fast food places surround the hotel as well.Oh yeah the gift shop cashier acts as the conceirge. That is kind of funny to see in action but can lead to long wait when buying a newspaper or bottled water. Moreover, the air conditioner in this room could have been stronger even after a maintenance man took a look at it. In addition, the tv reception could have been clearer. I wish the elevators ran faster and where a bit larger too. Yet, in spite of the busy neighborhood and some small little things, this hotel was a winner for me. I got it for $150 a night but noticed another bidder got this property for $135 on the same nights as my stay. His post was closer to the date of our arrival.The Radisson Martique on Broadway is a well run, nicely kept three star quality hotel. It is not as nice as the Hilton Times Square which is a four star property but certainly superior to the small pathetic rooms at the three star Paramount. If the Radisson Martique remains on PL, I would continue to avoid 3* MTW and bid 3* MTS along with a few other zones.I would be very happy to stay at the Radisson Martinque on Broadway. I felt I got a very good deal for NYC.	
Aug 29 2006 	Decent midtown price/value	I stayed for a couple nights on a business/pleasure trip at the Radisson Martinique and thought it was a pretty decent value for the money (what do you expect for 240$ a night in New York!?!)It is very very well located, within 5 minutes walking distance of Penn Station and right next to the Empire State Building. It was also an easy walk to Times Square and the Broadway Theaters.The rooms were allright, nothing spectacular. The staff was friendly and helpful, though I didn't request anything very special.If you can get a good price, I would reccomend this hotel for a weekend in the city or a business trip.	
Aug 18 2006 	Look Elsewhere - Sub-par	Long story short - I booked this through Priceline, sort of last minute at $200 a night and didn't really expect much. Needed a place in Midtown for work.I had a sub-par experience. I was given a non-smoking room that reeked of smoke and had to switch. Bell/luggage service was very slow. The room itself looked more like a Holiday Inn in Cinncinnatti or Altoona, Pa. than a Radisson in mid-town Manhattan. Soft pillows, only two, and a hard bed. Overall, very sparse. This is disappointing considering I stayed at a different Raddisson only a week earlier. The other one was at, I believe 50th or 51st and 3rd Ave. Much better, cleaner, etc. So, this hotel should be a second tier choice or choice of last resort if you plan on spending ANY time at all in the hotel/your room. It will NOT fulfill any romantic ideas of a cool, mid-town hotel/experience.However, I must credit the desk staff which was attentive and helpful. So, I think they have good/OK people here. The property is just tired.	
Aug 18 2006 	OK nothing special	Stayed at the Radisson Martinique over the weekend July 15/16 2006.I booked the hotel through Radisson's central telephone booking service, &amp; asked for a hotel central to Times Square. The night I was booking, I had no internet available &amp; phoned all the main hotel chains. The operator assured me that this hotel was near Times Square, and that it was a new Radisson hotel, so was great value. Both of these were grossy misleading: the hotel is not near Times Square: its almost at the foot of the Empire State building, and it is not a new hotel: it used to be a Holiday Inn, and looks fairly dated, with mismatching wall paper, carpets etc.The rooms were rather old fashioned, and the bathroom small and in need of some TLC. The hotel was clean enough, and although not to my taste, it was serviceable and relatively inoffensive. I wouldn't stay again, but if you're just looking for an average price, average place to lay your head, its probably OK. A number of the airline crews stay there, we noticed. Its also a hell of a lot better than the nearby Pennsylvania, where we had previously stayed.A word of caution: if you eat either breakfast or dinner in the hotel restaurant, watch out for the service charge, which they'll include automatically in the bill. They shouldn't do this, but we didn't realise &amp; ended up paying heftily for some really so-so service.	
Aug 14 2006 	Clean and friendly	My daughter and I just spent a wonderful weekend at this comfortable, scrupulously clean and friendly hotel. The staff, from the front desk to the bellmen, were all very friendly and helpful. We asked for directions, for subway, walking and driving and were given accurate directions cheerfully. Our room was comfortable and while we did not have much of a view, it was extremely quiet which was more important to us after our busy days. The location, right near shopping, Penn Station and subway lines, was ideal. A restaurant on the ground floor was convenient. We would highly recommend this hotel, and we plan to stay here again.	
Jul 25 2006 	got stuck in elevator for an hour with out ventilation	on july 23 we were checking out the elevator gets stuck with 3 other guys and no kind of fan. and when i get out i was not offered any water but one guy went to the hospital for heat exhaustion. joevargas@gmail.com	
Jul 20 2006 	Not bad - but overpriced	Great location if its your first time to NYC. Right in the middle of it all (note, this used to be called the Holiday Inn until a few weeks ago).Service was fine - generally friendly. Rooms were clean, up-to-date and comfortable BUT our room was small and the bathroom was tiny. Stayed at a few other hotels in NYC that werent the same class but actually had much larger rooms for a cheaper price. Try Hotel31 or Hotel17 - both great locations and larger rooms for at least 1/3 of the price.Overall a good experience, but not the best value.	
Jul 19 2006 	Great Location - Terrible Service	My daughter and I stayed here from June 28 - July 2nd. Our trip to NYC was her highschool graduation gift. We too were surprised to learn that the hotel had changed names from the Holiday Inn to the Raddison that very day. I was very nervous when we arrived, afraid our reservations would be lost in &quot;change-over&quot; land, but they weren't. Everything was set up as we planned. We didn't arrive until after 8:00 p.m., so I am guessing we missed all of the commotion and delays those arriving earlier in the day encounted (I guess it is a good thing the airline lost our luggage :). Our room was on the eleventh floor. Frustrated from dealing with the airline over lost luggage. We were just happy to have a room! The location was great, and the doorman was very helpful in pointing us in the right direction of a close, good, and not too expensive restuarant for dinner. We found Walgreen's around the corner, loaded up on basics - in hopes our luggage would arrive the next day. Walked back to the hotel and turned in for the night. All night long we heard the toilet cut on and run for about 30 seconds every five minutes or so ..... very annoying. We learned quickly to close the door so not hear that. The next morning, we were pleased to find out that our luggage had been delivered by the airline during the night, so after a quick trip downstairs to get our luggage we were ready to shower and prepare for our adventures in NYC. Well .... no washcloths, we made do for the morning, and called down to the front desk to have them bring some up when they cleaned our room. When we returned to the room later in the day to shower, and freshen up for a show we were going to see - still no wash cloths. So, I again called housekeeping, they said they would bring some up... waited for 45 minutes, and again had to make do - or miss our show. Before leaving the room, I made a call to the front desk to complain about the wash cloths - he mentioned that they were running short on these, but would try to get some up to us. Oh, and did I forget to mention, the tub would not drain, by the time you finished showering you were standing ankle deep in water. Called 3 times about this, and they toilet that nearly overflowed 3 times before someone came to work on it. By the last day we had wash clotths, a tub that would drain, and a toilet that would flush ... oh the luxuries!I did like the fact that they always asked for a room key when we would come through the door, assuring that only hotel guests gained entry. This did make me feel safer. The subway entrance/exit right outside the door was extremely convenient, once we figured out how to come out there (2 days after arrival - apparently we were walking the wrong way when we exited the train). We didn't use cabs at all while we were there, we used the subway and had no problems getting around. Because of the great location we were able to walk to time square, etc. We would ride the subway, and if it was late and we didn't want to ride the subway back to the hotel late at night (after 11:00 p.m.), we were very comfortable walking to the hotel. The hotel was clean, the staff was very courteous, I felt safe, but the small inconveniences of the washcloths, tub and toilet issues made our stay frustrating, and less than great. We didn't spend a lot of time in our room - on the go constantly, but we did expect to have the basics, and have them in working order when we were in the room.	
Jul 16 2006	great location poor service!!!	I stayed at the Radisson Martinique from June 28-June 30, 2006. When I made my reservation, I made it through the Holiday Inn/Priority Club website and was under the impression it was a Holiday Inn hotel. However, when the cab pulled up at the entrance, I saw the signs being changed from Holiday Inn to Radisson. Prior to my arrival, I was never even notified that such a change was occurring, as I would've stayed somewhere else since I only booked that hotel to receive my Priority Club points. In any event, the hotel was changing over to the Radisson the day I arrived. When I went to the check in desk, I was told their computer system was down because they were changing over to the Radisson and to check back at 4:00. So, at 4:00, I checked back and was told again that the computer system was not ready. By this time, there was a line of people that was getting rather irritated at the fact that the hotel's computers were not working. The people behind the desk kept telling everyone to be patient. I'm sorry, but the hotel and the Radisson should've taken into account that switching over computer systems during the hotels check in time was not the best idea. As it was getting closer to 5:00, I was very tempted to get my luggage and try looking for another hotel. I really believed that we would never get into our room. Finally, the computers were up. When I got up to the desk, I was told that our room was ready, but it was a smoking room, even though my reservation clearly stated &quot;two double beds non-smoking.&quot; The guy at the counter checked his computer and told me there were no non-smoking rooms available. After going back and forth with him for a bit, he checked with the manager on duty. Minutes later, a non-smoking room appeared on his computer. He told us the room would have a great view. So, once we finally got into the room, it was rather small, but quiet. I was excited to see this &quot;great view&quot;, but it was really hard to see out the very DIRTY windows. (See the picture I attached to this review) I've stayed in lots of hotels and have never seen windows this dirty before. The room was clean, but there were stains on the comforters/sheets. The next day, we went out in the morning for breakfast, went shopping, and got back in our room around 2:00. We hoped that housekeeping would’ve been through with our room, but as soon as we opened the door, housekeeping hadn't even touched the room yet. I've never stayed in a hotel where housekeeping came that late in the day. So, I tried to call the front desk from my room phone to see if housekeeping was planning on coming up since we needed new towels, but I got a message saying the mailbox I requested was full. Then I tried housekeeping and got the same message. Then I proceeded to go downstairs to the front desk. The manager on duty called housekeeping and said they'd be on our floor around 3:30-4:00. I explained that we really only needed new towels. Ten minutes later, some guy who worked at the hotel delivered our towels, but told us he couldn't locate any washcloths. Then, shortly after he gave us our towels, a lady from housekeeping knocked and told us the hotel had no washcloths available. Come on, this is supposed to be a hotel! How can they not have washcloths??? Needless to say, we never saw a housekeeper on our floor for the rest of the day. Another thing that was rather annoying was how the employees would knock on the door, even when the do not disturb sign was on the door. At one point, two employees wanted to come in so they could replace any Holiday Inn markings with new Radisson ones. Then, there was the woman who came around and had to ask if when we were checking out because their computers were down yet again. Overall, this hotel was far from worth the $276 a night I paid. For $276, I expect good service, housekeeping, washcloths, and clean windows! The location is pretty much the only good thing this hotel has to offer; it's close to Macy's, the Manhattan Mall, Greeley Square, the Empire State Building, Penn Station, and Madison Square Garden. Perhaps, this hotel only had problems because they were changing ownership, but that's really no excuse. The hotel and the employees should've been more prepared as to how to handle the hotel and its guests during the change from the Holiday Inn to the Radisson. So, if good service is the last thing on your list of priorities when it comes to choosing a hotel, then the Radisson Martinique is probably just right for you. However, I recommend checking elsewhere before reserving a room here!	
Jul 10 2006 	Don't stay here.	First of all, this hotel is a RADISSON now, not a Holiday Inn (same parent company, they decided to re-brand the hotel I guess).I'm CURRENTLY in my hotel room here on business travel. It's in mid-town Manhattan, so yes, the location is good. However, I've got nothing else good to stay about the hotel.The check-in staff was absolutely horrible at handling stressful situations (such as people at the front desk AND a phone call! Oh my!). After waiting 20 minutes to check in (there were only 3 people in front of me, and 2 employees checking people in, what could have taken so long???), it took another 10 minutes just to complete the check-in process. The guy's attention span was that of a gnat - he'd get a phone call and run off for several minutes at a time.I get to my room, which is VERY small for a Radisson/Holiday Inn, and I've only got a single TWIN bed! What brand-name top-tier hotel doesn't have at least QUEEN beds these days? Not this one, because a queen wouldn't have fit in the room.The wireless internet is SLOW and I'm experiencing severe packet loss (I'm in IT). Almost completely useless. I'll be going to a t-mobile hotspot at Starbucks to get my work done tomorrow.The TV isn't very clear either.... bad reception on the cable line?I stayed at the Hilton Times Square last time I was here in NYC 3 weeks ago- The Hilton had a BETTER location, BIGGER rooms, BETTER beds, BETTER staff, and was $20 cheaper. I will not be staying here again.	
Jun 27 2006	OK at best	Only thing good here is the location. Not worth the money .front desk very ???????? . try to check in early reply &quot;come back at four &quot; that was it she just walked away . The conseage told me there was room ready he was very helpful and got me a room at 1pm after a good tip Room was not that clean but ok for 2 star hotelDont try look out of the window of your room there is so much dirt on them you cant see out ... See my pictures	
Jun 27 2006 	Brilliant location nothing wrong with this place!	Just one block from the Empire State Building, this hotel is perfectly located for both business and pleasure. Cabs are pretty cheap in NYC and this hotel means most of the places you want to go are within 30 mins walk.Rooms are pretty adequate and, from what I remember a little more spacious than those of the Holiday Inn Downtown/Soho. Decor is dull, but that's pretty standard for a USA Holiday Inn. Staff are very efficient and the diner is good for breakfast.	
Jun 27 2006	loved the location	my 2 teenaged children and i stayed in the holiday inn martinque on broadway from june 20 to june 23--it was a great location--due to the fact that we were depending on public transportation it was perfect- the subway was right outside the hotel and penn station was a few blocks away---the staff at the hotel were terrific--we were always asking for directions --micheal who worked in the lobby was great-- he directed us to restaurants--scheduled cabs for us and always helped us out with directions with the subway--the doorman that worked during the day( i don't remember his name) was very personable,funny, and always made sure we were going in the right direction-being a mom alone in the big city with 2 children was scary but the staff at the hotel made me feel right at home---our room was always clean with plenty of towels and hot water- we were in a regular room-small but adequate- nothing luxurious but we had cable and the ventilation was excellent- if you'regoing to spend alot of time in your room you would want something much bigger with more accomadations- but this was fine when you're doing alot of sightseeing and really just needing a place to sleep---the restaurant that was attached was very good-we ate there one afternoon-their servings were large and they had great desserts--their fruit dessert with fresh kiwi and srawberries was divine	
Jun 2 2006	Great Location but place could have been nicer	The location can't be beat - you come up out of Penn Station on 32nd and it's right in front of you! Room size was also large - rare for an NYC room. Walls are a bit thin, there's a mini bar instead of a fridge, our bathroom wasn't as clean as it should have been - one washcloth had someone's fresh makeup on it and the 2nd day they didn't leave us any washcloths! The elevators are teeny and room smelled a bit musty. A plus is that they do have free wireless internet in the rooms. I give it an A for location, a C for cleanliness/comfort. I have in much nicer hotels for the same price, but they were all the way up by the UN Plaza. I will only stay here again if I cannot get a better price at another hotel.	
Jun 1 2006	Good hotel price and location	Having read the reviews about the cheaper hotel round the corner that I had originally booked to stay in, I cancelled that one and settled on the Holiday Inn Martinique. Fantastic location, just 5 minutes walk round the corner to Macy's and the Empire State Building and near lots of subway stations so you can easily get about. Being a single traveller I felt safe walking around later in the evening. There was a fantastic deli if you turn left out the hotel and walk a block down the street - great for breakfast and bagels. The room was fine, nice bed and clean and also quiet as it was on the 15th floor. I did so much sightseeing that I only really wanted somewhere to crash and if fitted the bill perfectly. Definitely recommended if you want somewhere clean and basic to stay and the location couldn't be faulted!	
May 18 2006	Loved everything about this hotel	Can't say enough good things about this hotel; the staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean, it was close to everything. We arrived at noon and check in was at 4:00 PM, however we had no wait as they had a room available for us and we were able to check in as soon as we arrived. Check-out was 11:00 AM, we requested a later check-out and again they accommodated us. We had a room pretty close to the elevator, and never heard any nosie from the hallway. Was traveling with a girlfriend and felt very safe at this hotel, as they had Security checking people's room keys if they were going on the elevator to the rooms. Chose this hotel from an internet site and couldn't have asked for a better hotel. Will definitely stay there the next time and the location is GREAT!!!!!	
May 10 2006	Far better than expected	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nigths during the first weekend in december, check in, check out was not heartwarming but efficient, security, bellstaff and concierge were all very freindly and offered tourist tips and tricks without us asking them - nice approach.I have worked 18 years in the hotel industry and you can take my word for it; this hotel is far better than the official rating, they might not have all the facilities and ammenities that you will find in a 4 or 5 star property and the rooms migth be a bit small, but this hotel has an unbeatable location, very clean rooms (recently refurbished), excellent housekeeping, efficient staff (not overly enthustiatic), nice toiletries from Crabtree and Evelyn and a pricetag that makes this hotel one of the best deals in Manhattan. So if you dont need slippers, lobster termidor in the middle of the night, a ballroom size room and hip desing fixture and furniture, but would like to get some value for money and a clean, safe hotel.......you should stay here.The only &quot;bad&quot; thing I can think of is the breakfast, overprized and of very poor quality (like in many hotels) - you are better of going to Cafe Europe opposite Pen Station.	
Apr 18 2006	Great Value Great Location	Just visited NYC for the first time over the weekend of April 1st. We had the best time and can't wait to go back! It is truly the city that never sleeps. I searched the web for the best hotel deals and kept coming up short on hotels that fit our budget. A friend recommended the Martinique. It's AAA internet rate was the best I'd been able to find for a hotel in a Midtown location. It is virtually right across the street from Macy's and there is a subway entrance right on the corner. We were able to walk or ride the subway and get everywhere we wanted to go in a short time. The room was on the 15th floor and was a comfortable size with a large bathroom and two double beds. There were three of us in the room and we did not feel crowded. Looks like the hotel has been recently renovated. Lots of character for a Holiday Inn. If you get a room with 2 double beds and anyone has to share a bed I would recommend asking for a rollaway. The double beds seemed very, very small. The view out the window was just a look at another part of the building. Could not see the city. We were somewhat grateful for this because when we were in the room to sleep it was very quiet. No street noise at all.The bellman were exceptionally nice, and gave us great service in watching our belongings as our flight out did not leave until the evening.Everyone we met in NYC at TV studios, shops, restaurants, sightseeing, theaters, church and even on the subway were very friendly and gracious. Not what we expected. It was a beautiful sunny weekend and they were even out planting flowers in pots along the streets. If your are ever in NYC and need a place to go to church try Forefront Church on Lexington. They meet in a college theater and have a website. It was very contemporary and uplifting. What a great time! Thanks NYC!	
Apr 14 2006	Great hotel	My husband and I stayed here for 1 night in March. I was doing a marathon in Central Park the next day so we didnt get to see too much of NYC or even stay up past 9:00 Pm. The hotel was very good I thought , they had free delicious cookies at the front desk and a complimentary microwave on the 7th floor which came in handy to heat up some snacks. The best part was it was very quiet, and the beds were extremely comfortable. I had an excellent night sleep even though I was nervous about the marathon the next day. It was also in a great location, close to lots of good things.	
Mar 13 2006	Nice Hotel Great Location	Just stayed at the Holiday Inn this weekend, March 11. The staff was wonderful and the hotel clean. It was a great location - subway station right outside of the hotel. Macy's and lots of shopping right around the corner from the hotel and two blocks from Penn Station. The only problem was had was when we went to check in at 4:40 and the hotel room wasn't ready. We had requested a non smoking room and ended up in a smoking room. The houskeeping staff cleaned the room well and sucked out all of the smoke, however when we awoke the next morning we could smell the smoke from people smoking over night. Even though we didn't get the room we had requested I would definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Feb 14 2006	Great Stay 	My husband and I stayed there for our 6th anniversary. When we read the reveiws for the hotel, it was horrible. Well, we decided to give a try. It was great! I had almost changed hotels. But this hotel was great! The location is great, 5 mins. away from Time Square! The people were great! Room was nice and roomy. If it's only for two people, the room is a good size for just two people. Our view was the empire stat building. Awesome at night! You won't regret staying here. Awesome place...my husband and I are going back this year and we are difently staying at this hotel again! No regrets!	
Jan 22 2006	Great hotel fantastic location!	We booked this hotel last minute for our trip in January (having read some damming reviews of our original hotel choice on this website!) What a stroke of luck! The room was very clean - looked like it has recently been refurbished - and felt very spacious (for 3 adults). Despite being on the front of the hotel we experienced no noise problems at night (we all slept soundly - must have been all the walking!) We knew the location was great, having stayed this area of the city before. Ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant only once as it is so much cheaper to eat at any local diner, but the food was good. Check in/out went smoothly (we arrived early but were able to check in straight away). Concierge staff very friendly, helpful and knowlegeable. Would definitely stay here again!	
Jan 17 2006	Cold cold cold	Returned yesterday from this hotel. What may have been a decent hotel stay turned out to be a FREEZING hotel stay. My husband and I checked in at 4:00 pm. Although the room was non-smoking, the hallway outside the room and the room itself reaked of cigarette smoke. When went out to bring our son ice-skating in 10 degree weather and were looking forward to coming back to our room for rest and HEAT! The room seemed a bit cold and we turned the thermostat up and went to bed. We woke up around 1:00 am to find the room absolutely FREEZING COLD! We adjusted the thermostat numerous times throughout the night to no avail. First thing in the morning we called the front desk manager - Allen and was told that the could do NOTHING about compensation as we booked through a search engine and not the hotel directly. Mind you I am a Holiday Inn priority member BUT found a cheaper rate through a search engine. The manager went to blast US for not calling in the middle of the night. Like we really wanted to wake up our son at 2:00 am, change rooms etc. etc. I find this appauling and I will NEVER stay at this location again. I gave it a shot because it had decent reviews but due to customer service and the lack of HEAT, I will NOT do it to myself again. Although I enjoyed NY I came home with a sore throat and sinus problems. Room was small but clean. I do not recommend unfortunately! Just as a note: I travel often and have stayed in our NY hotels.	
Jan 9 2006	Great Place	This was such a great hotel to stay in and especially for my first real vacation that I had to pay for by myself. I usually stay in great places cause I am with my parents, but this place was great. It was small, but perfect for what we needed, the only problem was that the check in time was so late, but we did the will call baggage and were able to see a lot of New York and see RENT and stuff. It was clean and in a perfect location. I saw it as soon as we came out of Penn Station and that was great!! We walked from the hotel to Madison Square Garden, Times Square, and even the New York Public Library....the hotel made the trip great!!	
Jan 5 2006	Fantastic location	I was slightly worried about staying at this hotel after reading a few of these reviews, but I had absolutely nothing to worry about.The location was perfect. Right in the centre of NY - almost opposite Macy's. I heard no noise at all during the night - very quiet. Rooms were very clean and comfortable. Concierge/Door staff were very friendly and looked after our luggage without damaging it!We rang down for extra pillows and towels when we first got into our room, and they were deliviered within 5 mins. We also booked a family room for 4 adults and got 2 double beds - nobody had to sleep on the floor!Food in the restaurant was very nice - in particular the burgers! Would definately recommend this hotel - after all you only sleep and get ready in it as there's so much to see outside!	
Jan 3 2006	New Year's Eve 2005/2006	Although it is a nice hotel, the staff are not as pleasant. It would go a long way to smile. The walls are so very thin, so thin that we heard every conversation next door if they talked loud enough... aka more than a whisper.You need your key to get passed security throughout the day... Safe. All in all I would reccommend - we walked about 10 blocks to times square - about a 10-15 min walk, a nice walk.Martinique cafe was a bit of a stomachache. Beds ands room were clean and housekeeing are very efficient.	
Dec 20 2005	Smack bang in the centre of Manhattan!	Although the Holiday Inn on Martinique is not classed as a luxury hotel, it's location, large rooms, service and security more than make up for this. The subway is a mere stones throw from the front door of the hotel. In addition Times Square, 5th Avenue, Macys, Manhattan Mall and various other well known stores are easily accessible by foot from the hotel. I would recommend this hotel to any potential visitor to New York wanting the most central and reasonably priced location possible. The staff are friendly and very helpful.I've stayed in this hotel on 5 seperate occasions and have not had a negative experience. I've always gotten the best rates on the Holiday Inn Website.	
Dec 14 2005	Good Experience	My husband, myself and teenage daughter stayed at this hotel, 9/12/2005 - 13/12/2005, After reading some of the reviews on here we tried to change our hotel booking but were unable to. I am glad to say that we enjoyed our stay here, the situation was good, on broadway, close to Macys, approx 10 minute walk to Times Square,also next to the Subway. The room that we stayed in had 2 double beds and had recently been redecorated. It was clean and well maintained.We had a good view across broadway. our maid was helpful and friendly however I have to report reception staff to be less welcoming and lacking pleasantries, although we did find this to a common occurence throughout our stay in NY. On the morning of departure we had 2 people knock our door before the 11am deadline to check that we were in the process of departing. We did not appreciate this. All in all, I cannot fault the hotel, I feel that customer relations could however be improved. We stayed at the Salisbury 2 years ago and this knocked spots off it.	
Dec 9 2005 	Great central location clean rooms!	I just got back from the Martinique, staying 12/6 - 12/7. My company booked the room and I was a little wary having never heard of it and reading some of the previous reviews. However, i didn't experience any of the pitfalls listed by previous reviewers.LOCATION: Excellent. I walked to Times Square, Rockefeller Center and the Javits (all within about 15-20 mins.) Walked back from a Broadway show after 11pm and never felt unsafe.ROOM: Small but very clean. Marble bathroom looked updated. Furnishing and bedding seemed recently updated as well. No view (inner courtyard and walls) but I quickly learned that it is much quieter NOT to have a view (no sirens or honking at 3am.)SERVICE: Yes, they really do shove your bill under your door the morning you are scheduled to leave. I was very worried since my company was paying the bill that there would be problems (having read previous reviews.) When I checked in they couldn't find the faxed credit card authorization. However, the desk clerk simply had me stand to the side and resolved the matter in about 10 minutes. When I went to check out, there were no extra charges and it all went smoothly! I did check a bag for my last day with no problems. Also, the doorman was out when I was ready to leave but a bellhop hailed a cab for me to the airport.All in all a pleasant experience. Note: I'm very low maintenance when it comes to hotels. I don't order room service or expect to have my bags taken up to my room. Didn't eat at the cafe either.	
Dec 9 2005 	Pleasant Surprise	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Martinique in early December on business. I would normally pick a non-chain boutique in the city. I chose this hotel strictly on rate since the rates in the city are astronomical at this time of the year. I booked a petite room and was not sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised to find the hotel and room to be just fine for my needs. The staff was friendly, the locatation was good, the rooms were nice, and I had an overall pleasant experience. I was not impressed with the restaurant, but with all the eating choices in NYC, that is not a big deal...	
Dec 5 2005	Perfect Place to Stay	We just got home from a long weekend in the City. We had originally booked the Portland Square, but read some pretty nasty reviews about mice and bed bugs so we decided to switch over to the Holiday Inn. From the minute we arrived we knew we had made the right decision. The door man Billy is awesome. He gave us great tips on where the shopping deals are (Steve &amp; Barry's Manhattan Mall) and helped us get cabs whenever we needed them. The staff was very friendly overall. The hotel was nice and clean. Our room on the 11th floor was large for NYC and had a modern bathroom. It seemed pretty updated and the beds were very comfortable. House keeping came every day while we were out and replaced our towels and made the beds. We felt completely safe here and would stay again. Even at 349/night in December, it's worth it.	
Dec 4 2005	Worst Hotel	I go to NYC every year. This is the worst Hotel. Rude staff. During the night while asleep the doorman was banging on my door. He was trying to deliever luggage to my room. I had checked in the day before.He had the wrong room. When I called down the tell the front desk I got cut off. They did not call back to appolize. 24 Hr. front desk ???????? Stopped up tub drain. Ice maker on 11th floor did not work. They say just go to another floor. I had to call down several times for things that should have been in the room and on one occassion I had to call twice for the same things. Never Never again holday inn. Only thing good here is the location. Not worth the money or time.	
Nov 30 2005 	Martinique -- destroyed luggage not part of the package	Great location, serviceable rooms, but find someplace else if you plan to leave your luggage here after checking out. They must have played football with my bags, and they came out after 12 hours battered and broken. The management did not take responsibility for damages, offering only a few &quot;frequent flyer&quot; points.	
Nov 24 2005	Great base to see Manhattan	I went in with an open mind after reading the good and bad reviews. The first night we were in a room on the 4th floor that was a little cramped for our 6 night stay. We were moved with the minimum of fuss up to the 15th where we had an excellent room with more than adequate facilities. The staff were excellent and did not stand with their hands out looking for tips like other hotels in the City. The hotel is a perfect base to explore Manhattan. Couple of nice bars on 5th and a good couple of diners for breakfast a block away (again on 5th). All in all it helped us have a ball in NYC.	
Nov 23 2005	Fabulous Hotel. Highly Recommended.	This was a fabulous hotel! I'd highly recommend it to anyone. Rooms were very clean with very comfortable beds and huge bath towels. The staff was very accomodating and friendly. The bellman was adorable - to the point of hugging me every time he saw me (and I'm a grandmother!) Housekeeping was right on top of things every day, and if I had the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on my door, they'd call (at a reasonable time) to see if I needed anything. The location was excellent. I was traveling with an infant (2 months old), and the bellman insisted we have a refrigerator in the room because of the baby. He ended up searching through several vacant rooms until he located one for us.Ignore those other reviews about the staff being unfriendly and the rooms not being nice. This hotel is fabulous. Having traveled through every contiguous state in the US, I've stayed at lots of hotels. The Holiday Inn Martinique rates close to the top of my list.	
Nov 8 2005	Holiday Inn is fine	Just back from 5 day stay in this hotel in New York and was quite apprehensive having read some reviews. But the hotel was absolutely fine. The room was very clean and cleaned daily while we were there. It had a coffee maker which was a god-send! My two sisters and I had booked a double room. The room we were initially allocated we found a little small, although it had a great view (on 16th floor). I went back down to reception and they immediately gave me the key to another room to have a look at. It was bigger so we took that one. This room looked inward, so had no view but, we were out all day sightseeing/shopping and were absolutely unconcerned by this. They also have a facility for storing luggage which was wonderful as we had a late flight on the day we checked out. The hotel is around the corner from Maceys on one side and the Empire State Building on the other and has a subway stop right outside. The only problem we found was finding somewhere nice to eat nearby in the evening. The resteurants in Macys were great for lunch and we tried Speedys across the road for Breakfast a couple of times and that was ok. If you like Korean resteurants there are lots of these around.New York was everything we hoped it would be. We found the people wonderfully helpful. If you have time go to the View in the Merriott hotel off Times Square for a cocktail. It's a revolving cocktail bar. The cocktail will cost about 16 dollars but the view as you slowely turn is absolutely magnificent.	
Nov 2 2005	Great stay at the Martinique	We stayed at the Martinique three nites, from 10/26 to 10/29. I had booked the hotel thru Priceline. At check-in, the clerk moved us up from a room with a full size bed to a room with a queen on the top (18th) floor. The room was a very comfortable size for Manhatten, and while not a sweeping vista view of the skyline, there was still something to see. Everything was clean and comfortable. The mid-town location was great, two blocks from Macy's, one block from the Empire State building, walking distance to Times Square, and a subway station entrance just outside the front door. The only real complaint I had was that being on the top floor, there was some machinery on the roof that we could hear at all hours (I think a fan of some kind), but it did not keep me from getting a good nights sleep. I would stay there again, and recommend it to a friend.	
Oct 22 2005	hated the cafe	cold food, horrible service, and 20% service charge! an awful experience.	
Oct 20 2005	Excellent value and location!	This place is a gem, I found a very good internet rate so 3 of us headed for NYC. We had 2 double beds and a free rollaway (It was like a real bed, not a cot) Room was quiet, clean and comfortable. Staff was friendly and very helpful. Would stay here again in a minute!	
Oct 19 2005	Worst hotel in New York	I am an English journalist and had the misfortune to stay in the Martinique as part of a press trip. Having visited New York several times on varying budgets, I can honestly say this must be one of the worst hotels in the city. The rooms are dingy and horrible enough, but it is the complete lack of customer service skills that ensures this pit of a place stands out from other midtown accomodation for all the wrong reasons.My partner and I had several reasons to complain over the 2 nights we stayed here, but even telling the front desk I was a journalist writing an article on the hotel failed to ignite any customer service skills.I would urge people not to book this hotel as a stay here will taint your view of an amazing city that generally treats visitors with warmth. Instead try the Affinia which is cheaper but leagues above the Martinique in both style and service.	
Oct 12 2005	cramped roomone double bed	I reserved this room through Hotwire. It was advertised as a three star hotel. I believe it is a two star hotel. The room was the size of a walk in closet. There was one small double bed. The room was dark and dank. My husband and I tried the restaurant because it was pouring rain outside. The food was luke warm and there were flies buzzing around our food. The only thing this hotel has going for it is its' proximity to Madison Square Garden. I would not stay here again.	
Oct 3 2005 	Exceeded expectations - very pleasant stay	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Martinique Thursday and Friday, September 29 and 30. This was my first trip to NYC and involved an important meeting, so I was a little high strung and had questions and special requests. The bellman team arranged for my transportation to the conference and to the airport and luggage storage during the day. The concierge took care of dinner recommendations, reservations and directions and touring advice. The room was prettier than the on-line photographs - crown molding, room with a view, very clean, tasteful carpet, decor and bed linens - &quot;cherry&quot; furniture, pale yellow walls and blue carpet, upholstery and bed spread. It was also bigger than I expected with a full-size bed, a large arm chair and ottoman for lounging, a desk and open space. (Note: Holiday Inn reservations listed the bed as Full, but the actual hotel lists the bed as Queen.) The bathroom was small but was very clean and appeared to be recently renovated. My bill was delivered that morning, under the door. The walls are thin, but the A/C provided noise cover. I did not eat at the hotel restaurant, but it is a very cute diner with retro decoration. The Korean restaurant next door offers good service and very reasonable prices. As female traveling alone, I felt safe. I would recommend staying at the Holiday Inn Martinique if you are looking for a mid-price hotel, especially if you want to be near the theatre district. The service was personalized when I needed it to be and professional during my entire stay.	
Aug 24 2005 	Loved it!	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Broadway for 2 nights. The staff was extremely friendly, the room was very nice and clean. I got a superb rate $138 for 2 nights (Thurs &amp; Fri) on hotels The bathroom was a decent size with a bath tub, which was also very clean. The beds were very comfy. Location was just superb, I was close to almost everything I wanted to see. I will definately stay here each time I visit NY.	
Aug 9 2005	Do Not Stay at this Hotel	Our stay at this Holiday Inn was a nightmare from check-in to check-out. I was travelling with two friends - all of us worked in the hotel industry. I was a hotel receptionist and my two friends were concierges. When we made our booking, we did it over the internet. We received confirmation for a room with two double beds. Knowing how the system works, we triple-checked the website for any terms and conditions such as extra person charges, requests being non-guaranteed etc.We found no such wording on the website. We also contact the hotel directly prior to arriving to confirm the room type once again. On arrival we were quite upset when we were checked into a room with one double bed. We were eventually given a roll-away as well (which we were charged for!) and my friend who is 7 feet tall was expected to sleep in it with his legs hanging out the end.Our room was dirty, very smelly from cigarette smoke, and it was so dark that we couldnt tell whether it was day or night outside (we had a view of a brick wall).The next day we were moved to a room with two double beds. This room was also dirty and there were several things that were broken in the room. The most annoying of these was the toilet which overflowed on several occasions.The main purpose of a hotel is to provide clean and comfortable accommodation. This hotel does not provide either.The staff were so rude and unhelpful that they actually made me feel ashamed to be a part of the hotel industry myself.	
Jul 22 2005	At the right price this is the right place	Booked at a discount, and was pleased. Great location--also good if you have someone at the NYU hospitals. Stayed 3 nites. Room was not made up on one day--MLK holiday may've had something to do with that. Staff helpful. Good eats nearby--especially the Brooklyn Bagel deli. Cheapest souvenirs in town at the end of the block (east). Would not pay $350 a nite to stay here, but if you can get it for $l50 or less, its good. Good security, near Penn Station.	
Jul 17 2005	reasonable rates great location nice staff	I'm not sure why there are that many negative reviews. My wife and I and our 15 year old son stayed there for one week this July and couldn't have been more pleased. The hotel lobby is small and doesn't exactly beckon one to hang out there, but our hotel room provided more than adequate space, was clean and well maintained daily. I wonder about the negative review I read on this site that complained about the &quot;small room.&quot; The room is average in size for this price category, and I would challenge that writer to find me a hotel room any bigger for the same price. The carpet looked fairly new, and the bathroom fixtures and tile had a new appearance as well. The bar off the lobby is well lit and is tastefully designed with contemporary decor. The drinks were a bit pricey, but show me a bar in NYC where they're not. All the staff with whom we had interactions were quite nice and helpful, especially Tom, the doorman, who gave us several good tips for dining. The central location in Midtown was the perfect area for getting around town. The subway entrance is twenty paces from the hotel's front door. The ESB is one block away, Macy's is two blocks, Times Saquare is a ten minute walk. We walked to Times Square and back three times, night and day, and never felt unsafe or threatened. The neighborhood around the hotel feels safe and is quite busy on weekdays and nights. There are a few homeless who may be seen hanging out in the park across the street, but never did anyone harrass us on those mornings we had our morning coffee there.Overall we had a fantastic stay in NYC. And it's not just this hotel that shoots that myth about the rude New Yorker all to hell. Throughout our week there, we had perhaps thirty, forty, maybe fifty interactions with new Yorkers, and not one of them was less than pleasant. Tourist guides will tell you not to openly read a map on the streets, lest a predator approach you. But quite the opposite happened. Local people approached us and warmly offefered their help with directions. What a great city and what a nice hotel! We would most definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 14 2005	Not exactly what we were expecting	I booked a trip to NYC for my wife's and my 5th wedding anniversary. We had originally booked another hotel with an online travel agency. This other hotel had gotten very good reviews for its big rooms and convenient location. We got put in the Holiday Inn Martinique by our reservation company when our the hotel of our initial reservation turned out to be full. The agency's policy when a confirmed reservation cannot in fact be confirmed is to put the guest in an equal or better hotel, so we were quite shocked when we saw our room - a 10'x10' smoking room with a very small double bed that the hotel assured us was queen size. We had been told by our reservation company that the Holiday Inn was a beautiful 4-star hotel so we had not contested the change, but when we got there we were very disappointed. The hotel staff did try their best to get us in a bigger bed but they were booked to capacity, so the best they could do is give us 2 single beds in a non-smoking room, and the next night moved us to a non-smoking room with 2 double beds - not exactly the way we were planning on spending our anniversary. The reservation company did nothing to try to offer us something better except call the front desk of the hotel and give us the same response the front desk had given us.Anyway the hotel was not really at fault, but it was a little disappointing that the rooms were not as nice as we expected. I don't mean to be too picky, but the comforter on the bed and one of the towels had stains on them, something you would not expect to see from such an establishment.The only redeeming factor was the staff, which did try their best to find us a better room and helped us move all our bags around. They also let us keep our bags in the hotel after we checked out so we could do a little more sightseeing.	
Jun 28 2005	not treated fairly	we stayed in early june at the holday inn Martinque. We hated it. reserved are rooms over 6 weeks in advance for 2 double beds, when we got to our room it was 2 single beds there was 5 of us. they where suppose to send up roll away beds they never arravied. only gave us 20.00 off our price of the room. big deal we had kids sleeping on the floor. never got any extra towels we asked for. not a very customer satisfation program going on there for a holiday inn. will never stay there again!	
Jun 25 2005	Hated it	I stayed here over Memorial Weekend with a friend. We had requested 2 double beds when we made the reservation on line but when we arrived at the hotel we were told none were available....unless we wanted to pay a $75 a night surcharge. Of course we paid it but this is not the way to run a hotel. Although our room was allegedly non-smoking, it reeked of stale cigarette smoke. The air conditioning worked but never really cooled off the room to a satisfactory level. The cafe was adequate but the service was extremely slow.The best thing I can say is the hotel is conveniently located. The bellmen and doormen were very helpful but the rest of the staff was lacking. I would not stay here again.	
Jun 6 2005	Memorial Weekend	My husband and I had a good experience at this hotel! It's funny to read the other not so good reviews when we had a nice clean room, very quiet. It looked like it had been painted and new everything not so long ago. We liked having the cafe right downstairs and the nice bar as well. But we had to move here from the Red Roof Inn because it was a dump, our room smelled like an ashtray. They didn't seem to care so at 2 in the morning we luckily found a room at the Holiday Inn down the street. The hotel is so close to some good sites...Macy's, the Empire State building, Penn Station and not so far, Times Square. So we hope you have good luck like we did!	
May 25 2005	Our nickname is The Dump	We got stuck staying here for work a few times as a co-worker negotiated a good rate, this was before we had stayed there though. We've stayed at a lot of Holiday Inn's, the one in Toronto being particularly nice. Jowever the NYC ones leave a LOT to be desired. After staying in this one, our team nicknamed this hotel &quot;the Dump&quot; for good reason. I am a Platinum Priority Club member and got rooms which smelled like stale cigarettes, had burns in the carpet, big hole in the comforter and such. One co-worker had the peephole on her door missing and all that was in its place was some tissue paper stuck in the hole. Twice two of us got back to our rooms after dinner (around 9pm) and they had not been serviced at all. One co-worker had no towels in his room and had to call repeatedly to get some. On a Friday when about to check out, I found my bill in the hallway(not under my door) which had all my personal and credit card data on it, including name, address, full credit card # and expiration date. I noted others in the hall too so went and notified the front desk, who didn't seem to care one iota about the risk of identity theft / credit card fraud of such information being available to anyone who would pick up the bill. Basically the place is awful, and I refuse to ever stay there again along with most of our team, especially the females as it doesn't appear the safest either.	
May 24 2005 	Do Not book this hotel	I was booked into Holiday Inn Martinique in May 2005 by the company I work for, on a business trip, with a number of other colleagues.As I checked in, I was told the money had not yet been settled, so I was to give them my own credit card just as security. When it came to check out, the balance had still not quite been finalised, but the hotel told us all that they would not bill our individual credit cards, but wait for the money to be finally settled by the agency involvedWhen I returned home they had taken the money from all of our credit cards for our entire stay, even when they assured us they would not.Also beware of the minibar. It is electrically tagged, so even if you even touch an item, but decide not to buy it, you will be billed, and it is difficult to sort it out with the staff who I found to be surly and unhelpfulI extended my stay in New York for a few more days - just 2 minutes walk away on the same road at the Red Roof Inn, for about $90 (or £50 a night) less. It was cheaper, and so much better, clean and basic, but with lovely helpful staffTo conclude: Do NOT book the Holiday Inn Martinique , whilst the rooms are not unpleasant, you can get better value elsewhere with better customer service	
May 20 2005	Nightmare	Just returned from a trip to New York and thanks to my stay in the Holiday Inn my holiday was not the exciting time I expected it to be.... On arrival at the hotel, where we stayed for two nights, we payed for the first night, and a deposit for the second night and were told it would be ok to pay the balance when checking out....On we go to the room, where the toiliet was blocked and a light broken and the room not vacumed. Now the light and dirty carpet you could get over but no toilet... not so easy to do without.... The problem with the toilet was sorted but the light never fixed.On the morning we were due to check out at 11am, we got a very early unasked for wake up call from two security men at 7.30am, demanding the balance for the room. Is this the norm in New York??? I was shocked. They would not give us five minutes to get dressed and come down to pay, we had to be escorted down by 2 men who were very unpleasant to say the least. For a moment I thought it was a jail I had booked into with the treatment we received from these men. Now it was bad enough been woken up and brought down to pay but when we got back to the room I realised that we had been overcharged. When I went down to get my money back I had to sign so many forms, as though it were a mistake on my part. I complained to the manager about the whole episode and I am sure if I were standing in front of him to this day I would still be waiting from him to say sorry. I was never treated so badly in all my life. Looking back on the website it makes me laugh to read about the service claimed to be provided by this hotel. It is far from what they are suggesting. They should review their website or else review the actual service provided in their hotel. Thanks to my experience in the Holiday Inn on Broadway, I will never go to New York again	
May 19 2005 	Overnighter	I stayed for one night. It did the job. Good location. Room was well kept. I was given the wrong room key, tried to call to have one brought up, or tell me where my key worked. Nope. Against security policy.	
May 15 2005	Martinique is okay but a terrific value!	We stayed at the Hotel Martinique (a Holiday Inn of sorts) purely on a fluke. My husband and I don't do a lot of planning for the many trips we take each year. We typically like to just show up, in town, and drive around 'til we find a place that looks acceptable. We have done this countless times and it has never failed. (On the contrary, some of the hotels I've only seen on the Internet have turned out to be quite shabby, when viewed in person.)We left Washington, DC on a multi-destination driving trip, on our way to NYC with our dog. At our DC hotel, we downloaded a few hotel options from the Internet, to my laptop. One by one I called for a reservation and, one by one, we were told the hotel wouldn't accpet dogs or a dog her size. (Like there's a difference. ...Losers.) We then began thumbing through a pet-friendly hotel guide a friend had given us. Even with that, we still had difficulty. You see, we don't want to stay just anywhere. We usually stay at 5 star hotels. When that's not possible, we lower our standards enough to find the best available hotel.Yet, again and again, we were told the pet-friendly information listed was incorrect; hadn't been updated and, ultimately, the hotel would not allow our dog to stay in a room with us.We had pretty much given up, and started planning to skip NYC this time, when I tried what I felt was a &quot;hail Mary&quot; call. I called the Hotel Martinique on Broadway (despite it's 3 star rating), and couldn't believe it when I was told they welcome pet guests and, not only that, the rate was just $99/night! We were dumbfounded...and more than a bit concerned. We were veeerrrryyyy skeptical about what we'd find when we arrived, given the room rate for downtown Manhattan.What we did find was a perfectly acceptable high-rise hotel. Nothing glorious, but worth about $180/night, at least.The location can't be beaten. It's right on Broadway, and close to many attractions.We actually tried to stay there on a subsequent trip, but the hotel refused to confirm a non-smoking room for us when we booked, and then unequivocally refused to try to accommodate us with a non-smoking room, even if we waited for one to be cleaned, etc.[I hate to be nit-picky, but there is just one (glaring) drawback to their, otherwise, welcoming pet policy. A hotel staff member must physically go check your room before you're allowed to check out. This makes the checkout procedure quite lengthy and tedious. It is very insulting that I, an affluent, educated woman, who teaches responsible dog ownership and &quot;travel with pets etiquette&quot; would be presumed guilty of the kinds of problems they're looking for.(On the other hand, I'm so pleased to know that not a single human guest has ever caused any kind of damage that went undiscovered until after the guest had checked out, in the history of the hotel. How unique the Hotel Martinique is, in that regard. Because from my experience, far more human guests cause problems than pet guests. But hey, that's just me: A rational, reasonable person with expertise in the area of hotel pet policy, and an impeccably behaved, scrupulously clean, and loved pet. Far be it for me to demand to be held accountable for my OWN actions, and not the negligence of people I don't even know, and who keep their pets in ways I find abhorrent. Again, I congratulate the Hotel Martinique for having such a spotless record with their human guests, that only guests with pets are singled out for this extra scrutiny.)]If you don't mind being presumed guilty, then I would recommend this hotel for pet owners. It's one of the few &quot;pet-friendly&quot; hotels in the area. (We did pop into the Ritz-Carlton, to inquire about their pet policy. We were told they would readily welcome our whole family, without restriction. So, we will probably stay there on the next trip to NYC with our pooch.) We have also stayed at the W Hotel - New York - Tuscany, which &quot;accepts&quot; dogs up to 80lbs, but readily made &quot;an exception&quot; for us. The various W Hotels are also another option for pet travellers.The only real drawback for dog owners is the lack of nearby green space for elimination. (Always, always, always clean up after your pet, please.) I was told there was an &quot;off-leash park&quot; several blocks south of the hotel. However, it is NOTHING like the off-leash parks in most cities. My thought was, 'Why even bother?' It is a tiny, fenced-in section of a small park, with gravel footing that was quite painful for my dog's sensitive feet. In my city, there are about 20 off-leash parks, and they're all huge grassy fields, most have wooded trails, and not one is fenced. I couldn't believe my eyes when I discovered what passed for an &quot;off-leash dog park.&quot; But hey, we were in Manhattan. Seriously, just go to Central Park for off-leash time, and find a strip of public grass for leashed potty breaks.Hotel Martinique is a very good value, and is a relatively good option for pet travellers.	
Apr 19 2005	great hotel	Stayed for a week, great value for money, good location. Upgraded room two double beds, loads of space, good size bathroom. Read reveiws before hand a bit nervous because some reveiws were bad, found hotel to be fine not a problem don't now what some people were on about. Room was clean and tidy, fresh towels and cleaned everyday. Hotel by Macy's and Empire State building about a 10 minute walk to Time Square. Would stay again. Found staff fine didn't have to queue when checked in, found staff fast, efficient and friendly. Booked a non smoking room and recevied a non smoking room, did email to double check booking and responded quickly within a hour.	
Apr 14 2005 	Don't stay	For the price i paid at holiday inn martinique i expected better. On arrival lobby looked great. Downhill from there on........ Check in staff very rude and abrupt. Asked for non smoking room which was what was booked when reservation made. told no room avail. after arguing for a bit given a non smoking room. The room was TINY, no closet, no space for my bags, had to jump over them everytime came/ left room. aircon very noisy and rattled all night. On first night came back at 22h00 to unserviced room and neighbours room service tray was lying outside my door for 2 days untill i requested it me moved. then had to wait 1/2 hour for them to come service room, again staff very unhelpfull and rude. telephone system not properly working, called housekepping and got through to front desk ect ect. Also messages not given. All in all a most unpleasant stay.	
Mar 28 2005	Don't believe the negative reviews!	I stayed at the Martinique while on a March Break shopping trip with a friend. When I tried to book on Expedia several weeks in advance, all hotels within the Manhattan area were either booked solid for the two weeks that most schools were out for Spring Break, or were charging extremely jacked-up prices. I was getting ready to pay approximately $130 Canadian for a room in a very dubious-looking budget hotel outside of the main city area when an opening came up at the Martinique, $160 CAN/night for a &quot;petite room&quot; with two twin beds. Since there were only two of us and we didn't really care about bed size, that sounded perfect - expensive compared to what you'd pay for a hotel in Toronto, but it *was* March Break and hotels in NYC are expensive at all times of year.We got to the hotel two hours before check-in time and were given our room right away even though we'd expected to have to check our bags and come back at 4 p.m. to check in. The room was very clean and well-equipped - good lighting, coffee machine, iron and ironing board, TV, minibar, safe, etc. The only problem with the room was that the hairdryer in the bathroom didn't work, but it didn't matter because we'd brought a hairdryer with us anyhow. We didn't eat any meals in the hotel, but we did use the business centre on the basement floor once to check email - it's convenient to use, but you can access the Internet cheaper at one of the cafes across the street. Our room was cleaned daily and by the time we returned to the hotel after shopping each day everything was tidy and new towels, etc. were in place for the night. The hotel staff were quite helpful with getting us taxis and held our bags for us after checkout time on our last day in the city until we left for the airport several hours after the 11 a.m. checkout.The best part about the hotel was LOCATION. There is a subway stop right outside the door of the hotel, and there is great shopping within seconds - Manhattan Mall, Sephora, Macy's, H&amp;M, Victoria's Secret, etc. It is a short walk to Times Square and if you take the time to figure out the subway lines, all corners of the city are easily accessible from this spot. The hotel is in Koreatown and many cafes and restaurants in the area are open 24 hours for those who want a bite to eat after coming home from the theatre or concerts late at night. Overall, the place is definitely not a luxury hotel - if you want to honeymoon in NYC or plan to spend a lot of time in the hotel, pay extra and stay elsewhere - but for a sightseeing or shopping trip, it is a lovely place to stay and can't be beat in terms of location and price. I'll definitely stay there again!	
Mar 25 2005	OUTSTANDING!!!!Location is everything!!	I booked this hotel thru hotels.com,We got a great price @ $148.00 a night. We stayed there from March 21-25 2005. After doing hours of reasearch for a hotel in NY that was in a great location, CLEAN, a great value etc.... I finally settled on The Holiday Inn Martinque. After I booked it I read a few reviews that were not always positive so I was a little nervous to stay there. We arrived at the hotel at 12 noon and check in wasn't until 4pm. At first I was told that there was not a room available before 3pm. When I told her how tired we were from a very long trip there she looked again and found a room for us! We wer able to check in and go to our room immediately, what a blessing! We did not have to wait long to check in and the front desk staff were very friendly. Our room was a standard room with 2 double beds and was surprisingly bigger than I thought it would be. It was perfect for My daughter and I and my friend and her daughter. Our room was one of the cleanest rooms I have ever stayed in and I tried hard to find something that was not clean. The 1st night we got back to our room about 9:30pm and realized we need more blankets, towels, pillows, shampoo and a few other things. When we called houskeeping they sent someone up immediately with the things we wanted even though we did not let them know everything all at once. They came up 3 times in a 1/2 hour, always with a smile! The doormen were very helpful, it was great that they always checked that you had a room key before they would let you in. A real perk was the little gift shop in the back of the hotel on the main floor. The prices were amazingly reasonable. If I had to find a fault with the hotel, the only thing I could even think of was that the water pressure in the shower was not as strong as I like. I could definately live with that!! The hotel was in the best location possible and very convient for ANY place we wanted to go. The subway was right out our door, Penn station just 1 1/2 blocks down, Macy's 1 block, empire state building 1-2 blocks and we actually walked to times square and back a few times! (about a 20-25 min walk) We also walked to The Today show, NBC studios etc..... If I ever get the pleasure to visit NY again, I will Definately be staying at the Holiday Inn Martinque!	
Mar 24 2005	Superb Location	My first ( of many I hope ) trip to New York and stayed at the Holiday Inn Martinique on Broadway. Superb location and service and the doorman William proved to be a bundle of information.The hotel is around the corner from Maceys, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Gardens and a host of fine Deli's, fine eating places and Irish Bars .Taxi's will take you to any part of Mannhatten within a short space of time and are really inexpensive.All in, a superb base to visit New York	
Mar 19 2005	Great location	We stayed for 3 nights, booking 3 rooms during a family vist to New York in Feb 05. Booked the rooms through Hotel Anywhere at a good price of £63 per night. The checkin was fast and efficient with friendly staff. The rooms do vary in size and view, some looking on to an internal courtyard, but the staff were happy to change rooms, you may not be so lucky in peak periods.The location is great, Empire State just around the corner, Macy's just across the road and good subway connections to Central Park and Battery Park for Ellis Island etc.I've now used this hotel twice and would certainly go for a third visit.	
Mar 10 2005	Two Thumbs Up!	This was our first trip to NYC and we booked our stay through hotwire.com. We were a little nervous about trying this service as you don't know the name of the hotel until after you pay for it, but were pleased to find out that the Holiday Inn Martinique was where we'd be staying. We got an amazing deal of $99/night through hotwire.I called the hotel directly after booking through hotwire and spoke to Anna. She was very pleasant and informed me we were booked for a &quot;full size&quot; bed but mentioned I could ask at the front desk to upgrade the bed on our arrival in NY.We arrived Sunday, Feb 27, 2005 for 4 nights and were greeted by Emmanuel, another extremely pleasant hotel employee. We asked if it were possible to upgrade to a queen size bed and he said there'd be &quot;no problem&quot; and then asked us if we'd like a King size bed. Ummm... YES!!!There is a parking garage across the street from the hotel which has discounted rates for hotel guests when you validate the ticket they give you. I think the rate was $27 per 24 hour period. It ended up cheaper than we'd planned.We were on the third floor (Room 308) at the end of the hall. Very quiet. The room was quite roomy for what we expected a NYC hotel room to be. It was VERY clean and comfy with a mini-bar and in-room safe (which we didn't use). The room had a large window, albeit looking out into a dark alley so we kept the curtains drawn.The location of this hotel was excellent. We were 1-1/2 blocks from the Empire State Building, about 1 block from Macy's and across the street from the Manhatten Mall, 10 blocks from Times Square. There was a subway entrance right beside the hotel front doors or if you needed a different subway line you could walk a couple blocks to Penn Station. We got the Metrocard ($7 each per day) which allowed us to go all over the city and come back &quot;home&quot; to drop off parcels as need be.Our first trip to NYC was a huge success and in part to our stay at this hotel. The only complaint (if you could call it that) was regulating the heat in our room. There was a thermostat in the room but the last 24 hours of our stay we found it hard to get the room &quot;toasty&quot; warm (which I like). It wasn't cold, but the heater seemed to be blowing cool air out of the fan. It didn't hamper our trip though as we were barely in the room and my husband enjoys the temperature abit cooler. Also, the weather was bitter cold outside so that could have had something to do with it.This was a great hotel with friendly staff and great amenities. If you want a hotel near all the attractions without being in the heart of Times Square (and paying tons of $$), this is the place! We'd go back again!	
Feb 23 2005	Great Hotel Good Location	I stayed for three nights in February 2005 and was very impressed with the hotel. It was clean and security was very good. But the best thing of all was the location. Right in the heart of New York, 2 blocks from the Empire State Building. The only drawback I would say is that we had two kids (11,9) and the double bed was quite small for the two of them to fit into. Having said that would go back there again.	
Feb 19 2005	Outstanding place	We stayed one night in early February and it was a great spot. Good security at the door, parking right across the street for only $27 validated at the hotel. The rooms were good, the place was nice and clean and the staff were all pleasant and helpful. This is a great spot to stay in the city with the Empire State building one block over and Times Square and the theater district only a 10 mintue walk away. I'd highly recommend this property and next time I'm in the city I'll be staying there again. You can't go wrong with this Holiday Inn.	
Feb 7 2005	Excellent Excellent Excellent Excellent	Stayed for two nights in January. Quick, friendly checkin, room in perfect order, comfortable bed. I'd stay again. Good price, good location.	
Jan 27 2005	Fantastic Location	After reading previous reviews I was also a bit wary of what to expect. Arrived on the 13 January for 5 nights before check in and was pleased to be told the room was ready. We were in the 5th floor in room 523 and whilst the room wasnt overly big it was adequate for what we needed and it overlooked broadway, the noise could be heard when you opened the windows but closed with the air conditioning on you couldnt tell what was outside. The reports about the walls being thin and noisy worried me but we didnt hear a thing (might be something to do with being so tired after long days!) Didnt eat in the hotel, went to the american burger co for breakfast a few times and you must go for sunday brunch to Isabellas on W77th street, fantastic and really cheap considering the standard! Times Square was about 10 mins walk up broadway, ESB round the block, Penn Station a block away and a metro line just outside. Didnt really use the hotels facilities, being in New York we didnt want to stay in the hotel! But couldnt fault it when we needed something. Checkout time said 11 on one notice and 12 on another. We left some shopping untuil the last minute and only checked out about 12.30 but the staff didnt say anything. The maid must have had heart attacks when she saw our shopping bags in the room! Overall, I would say the location is the best thing about this hotel, would definitely go back just for where it is. Other maybe nicer hotels nearer to central park look nice (also have not so nice prices!) but unless I had money to burn I wouldnt bother as it would take longer to get to places. Also try Rauls a french bistro between thompson and sullivan st in Soho, we managed to get a table about 6pm on saturday and it was gorgeous.	
Jan 23 2005	Great Location Highly Recommended	Arrived 15th January and despite concerns with our reservation for a few minutes (which were quickly resolved) were given a room on the 16th floor (unfortuately at the back so no views). The room was clean and tidy perfect for a five night stay. The location was fantastic just two blocks from Penn Station which was handy for coming in from Newark airport. Times Square was 15 minutes walk and the ESB was just round the corner. On the corner was a subway entrance handy for further journeys on the R/W lines. We had problems with the coffee machine which we reported one morning and on our return later that day the machine was working again. We would definitley use this hotel again whilst visiting New York.	
Jan 20 2005	Very Impressed	I was pleasently surprised when we checked in to this hotel on January 14th, 2005. I had mixed expectations (after reading the reviews) but everything was top notch. I received an exceptional rate from Hotels (93.00) and figured I would probably end up with a horrible place for that price (in NYC). The first thing we noticed when we walked into our room, was how clean the place was. It was also very near the sights. We parked the car in the garage for the 3 days and walked or took the subway EVERYWHERE. This hotel is centrally located and the subway enterance is on the corner.This was an exceptional value and we will definitely stay here again.	
Jan 17 2005	Great hotel!!!!!!!!	We got started off very badly once we arrived (Dec 28th - Jan 1st). It was about 7pm and we checked in. We were sent to the 8th floor and the room was occupied. We went back down to the front desk, was given another room on the 4th floor, it was also occupied! Now we're upset. We go back to the front desk and we were given another room on the 4th floor. 3rd time a charm! It was unoccupied. Other than the mixups when checking in, our room was very clean. We got a room with 2 double beds. We stayed there 4 nights. You must show your room key whenever returning to the hotel so that was peace of mind that there is some security. I would most definetly stay at this hotel again. It was in a FANTASTIC location and located near Penn Station which was very convenient for us. They didn't even charge us for the rollaway bed. You couldn't ask for a better location. We didn't have the best view - we were in the back BUT it was very quiet and we slept great! Very quiet hotel. The staff I would give mixed reviews. Some were helpful and some were not. I would recommend double and triple checking your reservation though! All in all, the hotel was great and no disappointments. I would stay there again.	
Jan 12 2005	Location Location Location	We stayed at the Martinique just before Christmas 2004... and it was brilliant.... we were very sceptical after reading the mixed reviews on this sight, but I had to write one myself after being there. The hotel was in such a fabulous location. The staff were very friendly and helpful (thought the singing doorman was a nice touch) the hotel was well presented and clean. We felt safe the entire time we stayed there. The breakfast incuded was wonderful.... the only drawback on the hotel was the room size.... but hey your in New York City.... you don't need to sit in your room. It seemed a small sacrifice for such a brilliant location. Can't wait to go back. A *****	
Jan 5 2005	Good Value at the Martinique	We stayed at the Martinique over the 2005 New Year period. Good clean room, good security and pleasant, polite staff, especially the bell captains who were excellent at arranging transport etc. My only criticism is regarding the slow check-in where the front desk staff are very good but there are not enough of them to cope with peak periods.	
Jan 3 2005	Overpriced	Due to the disorganisation of the husband, we ended up booking this the night before our stay on 29th December and paid $220 for the room. Upon arrival, was disappointed to find out check-in was at 4pm but check-out is at 11am. The room itself was very small but had all required facilities and was clean. Our window looked onto some scaffolding and I was a little surprised to see workmen on it whilst dressing the next day! Breakfast was poor but luckily I wasn't hungry. The gym was OK but I didn't get to use it as it was a little off putting to find that the people in the office could watch you working out. The best thing about the hotel is probably the location - it is just around the corner from the Empire State Building and we walked to Times Square. Wouldn't stay there again for that price - I am sure that there are far better hotels available.	
Dec 21 2004	Recommended	Spent a few days in this hotel which in in a great location, just around the corner from Macy's. Had a fabulous stay. Room was beautifully clean and bathroom too. Was really well looked after. Continental breakfast was very impressive with lots of hot and cold choices,very good value and staff really were very helpful.Recommend you stay here. I would definately go bcak there.	
Dec 17 2004	Great location	Stayed last weekend, everyone was helpful and kind. Felt secure, they checked room keys entering hotel each time. Room was basic and clean. Paper thin walls so you can hear your neighbours. Paid alot for the time of year. No view from our 15th floor room. Overall, average.	
Dec 15 2004	Not too bad for the Price	My husband and I stayed here in May of 04, we got a pretty good deal on the hotel. The rooms are very small, but clean. Although some of the staff wasn't friendly, some were very helpful calling cabs for us and helping us with directions. The location is good. Just a short walk down to times square. If you are on a budget this hotel works well. If you are looking for an upscale hotel I don't recommed that you stay here.	
Nov 26 2004	Fiasco at the Holiday Inn	We stayed at the Holiday Inn last month for 4 nights. The best thing about it was the location, right in the centre of things.Everything else about the hotel was a shambles. I am still trying to sort out problems with my credit card where I have been billed for someone elses stay. We came back after a day out to find that our room hadn't been cleaned. We were in a smoking room despite requesting a non smoking room and the whole floor stunk.The bar was expensive and a lot of the staff were very abrupt. I would not go back to this hotel.	
Nov 15 2004	It was better than I thought it would be except for.....	Smokers alley as we called it, the smoking 8th floor which is where we got put, (even after me emailing them to advise I was pregnant and would be arriving late so could they take this into consideration when allocating rooms) As you came out of the lift, the smell of smoke was terrible. The room itself was fine, clean (Bed clothes did smell of smoke but they changed them at our request on day 2 of our trip) the beds were comfortable and the bathroom had everything you needed and it worked. The customer service was a little hit and miss on the front desk and as they are the 1st representation for the hotel, this really should be 1st class. The duty manager did let us keep our room on check out day for another 5hours at no extra cost though. The Breakfast buffet was excellent value and the restruarant staff very attentitive to your needs. The hotel is well situated and I would recommend it as long as you ask for a non smoking room when making your booking. We visited 11/11/04-14/11/04.	
Nov 4 2004	No problems	An excellent location for exploring this part of Manhattan. Service was excellent - especially when we arrived and there was no record of our booking, they rang Expedia right away and sorted it all out without a fuss.The restaurant - especially the buffet breakfast - was great, and very reasonably priced.	
Oct 18 2004	Avoid Avoid Avoid there are far better hotels for the $$$	I recently had the &quot;pleasure&quot; of arranging a business meeting and hotel rooms for 8 guests at the Holiday Inn 'Martinique'. I have never had a worse experience in my career. AVOID THIS HOTEL. It all started from the minute I called their reservation office. The person could hardly speak English and messed up every single one of the 8 reservations I made (each a single, non-smoking room) pretty straightforward or so I thought. She even listed multiple names on each reservation for added confusion. The &quot;sales&quot; department was not much better. It took them 3 days to respond to my request to book a conference room and send pricing. It also took 4 reviews of everyone's reservation to ensure they were correct, but when we arrived at the hotel they were all messed up again. My boss had to wait 45 minutes for a room. Not a good thing. For a hotel that has &quot;conference center&quot; in their title, they surely don't have any staff experienced in running a business much less a hotel. Really unbelievable, every step was painful made worse by the service, rudeness, and general uncaring attitude to &quot;make things right&quot;. Heck, I never even got a thank you or a receipt when I asked for one!	
Oct 13 2004	3 star prices for 2 star service	One would think that when staying at a Holiday Inn, no matter where it was located, there is a certain amount of quality but we didn't find that at this NYC hotel. Upon check in, we realized that the key to our room didn't work. And although this was immediately reported to the front desk, during the 3 days that we spent at the Martinique every time we left the room and returned, we had to wait for security to come let us into our room. This sometimes took up to 20 minutes!!! (I do have to give kudos to John in security -- he was a very nice friendly guy who seemed dumbfounded by the fact that our key continually refused to work -- may have had something to do with the battery in the lock losing power, at least that's the explanation everyone used to explain the problem but nobody ever bothered to recharge the battery). Then there was the fact that we were put in a smoking room when we specifically requested a non-smoking room. My inquiry into being moved to a non-smoking room seems to have been overlooked. And while the room was clean, it was somewhat shabby. However, the one thing the Martinique had going for it was location!! Perfect for tourists on a budget who wanted to stay somewhere central. Just don't expect the bare minimums of a 3 star hotel . . . this one is probably on the lower tier of 2 stars!!	
Oct 10 2004	We thought it was OK! In fact it was good!	We stayed from Sept 8th to Sept 11th 2004. We had been in New York for a few days earlier before having a weeks break in Lake George. The Skyline Hotel cost us more and we were pleased that the Hotel Martinique was better quality for less money. We couldn't fault the hotel apart from little things like providing a fridge and safe in the room and expecting you to pay extra to use them. The room was well appointed and the bathroom was of a high standard.The hotel is well situated and the staff were all very helpful and appreciative of a few dollars tip. I would have no qualms whatsoever about recommending the hotel to friends and stopping there if ever I back in NY.If you are visiting NY for a holiday I would recommend getting one of those tickets that allow you to see all the attractions for a reduced price, e.g the Empire State Building, SS Intrepid and the Manhatten Cruise.	
Aug 30 2004	a little sketchy	We wanted to stay somewhere midtown, so we thought that the Holiday Inn would be an inexpensive, but decent choice. As it turned out, the room itself met just the minimum qualifications for a 3-star hotel. There wasn't anything terribly wrong - it was just very run down. With taxes, the room cost around $150/night - not a great deal...	
Aug 19 2004	Not Typical Holiday Inn quality	I travel to NY on business frequently and thought I'd try another Holiday Inn property closer to where I needed to go. Big mistake. First of all, this property is privately owned and not part of the Intercontinental properties. It shows. At check in (2am, after delayed flight!), I proceeded to the designated Priority Club check in. As I stood there waiting for one of the two employees to wait on me, another family came to the desk in the regular line and were taken care of first. I was given a smoking room (non-smoking was reserved), the room though large for NY city standards was extremely dated, bathroom floor dirty and beds were very sagged. I awoke the next morning to banging and pounding and found two rooms next to mine were being completely remodeled! All the furniture was moved to the corridor and someone was installing carpet. This was at 7:30am! That night upon returning to the hotel, I asked to change rooms. After returning to my room to gather my belongings, I found that my magazines left on the night table were gone. After reporting this to the front desk manager, he did little but say he'd have to call security and housekeeping. Upon checking out, no one knew the whereabouts of my magazines. Surprisingly after insisting I be reimbursed, they credited my bill for the magazines. I would not recommend staying at this property. There are much better in NY. This neighborhood may be 'convenient', but it isn't worth it.	
Jul 27 2004	Great for a trip for 4	I came here in June 2003 with 3 of my girlfriends for a short shopping trip to NYC. This was one of the cheapest hotels we could find through expedia (160.00) that had room for 4 and was close to everything. The room was standard, clean, regular size. The lobby was really nice. We checked our luggage in at the front desk early in the morning and then did shopping and came back later to check in. Everythng went fine except for the check-in took FOREVER! To avoid paying for extra people we just had two people go in to check in and then one brought us out the room keys and then the other two went in (you have to show a security guard your room key before he lets you in to the elevator, which made me feel a little safer). Having never been to NY before it was a great location, there was a subway enterance right next to and across the street. You could see down the street was a less desirable area but we stayed on broadway and we were right near the empire state building, a Manhattan mall right across the street, H&amp;M, Macy's, Madison Square Garden. Central Park, Times Square, 9/11 Memorial were all within 1-2 subway stops away so it only took 5 min to get there. My only complaint is that my friends all complained that the matresses were super uncomfortable with springs in their backs, i slept fine, i must have gotten the good side of the bed :). I would come here again if i was staying for a short time with friends, but not if i had to pay 160.00 for myself. You cant beat $40/night/person in NY!	
Jul 23 2004	Great Hotel	After reading the negative reviews posted about this hotel, I was apprehensive about our stay. But, I had nothing to worry about. Everything about this hotel was great including the low rate we found online! We were permitted to check in early in order to make it to a family wedding. The room was large, clean and comfortable and the bathroom was huge! Everyone from the front desk staff, to the bellhops, doormen and maids were extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel was surprisingly quiet for being centrally located to everything...shopping, Empire State Building, subways. Our stay at the Martinique couldn't have been better!	
Jul 22 2004	Stop whining this place is great!	We stayed at this hotel on the 30th of July for one night just prior to sailing out of NY on the Queen Mary 2. The staff was just about as nice as can be and the room itself, while not posh, was incredibly clean, well maintained, comfortable and best of all, we felt safe. It's very convienient to Macy's, Penn Station, the ESB, and just about a 15 minute walk to Times Square. We drove into the city and I decided to drop the family off at the hotel before taking back our rental car. When we arrived, I asked the bell hop if he knew how to get to the National Rental Car location and he offered to go inside, call them, and then ride along with me to drop the car off and then walk back. I told him not to worry about it but, just his offering was the sign of great service. Later that night, I asked about a certain restaurant and he went inside and came back out with a discount coupon; hey, it saved me $20!Thru the years I've learned that, if you treat someone with respect and not as though they are beneath you, you'll get it in return. I can't imagine anyone having a problem with anyone who works at this hotel.I would recommend this place to just about anyone.	
Jul 3 2004	Lock up your belongings	When we stayed there in May of this year we had items taken from our suitcase and when we reported it to security we were told there was nothing they could do as we could not prove that the items were taken while we stayed there. As we had just arrived in NY and told them that the items were in our suitcase upon check in. Also when we checked in, we were early and told that they would check us in but they would not hold on to our cases until our room was ready so we had to stay in the hotel bar until it was ready. Although central and is a great base while staying in NY the stanford next door seemed nicer. Would not recommend this hotel to anybody.	
Jun 30 2004	Caution go elsewhere in Manhattan	Great location just one block from Empire State building. Check in fine and everything on first trip ok. Returned after one day in Canada and found it a totally different experience. The check in took 15. As we returned at 22.00 only smoking rooms were left. Payment was made in advance but they took no account of that saying rooms given on first come first served despite what you have asked for. Placed in the pent house! Actually it's just the top floor attic room. Can't stand up in bath come shower as I would have hit head. Staff rude and surly, but expect that everywhere in Manhattan. Not good for the money. Much better quality can be found for the price, shop around.	
Jun 29 2004	The PERFECT visit and family vacation	Five night stay from 21 June to 26 June 2004. Family of three. 12th floor Rm. 1218 The title of this review says it all! The walk from Penn Station to the hotel with our bags was no problem. The lobby was clean and the staff was very courteous and professional. From font desk check in, to our room was about 5 minutes. The room was slightly smaller than most Holiday Inns but I expected it to be. We had plenty of room for our family. The entire room was extremely clean and very well maintained. Restraunt menu was limited but we enjoyed dinner and the breakfast buffet. Housekeeper on the 12th floor (Aurora) made our stay extra special with little touches, such as leaving our daughter's stuffed animal on the bed facing the door to greet us upon our return from touring. She always greeted us in the hallway every morning, with a smile and a hearty &quot;top of the morning to you&quot;. The location was perfect and we found everything we needed within a 5 minute walk, i.e. restrauants, subways, shopping. Bottom line: I will recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to visit NYC, and will stay there again, should we visit NYC in the future.	
Jun 19 2004	Check in disaster	Would not recommend this hotel to anyone unless you are desperate.Its in a very busy central area and not very pleasant. The public rooms are small, the bar doubles up as breakfast area. The barman can't make cocktails. Breakfast is poor with a very limited selection. Staff are friendly but not very interested. The rooms are clean but small.We arrived at 14:00hrs and were told there were no rooms available and told to come back at 16:00hrs. At 16:00hrs we were given two rooms, one was Ok and the other turned out to be occupied by another guest. They gave us a key card for his room!!! So much for security.Next we were given a room on 18th floor business suite which was totally unacceptable. It was dirty, smoky and dark. Then finally after applying pressure on the duty manager we were given a twin room for my two daughter's after almost 4 hours wait. Do you need this after a long flight?Would not stay there again, there is much better around. Stay at your peril and if you do, don't give in. Push for what you asked for. Geoff Crisp UK 	
Jun 17 2004	Great Stay	I read the reviews fom others and decided to take a chance. The rooms were clean, the service friendly and the location was sensational. I did not try to use the internet connection as I used an internet cafe right down the street from the hotel. I especially was pleased with security as the doorman checked for your key as you entered the lobby. I would stay there again!	
Jun 8 2004	A Memorial Day Weekend to Remember	I also read the negative comments about the hotel and was ready for anything when I got there over the weekend...I was VERY surprised. Despite a mix-up w/ our room (HOTELS.COM at fault)...our stay was part of a very, very, nice vacation. The location couldn't have been better...it's close to everything! Not only were the staff members friendly and helpful....one of them even took me and my friends site-seeing around the city after he got off work...how much more helpful and friendly can you be?!!! So thanks to Anthony our new friend and tour-guide...I can't wait until my next NYC vacation....I know exactly where I will be staying! ;)	
Jun 4 2004	Great location!!!	Stayed here in May 2004, saw mixed reviews but have to say it was fantastic! Bit of a mix up at check in as we wanted a twin room but some free drinks sorted that one out! After hearing comments about the size of rooms in New York I couldn't believe the size of our room - it was huge! The staff were very friendly, breakfast buffet was very good and could not fault the location as it's so convienient for everywhere. All in all a great hotel, in a great location and would go there again!	
May 25 2004	Good Price Good Service	My Husband and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Martinique for 1 week in April 2004. Our stay was more than pleasant, Our room was cleaned each day with fresh linens daily. The coffee pot and coffee packets each day were a plus. Budget minded yes, but this hotel does not lack service. Wouuld recommend to anyone looking for a clean and affordable place to spend a vacation.	
May 25 2004	Good value for the money!	This hotel was above average. There were mixed reviews on the boards and not that much information out there when we were booking it, so here goes:Great location, very clean. Two blocks from Macy's, 10 blocks from Times Square, two blocks from the Empire State. Cleanliness in a hotel is the most important thing for me, and I'm fairly picky/squeamish about some things. I can put up with bad service, but not a dirty hotel. So we were pleasantly surprised! The rate was about 115/night I believe. But I ended up getting a discount, paying 99/night 9see below) Excellent service, especially the bell desk. The bellman was loading our bags onto his cart minutes after we arrived, took it up to our room right away. Check in was easy, although we arrived late at night. Check out was even easier. Good security, you have to show your room key every time you come into the hotel. Good buffet breakfast in the lobby restaurant (not included), 11.99). Again, good service in the restaurant. The room was clean, good towels, decent furniture, tv, alarm clock, iron, big closet. I think the hotel must have been recently renovated, as everything looked new-ish. Small room, average bed, a double I think, no view. We stayed in Room 1815. It was very quiet, fairly secluded and tucked away at the back of the hotel, on the top floor. Our friends had a good room, good view, no closet. We noticed a lot of airline staff stayed there. That says a lot, I think. They even had their own check in desk! Problems were minor: 1) first morning, our room was not cleaned. We arrived back about 10 pm. I called the duty manager, who apologized profusely, sent up clean towels within minutes, and knocked our rate down to 99/night for the duration of our stay. No problems at all after that. 2) we ordered coffee from room service Friday morning *almost 7 bucks for three cups!! When we left on Monday, the tray was still sitting in the hallway, right where we left it. Again, a minor problem. Advice: go to Speedy's across the street for coffee. Great food too, we ate there three times and it was amazing. The coffee provided for the coffee maker in the room was horrid. Room service coffee was good. Overall, this was a good hotel, great value for what we paid. We will definitely stay there again. 	
May 18 2004	Wonderful Mother's Day weekend!!	My mother, sister and I just spent 3 nights at the Martinique on Broadway for 3 nights. We had some problems when we got there with our room not being ready but the front desk manager got us another room right away and gave us free coupons for drinks and appetizers in their bar. I found the staff to be friendly and the security very good. Whenever we needed anything (pillows, towels,washcloths) the staff was always very prompt in bringing it to the room. We really enjoyed the Irish Pub down the street &quot;Jack Dempsy's&quot;. We ate dinner there twice and I would go back again.	
May 11 2004	Friendly and helpful staff	We stayed at the Martinique for 3 days and can only compliment the attitude of the helpful and friendly staff. We initially had a problem with our room due to work on the heating system which was not fully completed. The duty manager immediately apologised and moved us to a superior room. Would most certainly stay again. 	
Mar 30 2004	Holiday Inn Martinque On Broadway - thumbs down im afraid.	Firstly, what a place. For both of us it was the first time to stop off in NYC for the weekend. It was wonderful, I think that we managed to taste just about everything in the short two days we were there... But we didnt sleep much... nor spend very long at all in the hotel room (read below). For those new to the city prepare to spend a wad of cash.... It seemed to fly from our wallets! The people were very friendly and helpful on the whole. Sightseeing was expensive, and there were queues for most attractions. Food on the whole was inexpensive, and the portions large.Turning now to the hotel, which, unfortunately was the downside to this trip. The Holiday Inn Martinique was awful, simply awful. Firstly, we arrived about an hour later than planned (5.30pm). There was a huge line at check-in (at least half an hour), despite being priority club members we weren't offered the promised priority treatment. The clerk checked us into a single room!!!! After we had paid for and reserved a double!!!! BEWARE. The room was marginally larger than the bed, had no closet space - certainly a lot smaller than the photographs on the website suggest. In the bathroom, which was small - but adequately sized, grout was colored black in places - evidence of mildew. Also the bathtub looked like it had been there, and well used for more years than it probably should have been, with clear discoloration. The bed, yes the bed. Well it was a 'double' as they described, double in the fact that two people could lie in it with a sheet of paper to separate them! (most people wouldnt call it a double to look at it tho!) The sheets however were clean and fresh. We did complain, primarily about it being a single room - however, reception took ages to answer, and REFUSED to acknowledge their mistake. A second call to the manager, they acknowledged the error, but tough - the hotel is full! They offered to move us on our second and final night.We didnt come to New York to complain and waste time dealing with sub-standard service, so we let the matter lie. And we did have a mind blowing, exciting weekend which we wouldnt miss for the world.We had one incident with the check-in/security, when our swipe card didnt work. They refused me access to the room as my name wasnt the same as my partner - despite me showing full photo id. This was exhasperating and very frustrating, and needed me becoming VERY ASSERTIVE before they would do anything about it.However, whilst we were checking the room before check-out, we had the misfortune to check under the bed... and saw [1] a packet of snacks had been emptied under there (some time before), [2] balls of hair and fluff.. So it would seem that the room service doesnt really clean the rooms thouroughly.The staff overall were not welcoming, and you feel very much part of a production line, rather than a guest of the hotel.On check out, we pointed out the bad aspects of the hotel to a very patronising manager who had the good grace to give us $50 of Holiday Inn vouchers. We've stayed in other Holiday Inn's where the service and standard has been exemplary. Unfortunately, Martinique on Broadway isnt one of these properties. So its a great big thumbs up to the Big Apple, but a disapointing thumbs down to the Holiday Inn.	
Mar 15 2004	Highly Recommended	My college daughter and I stayed 8 nights at Holiday Inn Martinique on Broadway. We were very pleased with our accomodations, the service, security, cleanliness, location, and treatment we received. We would definintally recommend this hotel and stay there again if in NYC. Great location!	
Mar 12 2004	Bring your own TILEX	If you want service, do not stay at the Holiday Inn Martinique Hotel. The down fall of that hotel is the rude Managers that are currently working there. I remember when the hotel first open about 4 or 5 years ago the respect, the service and friendliness the managers gave the guest was very very satisfying. The front desk employees always had a smile and the room attendants were so attentive.WHAT HAPPEN! Know with the exeption of Carolyn, I think that's her name everyone at the front desk is grumpy. And the housekeepers look like their most loving relative past away. Well I understand about the housekeepers because i called housekeeping and asked to speak to the director,because the grout in my room was disgusting. I remember her name because i made sure i wrote it down. (GETA ) I explained the problem with the grout she said she will take care of it. I went to my meeting and when i returned the grout was extremely white I proceded to remove my clothing and got in to shower. When I finished taking my shower I noticed that the grout was the same way it was before I complained to Ms. Geta. Apparently the director of housekeeping at the holiday inn paints the grout instead of good old fashion tilex and a grout brush. When I called to speak to her Ms. Geta was very offensive and slammed the phone. This hotel I will never visit again. THANK YOU GETA!!	
Mar 6 2004	Better than expected...	Having read some bitter remarks about this hotel I found little to complain during my 8 nights stay in march 2004. I booked the room online on the Holiday Inn homepage, the reservation worked, the room was very clean with a view, the room service was excellent, the staff nearly almost friendly. The location of the hotel is excellent, you are within minutes at all locations in Manhatten. Two negative remarks: though the hotel has only a few lifts some are constantly out of order, that takes some time, do not use the phone exept for local calls, the price is absurd. Tip: book early online, the rates seem do differ from day to day.	
Mar 5 2004	Good for tourists not business travel	Stayed for three nights at the Holiday in Marinique on Broadway in early March, 2003. The room was clean and spacious, well lighted, and well furnished. The housekeeping was excellent. I found that using the dialup internet access in the rooms was impossible; it took three or four attempts (each costing $1.00 for the local call) to get a 22,000 kbs connection that was not suitable for uploading data. One or two of the elevators was out of order the entire stay, so getting in and out of the building was not easy during &quot;rush hours&quot;. If I had not been under pressure to use e-mail and to get to and from the worksite quickly, it might have been better.	
Feb 17 2004	Not a valued guest of Holiday Inn	I have the say this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in NY. I felt like I was not a guest of the hotel because I was told by the Holiday Inn staff that I booked the room through an online site and did not have the same priviledges as a hotel guest who books the room through Holiday Inn. I was told I have a room with a view and a Queen size bed only to find out I had no view and two twin beds and they said sorry you are not a Holiday Inn guest of the hotel. The manager then said how can I make your stay better, but sorry you are not a guest of Holiday Inn cause you booked it online. The rooms were a hole in the wall and the bathrooms were filthy, you had to disinfect from the dirt cause you could not call the front desk to assist you because you were not a guest of the hotel cause you booked the room online. I would not recommend this hotel chain to anyone, you are better off sleeping with the homeless on Broadway cause they have a cleaner piece of cardboard and nicer manners then the Holiday Inn.	
Feb 14 2004	I recommend this hotel	My daughter and I stayed at the Martinique in July 2003 when we came to NY for her NYU orientation. Two little quibbles: one of the elevators was out of service and they only have 56k dialup in their business center.The room was decent - two double beds, not particularly large but it served the purpose. It was clean and quiet and we didn't feel cramped, so we were happy.They offer a pretty good breakfast buffet every morning in the little restaurant area. There's also a business center with fax machines and computers. I spent an hour online and it only cost me $5, which is cheap.GREAT LOCATION! 10 easy blocks to Times Square and the Theater District, 2 blocks to Penn Station and Madison Square Garden, about 2 blocks to Macy's and a really neat mall, and maybe a block from the Empire State Building. I'd stay there again and would recommend it to friends.	
Jan 19 2004	Wonderful experience at the Holiday Inn Martinique		
Jan 7 2004	Nothing wrong with this hotel		
Dec 15 2003	Be careful with the thieves!		
Dec 15 2003	loved new york but not The Martinique		
Aug 29 2003	Fair price		
Aug 23 2003	Martinique for dog lovers!		
Jun 24 2003	Avoid Martinique at All Costs		
May 29 2003	It was okay		
Apr 30 2003	Great location but rooms very small.		
Mar 15 2003	An enjoyable stay with 3 minor quibbles		
Nov 22 2009 	I love Radisson!		
Oct 13 2009 	Bon plan !		
Sep 26 2009	bof		
Sep 13 2009 	Idéalement situé		
Aug 25 2009 	Bon hotel bien situé		
Jul 28 2009 	Nós recomendamos		
Jul 11 2009 	trés convenable		
Jun 29 2009 	tutto ok! davvero soddisfatto!		
May 30 2009	Perfecto Para 7 Dias En New York		
May 17 2009 	Só para americanos		
May 6 2009 	Un hotel in posizione centrale e molto confortevole.		
Apr 17 2009 	Très bel hôtel		
Jan 12 2009 	vraiment pas terrible		
Sep 15 2008 	valido  corretto  comodo  tutto ok		
Aug 18 2008 	Toplage für einen Kurztrip nach NY		
Aug 15 2008 	Très bon hôtel bien situé		
Jul 30 2008 	posizione comodissima conveniente se si trova offerta online		
Jun 2 2008 	Un hotel che consiglio!		
May 22 2008 	Das Martinique ist absolut empfehlenswert!!!		
Apr 27 2008	Recomendable		
Apr 20 2008 	Gute Lage der Rest eher mäßig ...		
Dec 7 2007 	Mille motivi per NON andare in questo hotel !		
Nov 12 2007 	Hotel genial		
Aug 14 2007 	Das Radisson Martinique war ein Traum		
Jun 3 2007	Bon hôtel		
Apr 5 2007 	Somos los miscos de Madrid!!!!		
Mar 14 2007 	Angenehmer Aufenthalt		
