Nov 18 2009 	WORST Hotel Experience of my LIFE! DO NOT Stay Here!!	For the ridiculous price of the hotel, I figured my stay here would be at least satisfactory. Well, that was clearly not the same plan this hotel had for me. I was greeted by an extremely unpleasant woman, at the front desk who handed me my key and that was it. But this is NYC, so unpleasant people are the norm. I made my way to my room on the 11th floor, when I walked in the room, it was clearly unmade. The previous guest had just left so the room was trashed. Figuring they made a mistake, I went back down to the lobby for a new room. I waited, and now got a room on the 4th floor, feeling a little disappointed, I made myself comfortable. After-all this was my birthday trip! About 10 minutes after being in room #2 we realize, the bathroom door doesn't work. The sliding door literally doesn't open or close. We call down to the lobby getting more frustrated after 10 minutes of being on hold with no answer. I made my way back down to the lobby for the second time, and they said they would send someone up to look at it. After waiting another 45 minutes, I ask for a manager. They send a contractor to our room who comes to the obvious conclusion that the door is completely off the hinge and isn't even embedded in the concrete, and it will take days to fix. They finally reassign us to another room. This time on the 17th floor...sounds like an upgrade for all of our troubles right? WRONG! This was a complete down grade! The theme of the room was 1972, again, the bathroom handle didn't work...apparently they don't like for their guests to have privacy. Completely FURIOUS, of horrible staff and hotel, we consider changing hotels but of course it was already paid for, and we are there to see the city not the hotel. Guess what the hotel doesn't tell their guests? There is CONSTRUCTION going on for 8am -7pm EVERYDAY. Yep, that was just the icing on the cake to the worst hotel experience of my life. If this rant saves one person from staying at this hell hole than my job is done.	
Nov 10 2009 	Convenient Location	Hotel was a couple of blocks away from Time Square and Fifth Ave. Subway was just around the corner and can travel to Koreatown and Chinatown on the same line. Rooms were smaller than expected, had requested through Mariott &quot;high-level&quot; view and got no view, and had low water pressure. I got a good deal so it was worth the money, would stay here again due to easy access to everything.	
Oct 26 2009 	Rooms were small and not modern for the price	I stayed at this hotel for two nights, for the price it wasn't worth it AT ALL. Some floors were under construction and it was really nosey during the day and morning. I accidently got a one bed which I requested a two bed. They charged me $30 extra dollars a night when I had reserved one. The staff was friendly and delivered good service. I didn't really like this hotel for a few reasons: there was NO views, the bathrooms look very old, the elevators are really slow, taxi's really do not stop at this location, and the AC/heater in our rooms did not work. For what I paid a night I could have stayed at a better, nicer hotel in Midtown.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Stay!	I stayed at this hotel for two night and had a great experience. The location was perfect for broadway. All of the theaters are in walking distance. Despite being so close to Times Square, the hotel was very quiet. Even with construction outside on the street, we heard nothing. The beds were very comfortable and the staff was very friendly. I would highly recommend this hotel. Yes, it isn't cheap but you're in NYC! When I come back to New York, I will stay at this hotel again/	
Oct 13 2009 	very comfortable beds quiet helpful staff	Stayed in Manhatten over columbus day weekend and all hotel prices were outrageous- including this one. $332/night. The hotel was a three star but clean, amazing marriot beds to sink into, freindly helpful staff. And complimentary coffee and tea machine near elevator which was lovely. Would certainly consider staying here again if want to saty in this area. Good location -just south of times sq, a walk to lord and taylors. Nice sized rooms- booked king and they asked if we wanted a dble because it was my daughter and me- which was terrific	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel in Great location. Very secure 	We've stayed 3 nights in New York City. Our first trip here and we'll definitely come back and stay at this Courtyard -Times Square. I don't like high floors and they accomidated me with a newly remodeled 3rd floor room. The room is beautiful and not noisy in the least. We had heard that you had to stay at least 7 floors up to avoid street sounds but we've found this to be untrue.The only odd thing about this hotel is the new bathrooms which are very clean and modern. The door slides across the threshold like a barn or hanger door. It doesn't seal into a door jam, just slides over the door opening. The door is heavy and those with poor arm strength will have problems. Also, it doesn't provide privacy for bathroom functions. I know they thought it would be cool, but not so much. That's my only negitive thing to say. Otherwise, loved it.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location service and hotel.	This hotel is a great value for the price. It is close to Fifth Avenue and is surrounded by shops and restaurants. The staff is extremely helpful. There is a bar/restaurant right on the premises. The complimentary coffee and business center are a nice touch. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 22 2009 	Best value and location for Broadway and fashion district.	We were especially pleased with the friendly, accommodating staff and the fact that even though we were in the middle of everything, the street noise was minimal. We might choose a package that includes breakfast the next trip, because the restaurant was quite good.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great hotel friendly and helpful staff	This is a standard business hotel without much character. In its favour it has a great location - opposite a subway station and within walking distance of most Midtown sights. The rooms are a reasonable size with a large double bed. its a pity there is no mini-fridge/mini-bar as it would been useful to keep drinks etc in. The air con works well. We didn't eat at the hotel (breakfast was available for an additional fee), but there was free coffee. There's lots of coffee shops and deli's in the neighborhood. The staff were friendly and obliging when needed. I thought it was value for money bearing in mind the location.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Location. No complaints	Great location. Clean, stylish room. Staff were extremely helpful and nice. Very safe surroundings. Love all loved it and will go back.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great location but extremely overpriced!!!	Stayed at this hotel for one night. Location is great! It's kind of secluded and out of the hustle and bustle of Times Square. It has a restaurant, but it only serves breakfast. The room was ok, but not the best room I've had for a Marriott. The bathroom was not very clean..the tub and toilet lid were dirty. The shower made a hideous noise when the hot water was turned on. The bathroom door swung closed (without having to close it yourself). The view was of some awful, old office buildings and a fire escape. For the rates they are charging at this hotel per night, it should have a nice of view of the city. When I checked in I asked for late checkout for the next day. I was told that I would have to request it, which is what I was doing. So after a several minute round and round conversation that made no sense, I was told that there was no late checkout at this location. The next day, attached to my statement was a late checkout option, but at an additional rate. Are you kidding? I have stayed at many hotels and requested late checkout, and I certainly wasn't charged for it. Overall, I think the rates are way too high for what you get here. It was not worth $279/night, other than the fact that it's right in Times Square. I would not stay here again.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great location friendly staff could be cleaner	The room was small but comfortable and the location fabulous. When we arrived in our room, it wasn't exactly clean -- lots of hair around the bed, a puddle of water on the sink counter. And I had my coffee black -- no creamer in the room. But the front desk and concierge staff were great, as were the free coffee and computers in the lobby.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great Location/Reasonable rates/Haunted Hotel!	Me: 28/female, My partner: 30/male - On one of our many trips to Manhattan, we stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. My boyfriend, who is extremely resourceful at finding the best deals on hotels, found this hotel at a pretty decent rate for central NYC hotels. I beleive it was about $160 - $180 per night. It was a good location to all things touristy and near the theatre district (which is mostly why we vacation to NYC). The staff is friendly and the service is fine. Nothing over the top or special and nothing to write home about. The rooms are definitely spacious as far as NYC hotels go. My boyfriend swears he encountered a ghost on our floor while he was by himself waiting for the elevator. He is postive that it is haunted. And he is not one to joke around about that stuff. While he was waiting for the elevator, someone brushed past him, but when he turned around there was nothing there.Good experience overall, and if the rates were to be offered at $150/night, we would stay again.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great value location and rooms	We stayed for 4 nights mostly weekend, and the price was in average 160$ a night. We found this to be a great value. later on when we wanted to stay again in the hotel the prices went up to 280$ and we prefered less expensive options. Our review is based also on the specific price we had paid. The location is wonderful - 50 meters from Times square but yet in a more quiet and less chaotic street. The room was very big, king bed was amazing with lots lots of pillows and the LCD big TV screen was cool. The service was ok - efficiant but not overly nice (receptionists in NYC in general seem to have an attitude and in this hotel it was not exception). Fitness room is small but the as no one worked out, it was just good enough for our needs. The only disadvantage we found was the room facing mostly adjacent office buildings. This had 2 problems - one lack of direct daylight, and 2nd - lack of privacy when offices were occupied (luckily, during the weekend we didnt have that problem).	
Aug 6 2009 	Still a good central location	Marriott Courtyard Times Sq is better than the last visit (2006??). The check-in is the usual chaos because it is too small. The hotel has no bar or restaurant but that is not a problem at this location. The bedrooms are large for NYC with comfortable beds. The concierge is excellent.	
Aug 3 2009 	Excellent location close to times square	This hotel is very close to Time Square and Union station. The rooms and the floor are small but relatively decent considering you are in the middle of Manhattan. The location makes up for the size of the room. There isn't much in the way of ammenities but since you are within walking distance of Time Square, you can get anything delivered.	
Jul 28 2009 	Excellent Value on Times Square	My daughter and I had a wonderful night at the Courtyard Times Square! Perfect location to the theater for the performance on Friday night, just a block from Times Square and only a short walk to Penn Station to and from our train. Nice and out of the traffic of the Square, but close to everything and quiet. The rooms were standard NYC small, but worked for us. Would have been cramped with four. No view, but who cares when you are in NYC and out and about. Paid around $150 for a Friday night over the holiday weekend thanks to promos through the Marriott web site. Would stay here again and again! Front desk staff was very nice and helpful with directions.	
Jul 9 2009 	Excellent stay and highly recommend	My best friend and I stayed for 4 nights at this hotel for a girl's weekend getaway. The customer service was excellent and front desk/concierge staff accommodated our every need. Upon check in, we were given a room that had not been cleaned which we didn't complain about but, just informed the front desk. We were given another room immediately and received a voucher for breakfast for 2 for free (value $16.99 each) in the hotel the next morning. The breakfast was great (eggs made to order, waffles, fresh fruit, etc..) The hotel was clean, quiet, and in a great location. We were able to walk to everything (Rockefeller Center, Times Square, Macy's, Broadway show, etc...) Free Wifi and when I had trouble with the connection, the front desk got me in touch with a tech person right away. 2 computers available in the lobby as well. Free coffee/hot tea around the clock in the lobby. Best value for it's location and we will definitely stay there again!	
Jun 22 2009 	Fabulous Location Comfortable Room	My stay was exactly wha tI would expect from a Courtyard. Comfortable, clean, friendly accommodations. Since they have blocked off streets in Times Square and made seating space we were within a couple of blocks of being able to sit and relax righ there. There was a refrigerator in the room which was plus. They have a touch screen in the lobby with local information which is very cool and 24-hour coffee. We'll definitely stay again and grab another handful of those delicious multi-colored candies at the front desk.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great hotel!!	Everyone was friendly at check in. Room was great! Nice and clean. Bed was very comfortable! Unfortunately, we had an emergency at home and had to leave at 8:00pm the same night. Fully expecting to have to pay the full hotel rate, they very kindly charged us only half, no questions asked!! We have stayed at a different hotel, in a different state, and when we had to leave that same night due to our son being sick, they would not refund us a dime. Although our stay was VERY short, we had a wonderful experience. We would DEFINITELY stay here again!! (Hopefully for a full night next time). :)	
Jun 5 2009 	work and pleasure	it was located in the best place to be in newyork worth the stay price and helped in business activity.	
Jun 1 2009 	Central Quiet Modern Couryard	The hotel, about 150 feet in from Broadway on 40th St, about as central to Times Sq and wherever you want to go in nyc-metro is on the corner @Bwy as well as 2 blocks up at Times Sq. We last stayed there in 2007 (see prior review) and the hotel has been well maintained. It is very quiet, being sandwiched between 2 office buildings in the middle of the block. (residence Inn is at the corner on 6th/41). Apples at the front desk and free coffee in the lobby and rooms; rooms are decent sized. The only thing one might carp about for our 25th fl room is that the fabric on one of the chairs was starting to wear. K bed was exceptionally comfortable, staff is very friendly, room was well cleaned, elevators are efficient and fast, free internet in lobby and wi-fi. Around the corner on Bwy is the Olive Tree for a quick inexpensive breakfeast/bagel with cream cheese $1.75. For a pre-theare prix-fixe excellent 3 course Italian dinner with a decent bottle of wine, $27.95 ,Basilica on 9th Ave, rez needed, highly recommend the veal; and in the moderate category, across the street , our ongoing favoirte Hell's Kitchen. Five Napkin Burger is a good bet if your'e in the mood for burgers..Jim Fong in Chinatown (Elizabeth, off Lafayette and Canal, dim sum carts at its best. For 1/2 price or promo theatre tickets try the I /info booth in Times Sq next to McDonalds--. 9-5 is very much worth seeing despite middling creitics reviews. Billy Eliot is at premium prices for now.	
May 25 2009 	At the center of Manhattan	Friendly staff and courteous service. The room was a little small but clean. Internet speedy and free. 24 hour free coffee in the lobby along with internet access on a wide screen. Mainly at the intersection of almost everything.	
May 21 2009 	Liar Receptionist	This hotel did something that is unbelievable for a Merriot family hotel...they lied to me. Ok here is what happened:3 days before my stay we called the Marriot reservation services and booked the room and confirmed it with my fathers visa card. The evening before my check in we came to the hotel with my father and filled the credit card form and asked the receptionist to make us PRE-PAY the room with his card. He swiped the Visa card and said everything was in order.The next day I came alone (because the receptionist had told me a photo ID would be sufficient) and I was told that the card was declined. Now the previous evening I was told we had pre-paid the room. I found the receptionist from the previous evening and asked him about this and he told me that he never said he made us pre=pay the rooma and that all charges would be made during check in.Liar.	
May 16 2009 	Clean quiet friendly (and a great bed)	Very quiet for a mid-town location. The rooms are reasonable sized and the beds are very comfortable. What particularly impressed me was that when left a shopping bag with expensive shoes/handbags at night next to the computer / lobby area, the next day the staff returned (with all the contents) to us!Frankly, I wasn't optimistic but was very impressed by the honesty of the staff. The LCD TV is nice (but no HD).	
May 4 2009 	Excellent hotel in a great location	We stayed here for 5 nights and thought it was excellent. The location is great, just south of Times Square and lots of things to see and do in walking distance. There is a subway station at the end of 40th Street, just down the road from the hotel entrance. There is also a great shop on the corner that sells just about everything you could need as well as the usual coffee shops. The hotel is very nice, rooms are generous and nicely furnished. We were on the 33rd (top) floor and it was very quiet. We could see the top of the Chrysler Building from our room. The facilities were really good, there was a fridge underneath the sink in the bathroom and coffee machine in room as well as flat screen TV, armchair, desk etc.... we used the free internet service in the lobby but didn't try out the cafe, it looked nice though. The staff were nice, friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, we paid $199/night and thought for the standard of hotel and location that it was a very good price. We loved New York and it was nice having somewhere so central and yet so quiet to return to after our long days out and about. I would stay here again and hope to get back to New York soon!	
Apr 27 2009 	Great Location and Affordable!"	We just spent a weekend in NYC. Although we usually stay at the Marriott Marquis in Times Square, we decided to try the Marriott Courtyard just south of Times Sq, located on 40th Street about 1/2 block east of Broadway. We were not disappointed. We were on the 25th floor. The room was quiet; everything worked well. The room had a flat screen TV, and although the room was smaller than the typical Courtyard property, it seemed roomy by NYC standards. The carpet seemed new and clean; the king-size bed was comfortable. It was just fine. Plus, the hotel is in a terrific location, within easy walking distance of the theatre district, Rockefeller Center, Bryant Park, the public library, and all of the main tourist attractions in midtown Manhattan. Plus, it was a fraction of the price of the Marquis. The Courtyard has two computers located in the lobby for guest use. It also has an exercise room, vending machines, and ice machines, as well as a mini-market by the front desk. The vending machines and exercise room are located on the lower level, so it's not that convenient. If you want to get ice in the middle of the night, you need to get on the elevator and go down and get ice. If you need more stuff, there's a Duane Reed drug store down the block. I would return to this property in a New York minute.	
Apr 2 2009 	Excellent value great location friendly and very clean	Endorse all the recent reviews - location superb, rooms around $150 (plus tax) with a bit of pre-planning, very clean and one of the best bed and pillow combinations I've ever slept in.Bathroom, though a touch small, was well equipped, clean, simple to use and worked perfectly. Coffee machine in the room was hard work to make two cups - easier to use free machine in lobby with more choice. TV and other facilities fine.Went out for breakfast so no comment on restaurant, but reception and concierge very efficient, friendly and helpful. Plenty of bars and deli's nearby for food plus all tourist stuff in Times Sq area. Used Parc Quotodien by Bryant Park (30 secs) for upmarket breakfast and something a little different.Definitely stay again if returning to NY	
Apr 1 2009 	amazing location nice staff very New York very clean just a tad pricey	We stayed for 4 nights in September 2008, the location was amazing just around the corner from Times Square, it was breathtaking! no great view in our room, but we didnt mind! Supercomfy bed, really amazing beds! Very clean room and bathroom. Nice and friendly staff, all of them. It is quite pricey, but i think for new york standard its a normal price, and WELL worth it!!	
Mar 17 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Good Value	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights (3/8-3/10/2009). I was booked into a room with a king size bed. The room was a good size, bed was so comfy I almost didn't want to get up. Bathroom was a little small, but, was well appointed. I was on the 28TH floor so noise was of course no issue. The staff are excellent. I got there very early intending to just drop off my luggage. My room was ready and I was able to check. Saving me time later. The housekeeping staff was friendly and efficient. Room was kept sparkling clean. I didn't use the restaurant as it is only open for breakfast. But it did look nice and the menu had a good selection. The location can not be beat. You are within a short walking distance to all theatres. Restaurants in the area are varied and good. The Ruby Tuesdays and the Hard Rock Cafe are fun and just two blocks away. There are buses and subways to take you any and everywhere in the City. My only slight complaint is: there is only one ice machine and it is in the basement.This is a nice hotel, centrally located and well worth the money. I believe you will not be disappointed if you stay here.	
Mar 13 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Wonderful stay, very clean, friendly staff, great location. Id stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Feb 25 2009 	Best Value in NYC	For just over $200 inlcuding taxes, you get a spacious (my Manhattan standards) and clean room, PERFECT location, and competent staff. Best value in the city it seems.	
Feb 24 2009 	Not Bad At All	We stayed here for one night only, over the weekend as my husband's parents were in town to catch a few shows so this would be convenient for all. 5 minute walk from Penn Station, and 30 second walk to Bryant Park. Although our stay was short, this would be a relatively comfortable home base for tourists wanting to explore the city in an excellent location. The R train was right around the corner, so you'll have easy access to Manhattan, and a lot of other trains are a few minutes walk away. Check-in was weird, only one person working the small counter. Took 10 minutes to get going. Guy was friendly though, but that doesn't make up for 1 person staffing the front. All it takes is one demanding, annoying person to hold everyone up! The room was average sized for NYC, not large but not tiny either. It looks like it was recently updated, with flat screen TV and comfortable bed and pillows. There were no odd smells or noticeable stains on the floor. Decent closet and easy to use safe. The bathroom was a tub/shower, one sink, clean and the water pressure was amazing! I was pleasantly surprised. The toiletries were a weird brand I've never heard of, but the soap bar had this great scent that I still remember...strange but I had to mention it. Free coffee in the room and down in the lobby in front of the elevators, not Starbucks quality but not bad, I had several cups during our 1 night stay. The gym was okay, nothing spectacular but there were 2 bikes, 2 ellipticals, 2 treadmills and some yoga mats and I don't remember but there might have been a small free weight station. Water and towels provided. We had breakfast at the hotel the next morning and it was fine. I can't remember the price but I do remember it was reasonable for a hotel in the city. Food wasn't knock your socks off but fine for what it was. There are plenty of options nearby, but if you are on the run I'd go here since it's so convenient and as it's a buffett, you won't wait long. Do not go to the concierge for dinner recommendations, for whatever reason my husband's parents asked him and the place was awful, some over-priced Italian that was subpar. Go to yelp.com and find restuarant recommendations that are from regular people who live and eat in New York and don't get kickbacks for sending you to these tourist trap restaurants that suck. Free Wireless in the room so bring your laptop and do all your research there instead. Overall, good stay. Not fancy, but worth it for the money. I think his parents paid $150 for the room on Marriott.com.	
Feb 15 2009	Great stay	Booked the hotel through their own website and got a great deal of about $500 inc taxes for three nights in a twin room .The location is great, only a couple of minutes from Times Sq &amp; about 5 mins from Macy's.Hotel is small and nice, rooms cleaned each day and were very comfortable. They are a little small but for the location and the comfort you won't mind. Their is a safe and Tea/Coffee facilities in the room.Free internet in the lobby is great if you need to look anything up or print your boarding card.Would def. recommend it.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great Location	We picked the Courtyard by Marriott New York Manhattan / Times Square South because of it's location only half a block from Broadway and 2 blocks from Times Square. We were also pleasantly surprised that we could also easily walk to the follow places as well; Central Park, the United Nations, Empire State Building, Macys, Madison Square Gardens, Rockefeller Center, Grand Central Station, restaurants, and of course the Theater District. We went to three shows while in New York for 9 days, walked there and back and never once felt unsafe. Lots of people on the streets at all times of the day.Our room was expensive, as we stayed there during Fashion Week (our choice), so every room in the area was booked and this hotel was the closest to Bryant Park where the show was being put on. The room was clean and had all the necessities we needed. We didn't eat in the hotel but there was a restaurant there. Coffee was available free of charge in the lobby every morning. As suggested by another Trip Advisor we brought our own alcohol as it was expensive to buy there.Get a map and directions from the Concierge to make your way around New York Manhattan a lot easier. After talking with the Concierge we took the subway from Grand Central Station to Battery Park and took the Staten Island Ferry (free) to Staten Island and back ( 25 minutes each way), going past the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. Walked through the Financial District before walking over the Brooklyn Bridge (3.5 miles each way). We also took the subway from Grand Central Station to Yankee Stadium. Security in the hotel was first class, always someone around, and you have to use your room key in the elevator before it will move.If and when we go to New York Manhattan again we will definitely stay at this hotel.	
Jan 20 2009 	Fantastic	Me and a friend stayed over new year. I have to say I struggle to think of anything bad to say!We contacted the hotel before we went asking for a high floor and view of the Empire State and we got both!!! Room 3001, which was the 30th floor with an amazing view!The room itself was great. The beds are so comfy! The bathroom was fine, seemed new and very clean with two shower heads. There was a hairdryer too which wasn't too bad and a plug spare for straighteners in the bathroom.There's a safe in the room at no charge, kettle etc, plenty of storage.There is only 3 lifts but personaly i never had to wait more than a couple of minutes. The staff were more than helpful.The location is great too, right in the thick of it. I stayed in the Courtyard on East 40th previously and personally i preferred this one, but both are great!	
Jan 9 2009 	Very comfortable great location!	Another comfortable Marriott in the city! The room was plainly and sparsely furnished, but had the wonderful Marriott beds (seriously, they're the best!) and was very clean. The location is hard to beat for the price - just a couple of blocks from Times Square and most subways lines are within a block. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Location	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights over New Years Eve. We had room 2001 which was on the 20th floor, with a great view of the Empire States Building. The bathroom was small and compact, and I would say that this was a little sub standard, but then you only use it to wash in and go to the toilet!! The beds were very comfy, and the room was slightly on the small side, but for midtown, I believe that this is quite reasonable size. The hotel is very easy walking distance from Times Square, Theatre District, 34th Street shopping, and about 20-30mins walk from the south end of central park.The only downside to the hotel is that it onlt has 3 lifts serving 30 odd floors, and when it is busy, you can potentially be waiting 10mins for a lift. For this reason and the bathroom I took a star off, but did otherwise really enjoy my stay there.I believe if you have a King room, instead of 2 doubles you get more space as there is only 1 bed instead of 2!!!ObviouslyFor Midtown I would definatly stay again.	
Dec 30 2008 	A good find in NYC	Stayed here for a few days over xmas. On the whole this is a good pound for pound hotel in a city where hotel prices are well off the scale!Positives:- Excellent rate ($150 a night)- Location is excellent just 2 mins from Times Sq and Byrant PArk- Rooms were large, with very comfy beds + large flat-screen tv- Cofee machine in room was handy to have- Free internet access in the lobby was excellent- Free coffee in the lobby (good to take out or sit in) saved a few dollars on going to Starbucks in the morningsNegatives:- Hotel lacked facilities (bar, pool etc) but the price reflected that- View out of room wasn't great, but basically due to all the building around it	
Dec 30 2008 	Loved it!	We were going to spend Christmas in NYC so we thought we would book a hotel that wasn't too expensive but would be conveniently situated in the heart of Manhattan. This hotel was certainly no wrong choice.The service staff in the hotel are like none other. Not only do they greet you when you come back from a long day's sightseeing, the lady at the concierge desk even worked overtime just to ensure that we would get our taxi to the airport on the night we were departing. We certainly felt that all our needs were taken care of when we were at the hotel.The rooms are well equipped with a buffet of pillows, such that I felt that they could have given less pillows. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was well equipped with amenities. The complimentary WiFi access in every room made our stay even better for we could search information about the places we intended to visit before setting foot each day.The hotel also has a coffee machine in the lobby that dispenses coffee/hot water all day long. The gym at the basement is sufficiently sized with treadmills and a few weights. Bring along your earpieces if you're going to run, for the treadmills are boosted with individual TV sets with access to all the TV channels the hotel has. Certainly a good choice!	
Dec 22 2008 	Good choice	This was my first stay at this hotel, and I was pleasantly surprised- I have had mixed luck with sub-$300 rooms in NYC in the past, but this property was clean, updated, and pleasant. It is a few blocks off of Times Square, seems like a good location for tourists and theater-goers. I was in for business so did not get too upset that my room looked out to the gloomy, nondescript back side of the office building next door.The room was clean and comfortable, and reasonably roomy. The bed was very comfortable, apparently had all new bedding. Front desk and bellman staff were very friendly and helpful, and even though there is no taxi stand at the hotel, they went out of their way to flag a cab for me. Security seems good, too- the elevators require a keycard to operate, and the staff was vigilant about checking that people using the common areas were indeed registered hotel guests.	
Dec 19 2008 	Can't go wrong with this hotel - brilliant location service and comfort.	Husband and I (mid 30s) stayed here for 4 nights from Tues Nov 25 - Sat Nov 29. Superb location (less than half a block from the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade down Broadway). Breakfast is not included but there are plenty of places close by - some good self-serve breakfast buffets in Times Square. We already knew from Trip Advisor that there are no exhaust fans in the bathrooms, but that's really the only complaint we could make. Staff were friendly, housekeeping was great, free internet access allowed for daily blogging. We requested and were granted a room with a view of the Empire State Building. Hotel was very clean and quiet and the room was spacious with a comfortable bed. If you're not used to tipping and accidentally tip Merrick who handles the luggage downstairs twice, he gives you a big hug (as my husband found out!) Heightened hotel security around Thanksgiving was reassuring. A perfect hotel if you are exploring the Big Apple for the first time like we were. (ps - The closest fresh juice place seems to be across the road from the Public Library.)	
Nov 20 2008 	Great hotel	This was our first trip to New York City. We arrived at the hotel at 11:30 am on Friday(11/7/08) and was pleasantly surprised. The front desk clerk staff were very welcoming and told us our room was ready! She also told us that we even had a view of the Empire State Building as requested. We were in Room # 2701. My wife took many pictures of the ESB as the lighting changed frequently( green and red for the Chirstmas holidays/ red, white, and blue for Veteran's Day/ and purple.........not sure the significance of this color). We stayed for 6 nights. The staff and concierge were extremely friendly and helpful. As mentioned by others, the hotel is in an excellent location. You are close to eveyrthing. The maids cleaned our room everyday by 10:30am. I have been to many hotels where they do not clean your room till the afternoon. I do not want to return to my room to find out it was not cleaned. The front desk alway said hello as you passed the area.......a very nice and welcoming touch. My wife used their free coffee machine in the lobby in the am and pm. She loved that machine. I used the free computers in the lobby to check my emails and print boarding passes.Hints:1) I reserved the hotel about 3 months before our stay via their website. Watch the prices as they change frequently. If you find lower prices, you can email them to request the lower rate. I did this 3 times without any probems.2) Bring an inexpensive rubber doorstop. The bathroom door remains closed if you do not have a doorstop. If you have a doorstop to leave the the bathroom door open, it will prevent having a musty odor.3) Check out Duke's Cafe- very close by. Very unique buffet....you choose the items and you pay by the weight of the food. They are open 24/7.4) Ask the front desk to hail a cab to the airport for you. Much cheaper than the concierge reserving a sedan. $30 for taxi( no traffic at 4:30am......had to be at airport by 5am for 7am flight). I believe the concierge quoted me $60 for a sedan.5) Buy your tickets to ESB from the concierge. Little more expensive( hotel gets a commission), but better than standing in the massive ticket lines. 3 lines at ESB: security, ticket, and entry.Why stay anywhere else in NY? This is the place!	
Nov 13 2008 	enjoyed our stay	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in mid Oct. I got $209 per night weekend rate which I think it was a pretty good deal by its location. The hotel seems got remodeled recently. I like the new room décor, much better than the one I saw two years ago. I gave it 8 out of 10 score.	
Nov 5 2008 	Utterly perfect!	It's always a hunt to find a good Manhattan hotel that's clean and not too overpriced, and this completely fit the bill. My husband and I spend a long weekend or two in Manhattan every year just for kicks, so I'm always on the lookout. I believe the rooms were recently renovated, and our room rate for a Saturday and Sunday overnights was $209 and $199 respectively. Room was very clean and larger than a shoebox, bed was FANTASTIC as were the multiple pillows. They honored our request for a high floor, but we didn't get a view. Great location behind the main library, and walking distance to a few subway stations, which is a must for us. Free coffee in the lobby near the elevators. Really polite staff, and my only complaint is that they didn't call us to check in when the room was ready - we arrived on a red-eye and stowed our luggage and they took my cell number to call us when we could check in, but did not follow up. No big deal since we were out and about enjoying ourselves. The hotel entrance is much nicer than I expected, so that was a thrill. There's lots of food nearby - I'm not sure if this hotel actually has a restaurant or not, we didn't even bother since we wandered and ate all over. I would definitely stay here again. Easily the best hotel experience I've had in NY.	
Nov 5 2008 	Location Location Location!!!!	We stayed at the Courtyard for 2 nights in October prior to boarding a Princess Cruise. The Courtyard is located in the perfect spot - walking distance to everything. 10 minutes to Times Square and the broadway shows. Walking distance to 5th Ave and Central Park (although this is about a 1/2 hour walk). The hotel itself is clean, and has a very friendly staff. Any reservations you need, whether it be for dinner, tours or the theatre, the hotel conceirge will make the reservations for you. There is an English Pub right beside the hotel (out the back entrance), that serves the best finger foods I've ever tasted, for a very reasonable price. If you don't have a lot of time in New York for sightseeing, make sure that you book the OnBoard Tours for a 5 hour tour. You see all of the major sights. If we ever return to New York City, we will definately stay at the Courtyard again. It's on a quiet street, close to all of the action.	
Nov 2 2008 	Clean and well-run convenient location	My wife and five month old infant stayed here for three nights in mid August.With baby along for the trip, we needed a way to sterilize bottles. Before arrival I had assumed incorrectly that the hotel would have an in-room microwave, as I've seen at other Courtyards. There wasn't a microwave set out for public use in the common breakfast area, either. We turned to the desk manager to see if there was any kind of microwave available. He offered the one in the kitchen.Twice during our stay, the hotel staff took our microwave steam sterilizer and put it in their kitchen microwave. Without their cooperation, we would have been stuck with two expensive alternatives: buying bottles and throwing them away, or buying some kind of hot plate or other device to to use in the room. We were especially grateful to the desk manager and kitchen manager who helped with our bottle problem. Every single member of the staff was consistently friendly, helpful, and cheerful. The lobby is nicely decorated with comfortable seating areas. There's a European-style automat coffee grinder that will in about one minute's time dispense a hot cup of coffee, free to guests in about a minute. For the breakfast buffet, expect to fork up about $13 or $15 if you add cooked-to-order omlette. Our room had enough space to set up our traveling pak-n-play for baby. Bed was comfortable and bedding was at the new high standard set by most Marriott and Hilton properties: plush, all white bedding with no busy paisley pattern to hide stains. We walked to &quot;Gypsy&quot; one night, and &quot;Some Enchanted Evening&quot; was waiting for us just up the Broadway line (South Pacific at Lincoln Cnter). Bryant Park is down the block to the east. You can get anywhere from here.Elevators were busy. Our longest wait in the lobby was approximately five minutes. Two to three was more typical.Rates vary by day, so do not rely on the price coming back in the search engine to necessarily apply for your whole visit.	
Oct 13 2008 	Good location	Stayed in a double room on the 26th floor. it was quite dark as a result of the closeness of the surrounding office buildings. Opening the curtains at 8am to look sideways into an office a few metres away was unusual ! The room was fine, the bathroom was very small but everything worked.However the location was excellent for being able to travel anywhere. The subway is at the end of the street and it was a hub for several lines . If you want to stay by Times square, Broadway and the shops ( all within 5-6 minutes walk ), then this hotel is good.The breakfasts were really good, ranging from cereals, fruit, and breads to freshly cooked omelettes or hot buffet. The breakfast staff were lovely.reception staff were helpful although there seemed to be a different concierge on duty every day and we only found one ( Susan) who had any personality and came up with suggestions and recommendations. the others didn't seem to know a lot.It was extremely useful to have internet access ( free ) in the lounge , as was the free coffee.	
Oct 4 2008 	Feel at home	In the midst of the hustle and bustle in New York City, on the south side of Times Square lies the closest thing to &quot;home&quot; you can get! The Courtyard typically seems to have a good rate, is very clean, and makes you feel at &quot;home.&quot; That feeling is hard to achieve in a typical Manhattan hotel. There were no disappointments with this hotel besides the fact that they do not offer room service.	
Sep 29 2008 	Unbelievable surprises--and NOT in a good way	When we got to this hotel (by car), we were impressed with its proximity to Bryant Park and Times Square for such a deal--the quoted price of $209 for the night. I normally stay with friends in NYC and park my car for free somewhere in SoHo, so I was trying to stay there as cheaply as possible without succumbing to a disgusting hotel or disturbing hostel. This seemed a reasonable price and I wouldn't be expecting the moon.We got to our room and there were discarded beer cans all over the place. Trash, and discarded linens and towels marred the room's otherwise pleasant decor. I called and the front desk seemed appropriately horrified at our reception and gave us another identical (read: no upgrade, no breakfast included, nothin') room two floors up. It seems as though 6 out 8 rooms or so on every floor have horrible views of alleys and junk courtyards. The buildings around this hotel completely block out any natural sunlight. The room, therefore, seemed somewhat dark and low-ceilinged. The flat-screen TV was nice, the iPod adapter stereo (in the first room, not the second we actually stayed in) was a cute touch, and the bathrooms were clean enough with a nice rainfall-type showerhead. I felt uneasy however about the cleanliness of the carpet, and in general it seems the hotel could use a good renovation (and not just covering up old carpet with new carpet, if you catch my drift...).The unmentioned added room taxes at the end of our stay were simply the icing on the cake of this underwhelming experience at a normally trustworthy and more than acceptable hotel chain.If you end up paying 300 a night (like I did, with taxes and parking), find a hotel further downtown (where all the real action is, anyway) and park for free on the street.	
Sep 21 2008 	Perfect Location	Decent sized room, clean and comfortable and the bed was brilliant. I see that small rooms are normal in NY, but not here. They are about the average size you would expect outside of the city. The location is also excellent for Time Square and Bryant Square. Subway on the corner and right next to a Dele and an Irish Bar (good pub grub at a reasonable cost). If walking is not a problem to you then you are perfect in this hotel for all the local attractions. Macys is about 10 mins as is 5th ave. Time Square 3 mins and central park about 15 mins. If I return to NY, I will look this hotel up right away. Staff were all friendly and helpfull without exception. One thing missing is a restaurant on the premises for evening meals and snacks, but with so much on offer outside, this is no big deal and there is a breakfast room and this was very clean, smart and with a good selection.	
Sep 6 2008	excellent business hotel	its not my first stay here and overall impresion is samea very good business hotel with little amenities but solid in price performance ratiogot a good rate via hotel website (199)stayed at 33 floor as requested (high floor)liked the free coffee small but always empty gym with good machines (lifefitness)lcd tv ,very good quality coffe machine,spotless bathroom and roomonly con is lack of character and very difficult to take a taxi infront of hoteleventhough i dont need much services while staying general actitud of staff towards small requests was excellentrooms on the small size very good location 2 blocks from times square and 5th ave	
Sep 2 2008 	El Perfecto	Stayed here over the Labor Day holiday. Rooms-- Very spacious (especially for NYC). Bathroom was nice and good shower pressure. The bed was very comfortable.Location---Just a few short blocks from Times Square. Subway stops are on both corners. The location can not be beat. It is right across the street from Bryant Park.This is a great hotel in a super location. Really could complain about anything.	
Aug 31 2008 	Nice Hotel	Booked this room last minute and were not disappointed. We will stay at this hotel again in the future. Price was great for NYC.We had a King Suite, which was plenty of room for two people. Location was good, room was clean, staff was pleasant, bed was comfortable, shower had good water pressure, what more could you need? Requested an early check-in and room was ready when we arrived.	
Aug 24 2008 	Good choice near all Mid-Town sites and subway	Stayed at the Courtyard one night, 3 adults. Checked in before noon. Room was clean and had very nice bed linens. Desk and flat panel tv along with ipod docking station. Overall a good clean room for moderate price as normal with Courtyards.As pictured by other travelers, the hotel building is narrow, but creates a bit of an oasis in the mid-town area. I think there are only 6 rooms per floor which also leads to less guest traffic. Our room 501 was in the corner with no noise passing by or next door.Subway access for 42nd St stop was right outside at corner 6th &amp; 40th along with Bryant Park / Library. There is drug store (Duane Reade), tavern and deli next door. You are close, (2 minute walk around corner) but not right in the crazied Time Sq.Would stay again for comfortable room and location. Did not use concierge but did have them store luggage with no problem.	
Aug 14 2008 	Location Vacation Relaxation	My wife and I stayed at the Times Square Courtyard one weekend in August. We have stayed at a number of 2 and 3 star hotels in Manhattan and this was our best experience. We walked from Penn Station in about 15 minutes. The hotel was pretty busy but clean and pleasant. Use of the elevator requires your room keycard, which is a nice security measure. The room was roomy (for NYC) and very clean. Our room had no fridge or microwave as most Courtyards we have stayed at do. The ice machine is in the lower lobby, requiring an elevator ride to get ice. We bought two airline bottles of Jack Daniels from the desk-side mini-market without asking the price - $10 each plus tax! When we checked in we were given the key to a room that was occupied - fortunately no one was home but we could have been quite embarrassed. The situation was resolved quickly.Times Square is a 5 minute walk from the hotel. The subway is right at the end of the block. We took the subway to Lincoln Center; the stations are confusing to those of us accustomed to the simple layout of DC's Metro, so we had to hunt around to find the correct platform. The heat on the platforms was stifling, even though on the street it was in the low 70s. We took a cab back from the show, which for two people was not much more than the train. We had a delightful weekend, enjoying South Pacific, the Circle Line Cruise, and the Dali exhibit at MOMA. I highly recommend the Zen Palate Restaurant (all vegetarian) on 46th Street and the Thai place next door. Avoid Viva Pancho at Time Square - the food was fine but nothing special and it was kind of dirty in there.	
Aug 7 2008	Good for the price	Great location and typical Courtyard rooms, which means clean, spacious and well appointed. Requested an early check-in, high floor and extra pillows and towels which were all granted. Helpful staff who worked with us when I got sick and wanted a late check out. Paid a lot for it but needed the time to rest before leaving for the airport. The breakfast was pretty over-priced but I assume that's normal for NYC. Lobby is small and crowded but again, it's NYC.	
Jul 28 2008 	good weekend	great location, close to everythingResturant was not great, better to get a doughnut at the cart on the street.Arno's was a great choice for Italian eats.	
Jul 27 2008 	Nice Room Close to EVERYTHING	In a nutshell, it's the location. I stay at many Marriott properties, and this was definately consistent with similar hotels. Rooms very clean. Staff was so-so. Asked for a high floor-room with a view of Empire State Bldg, didn't get either, and they could have cared less. Had to remind them for a rollaway bed for son. We did arrive early and they checked our bags without a problem. EVERYTHING you need is nearby. A Duane Reade drugstore is right next door for misc items or snacks. TImes Square is two blocks away, easy walking distance to 5th ave. Subway just down the street. Great location and value if you get a good rate. We were in the room very little, so a hotel 'experience' was not important to us. Great for a family, close to everything. Booked the room based on reviews on this site. Would stay here again. Although staff is not rude, just don't expect anyone to bend over backwards for you.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great Value	In places like NYC, I tend to prefer a more unique hotel experience and like to avoid the chains. However, I found a rate of $199 at this property and couldn't resist the deal. And trust me, for that price this is a BARGAIN!LOCATION-Pretty much couldn't ask for any better location. It's far enough from Times Square (4 blocks) to escape the madness, but still close enough to enjoy. It's right off Bryant Park (think Project Runway) which is my absolute favorite spot in NYC. Plenty of restaurants all around.SERVICE-For NYC, pretty good. The staff was friendly and helpful and had no problem accomodating an early check-in. However, on a negative note, the hotel missed the mark on my special requests as a Marriott Gold member. No big deal, but it just shows a hotel's organization and attention to detail is lacking.ROOMS-Marriott Standard. Average size hotel room, which is large for NYC! Very comfortable bedding and mattress. Large bathroom with nice amenities. I could not get the in-room WI-FI to work and there was not a DSL connection.Overall, I enjoyed my stay here. It was a mostly American crowd staying here with lots of kids. If you want a nice, predictable hotel expereince with all of the amenities you usually expect, this is for you.I would definetly stay here again if I once again found a great deal . Otherwise, I'd probably try somewhere else for a bit more unique experience.	
Jul 21 2008 	Hot in NYC but Cool at the Courtyard	Our family of four (parents and adult sons) stayed in two rooms on different floors, even though we requested to be on the same floor. Your key card allowed you to take the elevator to your own floor making getting back and forth to the other room tricky. This was really the only downside for us. The night clerk when we arrived was surly and rude about our request and our effort to connect with the family members who arrived before and after us. On the upside: We all agreed the beds were comfortable; there was a great shower with lots of thick towels, and the rooms were clean. Loved the buffet breakfasts with omelets made to order and very fresh cut fruit. Loved the coffee pot in our room and in the lobby. The location near Time Square was perfect for what we were doing - subway was close, taxis always available. Concierge staff and others at the front desk we spoke to were very helpful. And the air conditioning kept us cool!	
Jul 2 2008 	Our First NY Vacation	For starters I have never wrote a review. However, I was so please with this hotel, I felt as thou I needed to share my opinion on my stay. I had checked on the Tripadvisor and read several reviews which I was so please to see that nearly all of them were positive. So indeed, I was ready to make the trip with little worry about my hotel stay. I have only all pro's to comment on. We stayed 3 nights.Some of my most vaulable memories which may seem small to some but I loved!!! To begin the staff was very nice. The guy that handled our luggage remembered us when were leaving that I had a fraigle piece of luggage. He rememebered. Yeah! They kept our luggage for apprx. 7 hours on our day of departure. We were in our room at about 11 when check in wasn't until 3. How wonderful was that! Ours rooms where clean everyday, replenished with fresh towels daily. The beds were to die for and I loved the magnified extended mirrors and removal shower head in the bathroom. Flat screen T.V.They had a very nice gym as well. I loved it there !!!!!!! We could not have had a better hotel. In additon, we were told that at the rate we paid we got a very nice hotel. I would stay again and pay more if necessary.	
Jul 1 2008 	will stay at a differnet hotel next time i visit	My family and I stayed at this hotel for more than 7days. The LOCATION of this hotel was EXCELLENT... walking distance to many activities/ places. New York/Manhattan on the whole was a great place to vacation... I would surely return to NY but stay at a different hotel...There were some problems we encountered with some of the staff of this hotel... one concierge was a WASTE of time while the other was apparently the hotel's operator (always on the phone). one of the bellboys were totally CLUELESS of what was happening around him.... no help at all to 1st timers!! There was a strong sense of RACISM in this hotel!!! The room was quite small... but manageable!!! however there were BEDBUGS... they should really consider changing the sheets more often!!! In addition, even though there were only a few rooms per floor... the walls were paper thin... we heard when 'our neighbours' slammed the doors in the middle of the nite and also when they flushed the toilet!! The water they offered was $7.00.... what a rip off... take a walk and go to duane reade at the end of the street. Lastly, if you stay more than 5 days.... the staff starts to IGNORE and STARE at you!!!	
Jun 29 2008 	Good value for NYC	The hotel is a cut above the usual Courtyard, with an impressive entryway and lobby and a relatively large workout facility with decent equipment (two ellipticals and three treadmills, plus a weightlifting area). It's just down the block from Bryant Park, close to Times Square without being too close, and in the neighborhood of Rockefeller Center, the Empire State Building, the Theatre District, and other attractions in mid-town Manhattan. The breakfast is not free and wasn't particularly good. Free coffee in the lobby. Rooms were about average or perhaps on the small side, with no views - the hotel is tall and narrow and surrounded by buildings.Our check-in experience was good - front desk personnel were very friendly and tried to accommodate our needs - without being able to offer us a &quot;room with a view.&quot; They did send up a mini-fridge right away upon request, which doesn't always happen in hotels. Our only negative experiences were with the front desk and concierge the two times we tried to ask for their help. When we asked the front desk to call us a taxi for the theatre, we were told that they would not call a taxi until we were in the lobby and that they probably wouldn't get one because of the time of day. Then they transferred our call to the concierge, who wasn't there and didn't answer. The front desk can see the concierge desk, so they shouldn't have transferred us to an empty station. (That being said, we went down and found the concierge out front, and he was very helpful in getting us a taxi.)We also asked about getting a &quot;voucher&quot; for the circle boat tour around Manhattan, which the hotel advertises as a service. But it's not much of a service when the voucher is non-refundable and doesn't guarantee a time or place on the boat and isn't any cheaper than ordering yourself online.Overall, a good hotel for the location and price.	
Jun 29 2008 	Consider the plusses	Not sure what to expect given what seemed to be a below-average price for a decent hotel in nyc ($237 a night before taxes), but was pleased by the location, hotel staff, large and comfortable room and attractive decor. Tiny lobby with nothing to do there but pass by on the way to your room, and no real dining options. However, if what you want is a modern, clean hotel in a super location, this is a fine choice.	
Jun 15 2008 	Definitely a place to return to in NYC!	I have stayed in this hotel three times already and have a reservation to return in July. I have nothing but good things to say about the Courtyard Times Square South! Its proximity to the subway can't be beat; and this is how we always travel when we visit NYC. It is right next to Bryant Park, which offers a great place to sit, people watch, eat (try breakfast or lunch from 'Wichcraft), and even take your laptop (free WiFi in the park). The rooms are a great size for NYC. We've stayed at three other places and keep returning to this Courtyard. We've never had a problem with cleanliness; the rooms always smell fresh and look clean upon arrival. We've managed to get an Empire State building view once; and usually have a small fridge in the bathroom which is handy for storing soft drinks/bottles of water. As mentioned in many other reviews, there is free internet, a safe in-room, and coffee 24/7 in the lobby. We've had to store our luggage with the bellman each trip; sometimes because of early arrival and no room avaiable yet, and each trip because we weren't leaving the city until later in the day and needed to leave our bags at the hotel until time to head for the airport. For the price and location, you couldn't ask for a better room in midtown.	
Jun 4 2008 	Brilliant views of the Empire State Building!	I stayed here for eight nights and can't recommend it enough. I asked for a room with a view and I got it - the Empire State Building. The king size, comfortable bed had seven soft pillows on it, flatscreen TV, wonderful light streaming in, and plenty of room for your purchases.There's no room service, but with New York at your doorstep who needs it? There's a coffee maker and empty fridge in each room. Downstairs, there's free coffee, a small shop selling junk food and drinks, a vending machine and ice. You can also order a breakfast in the morning, which was delicious and affordable for hotel standards (but you're better off going to the deli next door for a $3 breakfast).The internet terminal downstairs is free, too, but understandably this was often busy.Staff were so friendly - I had no problems cashing travellers' cheques or asking advice about things such as airport transfers.The basement gym was small but modern, with TVs attached to virtually every piece of equipment.Location is great - just five mins walk from Herald Square and Times Square is just around the corner (but not too close as to cause headaches!). Bryant Park is also good for a laze.This place is one of my favourites in New York - it's not the most glamorous but it's comfortable, it's clean, there are brilliant views and it's central. What more could you want?	
Jun 1 2008 	Great location great price simply a great hotel	Having stayed at the Marriot Courtyard on 5th Avenue, I happen to like this one better. The hotel is superbly located. You are one block from the subway and minutes away from the theatre district. Bryant Park is a block away. This property is only 2-3 blocks away from the other Marriot Courtyard but again, I think a bit better located and somehow a bit more pleasing in my opinion.By Manhattan standards I thought our room was huge. We had a room with a king size bed. Like all Marriot Courtyard properties the bed was soft and luxiorius. We however found the bed too soft for our liking. Our room featured a vice nice and large LCD TV and large closet.It is worth noting the building the hotel is located in is exceptionally narrow. As a result there are only 6-8 rooms on each floor. Our room was very quiet and heard very little from adjoining rooms.If we had a complaint, it was the bathroom. The door had an awful creaking noise when we opened and closed it and we suspect waked others on the floor. The bathroom lacked a fan, so steam would linger in the bathroom for hours.Staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel has a small snack area where you can buy drinks (including beer) and other small items. Breakfast is served in the lobby as well but we did not try this and presume this is not included in the room rate.Overall, an excellent location, comfortable room, and having stayed in 6-8 different NYC hotels on prior visits possibly the best I have stayed in, keeping in mind I am more of a budget traveller.	
May 26 2008 	A real gem in NYC	This hotel is a definite gem in NYC. Decided on the hotel after reading several reviews on Trip Advisor. My partner and me spent four days in NYC and found the hotel to be just in the right location.We are about 5-7 minutes walk away from the heart of Times Square and the Times Square Station is just down the street, about two minutes walk away.Right at the end of the street is the Duane Reade pharmacy which we found to be a great convenient place to replenish our water and snacks when we are back in the hotel.We were too lazy to squeeze in with the met crowd and opted for the taxis which was really not pricey considering NYC's infamous traffic snarls. Cost us about US$10 including tips to get to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Was also the same amount when we got back to the hotel after the museum tour.Going downtown to Chelsea and downtown Manhattan was also about the same, give and take a dollar or two. For us, the hotel location was great for taxis as we were not too keen on squeezing in with the crowd.About the room. It was definitely spacious and we asked for extra pillows and were given eight in all. The bed was very comfortable and what's good about the hotel is that there is a coffee machine just at the lift lobby. Just help yourself 24 hours to the coffee if you're a caffeine addict!The staff were also a very helpful bunch. A staff by the name of Bridget at the information desk was very helpful when we asked for directions to the museums. She was quite knowledgeable about the museums and even alerted us that we could buy tickets on the spot and at a saver price where we could see almost all the exhibits at the American Museum of Natural History.Lucy Cox, the front desk supervisor, was also very helpful. We were confirming our checkout time and she offered to give us a late checkout if the room situation was not tight as our flight was at 9:05pm. So checking out at 2pm instead of 12pm was a great luxury as it gave us more time to do some last minute shopping at Kiehl's flagship store near Chelsea.We also did our own laundry at the hotel's lower lobby where the washing machine and dryer are located. All for US$2 and it was really handy as we had been on the road for the previous six days before checking into the hotel.Lots of good cafes and diners around. Red Flame was really a superb place for breakfast. If you are too lazy to walk, just at the corner of Avenue of the Americas and 40th Street, there's Pax which is serves good breakfast, salad and soup. But avoid the Chinese restaurant, Dong Hai Grill on 39th Street unless you are prepared to give a HUGE tip. The staff are quite snobbish.Overall it was a great stay for us at this hotel. We are already missing the friendly atmosphere at the hotel.	
May 18 2008 	Excellent location	Stayed for two nights at start of 10 day trip visiting relatives in NJ and a trip to New England.Arrived 2 hours before check in and room was ready.Had booked a good rate through hotel website for winter weekend special. Had quoted ESB view, but there was certainly no view of empire state from my room. Not fussed thou.Room was clean, beds comforable. Only issue was on second night was noisy other residents at 3am for half an hour running between rooms shouting.Hotel is located in excellent locality.Overall a good place to for our first stay in NYC for 2 years. Would reccomend.Whilst in new york visit the Ground zero museum in the meat packer district - superb.	
May 13 2008	Affordable Comfort	I really enjoyed the stay. It is located at 41st/Broadway, which is like 3 blocks away from Times Square - super close. Also within 10 blocks of Top Of The Rock (a must see!). Pros- Very comfortable bedding- Quick response by Housekeeping staff- Coffee/Tea maker in room and in lobby- Room is not too small - just right- Plasma TV- Clean - Good service/hospitality- Free internet (wireless with good connectivity)- Lots and lots of good restaurants and small restaurants nearby, since this is afterall Times - Convinence Store nearby- Fitness Center- Good air conditioning- privacy - room key to enter hotel at night, and elevator floors at all times- iron boardCons- Phone call to Reception can take over 5 minutes, so if you want something, either call Operator or House Keeping, much faster- Water pressure quite slow at showers- $7 Fiji water by table side, don't buy it, it cost $1.5 at the convinence store nearby- not enough table - only one small working desk- not enough chair - only one chair and no sofasOverall, this is a great and very comfortable hotel. It's no non-nonsense value with its affordable pricing is very good for business travelers and leisure travelers like me. I will recommend it to everyone. It may not be as grand and huge as Marriott Marquis, or have the beautiful atrium, it is way cheaper and very comfortable. Note that it is not grand or luxurious, it is excellent for value.	
Apr 28 2008 	Fantastic Hotel Amazing City	We spent months (literally) searching for somewhere to stay in New York. It was our first holiday without our two children (SCAMP became AMP!). We found this hotel through trip advisor and it was rated so highly we were pleasantly surprised that it came within our price range.The rooms are spacious and easily accommodated our four cases. There was hanging space, plenty of drawers etc. We never found time to properly unpack - so much to do and see!Eventually (see later in review) we had a room on the upper floor with a view of the Empire State building. The bed was so comfortable and had additional coffee making facility in the room. Bathroom was basic but spotlessly clean, if perhaps a little dated. Absolutely fine throughout.One thing we didn't appreciate was how close to everything this hotel is. It's literally a five minute walk into the centre of times square! We walked to the empire state building in around fifteen minutes and from Madison Square Garden (after watching a Knicks game) in around twenty minutes. There are lots of subway stations close by, including one at the end of the street. After a hard days shopping, sightseeing etc, we were at the top of fifth avenue, by central park, and it took less than half an hour to walk back to the hotel in rush hour! The only (slight) issue we had was finding rooms are allocated on arrival. There was no upper floor with ESB view when we checked in at 3pm. However, the next morning we left all our stuff packed up and were moved to such a room. (Always had a few feather pillows though - so what? We chucked them on the floor and had a fab holiday!)There is a free coffee machine in the lobby which you can even takeout with a lid on etc. Free safe in the room which gave us peace of mind. Also in the lobby was a computer with internet access which was complimentary. Ideal for sending the kids emails etc. During the week we received a complimentary paper too. The concierge arranged a car to take us back to JFK that worked out about $4 dearer than the stress of hailing a cab! They also seemed to be busy with theatre and sporting tickets.After reading terrible reviews about hotels in NYC this was a real gem. Highly recommended!	
Apr 22 2008	Perfect place	My husband and I stayed here recently for 6 nights and we had an awesome time. The moment we walked through the doors we were greeted with friendly smiling faces. The staff here are amazing, right down to housekeeping. They were always willing to help make our stay in New York memorable. Nothing was a bother to them. The hotel room was huge !!! We had 2 double beds, a baby crib and 7 suitcases and there was still plenty of room to walk around. The hotel location is perfect. Its only a couple of minutes walk to Times Square. We found we walked to most places whilst there as it was so close to many attractions. Theres free coffee in the lobby and also apples and oranges at the front desk which was good to take for a snack. There was a large modern gymnasium with flat screen tv's all round. Best of all there was a laundry which we found very useful as we had been travelling around for a month before we arrived in NY. We didnt eat at the hotel as there are plenty of places close by but a couple of times we ordered takeout which was delivered to the hotel. The hotel can provide you with a list of menus. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel and I found New Yorkers to be the friemdliest of people. I would definately stay here again and recommend it to anyone. I cant wait to go back !!!	
Apr 20 2008	Matchless in Midtown	This hotel is so well located, within walking distance of Grand Central Terminal, and ideal for theatergoers. It is a fairly new tall and narrow building squeezed between two larger ones so there's little natural light, but the rooms are what you'd typically expect from a Marriott Courtyard, and surprisingly roomy for Manhattan...clean with comfortable bedding and plush towels, free internet, good in-room coffee (avoid the lobby machine stuff), flat screen TV, and most of all, a very professional and helpful staff. (We did not choose to use their breakfast option). And the price...$299 for a king-size... is matchless for a nice place in midtown. We will definitely return.	
Apr 18 2008 	Great Location!	We are finishing up a 5 night stay today at the Courtyard Mariott Times Square South. I booked directly on Mariott's website using my Mariott rewards number and a credit card. We booked for a double double which we received.The common areas-neat and clean. Concierge desk available to assist you with show tixs and other excursions. They offer a breakfast, I did not partake and don't know the cost. I can say that the wait staff gave my husband some complimentary snack bars for our toddler. I thought that was nice. There is a free coffee machine outside of elevator if you are interested.Security-need to use your key card to access all floors in the elevator. A good feature. The Room (Pro's)-A decent size for a NYC hotel.  Nice sized flat screen LCD TV, complimentary wireless internet. We had a bit of a view of The Empire State Building from our room on the 26th floor which was nice. The bathroom was a fine size-bathtub/shower, complimentary shower products. Keurig single serve coffee machine in room.The Room (Con's)-The double beds seemed on the small size to me (but they were comfortable...).The bathroom sink was right in with the toilet and tub/shower not outside the door as typical in other hotels. That was a little annoying. The bathroom door swung shut automatically and there is no fan in the bathroom so to let steam from the shower disapate you have to prop a shoe or suitcase to hold door open. The cable never came in great on some of the channels-local standard channels like NBC. We weren't there to watch TV so it wasn't a huge deal but it was a bit annoying. The room never cooled off very well for us. Even though it is April it has been in the 70's all week and we like it cool. If it were really summer this would have been a problem. $8 for a bottle of water in the room-come on. I just paid $300 per night!!Housekeeping was NOT great. Our floor was not vacuumed even once during our stay, our individual coffee packets were not filled daily after we used them in the Keurig machine, nor were the coffee mugs and plastic water glasses replaced. One day housekeeping changed the sheets and left some of them piled inside the door rather than taking them for washing. For nearly $300 per night I wasn't impressed with this.Location-Great. Just on the lower tip of Times Square. We actually walked with stroller and rolling suitcase from Penn Station-6 NYC Blocks on a Sunday. There is a Duane Reed Drugstore on corner to pick up snacks, drinks magazines and essentials. Subway also on corner (if you are going to see The Mets you can take the Express 7 all the way to Shea right here!). It's NYC so you can get almost anything you want to eat/drink by walking a block or two in any direction! Go out of hotel and take a right-walk to end of block to lovely Bryant Park. Get a sausage sandwich and relax. Let the kids ride the Carousel there for $2 per ride.	
Apr 17 2008 	Fine place to stay but don't expect luxury or anything special	The Courtyard Times Square South is fine. The hotel is in a good location, you have nice views of the Empire State Building, and the staff is very friendly. However, it's still just ok- there are a lot of other hotels in the same price category that are nicer and offer more amenities (for example, the Residence Inn right around the corner which is newer and much nicer for roughly the same price, or the Millenium Broadway which is also just around the corner and is also a better stay). I'm actually really surprised that the Courtyard is ranked so high on trip advisor, I've stayed at a lot of hotels in NYC, and this isn't one I'd place in the top 20That being said my only real complaint with my stay is with the bathroom- it could use an update. It felt very dated and was incredibly small. I did appreciate the free wireless internet- that is a very nice feature that I wish other hotels would offer rather than charging $12 or $15 a day. And, as I said before, the hotel staff deserves high marks for being friendly and accessible.All in all, the Courtyard is an ok stay and if you get a good deal, you'll enjoy your stay. If, however, there are other Times Square-area hotels about the same price, I'd stay there instead.	
Mar 20 2008 	Excellent central located hotel	This was a great hotel which was in the middle of everything you want to see in New York, other reviews said you were close to places like Times Square but I didn't believe how close until I got there, it is a great location.The hotel itself was very clean Rooms were a great size and the service was excellent.Price was fantastic for a hotel in this location and was more than worth it.Would most definatly return to this hotel.	
Mar 15 2008 	Two old codgers loved this hotel	We are a couple in our 60's and this was our first trip to New York. We stayed at The Courtyard for five nights and would recommend this hotel. We booked direct with Marriott requesting a view of the Empire State Building and extra pillows, which we got. Room was large and clean. Bed extremely comfortable. A problem with our coffee maker was fixed while we were sightseeing. Staff were helpful although when speaking to Chris at reception he was not aware the hotel was so highly rated as he had not visited the Tripadvisor site. (I think this should be a matter of routine for all hotel staff)We liked the fact that it was in a quiet position, but within five minutes we were at Time Square and the theatres. Took breakfast at The Red Flame (5 minute walk, and also recommended by Tripadvisor) which was excellent.Will recommend this hotel to friends and family visiting New York.	
Mar 10 2008 	Watch your belongings	To start, I was suprised that the double room we reserved was so big! For a New York hotel the room was huge. We arrived early and our room was ready before noon on a Saturday, also a big surprise. The extremely friendly and professional staff had us checked in quickly. When I first walked in I thought the room looked very clean, however, after a long trip I had to use the bathroom almost immediately and dismay set in. The bathroom had stains on the floors and the countertop. Although those were the most obvious, the bathroom just didn't seem like it had been cleaned in a LONG TIME. After seeing the bathroom I must admit that I lifted the sheets and checked for bed bugs, I am happy too report, there weren't any. The bed and linens were clean and there were plenty of extra pillows. The second night I was there I had money stolen from my room. Although it amounted to only about $15.00 in change that I left in a cup on the desk, it was still gone. Then I had to go through all my belongings, check for all my credit cards and jewerly, and hope that I didn't miss anything. I was worried the rest of the time that I was there that something else was stolen. Even weirder, when I complained to the front desk, it almost seemed routine the way they had me sign a petty cash slip and handed over the $15.00. No continential breakfast, the ice machine is way down in the basement where there is no security, the coffeee was from a machine and terrible and the phone in between the two double beds didn't work! There was no climate control, it was either hot or freezing.All in all, out of all the hotels in NYC that I stayed at, this was the worst. The price was right, the room was big, but the rest just stunk! Literally, the room stunk!	
Mar 10 2008 	Better than Many at Similar Price	The room was a decent size and in good shape, the staff were very helpful, the location is convenient, and there was no street noise. For the price, you can't do much better in NYC.	
Mar 8 2008 	Will stay here again	I relied on the Tripadvisor reviews for the selection of a hotel in NYC, and I was not disappointed. The Courtyard was in a fantastic location, right near the NYC Library (which is beautiful). We were close to several subway stations as well, and Charlie's Deli was open 24 hrs right next door.The hotel only has 6 or 7 rooms per floor, so it's pretty quiet. The rooms, I am told, are large for NYC. We were very comfortable in our room with 2 double beds. The hotel is small in terms of footprint, but was everything we needed (mostly free internet, comfy beds and good location).Hotels in NYC are expensive. We listened to a lot of people on the shuttle bus from Newark airport, and were glad that we chose a Marriott property. Sounds like there were some horror stories of other hotels.You will pay for this hotel, but not as much as other, and it's probably worth the extra $$ to be comfortable. Staff was responsive, always. The remote for the tv wasn't working, engineering was right there to replace it. Never a service issue at all for us, and they were nice people all around.This is not a luxury, full service hotel. It's a business hotel. It's convenient and provides the things you need, it's very very clean and its comfortable. If I got to NYC again (which is likely) I will stay here again rather than risk some of the places I heard about.	
Feb 29 2008 	Unresponsive staff and at least one filthy room	I stayed here for a business trip. I called ahead to tell them I'd be arriving late. They put me in the last room they had, or so they told me when I checked in. The room was on the 2nd floor right by the elevator, so not plum location, but I was OK with it was I was getting in so late and wanted to go to bed.As soon as I got in the room, all looked find. Went to use the bathroom, and there were tiny flies all around the bathroom. Maybe about 25-50 of them. Disgusting! When I called down, they said they didn't have any room to move me to, and that they'd send a guy up to check out the scene.The guy came up, checked it out, and was also grossed out like I was. He radioed down to the front desk guy but from the hallway (didn't want me to hear what they talked about). The guy came back in and said they'd move me to another room. So much for me having the last open room!The new room wasn't awesome but at least it was clean! But the real kicker about this whole thing is that I was paying like $350 a night to stay here!! Insane. You'd think I'd be sleeping in some palatial digs for that amount or at least getting awesome service. No such luck.	
Feb 27 2008	Loved It!!!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel - based on the good reviews from this website - and I just had to write to tell everyone that we couldn't have picked a better hotel for our first visit to NYC! The hotel was wonderful and the location was so perfect ! If you want to be close to Times Square, the theatre district and the Empire State Building (all two blocks away), this hotel is for you. Plus if you plan to explore the city like we did, it is within walking distance of so many attractions and is only 2 blocks from the subway for the things that you can't walk to. Speaking of subway, we took the subway from JFK ( sooo easy) to the 42nd St station - came up the stairs and just walked two blocks east and there was our hotel. We checked in, went to our room, and held our breath as we opened the curtains - there it was, the view of the Empire State Building as I had requested on my reservation! We both did the happy dance! It was especially neat at night when it would light up in red, white and blue lights in honor of Presidents Day. So when you submit your reservation, make sure and request a view of the ESB! The room was really nice, especially the bed! It felt like we were sleeping on a cloud - with an amazing featherbed and fluffy down comforter. It was great after a full day of sightseeing. The staff were so nice and helpful - they were happy to give us directions and and gave us great recommendations for restaurants and bars. P.S There is a great Irish pub right next to the hotel :-) We would also recommend taking the Grays Line Double Decker bus tour (catch them at Times Square) which was a great way to see all the attractions and sites in Manhattan because you can get off and back on as much as you like. Make sure you get a seat on the top if it's not too cold! The room was a lot more than we normally spend on a hotel but it was worth every penny for the nice, clean room in fabulous location!	
Feb 22 2008 	A Great Experience	This was a great hotel for my first time actually staying in New York. The location could not be better, we where right in Times Square. Everything was in walking distance and the subway was at the end of the block. This is a perfect place to stay if you don't want to hear the ambulances or police sirens going off because you are slightly off of the main street but only by a few steps. The concierge in the lobby was great for site seeing info. We didn't get a chance to do the bus tours, but we did our own site seeing via the subway which was not bad at all once you learned which way to enter for the subway trains. The rooms were nice, we stayed on the 2nd floor ,and of course we didn't have much of a view, but that was ok. The room was more than adequate and clean. The bathroom was a nice size and very clean as well. On check out, we asked for a late check out, but of course because there we so many people before us asking for late check out, all they could do for us was 1pm but they stored our luggage in the hotel at no additional fee as we continued to explore New York further. Will deifinetly visit again.	
Feb 19 2008 	valentines weekend	My wife and I have just returned today from a 4 night stay at the hotel for valentines weekend. We booked the hotel after reading the reviews on trip advisor, which has become our reliable holidaying guide. The hotel: LOCATION - 500 yards from times square, 6 blocks from Macy's and empire, 1 1/2 blocks from 5th ave, subway on corner, Bryant park (which is lovely) 1 block away, overall an excellent location. Also stayed on high floor so absolutely no noise. ROOM - Not the most modern but accaptable, after all we didnt go from Scotland all the way to New York for the room. STAFF - Extremely happy and helpful throughout the entire stay. WOULD WE STAY THERE AGAIN - Absolutely, If you are on a budget and want a value hotel then this is the one. If you expect luxury then this is not for you.Overall new york was wonderful. Breakfast at the Red flame diner on 42nd and 6th, is FAB. O'lunneys Irish bar on 43rd and 7th was great for both drink and food. We tipped the barman $2 every time we bought a drink and every 3rd drink we would get 1 on the house. Woodbury common (a 1hr bus ride from port authority) for bargains is unbelievable, especially if you're British because of the dollar. A horse and cart ride for $34 in central park is also wonderful.The End	
Feb 11 2008	Convenient great location	Marriott Courtyard Times Square is conveniently located near Times Square, right nearby lovely Bryant Park. Friendly staff (if a bit over-attentive), well appointed rooms, although there was a constant cold draft going through which was uncomfortable. Free wireless internet was a big plus. An overall nice hotel	
Feb 11 2008	good room and location	Comfortable room, smallish but have had worse in central New York. Short walk to bus from Newark and subway stations. Reasonable breakfasts in room on ground floor at back.	
Feb 7 2008 	Excellent room and location	I took my two daughters (aged 26 and 19) here for a long weekend treat. We shared a room with two queen doubles - THE most comfortable beds we've ever had in a hotel. Really lovely mattresses and linen. Plenty of space in the room, which also had a desk, desk chair (no armchair, but that's OK), chest of drawers and wardrobe with good mirrors. Bathroom quite small but fine; shower over bath had good pressure. TV and clock radio with I-Pod docking station. Safe in closet. An added bonus to our very comfortable stay was that we had a brilliant view of the Empire State Building; we were on the 25th floor (I had requested a high floor in my booking and we were delighted). The staff were pleasant and helpful. Free coffee in the foyer. We didn't breakfast at the hotel as it wasn't in our deal, but there were lots of local places to choose from. Absolutely brilliant location. So easy to get everywhere we wanted to go, either by walking, subway or taxi. Close to Times Square for the night time buzz, but not disturbed by any noise from there as we had a room at the rear of the hotel. Would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 2 2008 	Great Stay	We chose this hotel for our visit to New York after reading many positive reviews on this site. Our trip took in Thanksgiving last year and was we in the ideal spot to take in the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade we literally walked out the hotel and turned left and slapped bang into the parade route. Just on the corner of Broadway and 42nd we could not be located any better for Times Square and Macy's a stone's throw away, and it was such excellent value. The rooms were clean and more spacious than expected after hearing about New York's legendary small hotel rooms, they had modern decor and flat screen tv not that we spent much time awake in there. All in all a very nice stay so much so that looking to stay again when next vist.	
Feb 1 2008 	Good Find	Spent one night at this hotel. Was happy with the room on the 27th floor facing 40th St., although there is no view. Room was small but comfortable. Check-in was fast and check-out can be done by voicemail. Free wireless Internet reliable. A personal safe in the room was big enough to hold a notebook computer. There were few inconveniences. There is no ice or vending machine on the floor. You need to go down to the lower lobby level. But once you're there, there is plenty of drinks and snacks. Also, the drain in the bathtub is very noisy.	
Jan 31 2008	Justifiably popular	I chose this hotel for business travel based largely on its high ratings from TripAdvisor reviewers, and I wasn't disappointed. Although the hotel is located on a nondescript stretch of W. 40th St., it's within walking distance of every major midtown attraction as well as NYC's major subway lines. Request a high floor and an Empire State Building view for a touch of flair; otherwise, simply enjoy the convenience of being just outside of NYC's hubbub (in contrast to the Marriott Marquis a few blocks north; where you have to fight the Times Square crowds to get to your hotel).The amenities are impressive. My room came with free wireless internet (better than the free wired connection promised by the hotel website), which was fast and flawless, a *huge* plus. The modestly sized flat-screen TV was a nice touch; more important was the content, all free of charge, on the TV- several dozen stations, including HBO, Showtime, Cinemax and The Movie Channel. Keeping the only ice machines in the basement was an odd quirk, but the free coffee machine in the lobby made up for it. Can't give the hotel credit for this one, but it was great having a falafel cart parked right down the road all night.The rooms are fine, the location is good, and the staff is friendly, but what really distinguishes this place is the convenience of the free wireless internet, TV with enough channels to make it watchable, and a worry-free stay.	
Jan 30 2008 	Great location clean room overall good choice!	My husband and I stayed at the Courtyard last Saturday night and were very happy with our stay. The hotel is within easy walking distance to all the theatres; the room was very clean and comfortable; the gym is adequate for a simple workout and the staff was friendly. As previous reveiwers mentioned, the elevators can be a little slow, but it wasn't a major problem. For the price, I think this hotel is a bargain for New York City and would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 28 2008 	Excellent location pleasant hotel	We stayed here on Christmas Eve. We only had a night in New York, and we wanted a good location over all else. The hotel certainly has it - a couple of blocks from Times Square (but a quiet street) and close to everything in Midtown.The hotel is a standard business hotel - no hassle, nothing spectacular (although a lot of pillows, and an LCD TV!) but big rooms for NYC, clean, nice, very pleasant. We didn't have a view of anything exciting, but never mind.Paid $139 including all taxes and charges - for a really pleasant hotel in a brilliant location this was excellent value.	
Jan 24 2008 	Great Location!!!	Stayed at this hotel MLK weekend. The location was perfect for us. We went on the grayline tours, which picked up a few blocks away in Times Square. Very convenient location. Subway was half a block away. Walked uptown and downtown very easily. Liberty Airport shuttle very convenient, a couple of block away at Bryant Park. Not to mention the price was nice, $179 a night.Our room was clean and comfortable. NIce sized room with nice sized closet. The front desk personnel was always friendly. Internet access available in lobby, which allowed us to checkin and print out our boarding passes. I would definatley stay here again and recommend to others.	
Jan 22 2008 	Fantastic Hotel!	Given that it was around New Years and Hotels were generally expensive my wife and I were extremely happy the location and facilities this Hotel provides.It is approximately 5 minutes walk to both Times Square and Herald Square (Macys) which is ideal for those who are concerned with Shopping.The room was quite spacious for Manhattan and was very clean. The Lobby was small but provided Tea/Coffee facilities and free Internet which was an added bonus.I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York, in particular if they are looking to be central while not compromising on the quality of the rooms.All in all a great hotel!	
Jan 14 2008 	Excellent Value	I stayed in the Marriot court yard for a pre-christmas break 2 years ago. I stayed with 3 friends, and we were given a room with 2 double beds. The room was of average size, with decent size bathroom. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It is on 42nd street, just 1 block from time square, and is central enough to walk anywhere! There is an irish bar across the street, and also a nice bar to the left of the hotel entrance - we ate there and the food was delicious, they did a lovely sunday brunch! Briant park is at the end of the street, where they have lovely little sunday markets and there are lots of places to eat nearby! I would say this hotel is a better rating than a 2 star. It certainly compares highly with most 4* hotels i have stayed in! Staff were excellent, very helpful and always keen to assist!	
Jan 9 2008 	Good Hotel but slow elevators and limited views	We stayed at this hotel on December 26, 2007 and had a partial Empire State Building view on a high floor.The lobby area was small but well decorated and the room was a good size for Manhattan and well decorated. We paid a special rate of $169, direct from Marriott.I would rate the hotel as a 3 star. It has both good and bad qualities.The good:- The location is great - a block or two from Times Square- The staff were friendly and helpful- The price was good for the areaThe bad:- The front of the hotel was under renovation and was not much to look at.- With over 30 floors, the few elevators (also used by service personnel) are not sufficient. This results in long waits at times.- The view from our room on the back of the hotel did include part of the Empire State Building but also included a poorly maintained old office building directly across the street.I would recommend the Courtyard Times Square South if the price is right. There are probably better choices in the area but not at the price we paid.	
Jan 9 2008 	Great location for a good price	My husband and I stayed there for Christmas eve and day. The rooms are clean and enough if you are just visiting NYC for a few days. The location was the best - 2 blocks from Times Square and right across the street from Bryant Park. The staff was nice and accomodating. I would recommend this hotel.	
Jan 7 2008 	Not so much	After a wonderful 4 night stay at the Hilton Garden Inn, we headed over to the Marriott Courtyard TS for a weekend stay using rewards. We were expecting a similar experience here based on all of the reviews. Unfortunately, our stay was OK at best. We're guessing housekeeping just finished cleaning the room as it reeked of air freshener, and a the refridgerator wasn't cleaned out from the previous guests. Our room was more along the lines of a motel - it was tiny, and the furniture was very worn. It definitely needed a facelift. The bathroom door wouldn't stay open, so we had to put a towel down to hold it open, otherwise, the bathroom was really muggy after showers, and the mirror stayed fogged. We had a king bed &amp; a roll away for our son, and it was a really tight fit - two nights was all we could stand of our tiny room. Being a Marriott Rewards Platinum member, we expected a nicer room, however, we did stay on points &amp; made use of the coin laundry facilities, so our main reasons for staying were accomplished.  I will say the staff was very friendly, and the hotel is in a great location - we could walk to just about anything in the Times Square area, and the subway was just steps away. The location is what makes this hotel high in the ratings. Personally, I feel there are better choices.	
Jan 6 2008	Great Location - Has a fly problem in Room 204	We stayed in this hotel November 15 - 18th. You cannot beat the location and the price for Manhattan. I was traveling with my incredibly spry 83 year old mother. When we checked in - the only room available was the handicapped accessable room - which is just fine with us - and especially in Manhattan where this usually results in a larger room. (Room #204). We checked in the and bathroom had flies. Many flies. My mom felt certain these came up through the sewer drain in the unusual shower set up for a wheelchair. She was probably right. We reported this and asked for the room to be sprayed while we were out to dinner. Still had flies. Next day - reported the fly problem - received a lovely apology and breakfast coupons and a promise to spray - still had flies. Next day - flies. Reported again. Checked out with flies. Simple bleach in the drain would have cured the problem. I am a frequent Marriott &quot;stay-er&quot; and reported this on the web site. No response. Good thing I am a hardy girl from the Midwest and not afraid of bugs.	
Jan 3 2008 	Good location Internet problems	The location of this hotel, southeast of Times Square, makes it a good choice for the business traveller.On this trip, however, I had major problems with the Internet. On my first room on the 5th floor, my laptop could see one access point, but couldn't connect. I called the help line, and they reset the router. To check that it wasn't my computer, I went down to the lobby, and connected immediately to the network.I requested a different room, and was moved up to the 15th floor. My computer can now see three access points, but doesn't seem to connect to the closest. Internet access is extremely slow ... which makes it impossible to do any real work.I wrote a note to the management this morning, about the Internet problem, saying that I had more reservations at this location this month. The Internet is still a problem tonight. I've now made a reservation to move to the Residence Inn across the street for the weekend. On Monday, I may or may not check back into this hotel, because I normally get a lot of work done in the hotel ... but not on this trip.	
Dec 31 2007 	Comfortable stay	After reading the reviews above, my husband and I stayed at this hotel on Dec 24-26, 2007. I think the reviews were representative of the stay--the room was on the 24th floor, it was very quiet, clean, and comfortable. The room and bathroom were a little on the small side, but that is New York. The important thing is that it was a clean, well-appointed room. We slept well. All the hotel staff we dealt with were very nice and accomodating. Liked how they had free internet (with printer) in the hotel lobby. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant on 12/25 and it was more than adequate and reasonably priced for a sit down breakfast. Note that the rate we paid per night was $150 (this is the AAA rate from the Marriott.com website). Considering the price (assuming I could get this rate again), location (steps from Times Square/Bryant Park) and the room, I would definitely consider staying here again.	
Dec 28 2007 	Fantastic - Location Service - Everything!!	This Hotel is FANTASTIC and I will definitely recommend it. It is a little gem in the heart of New York - not expensive at all, very clean, friendly staff, wonderful atmosphere - we enjoyed every minute we stayed at this hotel. The location is excellent - near all the attractions. We stayed there over christmas - it was a wonderful experience. I will definitely return to the Marriot Courtyard!!	
Dec 27 2007 	A wonderful experience	I stayed at the Courtyard for a romantic getaway weekend just before Christmas, and it was a terrific weekend. The hotel wasn't too difficult to find and the accommodations were high class. I felt safe since the elevators required a hotel key to access upper floors and the room was much bigger than usual NYC hotels provide. I asked for a room with a view of the Empire State Building, and we could see it, sort of. A room on another part of the floor would have given a better view, but oh, well.The only problem we encountered was when we went to retrieve our car from valet upon leaving. There was a $48.00 charge per day (which they didn't mention...they should say that up front, even though I still would have paid it would've been nice to know) and they kept us waiting for nearly an hour while our car was fetched. It turned out that it had been there for a half hour or so, but no one said anything (we were sitting in the lobby by the door the whole time). They did take off one night's charge for the valet for making us wait unnecessarily, so that was a good thing.All in all, it was great to have easy access to the subway and all Times Square attractions (easy walking distance). Everyone was terrifically friendly and helpful and I would stay here again.	
Dec 26 2007 	Location location location	It's like the real estate people say -- location really does matter. If you're into theater, this place this perfect. Only about 10-15 minutes' walk from the theater district, but thankfully away from the madness of Times Square. Just a block from Grand Central (meaning lots of subway connections), right off of Fifth Avenue . . . I mean, what else can you ask? What's more -- given NYC prices and the neighborhood -- it was fairly priced. Clean, comfortable, good service, all that.	
Dec 26 2007 	Great place to stay in NYC!	We have just spent Christmas in NYC and stayed at the Courtyard Times Square South. This hotel will not disappoint! The rooms are very clean and very comfortable. The front desk and concierge staff are extremely friendly and very accommodating. The location can't be beat - - - just steps away from the 42nd Street subway to the west and the Bryant Park subway to the east. Breakfast available in the hotel, although we didn't partake given the high prices. Walked everywhere - and this is possible because of the central location. We will DEFINITELY stay here once again - great value, great staff, great price, great hotel!	
Dec 23 2007 	Great price room and location for the price	We stayed at this Residence Inn 12/21/07 for a quick Christmastime visit to NYC and it was perfect. We wanted to keep it kind of cheap, but not a dive, and this place was $199 and nice. The staff was GREAT - front desk, concierge, parking people, everyone was cheerful and efficient. We got there about 10:30 AM, dropped the car and bags and took off. We asked for and got a room with a bit of a view of the Empire State Building - we were on the 32nd floor so waited for elevators a bit.The hotel is on a funky block of 40th St, but it has great access to loads of stuff. Bryant Park is steps away, with ice skating and loads of street vendors/booths with Christmas stuff. The NYC City library is right next to the park, saw the famous reading rooms there, plus Jack Kerouac's manuscript scroll of On The Road. How cool is that? We walked to Rockefeller Center, to Grand Central, to Hell's Kitchen, to Sak's and St Patrick's - everything Christmasy was walking distance.We would really recommend this hotel if you want to keep it cheap and have a very central location. Two thumbs up.	
Dec 18 2007	Expectations fulfilled	We booked this hotel after reading wholly positive reports on Tripadviser and were not disappointed. We requested, and got, a room with a view of the Empire State Building. Room was immaculately clean. Beds really comfy though I practically needed a stepladder to climb in over the mountainous layers of mattress toppers/duvet and pillows. Super flat screen TV and v useful proper fridge.The hotel is amazingly quiet. No corridor noise or traffic noise . Staff were friendly and helpful and really made us feel welcome.The location is excellent. Couple of blocks to subway, 6 blocks to Macy's [closer than it sounds] and we loved the incredibly pretty [it snowed!] Bryant Park with its ice rink and many interesting holiday shops which was literally at the end of the block.I couldn't believe how safe and cleanNY felt [compared with London]and how friendly everyone was. A complete contrast to my last visit 25 yrs ago.Shopping was fantastic. Century 21 a must. We enjoyed Ellis Island and stumbled upon a very interesting and moving record of 9/11 and the rescue efforts at St Pauls Chapel, the small church next to Ground Zero	
Dec 18 2007 	Great central hotel	If you are after a large busy city centre hotel with big lobbies and restaurants where you can see and be seen this hotel is definately NOT for you. For the rest of us sane human beings this is an oasis and calm and quiet comfort only 150 feet from Broadway and 2 blocks down from Times Square. We had a great time here and it is so central. Many attarctions are within an easy walk and for those that are not there is a subway station within 100 feet of the hotel!The staff were very friendly and helpful. We arrived very early - well before the checking in time but it was no problem at all (not even mentioned!) and we were given a choice of several rooms and advice on what would be the best - which was spot on too. Special mention also goes to the concierge, Chris. He gave us some great advice on what to do and where to eat. The local diner he recommended was great.As others mentioned there was a great view of the Empire State Building from our room (3101) - see the photo we have posted. However be aware that not all rooms (even those high up) have this view. Looking at the layout of the hotel (it appears to be tall and narrow with only 8 rooms on each floor) it would appear that room numbers 01 and 02 on each of the higher floors will have this good view. The others I am not sure would.Rooms are large (for NY) and comfortable. Bathroom was a bit dated but was clean with good showers. All usual facilities in the room - the only downside was no mini-bar. As others have stated this hotel does not have a bar, but there is a little shop in the lobby where you can buy cold drinks. Coffee and other hot drinks are free from the small lobby.	
Dec 5 2007 	Will Return to the Courtyard Times Square	My husband and I booked this hotel for our Thanksgiving getaway. I've stayed in a number of other NY hotels and have had semi-traumatic experiences, so I was naturally anxious to see the quality of the rooms at the Courtyard. We were not disappointed. The rooms were spacious by NY standards, and, more importantly they were very clean. The beds were incredibly comfortable. The only complaint about the room was the size of the bathroom - and the fact that the bathroom did not have an exhaust fan - which can make getting ready in the AM a challenge. The staff was amazing and super friendly. The free coffee in the lobby helped compensate for the over-priced breakfast. There is a Pax a couple blocks away where you can get a reasonably priced breakfast. Also, Bryant Park is nearby that has a wonderful cafe and great little shops. The location was great - centrally located to all the sights and w/in minutes of the subway. Waiting for the elevators at the end of a long day was a minor inconvenience. This hotel is also a great locale if you are wanting to watch the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade without getting crushed by the crowds. We were able to watch the parade, while also having the convenience of going in and out of the hotel to get coffee and take breaks. If you are looking for a trendy NY boutique - then this probably isn't the place. But I also know from experience that these &quot;hip&quot; boutiques can sometimes be a huge disappointment in terms of comfort and cleanliness. This hotel will not disappoint if comfort, cleanliness, locaton, and friendliness are your priorities.	
Dec 4 2007 	Exactly as I hoped for after reading the reviews	As other reviewers have suggested, I recommend staying on a high floor - this gives you a great view of the Empire State Building. If you book directly with the hotel's website, there is an option to request this. Despite being on a high floor, the lifts quickly take you down to the ground floor. After reading the reviews, this hotel was exactly as I hoped it would be. Excellent room with very comfy beds, very clean bathroom, in-room safe,and the bonus of a great view which other hotels would charge extra for. The only negative would be that the free wireless internet in the room did not always work, however there is free internet and a printer in the lobby. There is no bar in the hotel, but there is one at the Marriott Residence Inn very close by, and you can get a discount voucher from the Courtyard. As with all hotels, never use the phone in your room to make an international call. I foolishly made a 90 second call back to the UK and it cost me £11!The staff were helpful, and check-in was fast. The best thing about this hotel is the location. Walk 5-10 minutes one block to 5th Avenue and you are right by the huge department store Lord &amp; Taylor which is well worth a visit. Walk 5-10 minutes down a few streets on Broadway and you are at Macy's. Times Square is equally as close.I have stayed at a few hotels in Manhattan using Trip Advisor reviews and all of them have been very good, but given the price we paid ($285 per night including tax) and the location this was the best.	
Nov 30 2007 	Great Location	This hotel is in a perfect location and our stay was out of this world. Times Square is a 5 min walk!! The hotel itself is currently being updated and our room was fine and the bed was amazingly comfortable...Don't bother with the coffee in your room as there is free tea and coffee machine in the lobby.. Use this....Be warned however that the price quoted DOES NOT INCLUDED LOCAL TAX. A typical 4 night stay will add a further £120 to the quote you get from this website...For those wishing to do New York on a budget I would pay more to get a better quality hotel as the the additional travel costs make it not worth it..... Location fantastic, close to Macys, Empire State Building Broadway Shows Times Square..However, when we were there the broadway shows were still on strike. We had an amazing time and nothing was too much trouble for the staff.I would highly recommed this hotel. Would we go back??? YES.RegardsLee	
Nov 27 2007	Highly recommended for a good value stay in Manhattan	My brother and I spent a few days in this hotel and we were pleasantly surprised by how accurate the previous reviews on this site were. The hotel is very well located - right in the middle of Manhattan on 40th Street between 7th Ave &amp; Broadway - and minutes away from Times Square. There is even a subway station 20 seconds away!We were on the 28th floor, which was amazing in terms of acoustics as we did not hear any of the typical New York sounds. The room itself (we had two double beds) was spacious (even by non-NYC standards) and clean. The beds were ultra comfortable and the bathroom was adequate.The service from the staff was always polite and helpful, with lots of friendly faces and always a &quot;good morning/ afternoon/ evening&quot;. The hotel may be a little &quot;soul-less&quot; and if you are looking for a unique boutiquey experience, then this is not the place for you, but considering the price, location, and quality of the place, I would highly recommend it as a place to stay when in NYC!!	
Nov 12 2007 	Very good stay	Just got back from a 4 night stay in NYC at the CY Marriott Times Square. We arrived late on a Thurs night, only to find out the hotel was overbooked. However they arranged for us to stay at the CYM 5th Avenue down the street at no charge to us. Given the rack rate for that hotel was $570/night, it was a very nice gesture that was much appreciated. They were even willing to pay for a cab to take us there, but as it was only 1.5 blocks, we decided to walk it. They threw in some free bottled water and sent us on our way.We checked back in the following day right after 12 noon, after checking out of the other hotel. I thought there was no way our room would be ready, but it was. We asked for a quiet room, as the stay at the other hotel had been facing 40th and we could hear the sound of trucks and taxis all night long. They put us on the 6th floor overlooking the narrow entrance to the hotel. The floor only had 8 rooms on it. We couldn't hear a single noise from outside, although sometimes the hallway would get loud with doors opening/shutting and elevators operating.The room was decently sized (about twice the size of the CYM 5th Ave room) and very comfortable. The bed was terrific - hubby said he hadn't slept so well in months. Not much else to say about it; everything was in proper working order and we had no complaints.The hotel is well-located between 6th and Broadway, half a block to Bryant Park and just a few minutes to the heart of Times Square. The front office staff was generally very courteous and helpful. We used the concierge a couple times, including getting tix to &quot;Young Frankenstein&quot; just two hours before the show. We had a couple of large purchases delivered to the hotel and had no problems picking them up from the front desk (they even left a message on our phone that the deliveries had arrived). We didn't try the restaurant, but there are so many great places to eat just steps from the front door.Towncar to the hotel from JFK cost us $46 plus tolls and tip. The return, which we arranged through the concierge, was about $75 including tolls and tip. On advice of the staff, we headed out at 6 am for a 9 am flight on a Monday morning, but made it to the airport by 6:30!I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone looking for a good hotel in NYC. Rates were also pretty decent - considerably lower than any of the Starwood or other Marriotts I checked out.	
Oct 29 2007 	loved the marriott	Went to new york city for a girls trip for 4 nights.Were looking for a hotel in times square ,so expect to pay more.The hotel staff were excellent and helpful.When we needed a cab ,in the poring rain,the doorman ,umbrella in tow,went out to try to get us a cab,as they were hard to come by on a rainy night.He came through for us.The rooms were good size,and beds were very comfy,and very clean.Location excellent for walking everywhere in the theatre district.Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 27 2007 	Indifferent Lying Staff Cost Me Big $$$	We used the valet to park our rental car. When we asked for it to be brought up, hotel staff left it unattended and did not notify us it was there for 15 min. When we got to the car, we were treated to a $115 parking ticket which the hotel has yet to take care of.We also checked our luggage into the bell closet while we did some last minute sight-seeing. My laptop was in a small duffel. When we got our luggage back and I checked my laptop later that day, I discovered the screen was cracked - and cracked to such and extent to suggest that our belongings had been deliberately mishandled.My wife remembered the bellman. When we provided this information, we were assured he was a good employee and he said nothing had happened to our property while it was in their care. Still, the front desk manager, Roman Babekov, told us they would refer the claim to their insurance and gave me a bunch of busywork questions to provide him. When I finally spoke to the adjuster, they told me they were denying the claim. Despite the fact that I have been extremely polite during this whole processs, Babekov et al have now ceased all contact with me and have not offered me any resolution other than &quot;sorry.&quot;BEWARE.	
Oct 26 2007 	First rate hotel.	Just returned from a five night stay in this lovely hotel. Arrived very late and tired and we were checked in and in our room within minutes. Had requested a room with a view of the Empire State Building and we were not disappointed. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room facilities were excellent.The location is perfect, just off Broadway, close to Time Square. We would recommend the open top tour buses that have a 'hop on-hop off' facility, making it the perfect way to get around if you are on a short stay. We booked this through the hotel and the concierge suggested that we paid the 'All Loops' inclusive price, this meant that for $49 we were able to travel downtown, uptown and, best of all, a night time tour across the Madison Bridge to Brooklyn, enabling us to get the best view of the Manhattan Skyline at night. The ticket can be used over two days and well worth the money.We had breakfast in the hotel on the first morning, this was good value but there are so many places to eat in close proximity to the hotel so we tried an assortment of places for the rest of our stay. We made use of the free tea and coffee machine that is located at the rear of the reception area although there was also a coffee maker in the room. It was just so easy to pop down in the lift and collect early morning/late night tea and coffee!All in all, a great trip and when we go back to New York, we won't hesitate to book this hotel again.	
Oct 24 2007 	Great location / Helpful Staff	I stayed at the Courtyard with a friend after we went to see a play on Broadway. Our room - with 2 queen beds - was a generous size by NYC standards. The room was modern and clean and the beds are the new Marriott beds - quite comfortable! The front desk staff and the concierge were both extremely helpful in making arrangements for dinner and the trip to the airport the following morning. For the price, location &amp; staff courtesy, this hotel is highly recommended.	
Oct 15 2007 	Fantastic	We stayed at this hotel following trip advisor recommendations and they were exactly right. The hotel was clean, tidy and staff extremely friendly. The rooms are a very good size and the beds are very comfortable. The shower was very powerful and always very hot. The hotel is ideally located for Times Square and other attractions. We didnt have breakfast in the hotel but if you turn right walking out the hotel Pax's wholesome foods is very reasonable and we had a good breakfast everyday. We would recommend the open top bus tours, good value and a good way to see the city.Overall highly recommended!	
Oct 13 2007 	Worth the money!!!	I don't usually write reviews about hotels that I stay at for only one night. However, this place was pretty nice. The front desk staff was friendly, everything was clean, and the room was taken care of. It is very centrally located and has some nice restaurants nearby. I would definitely stay there again when I go into manhattan for a show and stay overnight.	
Oct 13 2007 	Loved this hotel	I traveled with a group of 8 women and we stayed in two rooms. We could not have been more pleased. We were on the 26th floor and one of the rooms had an Empire State Bldg view. The rooms were quiet, the beds were incredible, and the rooms were very clean. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Will definitely stay here again!	
Oct 12 2007 	Perfection !	From reading reviews on TripAdvisor I had high expectations of the Courtyard and I wasn't disappointed. From the moment we checked in until we returned to collect our luggage on the last day we couldn't have asked for more. We arrived slightly earlier than the stated 3:00 check-in but there was no problem with us checking in. The clerk on reception was exceptionally helpful and also provided us with complimentary tote bags which came in very handy for the journey home.The whole hotel is smoke-free with hefty fines for anyone caught smoking in a room. Rooms are spacious and very clean with good storage (wardrobes/drawers) and also a safe. The bathroom is also excellent with a wonderful rain drop shower head and more than enough towels.The beds (twin queen sized in our room, as requested) were the most comfortable I have ever slept in and the hotel is very quiet with hardly any traffic noise audible from outside.Location-wise it is ideal - very close to Times Square and a number of the key attractions with a good number of taxis passing the front door both during the day and in the evening if your feet are tired from pounding the pavements.The concierge was very helpful both with information about attractions and restaurants and there is also a PC with printer available in the lobby which guests can use to access the Internet and check-in for return flights etc - at no charge !All in all a perfect place either for business or leisure trips to the Big Apple.	
Oct 5 2007	Great location and clean!	I am very picky when selecting a hotel. I chose this one because of the location and reputation. I booked directly with the hotel.I was able to pick a room location on line. I prefer lower location rooms. I was given a second floor room. I was very pleased! The room was a good size. Very Clean! The bed was so comfortable, bedding was nice and soft. The pillows were amazing. It actually was better than my bed at home. I would definately reccomend this hotel.	
Sep 13 2007 	Absolutely Perfect	I'll start with a summary, because there is one thing you need to know. This hotel is absolutely fantastic - we found NO faults during our stay here - it could not have been better.We arrived on September 4th after a long flight from the UK. The hotel entrance is somewhat small and it becomes clear after entering that this is a very tall and narrow hotel with a lot of floors but only a small number of rooms on each floor. Not to worry - there are three elevators located in the lobby which take you from the Lower Level all the way up to the 33rd floor.When we arrived, just after 12pm we were greeted warmly. We were worried that our room would not be ready as the hotel's check-in time is actually 3pm. However, the receptionist said that this was not a problem and a minute or two later we were checked in and in the elevator ascending to the 29th floor and our room, number 2901.The room was absolutely spotless and was furnished quite tastefully. Everything worked - we did not have to call in maintenance once nor did we require anyone else's help with our room during our enitre five night stay. The two double beds fitted quite comfortably into the room although I am led to believe that it is small by US standards. It was certainly a lot larger than many rooms I've stayed in while in the UK!One thing which I was very pleased to see was that there were plenty of electrical outlets in the room. Perhaps a little odd but I enjoy the flexibility of being able to connect my laptop/mobile phone where I need it rather than where there is an outlet.Speaking of my laptop the room rate included complimentary &quot;high speed&quot; internet which is achieved through a small box located on the desk. They provided an ethernet cable in the desk drawer so no need to bring your own. The internet speed itself was about a half megabit and by UK standards this isn't high speed but it is more than sufficient for checking email and sending messages home.The beds were fantastic - each one was prepared daily for us very professionally by the maid who must spend hours of her working week fluffing pillows so they are just perfect. Each bed had five pillows on it and they were very, very comfortable.We did not sample the hotel's dining facilities - we were in New York for pleasure and found a very nice place on West 40th St. called Pax Wholesome Foods who prepared breakfast for both of us for less than $12 per day. It was delicious and just one block from the hotel.We were surprised to find that this room did not include a minibar as is common in Europe. Instead the hotel provided a small refrigerator in the bathroom which was perfect for storing canned or bottled drinks. I thought this was a very nice touch as it allowed us to keep drinks cool for when we returned. It certainly beats paying extortionate rates for the drinks or snacks the hotel thinks you might like to have.The room was VERY quiet and in fact while in bed we could not hear the world outside. It's incredible that it was so quiet given its extremely central location.The shower was located over the bathtub but was very comfortable and included two heads - one adjustable rainhead one and another which you could remove from the wall and hold in your hand. Yet another nice touch from Marriott.The LCD television provided is clear and large enough to view from both beds in the room. There were around forty channels to view although most were US ones. In addition there were about ten Sirius Satellite Radio stations to choose from on the TV. A small CD player/clock radio was provided by the beds too.This was our first visit to the USA, our first outside of Europe and our first with Marriott. To say we were satisfied would be an understatement. We paid $329 per night for our room and while this may be expensive from our perspective it certainly was not for a hotel located literally two minutes walk from Times Square (which friends have commented is the &quot;centre of the world&quot;). We could have paid much more for a stay at Hilton, Sheraton or W hotels, all of which had a much bigger façade but I think that this is probably the best value hotel on Manhattan island.If you are considering this hotel don't hesitate. If I go back to New York I won't need the services of TripAdvisor which led me to this hotel, I'll know to book it right away, it really is that perfect.	
Sep 10 2007	Friendly reception	The hotel is very convenient to the subway F train, and to times square. Upon arrival, the staff at the reception area were very warm,friendly and welcoming. Although we reserved a king room, only a room with two beds were available, probably because we arrived aroung 6:30pm. But we were put in a king room the following night. Room with the two beds had a small refrigerator, but the king bed room had none. The bathroom door in both room did not stay open, so had to squeeze a small towel under the door to hold it in position. Rooms were clean. Coffee machine in lobby convenient. They should offer breakfast to elite members like the Hilton guest program, but otherwise i would definitely stay here again if the rate is good. Staff at the front made you feel safe by acknowledging those who entered the property.	
Sep 8 2007 	Perfect	We stayed here for 3 nights this week having chosen carefully from the reviews on this site, and it was perfect. I was dreading arriving and being disappointed with the room or noise etc, but it was absolutely ideal. It is justifiably in the top 10(ish) of most popular hotels.The hotel could not be in a better location being minutes from Times Square, Bryant Park, Penn Station, Macy's, Grand Central and the Empire States Building.The hotel is shoe-horned into a slim space betweeen two office blocks, but is incredibly well-kept and quiet. The staff were extremely polite and welcoming, the concierge was excellent, and the room was lovely. It is true that the bed was the comfiest I have ever known!I can be quite critical, but cannot find a single fault with this hotel. If you are able to afford to pay about $300 per night, definitely stay here.I am hoping to return to NY and will certainly be back at this hotel.	
Sep 5 2007 	Very Friendly	We have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Courtyard at Mariott in Times Square New York. We were pleasantly surprised to find that the hotel was central and not far from the attractions. We received a very warm welcome from the friendly reception staff. The reception area was very clean and smelt lovely. Our room was small but clean, the bed extremely comfortable. Our telephone charger did not work and the staff went out of their way to find a charger for us. The only disappointment was no bar in the hotel although there were many bars in the surrounding area and actually did not matter. Breakfast was good and again the staff were extremely friendly and helpful.We would definately go there again.	
Aug 22 2007 	Location Location Location !!!!	The room while not your typical large Marriott room was still all we needed. Comfortable and quiet in the big apple :-) (room 2506) . I really thought we would have noise simply from being where we were but nothing. Simply a great place to stay. Easy access to the subway (only about a 4 min walk). FREE and fast internet access. The conceirge reccommended a Japanese restaurant not far away Haru (205 west 43rd St) Had a great meal there, would reccommend anyone who likes Japanese to go. There was also a restaurant (about 3 mins walk away) in the hotel information booklet we decided to try. Jacks's Restaurant &amp; Bar was pretty good .. we got the lunch time special Tappas plate and totally enjoyed it. Yes I know there are way too many places around times square to eat but we enjoyed these two very much.	
Aug 10 2007 	Great location and service.	A clean and comfortable hotel with free high speed internet, fitness rooom and breakfast room. Great location for many attractions and close to subway. Staff friendly and concierge servvice excellent. All recommendations for restuarants were great and the tickets booked by concierge for Jersey Boys were much cheaper than I could get on internet. We would stay here again.	
Aug 7 2007	Mediocre	Although the hotel was decent, I was underwhelmed. I was ignored at check-in, and the staff actually checked in someone who arrived after me. The room was a decent size by NYC standards (which still means small). The room and bathroom were very clean. I had problems with the door to the room, which became quite obvious when I noticed that the door was ajar when I first entered. The door would not close all of the way unless you pushed or pulled (depending on whether you are leaving or entering). Shortly after I had checked in, I mentioned this to a cleaning staff member who was across the hall. She just giggled and said that you have to make sure it is closed. I thought about calling downstairs, but I was only going to be there one night so I figure it would be okay. Another problem was that the bathroom lights did not always completely turn on and it took 15ish minutes for them to heat up and turn on (these were the main lights, not some shower light). I did like that the hotel seemed secure and relatively quiet. One final negative is that there was no ATM machine in the hotel, which of course is a necessity in NYC.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great for the price: Courtyard New York Manhattan/Times Square South	I took my daughter here for her 16th birthday and we had a long weekend. The staff were very professional and polite but could appear a little intimidating at times. We would have appreciated more advice from them on places to go as it was our first time travelling to NY and as 2 females we were nervous. I asked for a rec Italian restaurant and they sent us to a completely over- fussy expensive one, not at all suitable for our laid back style. The room was excellent as it was quiet, very, very clean and the pillows were like marshmallows ! It is really well priced for where it is situated and i would recommend it.	
Aug 6 2007 	Hotel was a little disappointing	I booked this hotel based upon the reviews on this site. I have travelled to NYC before, but years ago and this time was special with my husband and step-son (10 yo). It was their first time. The location is great...right off Broadway near Times Square. The hotel was smaller than I thought. The reception was great, however, the room they assigned us (1202, I think) was very musty and had black mold-like stuff on popcorn ceiling in bathroom. We immediately requested another room and was offered one for the next night. (Plus, they gave us breakfast vouchers for the inconvenience.) The new room (1701) was better, although I wouldn't consider it above a B- in quality. I think the hotel rooms generally need a make-over. They show several years of wear and tear. The common areas appear to be newer than the rooms.Despite the rooms, I must say that the staff were extremely pleasant and friendly during the whole stay. We enjoyed it in the city and would stay again...but probably at another hotel to try something different.	
Aug 2 2007 	Loved this hotel	Family stayed here for long four day weekend and loved it! Great location, nice, big rooms and great staff. No question we would stay here again.	
Jul 31 2007 	Pretty Good Place - A Hidden Gem	I travel to New York City quite frequently, so I have had a chance to stay in a few different hotels. I always look by price first, then I come to this website to read the reviews &amp; view the pictures. I stumbled upon this place quite by accident - and I must say, I was extremely pleased by reading the reviews to find a great, well known hotel at a fair price, close to the theatre district, Penn Station, shopping, &amp; Times Square. I paid $199 a night for a king bed (which is considerably nice compared to the other prices I came across for the area). Upon arrival, I was greeted by a very courteous front desk who asked me if I preferred two doubles (I signed up for the king because that was all that was avaiable online - so being offered the doubles was quite nice!). The lobby was small but nicely decorated. Complimentary coffee &amp; tea all day long, but it wasn't from carafes sitting there all day - they had a lovely machine that dispensed the tea &amp; coffee fresh. Nice, well stocked mini store was available, too &amp; not too expensive for New York. Good security arriving back at night - they asked to see the room key &amp; did so politely. Rooms were very good sized - lots of room. Beds were amazingly soft &amp; stocked with abt 6 pillows each. Linens were fresh &amp; clean &amp; soft. All things I love because I am a very uneasy hotel person - I cringe at the slightest bit of poor housekeeping, but in the bedroom area, I was quite comfortable. Great job there. Now, keep in mind that I am extremely squeamish when it comes to hotel bathrooms &amp; I kept this for last - I have to have a bathroom that feels practically new &amp; this wasn't the case. It was clean - don't get me wrong, but I'm just used to bathrooms that I've stayed in other hotels in NEw York &amp; they have been completely done in glossy tiles to have that &quot;fresh &amp; new&quot; feel. To me, I feel having these tiles gives me a cleaner feeling than wallpaper &amp; while the wallpaper in the bathroom was for the most part clean, I would have preferred it done in tile - floor to wall, to feel comfortable. Plus, the sink top had chips in it &amp; that was a little unappealing to me, too. Also, the ceiling above the tub looked to have what I thought was mold on the white ceiling (I tried not to think abt it as I showered) - &amp; this grayish patches on the white wasn't just a little, it was quite a bit in my opinion. There was also a mini frig under the sink in the bathroom which is nice to have, but my water would be frozen solid in the morning &amp; I couldn't find any way to turn it down - plus a little unappealing having the fridge down under the sink by the toilet. The floor had like paver colored tiles that were quite dated &amp; the grout didn't have that new feeling. Also, when drying our hair in the morning, we blew a fuse &amp; half the room lost power. Called the front desk twice to have fixed - very nice man quickly got on it the second time &amp; followed up with a call to make sure it was on. If they update these bathrooms, this hotel no doubt will be higher on the list of hotels than #8 - it truly is a nice, friendly, affodable, convenient hotel. I will go back.	
Jul 24 2007 	Couldn't have been better!	I have stayed in several hotels in NYC and this was the best for the best price. The room was large for NYC standards and the pillow-top mattresses were perfect after long days on our feet. Location was awesome...next to all of the attractions but still in a place where sleep was not disturbed by noise. The biggest plus though was the staff who were always extremely courteous and helpful. After we left we realized that our cellphone was left on the bed. We called and someone was sent to the room while we were still on the phone. The phone couldn't be located and we were disappointed but an hour later the manager called and said he had sent someone to look in the laundry and there it was!! We will definately stay here again!	
Jul 22 2007 	Pleased once again!	This was my third stay at this hotel. Everyone that works at this Marriott is extremely helpful and friendly. They go out of their way to offer assistance. My son (11 yrs old) and I were visiting NYC for a fun 3 day vacation together. Chris helped us navigate the subway and get to our Yankee Boat and Merrit helped us hail two cabs. The room that we had was just fabulous-quiet, clean and the beds were super comfortable. We were also able to use the computer in the lobby to check our email. We will be back!	
Jul 6 2007	Sound asleep in New York!	Stayed for 5 nights, beds very comfortable, and one of the quietest hotel rooms we ever stayed in. Spotlessly clean. Great location near Times Square but a couple of blocks down so just out of the hustle and bustle. The staff were all very pleasant and helpful. Would definitely recommend this hotel. If you can get a rate which includes breakfast all the better - unfortunately we couldn't.	
Jun 30 2007 	Not one complaint!	We chose this hotel based on price. Comparable hotels were almost double in price, and I can't imagine that I would have been any more pleased at any of them. I do not have one single complaint about Courtyard Times Square. From the time we checked in, until we checked out, from the bell staff to the maintenance workers, we did not pass by one employee that did not acknowledge us with a smile and a &quot;hello, good morning,&quot; etc. Our standard room was exceptionally clean and spacious enough for us and our 7 year old. The shower had the extra large &quot;raindrop&quot; head, as well as a handheld head. The buffet breakfast was included in our rate, with something for any type of diet or taste. Again, even the omelette chef was happy and friendly. The location was perfect. Centrally located, an easy walk to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Neil Simon Theatre, and more. I have never been more pleased with a hotel experience based solely on rooms, location, and staff. The staff is what really made the experience exceptional!	
Jun 29 2007	Loved it!	I drained our Marriott Reward acct for a 4 night stay in December 2006 when hotels are reeeeaaaaalllllllllllly pricey in NYC. (I made the reservations 6 months in advance.) The room was not ready til about 4PM (I arrived at 8AM on the red eye). But it was worth the wait--- a spotless, comfortable room with a big cushy bed and a dead-on view of the Empire State Building which was all lighted up in red and green. There was soft Christmas music playing when I walked in!Free internet. Fast elevator. Fantastic location. I was in heaven andit was free (the rooms were going for $500 a night that week!)	
Jun 28 2007 	Excellent location excellent hotel	This hotel was oversold my first night. I arrived around midnight to find that they didn't have a room for me. They gave me $20 for cab fare and sent me to the Courtyard at 53rd and 3rd for the night. That hotel gave me a room, no questions asked, without even asking for my credit card. (An aside: that Courtyard was very nice; if I need to be on that side of town, I'll definitely consider that hotel.)I returned to the Courtyard Times Square South the following day and got a room. They apologized again, and gave me a voucher for free breakfast the next day, as well as some bonus Marriott points for the inconvenience. My room was large, with a LCD TV, comfortable bed, excellent linens, and free internet. The room (and entire hotel) looked completely refurbished, and the hotel is spotless. I was in the back corner of the hotel, so I didn't have much of a view, but it was very quiet - I never heard noise from the street.The location is excellent - between 6th and Broadway on 40th Street. Bryant Park is half a block away, and Times Square and Rockefeller Center are close by.I got one of the best night's sleep I've had on the road the first night I stayed in this hotel. I'll be back.	
Jun 27 2007 	Great hotel next to wonderful Bryant Park	I moved here for one day from the Amsterdam Court hotel on W.50th St. Yuck!This place was an oasis compared to that tiny, pig with lipstick on. The only fault was the bell boy was dealing with someone else so I struggled with my five large bags on my own. But after that everything was perfect.The hotel lobby is fairly spacious with enough staff to cope with storing bags, taxi requests, check-in/out etc. The rooms are well appointed with room to unpack and a desk with free internet and a flat panel TV. The bathroom had a nice wide showerhead and was clean. Everything was great about the room. Courtyard location is great - right next to Bryant Park which has a nice restaurant and a cafe plus free films in the summer. Overall, great stay for $220/night incl taxes.	
Jun 26 2007 	Can't go Wrong	Husband and I went to NYC for our one year anniversary. We've always had a great experience with Marriott (wedding reception and honeymoon as well as other travel and business meetings). This place was perfect for our trip. It is an easy 5 minute walk from the Port Authority (bus station) on 8 Avenue/42nd Street. It is 3-5 blocks from the main attractions in Times Square. We saw The Lion King just 5 blocks from the hotel. A nice walk to 5th Avenue shopping and fashion district. Walked to Rockefellar Center. A $12 cab ride to WTC/Ground Zero. From WTC, we walked to Chinatown/Little Italy/Canal Street. And then an $10 cab ride from Canal back to the hotel. The hotel staff were all friendly and courteous. Everyone greeted us warmly. They even let us check in at 10:30am instead of making us wait until regular check-in at 3pm. The room was nice. Linens were new, clean, fresh. The view wasn't great (buildings all around) but we really didn't come to NYC to look out our window. They stored our luggage the next day while we went around town before catching a late afternoon bus home. Absolutely no complaints about this place. Will definitely stay here again next time we head to NYC.	
Jun 21 2007 	Good Location Good service	Nice stuff. Great location. a little $$$ though.Will stay again.	
Jun 19 2007	Great Location	This hotel is in a great location - walking distance to Times Square, excellent shopping, ESB, Top of the Rock, good restaurants. It is also close to the subway station which is a huge bonus.Staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean. The decor was fine - nothing fancy, but just fine.Bryant Park it just half a block away. We would grab breakfast from the Pax deli on the corner (good, and very reasonably priced) and sit in the park to eat, drink coffee and people watch. This is not a luxury hotel (it is a Courtyard after all) but for this category/type of hotel I would highly recommend staying here. We will stay again on future trips.	
Jun 16 2007 	Perfect location!!	We stayed at this hotel for a weekend (June 1-3), with my husband and 7-yr-old daughter. It was a great stay! We took advantage of the complementary breakfast (offered with our Amex rewards points that we used to book the hotel), walked easily to all the surrounding sites (Times Square, Empire State Building -- we could see it from our windows, just as I had requested!), and the staff were prompt and courteous.Definitely recommend this!	
Jun 14 2007 	A Gem in New York City	Stayed at the Courtyard unexpectedly for 1 night, May 24th 2007, when we missed our connecting Delta flight to Rome. We have stayed at many other Manhattan properties, but for the money, this was truly the BEST!!!. Efficient and friendly check in, exceptional rate ($199.00 in NYC at Times Square), clean modern and comfortable rooms. They even allowed a late check out until 2PM so we did not have to hang around the airport more than necessary. Since our bags did not arrive with us, they even gave us a small pack of laundry soap to wash out our essentials. A big thanks to Marriott for helping smooth out the bumps in our trip. We will be back.	
Jun 8 2007 	Great Stay	We stayed there last weekend and it was great. Comfortable room, friendly staff, the coffee and fruit in the lobby was a nice touch.Good location, subway station on the corner, drug store next door for those things you've forgotten, two blocks from Times Square.There's also a park on the corner of 6th Ave so a nice place to have a coffee or sit down for a while.There's an excellent deli on the cnr of Broadway and 41st called Dukes - serves everything from sandwiches and bagels to Asian soups to Sushi and good salads - that's a very convenient place for a breakfast or a quick lunch.Overall an excellent stay - not cheap, about $300/night with taxes but it is a Marriott in Manhattan so that's to be expected.	
Jun 4 2007 	Great Stay	We stayed here for 2 nights before Thanksgiving last year, and were very pleased. Great location, rooms were very clean, staff was helpful. Recommended.	
May 9 2007 	Solid hotel for business trip!	I went to NYC for a conference that was held at the Marriott Marquis. Rooms weren't available there so I looked for something close. This was a 5 minute walk from the Marquis. I was impressed with this hotel, and I'm not one to be easily impressed. Reasons include:It was efficient. The service was great.Internet was free. Bed was comfy with lots of pillows.Flat screen tv with enough channels.Shower was great.Quiet.Only thing I didn't get was a view. (But this is nyc... what can you expect.)If my trip was personal, I wouldn't stay near Times Sq, but it was close to Penn Station, and close to the conference. Great hotel to choose.	
May 1 2007 	Very Nice	We stayed at this property for three nights in early April. The location was excellent, near Times Square but far enough off of Times Square to avoid the noise, lights, and bustle while trying to sleep. Subway stations are very close, making it easy to visit areas outside of walking distance.We did not use the breakfast room, though it looked and smelled very nice. We opted instead for bagels in Bryant Park, which is very near. Service at the hotel was excellent. We arrived near midnight on a Sunday night without our luggage, thanks to a cancelled flight, and the staff was very accommodating. They had a nice supply of free emergency toiletries available that they were quick to dispense. When we checked out, the bellman was prompt to assist us with our bags.The room was clean and roomy and the bed was very comfortable. I would highly recommend this property.	
Apr 24 2007 	Amazing Hotel in a perfect location	Stayed at this hotel my second trip to NYC. Both times I stayed in Times Square but this hotel was top notch! From a spacious room (the first trip well lets just say space was at a premium!) to attentive staff, this hotel had it all. It was located near Bryant Park and the theater I was going to. We spent most of the trip walking or taking taxi's and found this hotel to be the perfect accompaniment to our trip. I would totally recommend this hotel in NYC.	
Apr 19 2007 	Great hotel great location near Times Square	This hotel was very nice. The room was spacious for New York.We had 2 very nice comfortable double beds, a nice bathroomand a great view of the Empire State Building right out our window. We found the hotel staff to be very helpful. In fact,I was sick and they sent me to the hotel doctor which was an expensive, but okay experience. I appreciated the way thehotel called the doctor right away when we got to our room. The location is just a few long blocks from Times Square whichis just what we wanted. The area seemed pretty safe. I would stay here again despite one problem we had. Our first nightwe arrived late and the hotel said they were full, but not to worrythey were placing us at another hotel in the area for free and that when we returned in the am our room would be ready. Problem was that the place they sent us to was a gloomy hotelwith the smallest room I had ever seen. It made our first nighthorrible. We did go to the Marriott the next day and as promised our room was ready and we were so happy to see that it was a nice room with a nice view. We told the staff we disliked the hotel they sent us to and they were very apologetic. All in all our stay was fine and we enjoyed NYC very much.	
Apr 16 2007 	2nd stay here just as good as the 1st...	It was our 2nd stay at this property.The location is perfect, just between Bryant Park and Broadway. For those visitors heading in the summer months, grab a bagel and go sit in Bryant Park at lunch time, its lovely!Asked for an early check in - got it!Asked for adjoining rooms with our friends - got it!Asked for view of Empire State - got it!Lobby staff very polite and friendly.Room spotlessly clean, shower excellent. Bathroom slightly dated but I would guess that a refit is on the cards.Bed and linen gorgeous, so comfy you wont want to leave!Plasma TV with lots of channels if you wish to stay in.Breakfast room clean, staff efficient and the biggest breakfast to suit all tastes. The chef made my friend scrambled egg instead of an omelette by mistake - so was given his breakfast free even though he would have taken the scrambled!Free tea / coffee in the lobby, all lifts working (v. important in NY!)and plenty of smiles from all staff.I cannot fault this property at all, the service has remained consistantly good throughout!	
Apr 15 2007 	Would recommend!!	Our trip to NYC was a family vacation, for sightseeing &amp; shopping. Considerations for booking a hotel revolved around price, proximity to various attractions, as well as the reputation of the hotel, based on name &amp; user reviews. We decided on the Cortyard by Marriott Times Square South, &amp; we weren't disappointed. We made several special requests, &amp; the staff at the hotel did their best to please. When we arrived ahead of the 3:00PM check-in, our room was not yet ready, but we were allowed to check our bags &amp; have our car parkined, in order not to lose any &quot;tourist time&quot;. We also requested a view of the Empire State building, a thrill for our 11 year-old, a huge fan of King Kong. All of the hotel employees, from the front desk workers to the valet staff, went out of their way to assist us, whether it was with restaurant suggestions or tips on how the navigate the city. The excellence &amp; professionalism of the staff went a long way toward making our first trip to NYC a success. Would definately recommend this hotel...	
Apr 12 2007 	Superb Hotel	Stayed for 4 nights April 8-12th. Great staff - room was immaculate and more importantly, the bathroom was very clean. Price was extremely reasonable for a hotel 2 blocks from 42nd/Broadway (Times Square) ! Plasma TV was a nice plus. Although no inhouse room-service, there are LOTS of restaurants close by that are open late and will deliver right up to your room. Highly recommended.	
Apr 12 2007 	A little gem!!	Well this was my first trip to New York so i wasn't sure what to expect, but this hotel was a lot better then I thought it would be. For starters we asked for a high room with a view of the Empire state building and that's exactly what we got. The room was a good size with 2 double beds which were extremely comfortable and the bed linen was so soft (comment from my wife!). The bathroom had a great power shower and was good enough without being amazing. There was also a tv, an ipod player and a free safe and fridge. It's always good to have a safe!!As far as location goes, you would be hard pushed to beat it. It's just 2mins from Times Square and the theatres on Broadway ,and about 10mins walk from the Empire State Building, Macys and 5th Ave shops.Central Park is a little further away at about a 30min walk but you can catch a cab for about $10 so its not that far.All in all the hotel was really nice and much better then the website portrays, and the staff were very nice.Oh and just another bonus is that it has a free coffee and tea machine which is just great. A real little gem!!	
Apr 7 2007 	Terrific stay with small children!	Stayed at the Courtyard from April 1 - 3 based largely on TripAdvisor reviews. My wife and I and our two boys ages 7 &amp; 5, had a room with two double beds on the 24th floor, paying a rate of $199. True, there was no view and the room was standard size, but we were hardly in the room much, seeing as how we took the boys on a whirlwind tour of Manhattan. I'm not sure what the previous person who posted a review and gave the place a rating of &quot;2&quot; was expecting, but he's dead wrong about the staff. The front desk staff were extremely friendly and the concierge's/bellmen were excellent. When we were leaving one of them went on foot up to Broadway to hail a cab for us. How nice! They also provided very good restaurant recommendations that were close by.I'd stay here again. The location is very good, the rooms are clean, the beds are great, and the place is very quiet! I believe it has a boutique feel, though it's not trendy or flashy.	
Mar 30 2007	A Conundrum	The hotel is very basic and simple with not a lot to say. Pros: The room was quiet and comfortable. Beds are great!Cons: The room we had on the 18th floor had absolutely no view and the hotel has no personality...none.I've read a lot of great things about this hotel and it only makes me think how bad some other places must be, because this place has average written all over it.	
Mar 27 2007 	perfect stay	We stayed in the courtyard earlier this month. As regular visitors to NY we have stayed in many hotels. This hotel exceed my expectations. The staff were genuinely friendly and gave a very warm welcome. The location of the hotel was perfect. Times Square was only a block away . The room itself was very spacious and spotlessly clean. Terrific Value. The Courtyard will now be my hotel of choice on my next visit to the city.	
Mar 15 2007 	Perfection!!	We were in town for a quick overnight. The hotel was more luxurious that I could have imagined for the price. We took advantage of our AAA discount and booked the night for $159. This was a Friday night - The first night of Fashion Week. Unbelievable. The staff was overly friendly, the room was spacious, clean, bright, and quiet. The bed was perhaps the most comfortable bed I have ever spent the night in. And so many pillows! I would give this property 2 thumbs up and will continue to stay there in visits to come!	
Feb 26 2007 	fantastic hotel	Chose this hotel based mainly on tripadvisor reviews and price, we were not disappointed it was absolutely fantastic.I have stayed at way more expensive hotels including the Sofitel but this is the one i will return to again.Close to everything, it has the comfiest best bed EVER, free tea and coffee both in the lobby and the room, pleasant friendly staff,good views from our high floor room, good size clean room.Oh and a great bar and restaurant right next door ..Perfect!Dont stay anywhere else.	
Feb 19 2007 	Good Midtown Value	We stayed at the Courtyard for the weekend and were pleased with our room. While it was a bit on the small side the bed comfort was outstanding, the location very good and the price very reasonable by NYC standards. I would recommend to anyone looking to focus on the theater district and looking for a mid-town address.	
Feb 12 2007 	Perfect Courtyard Stay	We moved to this hotel from the Novotel. I love the Courtyard brand and should've booked there to begin with.Very clean. Very comfortable.	
Jan 29 2007	Affordable comfortable mid-town hotel	Just returned from an overnight girls' overnight to NYC. We stayed one night (Saturday) at the Courtyard New York Manhattan/Times Square South. The good:* Location is fantastic - 39th near Broadway -- and is just one block south of all of the Times Square action.* Very quick, no-hassle check in and out.* The beds are out of this world comfortable. I didn't want to leave.* Rainshower and new/clean bathroom fixtures.* Over look and comfort -- new, bright, clean and fresh were adjectives we used to describe the room.The okay (nothing was bad):* The price wasn't bad, especially because we needed to sleep 3 adults (I found cheaper deals on higher level area hotels, but only offering 1 bed). * The view -- really, there isn't one at all, but I wasn't expecting much.* Room size isn't very big, but again, we didn't expect very specious accommodations for NYC.I recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to do tourist activities in the Times Square/Theatre District.	
Jan 21 2007 	GREAT HOTEL!!!	This hotel was near everything. Room was very quiet. The view wasn't the best but it was fun to watch people working in the building next to us while we were on vacation.The room was a good size for new york. The bed and the pillows were excellent. I haven't been able to find those pillows since we returned - wish i could. The bathroom was big enough for 1. Would have been nice if it was bigger but i wasn't in new york to stay in the bathroom.The staff at the hotel were great. They always tried to make sure you were satisfied. We got there early and they had our room ready. They held our luggage on our last day so we could see more of the city before our flight. The best - they all deserve raises!!!There is a great restaurant right across the street that has excellent food - &quot;giggles&quot;. After 7pm the place turns into a mini night club with spanish music. It was a blast - we went almost every night. The front desk will refer you to jake's or dave's (can't remember) down the street - very, very expensive if you go. Giggles is more affordable and we enjoyed there food better.For the price this hotel made new york more affordable and the stay was a blast.	
Jan 18 2007 	Affordable Luxury	I stayed two nights at this hotel with my fiancé recently. Our stay was flawless and extremely comfortable. Highlights included free in room high-speed internet access (bring your laptop), pillows and towels in abundance, a large (by NY standards) room, quick elevators and an express checkout service.I would absolutely recommend this hotel, which, while not the cheapest, was a bargain for what we got, the time of year and the location (2 blocks from Times Square and most of the main subway lines).The hotels online reservation system was also excellent, with a reminder email, the option to request specific items and services prior to check-in, and a survey for guests to fill in after check-out.The hotel also has a 24 hour mini supermarket in the lobby with snack items (i.e. chips, cookies, drinks etc.) and free coffee and tea is available for guests in the lobby near the elevators.We did not have a chance to try the hotel restaurant.	
Jan 18 2007	Don't stay anywhere else.	What a great Hotel this is. Very friendly staff, ideal location, good price and loads of free coffee. This was my second stay in New York, and I would strongly recommend this Hotel.	
Jan 4 2007 	Great Location	Wonderful location, great stay. This hotel is on 40th between 6th and 7th Ave. We took the train into Penn Station so we only had 6 blocks to walk to the hotel. Bryant Park (with ice skating in winter) is on the corner. From here we walked to Rockefeller Center and the Broadway Shows we attended.The beds were very comfortable, the concierge helpful and the rooms were clean. The elevator was slow -- but that seems to be the norm in NYC.We recommend this hotel.	
Jan 4 2007 	New Year in New York!	We went out to New York to see in the new year in Times Square, it's a once in a lifetime experience we wanted to do as we both love New York. The hotel was great, only two blocks from Times Square so perfect location for us. It is also in a fantastic location for all the sights and shopping, being very central. There is a subway station at the end of the street but nothing is too far if you don't mind a walk, that way you also get to see the city. There are lots of restaurants and diners in the area for all budgets and tastes.The room was a good size, clean, nice big comfy bed with lots of big squishy pillows, a nice flat screen TV with loads of channels, large bathroom with a great shower, even the complimentary soap was nice. We were however, put in a disabled room, which may have been all they had as it was a very busy period. Unfortunately, there was no view from the room we were facing other buildings and on a low floor.The staff were very helpful, reminding us to get out passes so we could get back into the hotel on New Year's eve, and also telling us when we should get down there to get a good view, which we did. They arranged a car back to the airport for us, which was at a very early hour of the morning. There is someone on receiption 24hrs so they gave us a reminder call 10 mins before our pick up and we could check out at 4am! There is free coffee in the lobby and they have juicy apples in reception in the mornings.The reason I booked this hotel was on the recommendation of other trip advisor members. Thanks everyone, great choice!	
Dec 31 2006 	Basic hotel - concierge useless	We came here for 4 nights including new years. The hotel was clean, nice rooms although sort of small, but ok for manhattan. The location is a 4 min walk from Time Square and the theaters and only about $10 cab ride to Canal street. No issues with the hotel itself EXCEPT the concierge services. If you are going to stay here, make sure you don't need concierge help. They were really dissapointing. We asked them to make New Years eve reservations and then went out for the day. When we came back to the hotel we found out that the concierge didn't make the reservation and as a result we didn't have a reservation for New Years. Then thier internet went down and for 1.5 days they couldn't do anything for us. This told me that as a concierge service they didn't really have any contacts, just the www same as me. They really screwed up our new years eve plans.	
Dec 27 2006	Tripadvisor gets it right	I stayed at this hotel 12/25 to 12/27 and found it to bea very nice hotel which was quite luxorious for theprice. Staff were excellent in every respect. The roomwas very clean and well lit with bedding that cancompete with the best hotels. Very quiet with excellentsound proofing. Location is perfect for subway travelto all parts of the city. I had to go to Soho and did soin less than a half hour including the one blockwalk to catch the number one subway to Franklin. Sameease of travel for going to the upper east sidearround Madison. My only complaint is the $45 forvalet parking, but they got my car for me in twentyminutes when I had to leave. Very easy to get to fromthe Lincoln Tunnel, just go straight up 40th street four blocks and you are there.	
Dec 23 2006 	Excellent! Great location and good service from hotel staff...	Stayed for a weekend to see the sites in in Manhattan. It's a great location that's central to Broadway, RCMH, Rockefeller Plaza, Central Park (via the train), Grand Central Station, etc. It is very close to Bryant Park where there is an open market (may be for Christmas only?) and ice skating. The only problem we had was pressure in the pipes woke us up several times throughout the first night with a rather loud humming noise. I mentioned it to the front desk and we were compensated with a complimentary breakfast. Maintenance must have worked on the problem as the noise was not as noticeable the second night. The beds are very comfortable and the room has a flat screen TV. No noise could be heard from the busy city outside.Hotel was nicely decorated for Christmas and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Bell Captain will store luggage on day of departure and will call you a cab to the airport. We will be staying here again in the future.	
Nov 15 2006 	Loved it!	HI everybody!I stayed at the Courtyard in September 2006. It was my first time in NY and i was also travelling alone for the first time and was a little bit worried, because this was only hotel with ratings starting with 2 &quot;stars&quot;-so one of the better ones(which was important to me especially because i´m afraid of cock roaches &amp; bed bugs, but there wasnt anything-and the bed was the most comfortable one i have ever slept in).. the price is quite high thats true, so i didn´t stay there the hole time, but when i was there it was perfect. i asked for a room with a view and which is on the higher floors and i had no problem at all (both times). if you are wondering if the pictures made by other peolpe are &quot;true&quot;-as far as i can tell they are. it was clean, quite big and everybody was really nice to me and helpful. one guy from the staff showed me some places where to go nearby(to get food, ...) and they really tried to help as much as possible.the location is great. it is just 2 blocks from times square(about 5 minutes to walk-there is Duane Reed open 24/7, most stores are open until 11p.m. or 12 p.m.) and about 10 minutes to get to macys, victorias sectrets, Mc donalds, burger king,...the only thing i recommend is: try to get a floor on the higher levels. the first time i was on the last floor(33rd) and i didn´t hear anything from the street, but the other time i was on the 25th floor and there was some noise, but not that bad-although i have a light sleep i didn´t bother me.if you are travelling (as a woman) alone, don´t worry. i wasnt afraid at all. especially in the area of times square are so many cops that you should feel save.this hotel is really nearby everything and in the heart of manhattan. i´m normally on a budget too, but if you add things like subway, cab, not safe areas, ... up, it´s definately easier and more comfortable here	
Nov 8 2006 	Nothing wrong but also nothing special	There were a lot of good things about this hotel, great location on a quiet side street but still near Times Square and subway stations, really a WONDERFUL bed, friendly staff, clean, etc. But is was also nothing special. The furnishings, artwork, facilities, etc. were uninspired. I would really suggest the Affinia 50 for roughly the same price you want a truly elegant and unique hotel in New York.	
Oct 28 2006 	Good Mid Manhattan hotel choice	Value and location makes this Marriott Courtyard property a great choice for theater and sightseeing visits to Manhattan. I stayed here five days while attending a business meeting nearby. After price shopping on line, I found this matched my needs and location. Easy walk to the Browadway theaters, so no cab rides required! Friendly reception staff were helpful with directions and suggestions. Room was perfectly clean, great bed, adequate bathroom. Housekeeping tends to arrive late afternoon, but did a fine job. Flat screen TV is nice but remote control did not work well. There are good casual dining options within the block, including a great bar and grill directly across the street. The &quot;Times Square&quot; name is slightly misleading, since it's a three block walk to actual Times Square--not a problem, but don't expect to see the neon glow from your room. My room view was a brick wall. There is another Courtyard a few blocks farther from Times Square, so check exact address.	
Oct 21 2006 	Not bad but nothing special	Stayed here for 3 nights last week.Location is good, 5 minutes from from Times square but tucked away from the street and so very quiet inside. Bar area but I never saw it open.Rooms are fairly large for NY and as mentioned, beds are very comfortable. LCD TV a nice touch but otherwise basic with no mini bar. Bathroom basic but clean. When we arrived the flush was broken (can't beleive the cleaner wasn't aware of this!) but after some badgering at the front desk it was fixed within 30 minutes....good but the room shouldn't have been let in that condition.Staff were freindly and helpful though no doorman made getting a taxi on the (relatively) quiet street a bit of a chore. Of course, you could walk 2 minutes to 6th Ave but a bit of a pain when you have luggage to haul.Overall, a clean, well located hotel but very average and without the &quot;wow &quot; factor, hence my rating. I have stayed in the Sofitel and the Sheraton New York both of which were much better standard and suprisingly a similar price (not sure if Marriot have hiked their prices based on top rating on this site?) If your a tourist and it's your first time in NY, you could do a LOT worse than stay here but if you're looking for something a bit more &quot;special&quot; then I would suggest trying elsewhere	
Oct 19 2006 	Friendly hotel in good location	We recently stayed 3 nights at the Courtyard Marriott Times Square South. We arrived slightly ahead of check-in but it was no problem for the staff. They were always helpful with a smile on their faces. We even received a late checkout (2pm!) when we asked. The bed was super comfortable and the room and bathroom were very clean. The street itself was quiet for being so close to Times Square. The subway was just on the corner and Bryant Park was also nearby as a welcome patch of green in the city. Ate breakfast at the cafe nearby - Harrie's Bakery. All in all, good standard and friendly staff. However, not unique or exciting. Value not great, but about average price for New York weekends!	
Oct 15 2006 	Great hotel	This was one of the best hotels i satyed at. the rooms were clean, they were a little small but you would would expect that in New York. we stayed there for 4 days. The location in this hotel was fantastic two blocks from times square right in the middle of the city . we stayed on the 10th floor and it was quite on this floor . I highly recomend this hotel	
Oct 13 2006 	I really liked it!!	what i liked about this hotel- free internet/print: this comes in very handy when you try to look for travel info, and to send urgent emails- very kind staff and concierge: very helpful concierge when booking ferry tour and getting info about musicals, good maps, etc.- good location: very conveniently, midtown located- subway station is close, broadway, museums are within easy access- free coffee and hot tea all day: yes, this is tiny little bonus. but when i hopped to another hotel for cost saving, i awfully missed my free morning coffee at courtyard!i got a good rate from the hotel site (NOT the marriott site, but courtyard manhattan timesquare south) at 199 per night. for some weekdays/weekends they offer reasonable rates. check it out.	
Oct 12 2006	Great hotel experience	A friend and I stayed at this hotel October 6 - 9. This was our first trip to New York and I was pleasantly suprised by this hotel. We arrived around 1:30 and were able to check in early. We were in room #2702 that had a view of the Empire Sate Building.The beds are truly decadent - they make you feel like you are floating. The concierge was very helpful with restaurant suggestions and directions. The coffee/tea station in the lobby was a great plus (I suggest they add a couple flavored teas and creamers as options).Other positievs include: close to Bryant Park, Times Square, Fashion District and subway stops.There were a few negatives - The countertop in the bathroom had been stained and looked like it needs to be replaced, there is no ventilation in the bathroom, so it smelled a bit of mildew, andcloset door would stick form time to time.Even given the minor negatives, I had a very good experience and would recommend this hotel strongly.	
Oct 11 2006 	Great Stay	Stayed for 2 nights and had nothing but a positive experience. Although we didn't get exactly the room we wanted everything else was great. The room was clean and the beds were very comfortable. We had a good view of the Empire State building.The best part was the staff who were very friendly and approachable. This was our first time in NY and New Yorkers don't always have the best reputation for being polite. But we got nothing but friendly service from everyone we dealt with at the hotel. Breakfast was good and served fast which was appreciated when you're trying to see NY in 2 days! We will be back.	
Oct 10 2006 	Stop Looking - Book A Room Here	This is an easy review to write and it really ought to be titled Very nice hotel in an excellent location with a friendly and helpful staff. Our room was clean and fairly large. The bed was very comfortable, our room was quiet, and the blackout curtains helped us sleep until mid-morning. I would also strongly recommend ordering the chocolate chip cookies from room service; they are very tasty and our order included a couple fudge brownies and several strawberries (yum). I also dont know if this hotel could be in a better location. If you walk one-half block to the west, youre treated to a great view of Times Square. If you walk one-half block to the east, youll find yourself in picturesque Bryant Park. We were out well past midnight every night, but we never felt unsafe. If you havent been to NYC recently, you should schedule a trip and book room at the Courtyard-Times Square South.	
Oct 4 2006 	Would stay here again in a NY minute!	My husband, 13 year old son and I stayed at the Courtyard Times Square South for four nights, Sept. 28 - Oct. 2. We checked in Thursday around 6:30 p.m. and it could not have gone more smoothly. Everyone at the front desk was extremely friendly and welcoming. We were fortunate enough to get a room with an awesome view of the Empire State Building (room 3101). The room was a standard size for this type hotel (we'd expected much smaller in NYC). The beds were super comfortable, flat panel t.v. was great, plenty of room for the souvenirs we kept accumulating each day. The bathroom was clean, needed minor painting over shower area and would have liked a bathroom fan, but those are only complaints. The location is fabulous - you can walk to Times Square - but it's just far enough away to keep the noise and lights from disturbing your sleep. Bryant Park is a half block away, as is the subway station. We picked up breakfast at Pax Wholesome Foods (good selection of bagels, quick breakfast sandwiches, fruit, yogurt, etc.) and took it to the park to eat each morning. Free internet and delicious 24/7 coffee in hotel lobby are a big plus. Concierge helped answer our many questions, front desk always greeted us with a smile and &quot;Hello&quot; every time we were in the lobby. Rooms thoroughly cleaned each day. We would definitely recommend this hotel and will stay here again when we get back to NYC!	
Oct 3 2006 	Good hotel in central Manhattan	I think the reviews are mostly about right. This is a conveniently-located hotel, within a stone's throw of Bryant Park. The staff are helpful and courteous, and the rooms while not particularly spacious are for the most part clean and pleasant.Downsides? Well, the room I was in faced a neighbouring building and got almost no light even on sunny days, so I had to have the lights on all the time. You don't want to stay in the room much -- but then, if you're in Manhattan, you probably shouldn't be in the room at all.And although the staff were mostly pleasant, I did have some trouble with the bellman on one occasion when he made a big deal out of storing my suitcase for a day. He agreed to store it saying that I was a special case. Well, I didn't like that because either it was permissible or it wasn't, and if it wasn't I could have made alternative arrangements. I'm not sure what he was trying to say to me, but I just felt it was inappropriate.Besides that, the staff were uniformly anxious to please. I was especially impressed by Joseph and the other staff in the cafe-restaurant downstairs at breakfast. And the concierge, Bridget, was very helpful when I phoned her from Chicago to ask her to arrange for a car to meet me at La Guardia airport.The Marriott charges quite a lot for this hotel. I paid between $300 and $400 depending on the night I stayed. I think, frankly, that was too much given the standard of the hotel overall, and although the place is very well managed and well run, I will try and find somewhere that at least gives better value for money next time. The Affinia Dumont charges around the same amount and gives you a much nicer room for your money.	
Sep 30 2006 	The reviews are spot on!	Although diffificult to book this hotel (only seemed to be able to thought Marriot.com) it lived up to all the best reviews on TA.Check in staff were friendly. We booked a King/King room and requested a high floor. We were lucky and ended up on the 29th floor with a view of (half) the Empire State building. The most comfortable bed I've ever experienced, anywhere. The room was incredibly quiet and a nice size. In the same way as other reviewers I did find the bathroom a bit odd. No extractor meant that you was to leave the bin there so the mirror would clear to dry your hair. Not really a problem but quite unusual! Lifts were also a little annoying as they quite often took a while to come but these points are incredibly minor in relation to the all the good points. Which are:- friendly staff- very clean- good sized room- free coffee and tea in the lobby- FANTASTIC location- the BEST beds in the world EVER- good price - 5 night stay with the weekend averaged at $220 a nightHighly recomended!	
Sep 24 2006 	Affordable Convenience	This was the best Coutrtyard by Marriott in which I have ever stayed. In fact, I was lucky to even get a room during the week of the UN session - and I had a reasonable price (roughly half that of my colleagues). The bell staff was extremely helpful, the concierge fantastic and the room amenities were superior to many other NYC hotels in which I have stayed. It was everything you expect from Courtyard with additional convenience (Time Square station on the corner) and world class service all in the heart of Manhattan.	
Sep 11 2006	Exceptional experience!	My mother and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in August. From the great coffee in the lobby to the incredibly comfortable beds, our visit could not have been more welcoming. We will definitely stay here again!	
Sep 11 2006	Budget type Hotel in NYC	Just returned (9/7-9/10) from a stay at this hotel. Although the rate was good, we were not impressed with this hotel. Room was not as clean as we would have liked (hair in bathroom, glasses in room were not clean, etc). This hotel is in major need of a renovation and it's location is just 'okay'. Everything in hotel (except front desk) looks/feels old and a bit rundown. Although it is close to a lot of things, you must walk a few blocks to most anything. While staff was friendly, we found there to be no doorman to hail cabs (one night we tried to get a cab for 45 minutes), no roomservice, no bar, etc. Hotel Cleaning also knocked on the door continually (sometimes 3 or more times a day), so if you want to sleep or not be interrupted in your room, you must put the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on your door (couldn't there be a better system, i.e. the computer to assess check in/check out of guests . They even knocked on our door a few hours after we checked in and a few hours before check out time, which was annoying and woke us up both times). If you have no problem with a 'Motel 6' type of room and amenities, then you would be fine to book a room here. Otherwise, there are many hotels in NYC that are comparable in price, but have much better amenities and service. We had friends who also stayed at this hotel at the same time that we did....we all agreed this is definitely a budget hotel.	
Sep 6 2006 	Superb value particularly for the location!	I spent one night at the Marriot Courtyard Times Square, and if I have any reason to go back to New York, this will be my first choice.It's always the little things that make the difference. In this case, the hotel staff always seemed to do just a bit more than expected. For example, I showed up at noon, and my room was ready. (I rarely expect to be able to check in until 3pm.) The housekeeper politely asked me (in understandable English!) what time would be most convenient for her to clean the room. And everyone was particularly friendly... a boon to any tired, lonely traveler.The room was small (this is NY after all) but beautifully appointed, complete with a small frig, upscale shower, and LCD TV, and I was never bothered by outside noise. Plus the location can't be better -- it's right across the street from Bryant Park (which is behind the big library). And, as a NY friend commented when I told him the price, &quot;For NY, that's practically free!&quot;	
Sep 6 2006 	Excellent Time!	Had an excellent time in New York. Stayed at the hotel for 5 nights. No complaints here. Room was clean. Staff was friendly and beds are soooooo comfortable. New York is a diverse city and I recommend a visit just to experience the many cultures that live there. Had an excellent time and can't wait to return to so I can continue the experience.	
Sep 2 2006 	Excellent Experience!	My family stayed for three nights in August, we couldn't have asked for more. The hotel staff was awesome, the price was right, and the location was superb. Thanks for a great NYC experience!	
Aug 31 2006 	Absolutely wonderful hotel	We spent the weekend in NYC and had a great stay at this hotel. The staff were super friendly (we would like to have brought Merrick home with us). It was wonderful to be greated each morning by Merrick's broad, warm smile. He was the best. Free coffee (brewed by the cup) was nice in the lobby. The entrance to the hotel was pretty with a waterfall along one entire wall. We stayed on the 20th floor with a view out the front of the hotel (nothing spectacular to see), but the room was fabulous! The bed was simply the best, comfy, comfy and the linens were the nicest I've ever seen, absolutely gorgeous. Our room was exceptionally quiet, right beside the elevator, as was the hallway. We did not find the room to be small at all by NY standards, perhaps due to a different layout than a typical square hotel room. My husband particularly liked the flat screen tv. A computer is set up in the lobby with internet access, nice to check the weather and other events. The hotel is very close to Bryant Park, a green space bordered by the public library and only a couple of blocks from Times Square. We felt very safe walking back to this hotel, even at midnight from Times Square. Our room keys were checked as an extra level of security when we arrived late, a nice feeling of security. When we travel to NYC again, no question, we will definiately be staying at the Courtyard, Times Square.	
Aug 28 2006 	Wonderful hotel excellent location	On arrival, the hotel staff were very welcoming and check-in was smooth and informative. Our room was of a satisfactory size and had everything that we needed for a comfortable stay (including a room safe for valuable possessions which was reassuring). As requested, we were allocated a room with a view of the Empire State building which was great! In agreement with some of the other reviews, the bathroom was a bit stuffy due to poor design e.g. no extractor fan (this isn't a huge problem though). One big plus is the wonderful beds that they have - so comfortable and relaxing after a long day sightseeing, and the thick windows mean that there is no noise from the streets outside to keep you awake! Location wise, this hotel is fantastic, perfect for getting out and about with no worries. Above all, the staff were the greatest asset to this hotel - they are very helpful and very friendly. I would definitely return to The Coutryard Hotel and would recommend it to anyone looking to stay in New York!	
Aug 27 2006 	A solid hotel	Headed to NYC for the weekend with my husband, something we do very regularly, and for a change (and because of a Marriott gift card burning a hole in my pocket) decided to stay at the Courtyard Times Square South. Hotel is very conveniently located for theatregoing, sightseeing in Midtown, or for browsing the sample sales in the Garment District.We checked in just a few minutes before &quot;official&quot; checkin time... no problem with the (10 minute early) checkin. My Marriott Rewards account has on it that I prefer &quot;King, NS rooms on a high floor away from the elevator.&quot; I reiterated to the clerk... &quot;This is away from the elevator, right?&quot; and she agreed. When I took my keys and headed to the elevator, I noticed we were in Room 207. Sigh. Definitely NOT the high floor... but whatever. We exited the elevator and...to my surprise...ran smack dab into the room...immediately to the left of the elevators. Now, I'm a relatively light sleeper, and I've spent many a hotel night awake in NYC because of the &quot;ding, ding&quot; of the elevator all night long. So... marched back downstairs. The clerk was friendly, but seemed clueless that the room was (a) not on a high floor, and (b) right next to the elevator. When I said this room wasn't what I'd specifically asked her about, she asked, &quot;Oh, you want a corner room?&quot; I told her a corner wasn't necessary, just away from the elevator. Finally... she came up with Room 206, which although still on the 2nd floor, was away from the elevator. Fine.Room was fine... and there was no worry about street noise (my reason for requesting high floor rooms), since I looked out on a lovely view of an air conditioning unit and another apartment building in front of the hotel rooms on 40th St. It actually made the room *extremely* quiet - almost cave like. But it was fine.Beds were comfortable, couldn't hear neighbors through the walls, and staff was friendly when we were coming and going. Complimentary internet in the lobby's a nice touch. Had to wait for the elevator at times (there was no stairwell from the 2nd floor leading to the lobby... I found a stairway leading to an *outside* door, but it was locked...which I guess would've been problematic had there been a fire.), but it wasn't a horrendously long wait.So...overall... it was a fine stay, but not my first choice in the city.	
Aug 25 2006 	LOVED it!!	This hotel was located right in the thick of the action...2 blocks from Times Square, 7 blocks from Macy's 9 blocks from Rockefeller and Bryant Park, which is quite lovely actually and a great place to read a book and just take it all in, was just down the end of 40th at 6th - a 2 minute walk at most. I walked everywhere with no problem. Now, to the actual hotel amenities and such. The check in went very easy and everyone in the lobby and at the front desk was SO nice. I was on the 24th floor and never had a problem getting an elevator. The room was a bit small but it is an older building (there are only like 6 rooms on each floor). The linens were to die for and I had 7 pillows on my bed. There was a desk and a great flat screen with lots of cable channels. The only thing I didn't really like was that the bathroom door wouldn't stay open but it was clean and didn't smell bad. The lighting in the bathroom was very slow to come on so I had to turn it on a few minutes before I went in there - I think it was done that way on purpose for some reason. The window actually opened a small bit so that, if you really wanted to take in the sounds of NY, you could! Also, the AC wasn't the strongest so I opened it one night just to let some cooler air in. I had the thermostat set on 50 and it was probably 75 in the room. When the windows were closed, you couldn't hear anything...pretty thick windows I guess. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who likes it quiet but convenient. If you like to party, stay at the Marquis.	
Aug 18 2006 	Great hotel with one flaw.	We just returned from a weekend stay at the Courtyard. We found the hotel to be in a GREAT location for everything, extremely clean and priced reasonably (for NYC that is). Its best features are the beds/linens, coffee machine in the lobby (free and absolutely delicious), friendly, helpful staff, and flat screen TV's with extensive cable. The rooms are small by American standards but more than adequate. The one true downfall is a design flaw that they can do little to correct. The bathroom doors open outward and therefore are set up to remain closed to allow you to go in and out of the door to the room. This has caused them to smell very musty. We were initially checked into 607 but the bathroom smell (like urine/urea) was so offensive and strong that we immediately asked for a room change as it was making me ill. We were placed in 1907. The bathroom smelled also but only about half as bad as the first one. I believe they are very aware of this problem because they maids use a strong deodorizer and prop the doors open with a trash can. My thoughts are that if they remodeled this hotel only one year ago and the bathrooms already smell this bad then the future looks bleak. I told them at checkout that we had absolutely no problem with the staff or ANYTHING else and that I realized this problem was out of their control. I find myself saying I would stay there again because everything else was so terrific.	
Jul 30 2006 	Loved this hotel!	Loved, loved, loved this hotel! Great location just off Times Square but on a very quiet street, the most comfortable hotel beds we've ever slept in, very helpful, courteous staff, and excellent coffee in the Lobby. An unexpected bonus was the close location(one block) to Bryant Park where Good Morning America tapes part of their show and hosts their Summer Concert Series on Fridays, and sometimes Wednesdays, in the summer, 7:30 - 9 a.m. Grab your coffee in the lobby, get a delicious &quot;bacon and egg on a bun&quot; for $2.50 from the corner deli and have breakfast in the Park with Diane Sawyer. A highlight of our trip! We stayed 5 nights and literally have no complaints. We will definitely return to this hotel!	
Jul 10 2006	Exceptional STAFF	Just returned from an EXCEPTIONAL visit at the Times Square Courtyard Marriott Hotel. We arrived on July 4 and stayed 2 nights and were thrilled with the location of the hotel and fine accommodations. Room was small but by NYC standards was good, was very neat and clean and up to date. Staff was incredible. They were the BEST staff I have ever encountered. Even though it was a busy holiday, that did not detour the staff from being courteous, welcoming and all together enjoyable. In all my travels I have NEVER encountered such a courteous staff. I will definetely go back to this hotel and recommend to all!!!!	
Jul 8 2006	LocationLocationLocation!	My daughter and I just returned from a quick overnight stay at this Courtyard. What a great place! We arrived via train through Grand Central. Hotel is a quick 10 minute walk from there. We were able to check in early (11:30am) and head right over to the TKTS booth to grab matinee tickets(1/2 price ). After the show we walked around a bit and decided to grab take out and retire early. Checked out the next morning at 9:30 and left the bags with Fred (very nice gentleman) and headed over by foot (10min) to catch the Grayline downtown tour. Got off at Battery Park to take a Circle line cruise to Statue of Liberty. If you want to go inside Statue it is best to reserve online at Statue of Liberty site as daily passes go very quickly. Back on bus to South Street Seaport to enjoy the sea and street performers. Returned to Courtyard with claim tickets for our bags and headed back to depart from Grand Central.The rooms are spacious, immaculate,and most of all very quiet. Didn't hear a thing outside until morning when the street cleaners/garbage trucks went by. The hotel is in a perfect location for walking to Times Square/ Rockefeller Center/ 5th Ave and even Empire State Blding. Beds are ultra comfy and all personnel are very courteous and nice. We can't wait to return and stay longer next time!	
Jul 4 2006	Great Location-Great Price	Stayed 3 nights (6/28-7/1) at the hotel. We had a great stay. We were there on vacation and enjoying NYC for the first time.Our room was a double/double on the 20th floor. The room had plenty of space for the three of us (mom/dad/son). The bathroom also had plenty of room. My only complaint about the room was that the door to the bathroom would not stay open and so the bathroom smelled somewhat stale.The front desk staff was friendly and helpful with recommendations.For the location and price, the hotel was well worth it. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 26 2006	Finally a Quiet Hotel Room!	I am very happy to report that my stay at this hotel was a pleasant surprise. I didn't expect the room to be as updated and with a flat screen tv. It was a good size room for NY standards and clean. The staff was very friendly and the most pleasant part was that I could sleep at night with no street noise! My only complaint was that my cell phone service didn't seem to get good reception in the room, but other than that, I plan to stay here for all business trips to the city!	
Jun 1 2006	Very pleasant stay...Excellent location...Great Staff...Will stay again!	We stayed for 2 nights. Friendly staff...All were very hospitable from front desk to maid service. We also ate their all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet. It was very good with freshly sqeezed o.j. and custom omelettes. Kinda pricey for four people though. We got our requested room on an upper floor. We thought that the elevators would take a while because of more potential stops, but each trip to/from the 28 floor was non-stop. The room was very clean. Also it was nice to store our luggage in the lobby after check-out so that we can do some last day shopping in times square. It was close to everything. Just a short walk to Times Square, Macy's, subway, and Gray Line Tours....as well as Newark Express's Bryant Park drop-off. Even though it's so close to noisy Broadway, there's isn't much street noise where it is off 40th. Very nice stay. My cousins are planning a trip to N.Y. this summer and I will definitely recommend this hotel to them and others.	
May 2 2006	Couldn't be better	Just got back from staying here with my daughter for 4 nights. Absolutely fantastic. We had a great room on 26th floor overlooking Empire State building. Staff extremely friendly and welcoming every time we entered hotel. Great location - oasis of calm just off Times Square. Room was large - two double beds, very comfortable, clean with all amenities, even an iron and board. Coffee machine in lobby which was free and always a fruit bowl or candy bowl in the lobby. Concierge gave great advice on restaurants in the area and bell hop Merick booked us taxi back to airport and looked after our luggage etc. Easy check-in and out.Would definitely stay here again.	
May 1 2006	Really nice !	Having stayed at this wonderful hotel was a great experience, thanks to Tripadvisor where we found it with good reviews !Nice lobby with classical music in the entrance, nice staff, nice room, and nice view. But you have to ask for a nice view to the Empire State Building because only a few rooms have this kind of amazing view.Our room was on the last floor (33rd), and was very big : 2 armchairs, a sofa, 2 really comfortable king-size beds, 2 flat-screen TV-sets, a table with a working chair. I think it was one of the best rooms in the hotel, room 3301 if you want to ask for it.But I disliked the lightening in the bathroom, that was a little bit gloomy, but otherwise everything was perfect. The breakfast was expensive, but very good. And the free coffee in the lobby was the tastiest I have drunk in NYC !Even if we arrived quite early (it was about 11 am), we got the room, and they gave us a call to know if everything was all right.And the location... I think a better one couldn't have been possible !If you are looking for a wonderful accomodation in NYC, don't search anymore, you have found it !Thank you Tripadvisor, and thank you Marriott !!	
Apr 22 2006	Wonderful Overall!	When my husband, my two other friends, and I decided to travel to NYC, we checked TripAdvisor for all of our vacation needs. We came across this hotel, and thought...&quot;It looks nice, it's a Marriott, and it's close to everything that we want to be close to...&quot;, SO...we gave it a shot. WE were NOT dissappointed!Our shuttle dropped us off in front of the hotel (which was under construction). Our initial reaction was &quot;Oh...this is it?&quot;. But, then we walked in, and our impression immediately changed. We were pleasantly greeted at the entrance with smiles from the helpful staff members. We were able to check in immediately (even though we arrived early-about 9:30am). We were also happy to see complementary fresh apples at the front counter (we had a long morning flight w/o breakfast). We walked to the elevator, and noticed the wonderful complementary coffee bar (which I was EXTREMELY excited to see... they even had Mocha AND French Vanilla!). We then headed up to our room. Our room was lovely: it was clean, cozy, great T.V., and more than we expected. The only thing that we were even remotely dissappointed about was the view from our window...it wasn't great, but we didn't spend much time in there anyway. :)Over our 3-day stay, the cleaning service was wonderful, the fresh apples were there every morning (which switched to candy treats in the afternoon), and the lobby staff were helpful and friendly. We could not have asked for more. My husband and I made reservations at an elite hotel for our final night of the trip, but we wished that we would have just stayed at this Courtyard by Marriott. It was great.When we return to NYC, we will DEFINITELY be returning to this hotel!	
Apr 15 2006	Brilliant	What a Place. Lovely &amp; clean. The beds (I want one of them) the best I've slept in. Coffe on tap downstairs really good. Staff very friendly &amp; helpful.Superb location.Would definitley stay there again	
Apr 11 2006	Great hotel	Just returned from a spring break trip with my wife and our 16 year old son. I had never been to NYC before, but I will definitely be going back. We had a blast. Didn't get to do all we wanted, but we have an idea now for our next trip. The Courtyard was excellent. The hotel was clean, the staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms were nice sized. We got a king room and asked for a roll away for our son. It was delivered within minutes of our arrival in the room. The king bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I have slept in. The coffee service in the lobby was great. My only complaint was with the Times Square area. It was more touristy than I would have preferred. Next time we will try the Upper West side or Upper East side. I would love to move this hotel to one of those areas.	
Mar 30 2006	Great hotel right on Times Square	Location, Location, Location. That's what this hotel offered together with good rooms and service to match up to it.However, I don't know if it warrants its extremely high room rates.	
Mar 22 2006	An Oasis	Just returned from a 6 night stay at 'The Courtyard'. This is an excellent hotel that I can't fault. It is just 2 blocks from the centre of Times Square and yet as soon as you walk in you feel calm. It is also only one block in the other direction from Bryant Park which is a very peaceful haven on your walk through to 5th Avenue. As for the hotel, well I travel quite a lot with my job in England and usually stay in 4* and this hotel was equal if not better. I can only extol the virtues of the quality of the room. The cafe/mocha in the lobby was my saviour after a long day of walking and luckily there was a coffee machine in the room for our breakfast drink (as we were on the 30th floor). The staff were very friendly and efficient, and the hotel had nice touches like apples on reception every morning(The Big Apple) and sweets in a bowl in the afternoon. Definitely stay in this hotel if you want to be near the bustle of Times Square but need a peaceful retreat.(the open top bus even leaves from here)	
Mar 13 2006	Great business hotel...great staff location rooms	I stayed at this Courtyard a few years ago and returned recently for a 3 night stay on business. What a change! I had debated staying here or at the Benjamin, and I was very glad I chose to stay here...The rooms are beautiful - nice new carpet, plush linens, comfortable bed, flat screen tv, immaculate bathroom. The staff was outstanding - from the front desk to the bell staff, (particularly the bell staff!! great guys) to the concierge, (always busy, but very helpful). Anything you need or would like - ask, they are extremely accomodating here. The location is perfect, right near Bryant Park, Times Square, plenty of subways and always a taxi nearby.The gourmet coffee machine in the lobby is a nice touch, as is the laundry and workout room downstairs.Complimentary, reliable internet access was very appreciated!Only two things to note, and neither of these are the hotel's fault. Heavy construction is going on down the street - keep your windows closed or it will wake you up. With windows closed, you hardly hear it. During the day between 11:30 - 4:30, stay out of the lobby as best you can, it's always jam packed with people and you will wait for whatever it is you need.They have plentiful staff, but things just get impossibly busy there from what I saw.Great hotel, great stay. I would absolutely stay again!	
Jan 22 2006	Great Hotel Friendly Service Perfect Location	My wife and I travel to New York often and have stayed in many other hotels. This is our new favorite. We chose it because they permit small dogs at no additional fee. (Our two little dogs stay in a kennel when we are not in the room; this way, they stay calm and of trouble, and do not scare the staff). We were prepared for an OK experience, but to our surprise, had a wonderful time at this hotel. The room was large by NYC standards, very clean, up-to-date, comfortably appointed, and quiet. We even had an LCD TV. The bathroom was new and spotless. Best of all, however, was the friendly service we got from arrival to check-out. The staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful. To top it off, the location is perfect - a block from the southern reaches of Times Square. Treat yourself to a stay at the Courtyard Marriott Times Square South.	
Dec 29 2005	Good value	Stayed in the Courtyard Marriot during Christmas. Found good deal from their website. Staff are very friendly! We arrived in the morning, and we got the room right the way. Instead of 1 bed, we had 2 beds! Room is not fancy, but very clean. Ceiling of the washroom needs to be fixed... Paint started to chip...Good location. There is subway station right at the corner. However, that entrance (also another entrance accross the street) do not open all the time... Maybe it was weekend or other reason... In this case, I need to walk to Times Square to take the subway. It only took me 5-8 mins to walk there.There is complimentary coffee and tea at the lobby which is very thoughtful.	
Dec 12 2005	Great Choice	Stayed here over the weekend of 12-10-05. Awesome hotel with a great location - but out of the rush. The rooms were so quiet with a flat screen TV. They were also clean and a great size for a NYC hotel. I have stayed at the W Times Sq and the Grand Hyatt - this was much better! Would stay again!	
Dec 5 2005	Really enjoyed the stay	The Courtyard staff is outstanding. We were greated every time we returned and they were always very helpful with directions. Location was perfect, close to Times Square but out of the rush. Room was quiet and nice, although the bed had a trench on one side. Coffee downstairs was very nice on a cold day and the breakfast was excellent. A great place for a quick weekend away.	
Dec 5 2005	Thank you for your reviews	I read all available reviews of this hotel before I made a reservation. The hotel was just as good as expected. The check in and check out was superfast. There was a flat tv in the room and we got a room with a view to the Empire State Building without asking it. When we arrived to the room we got a phone call from reception and they asked if everything is ok in the room.This is a hotel near Tmes Square and Macy's so whatyou can concentrate on them and the hotel will take care of everything else. So what's more to be expected !	
Nov 23 2005	A Room with a View?	This is a Times Square location with a Garment District address, which poses few problems except for the view. Most rooms in this business grade hotel look out on a dressmaker's table or eye-to-eye with with some desk jockey. For a lucky few-in-the-know, there are rooms with a snappy view of the Empire State Building just a few blocks away...spectacular views precisely framed by the drab buildings across 39th Street. When you check-in, request an upper floor with the room number ending in &quot;01.&quot; In my case, Room 3001. Sprouting from the rooftops and dilapidated water tanks rises the Empire State all lit up in a different color scheme each night. A bonus is that Rooms &quot;01&quot; are at the end of the hall, which yeild only one neighbor and a better night's rest. Kudos to the management for coaching the staff on courtesy and their hallmark &quot;Welcome home, Sir&quot; greeting. Thanks to concierges JC and Brigit for tending to the details. And a final word about security...foolishly I left a small purchase on a side table in the lobby. Hours passed before I noticed, so I held little hope of recovering the parcel when I inquired at the front desk. The security dude was more relieved than I when he handed it to me. A job well done!	
Oct 9 2005	Great hotel but the Manager.....?	Excellent hotel. The rooms were immaculate, the free coffee in the lobby was out of this world; and breakfast delicious. Everyone working there just seemed so nice. Someone even welcomed us &quot;home&quot;. Only drawback....there's a manager at the front desk (with horrible makeup), who treated us like we were idiots. She sang her answers to our questions! Who does that? She seemed to embarass the other lovely ladies working at the desk. All in all it was a great hotel, and a fantastic visit to the city. Just let your manager know she doesn't have to try so hard. I'm assuming she wasn't a New Yorker, but was trying to seem like one. YOU WILL LOVE THIS HOTEL! I just don't get the concept of putting a coffee maker in the bathrooms,(shudder...) when you can get excellent coffee downstairs?! And, why the fridge in the bathroom?? Who uses that?	
Oct 1 2005	Loved this hotel!!	We stayed here for 4 nights in late September and had a great experience at this hotel. The staff could not have been nicer - they were extremely helpful in all our requests. We stayed on the 2nd floor and couldn't believe how quiet it was! A few horn honks or sirens now and then, but overall it was very quiet. The rooms were more than big enough, very clean, and the beds were extremely comfortable. You can't beat the location - just off Broadway and just a short walk to Times Square. We walked to all our Broadway shows with no problem and thoroughly enjoyed all that Times Square and the city had to offer. On our next trip to NYC we will definitely be staying at the Courtyard Times Square!	
Sep 10 2005	Budget conscious delight	We could not have had a better experience! Checked in early, courteous, friendly staff, 24 free coffee (woo), clean, renovated facilities, helpful concierge. Great location: near to it all, but quiet! 5 pillows for each double bed, view of Empire State Bldg, intimate size- not too busy, elevators always quick and readily available! Hotel breakfast not worth it when coffee shops abound and free coffee is in the lobby!	
Sep 5 2005	Good choice	Clean, very helpful and friendly staff. The location next to Bryant Park is superb, so you can walk with the free coffee or tee to the park in the morning and make your plans for the day.	
Aug 23 2005	Great theatre district choice	Have stayed at this hotel several times for its proximity to both transportation hubs. For a no-frills place they do everything well and right. Warm welcome, nice-looking though smallish lobby, rooms are quiet and immaculate.Great breakfasts (no dinners at most Courtyards), huge snack selection on lower level and pleasant employees make this a great choice for either business travelers (very swift checkouts!), those wishing to cover the midtown sights easily or, like myself, a purchaser of early-morning Amtrak tickets.Highly recommended!	
Jul 1 2005	Marriott will take care of you	We made a 2 night stay in NYC after our honeymoon in Jamaica because the flight was cheaper to go through NYC than directly back to Pensacola (go figure!). We took advantage of the opportunity to cash in some Marriott Rewards points and got a room for 2 nights at Marriott Times Square South. Our flight didn't arrive to JFK until 9:30 pm so I called the hotel the week before the wedding to let them know we would be a late arrival.We arrived to the hotel around 11:30 pm on May 28 (Memorial Day weekend) to find out they were over-booked. I was a little miffed at first but they already had arrangements for us to stay at The Kitano (just a couple of blocks away) on Saturday night. I asked about a suite at the Marquis and the guy said they would do it in an instant but every Marriott in Manhattan from Central Park to Wall Street was packed to the gills and had absolutely no room to spare. No problem, the desk gave us $10 cash (for the cab), hailed a cab, and refused to take any tip for handling all our bags and told us to come back around 11am on Sunday. No problem. The Kitano was very nice with marble bathrooms and one heckuva view of the Empire State Building right out our window. Sunday morning we check out of The Kitano and head back to Courtyard around 10:30. No room yet so we checked the bags and went walking around the city. Not that big of a deal, but just a little bit of a hassle when you're tired from travelling and just want to see the sights. At noon, our room was ready and check-in was fast (less than 2 minutes). Nice room, good size for Manhattan. Monday morning check-out was quick. We were told that we would only be charged points for one night stay and the first night was on them (30,000 points to use another time, heck yeah!) and a $0 hotel bill is always good to see! :) Management and bell clerk were very nice and apologetic for the problems 2 nights prior. We never questioned it and just accepted what happened as being a holiday weekend and the fact it was a free stay anyway. As long as we had comparable accommodations we were good (of which they had them waiting on us at a nicer hotel). Overall, a very nice experience.A couple of weeks later, I just happened to check my Marriott points balance, and not only did they refund our points for the first night, we received points as if we paid for the room! A couple of days pass and I receive a letter in the mail from The Courtyard Times Square South. I figured it was a questionnaire about the stay. Not even close. Inside was a letter thanking us for being loyal customers and telling us about the points credit along with a $100 check for our inconvenience. Wow! I was not even expecting this, especially since we usually stay less than 10 nights a year with the Marriott chain. I didn't realize big corporations even cared about their customers anymore! All in all, we had a teriffic experience in NYC thanks (in no small part) to the courtesy of the workers and management at the Courtyard Times Square South. The hotel was as good as any I've seen (especially for their prices) in Manhattan, and Marriott has certainly secured my few nights a year that we travel. When we return to NYC we will definitely be checking into the Courtyard. For the money, convenience, and wonderful staff you can't go wrong.	
Jun 26 2005	Great location quiet but the concierge -----	We stayed at the hotel for two nights in June. The hotel is incredibly quiet, check-in and check-out went very smoothly. The room was spacious by NYC standards.What really disappointed us was the concierge. They first recommended us a cheesy place to go for dinner (we asked two different people and they both recommended Jack's -- stay away from that dump, the food is pretty standard and we did not enjoy the cockroaches on walls ...).But what shocked us was the greed with which the concierge is selling Broadway tickets. We wanted to see The Producers, the concierge offered orchestra tickets for $170 each. After some back and forth, they said that the ticket will show a price of $100 and the rest is a fee that compensates the broker for holding tickets for the guests. They also said that no tickets would be available at the theatre (it was Saturday) and they have no tickets other than the orchestra. Well, we decided to go for a walk to the theatre (most of the theatres are closeby) and we easily bought two balcony tickets for $46 each. Who would not like to save $250? We laughed all the way back to the hotel.Get real, Marriott!	
Jun 23 2005 	Great NYC Bargain!	Great hotel - reasonable price, good location, and very clean room. I travel a lot for business and would definitely recommend this hotel for both business and leisure travelers. Bed was very comfortable, room was quiet and had all the necessary conveniences including free high speed Internet access. Great bar across the street and a short walk to Times Square. Check in and check out were quick and efficient.	
Jun 22 2005	Made in Manhatten	The Courtyard Marriot is an excellent choice for a hotel.It is right in Times Square next to the Theatre Districtand the staff always goes out of their way to be helpful.The reception area is very nice and everyone makesyou feel welcome.I was surprised by the big room, as a lot of places inNew York have very small rooms. And the room whichwas located on the 29th floor was quiet. No soundsof traffic or garbage pick-ups.Included in our package was a full breakfast every morning with your choice of buffet or different items from the menu.Of course staying in Manhatten is Magnificent, with Theatre, Museums,Shopping and the best restaurants!!!!Enjoy	
Jun 7 2005	Great location and quiet	We just stayed for 3 nights at the Courtyard in Times Square. It's got to be the quietest hotel on Times Square. We never heard any noise. Maybe because it's on 40th street; just far enough so you're not in the major crowds, but close to everything! Breakfast was wonderful, but pricey. Everyone was very friendly. Our room was typical, but we never spent much time there. The only problem we had was the night before we left, the front desk told us to come 10 minutes before we needed to leave and they would flag down a taxi for us. The next day, they said they couldn't do it and we'd just have to do it ourselves. We did, but it took a while. We'd definitely stay here again.	
Apr 30 2005 	Great Hotel	Only stayed one night, but the room was great. Very clean and Quiet. Great workout room too! Highspeed internet. Everything you would expect from Marriott! This was a great hotel for the money.	
Apr 25 2005	everything was great	From the helpful, friendly staff to the delicious coffee in the lobby this hotel was everything a hotel should be. The location is close to the theatre district and several good restaurants. There is a subway station close by too. The room was clean and new looking. I can't say enough about the staff; the concierge was knowledgeable and friendly. She made reservations for us for dinner. We drove in and our car was parked for us. The hotel is simple to get to from the Lincoln tunnel and getting out was just as easy. I will stay again.	
Apr 21 2005	oh so quiet	A veritable haven of peace after the noise of times square. We stayed on the 18 floor and hardly heard a thing;it was quieter than at home. The staff couldnt do more for you and were all pleasant The breakfast was slightly expensive; we used deli's subsequently I enjoyed my stay and wouldt bother looking for a better hotel for the price ; because i dont think they exist	
Apr 17 2005 	The best of NYC	Great location, great service, very clean could not ask for anything else. Two blocks from every where. I also love the general manager's office in the lobby.	
Apr 17 2005	Great HOtel!	Great Hotel! The room was big, bathroom was clean and also very large. And, something that usually doesn't happen - lots and lots of towels in the bathroom! The bed was very comfortable and had enough pillows. The rooms were quiet - I never heard our neighbors. THe elevators weren't slow at all and we never felt like we had to wait a long time. CHeck-in and Check-out were also very fast. We go to NYC a lot and this hotel was by far one of our favorites. The location was even nice. We don't usually like being in Times Square but it didn't seem crowded at our hotel at all. The hotel is about 1-2 blocks off Times Square so it wasn't very noisy. Easy walk to the subway and the subway is a major interchange so you can catch lots of different subway lines from that one stop. ALso, the Public Library is one block away. Two downsides: 1) breakfast wasn't that good at all. Our room came with a free breakfast - we only made that mistake the first morning. After that, we ate elsewhere. 2) the windows in the hotel room only opened about 3 inches so we couldn't get a good breeze going. I would definitely stay here again. I recommend this hotel to anyone going to NYC.	
Apr 3 2005	FIrst choice of Manhattan hotels	Stayed at the Courtyard Times Square in March 2005. (there is another Courtyard down the street, I don't know about it) Have been to several hotels in Manhattan and like that this is right around the corner from all the action of TImes Square yet quiet at night. Nice sized rooms. Friendly and very helpful staff. Nice to have complimentary coffee and tea always available. Can easily walk either downtown or uptown. Easy to get to subways. This would be our first choice.	
Mar 2 2005	Overall We Loved It	The staff was exellent, especially the Jamaican-born bellman (wish I'd written down his name!). When we needed additional shampoo during the busy morning hours, it was there within 5 minutes.Rooms are clean and everything is in excellent shape. Halls are pleasant and well-lit. Even the guest laundry room was very clean and even secure.For my money, you can't beat the location. Easy walking distance to the subway, Times Square, the TKTS booth, and a lot of theaters, yet not nearly as hectic as those properties directly on Times Square.The only things I wasn't crazy about were beds and breakfast.The beds were a bit lumpy and not all that comfortable. Breakfast was overpriced and, while acceptable, nothing special.We were pleased overall and don't hesitate to recommend this propery.	
Mar 1 2005 	Very good place to stay!	The hotel seems to have been built in the vacant space in the centre of the block. As a result the surrounding buildings absorb the noise of the street. Slept with the window open and wasn't disturbed at all.There were only 8 rooms per floor and couldn't hear any noise of TV's, people closing doors, or noise from other rooms above or below.Hotel is about 7 yars old so everything in fresh and new.Air-con/heating in the room is whisper quiet and works well.Rooms very big and comfortable and so was the bed. Bathroom also large &amp; well lit.Staff very friendly and helpful, within 5 minutes of checking in someone was on the phone to make sure the room was upto standard.Location is fantastic. Mid-town Manhatten and a 3 minute walk from Times Square.Didn't use breakfast room as it looked a bit pricy and with a quintillion delis and diners 5 minute walk in any direction I went native. Saying that I noticed cops having breakfast in the hotel and I'm sure they wouldn't eat there if it wasn't upto scratch!Free coffee (and very nice!) on tap in reception 24/7Good fitness room in hotel together with vending machines and laundry room.Negative points:- Shower not brilliant- Waiting for a lift/elevator a 'peak-times' was a pain, but then my experiance is that all hotels are.- Muzac in public ground floor areas wanted to make me scream- being in the courtyard of the block the views were not great. I was about 10-15ft away from the window opposite and natural light is restricted, but then again if I wanted views I wouldn't have stayed there.WARNING: If you sleep in the nude, careful when you open the curtains in the morning ;O)	
Feb 19 2005	Best Hotel for Seeing NYC	We just stayed at this hotel the last weekend in January (28-30) and it was fantastic. The location cannot be beat; with a short block walk to the lights of Times Square and easy access to any subway line you can imagine, you will see everything on your list. The rates are affordable, the rooms are bigger than average, and the hotel is off of the main, noisy streets.I reserved two rooms, one king and one with two doubles, and hoped they would be on the same floor. Not only did they get us rooms across the hall, we had a lock-out and could open our doors to make one huge suite! It was awesome and we so appreciated the wonderfully accommodating staff. The complimentary coffee and tea downstairs was a great preparation for the blistering cold of winter.I would most definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going to NYC for the tourist spots and broadway shows as you are in the center of it all. The rooms are clean, the lobby is elegant, and the neighborhood is safe. Wonderful!!	
Dec 31 2004	Consistent Courtyard quality	We stayed at the Courtyard December 16-19 of 2004. I booked the stay using Marriott reward certificates for some of the nights and was told I was only eligible for a king/smoking room with a rollaway for our third person under the reward terms. I called the hotel a few weeks ahead &amp; requested a double/double non-smoking if available and was pleased that the request was fulfilled even though the hotel appeared to be booked to capacity that weekend. The room decor was typical Courtyard style and surprisingly big with a good sized bathroom (unusual in NYC!) much to the delight of us three gals that were staying together. The espresso machine in the lobby was a nice treat as well!The staff was pleasant, professional, courteous, friendly, and very accomodating, especially the cafe staff who were clearly overwhelmed each morning we were there. The cafe area seemed a bit small for the size of the hotel &amp; did cause a 15-20 minute wait each morning before we could be seated but, considering the breakfast was included in the room, I can't complain.The only pitfall I found in our whole stay is that outside street noises were very loud from within our room on the 19th floor, especially considering that we faced a nearly blocked in courtyard between two other buildings (sirens awoke me at night and nearby construction work awoke me in the morning). Admittedly, I have never stayed so close to a busy area in NYC so perhaps I'm just not used to being that close to the action. At any rate, it was a small issue in an otherwise good stay that reminds me why I like the consistent quality of Courtyard so much.	
Dec 30 2004	Great Hotel in a Pinch	When visiting NYC we usually stay up on the Park but during the holidays the prices are ridiculous, so we had booked two nights at the Cosmopolitan in Tribeca. The neighborhood and the lobby kind of creeped us out once we got there and we cancelled that stay and tried to find something better. We paid full list price for a single room at the Courtyard and it was very, very nice. Nothing dishy like uptown but clean, comfortable, and quiet. Our room faced 40th Street and it was so dark that we slept until 10 AM. The location is excellent for shopping and theater. We will definitely consider this hotel for future stays.	
Dec 19 2004	I would stay again 8^)	I've stayed at Courtyards before and I've enjoyed the comfort of the rooms and this one was no exception - modern, comfortable, clean.The location is great and if you're there over the weekend, be sure to visit the street faire on Sundays. The concierge was great! Very friendly and helpful. She pointed me to some very good restaurants. With the exception of one person at the front desk who must've had a very bad day, the front desk crew was very friendly. The only negative is that the in-house restaurant is closed in the evenings which is the first time that I've encountered such a situation at a Marriott property.	
Nov 16 2004	Very nice	Stayed the weekend of Novemebr 12 and using Marriott Reward points.  Excellent location, within five blocks of Macy's:only three blocks from Times Square. Nice, large ,clean room: great bed.Friendly and helpful staff; Complimentary coffee and tea in lobby a plus. Just what we would expect from a member of the Marriott chain. Would love to stay here again if a reasonable rate is available	
Oct 26 2004	Good Room Good Rate	The Courtyard by Marriot at Times Square South was excellent. The room was clean, ready on time, and the wait staff was very attentive. Only drawback was the room was slightly small.	
Sep 25 2004	Courtyard Marriott is Perfect!	Considering I had not been to New York before, I was naturally concerned about where to stay especially travelling with a 17 year old! The Courtyard Marriott was the perfect hotel in every aspect. The picture on their website did not look very appealing and certainly does not do justicewe were pleasantly surprised &amp; very impressed when we arrived. I can assure you the rooms are very reasonably priced and extremely clean. The beds were made everyday &amp; we were provided with fresh towels everyday too! The location could not be any better  literally on the doorstep of Times Square! The staff were extremely polite, friendly and helpful. also very good on security! Get complimentary coffee machine in the lobby, which we used frequently! There were no faults that we could find  thoroughly enjoyed our stay! It really would be rude to ask for anything more! When we visit NY again we will definitely stay here again!	
Sep 17 2004	Great location good hotel.		
Sep 15 2004	Top Notch Hotel and Best Value		
Aug 29 2004	Loved it		
Jul 19 2004	Great location clean rooms friendly staff		
Mar 30 2004	A great place to stay in NYC		
Mar 23 2004	Loved the Courtyard!		
Mar 15 2004	Very good stay at Courtyard		
Nov 11 2003	Most accommodating		
Nov 4 2003	Pricey but good facility		
May 6 2002	Mediocre service		
Nov 12 2009 	rien a redire		
Oct 19 2009 	Excelente!!		
Oct 19 2009 	Marriott hotel		
Oct 12 2009 	Excelente ubicación.		
Oct 11 2009 	Mitten in New York		
Sep 9 2009 	Très dèçu		
Jul 21 2009 	Estancia perfecta		
Feb 3 2009 	pratique et confortable		
Jan 6 2009	Courtyard al di sotto delle aspettative		
Oct 24 2008 	Courtyard ok!		
Oct 22 2008 	Perfecto para Manhattan!		
Oct 20 2008 	Excelente estadía en el Courtyard Marriot /Times Square South		
Sep 22 2008 	génial!!!!		
Apr 23 2008 	Excellent Hôtel		
Mar 21 2008 	Gutes Mittelklassehotel in super Lage!		
Sep 23 2007 	Gran ubicación		
