Nov 16 2009 	Arty doesn't have to equal grimy	We booked the Carlton Arms after reading the website and online reviews. Some things are true - it is one of the cheapest places you'll find, has a good location and no bed bugs or anything bad like that. However, it's quite dirty, dark, and the friendly staff which I've read about didn't seem to be on duty during our stay! The hotel is a few minutes' walk from a subway and from Park Ave, and there are loads of restaurants and bars very close by. The location feels safe and convenient. When we arrived we weren't given a choice of rooms. The one we got was ok. It was on the first floor so only two flights of steep stairs to manage. However, the room was very dark. The beds are the creakiest I've laid on for a while, the sheets were clean but the sink in the room was really, really dirty (rust and general dirt) and I had to restrain myself from buying some cleaning equipment and doing it myself. Also, the window didn't close properly so there was a constant draft (which wasn't too much of a problem as the heating was usually on and the room was boiling hot) but it wasn't great in terms of security. My main problem with the room was that it clearly hadn't been cleaned to any proper standard for years. Yes it had been hoovered but there was a layer of dust on the table and bedside lamp and a generally grimy, student house feeling. It was really noisy at night (street noise through our open window and the banging heating pipes) but I had earplugs so it was ok. We had a shared bathroom which was quite clean and we hardly ever had to wait for it. There was a room where we could leave our luggage when we checked out, and during our stay, there was one friendly guy on the front desk who ws helpful in answering our questions. The rest of them seemed a bit surly and unfriendly. Overall, I'd say that the wesbite is very good and the art photographs well. However I'd like it if they paid more attention to the more boring parts of running a hotel such as cleaning and maintaining the rooms. It's an old building, true, but I wouldn't have thought that dusting the rooms should be too difficult. It really feels like you're staying in a dirty student boy's house.	
Oct 22 2009 	Amazing Again	This was my second time at The Carlton, and it wont be the last. Don't be put off by the negative reviews, the hotel does have an edgy feel, but it is NOT unsafe. It's not spotless, the beds and doors creak, the heat pipes cough and moan, you get noise from the street, the floors are uneven......but I wouldn't stay anywhere else in NYC....not even The Plaza.	
Oct 19 2009 	so much for reliability	I booked a room for my stay in NY well in advance, only to have it canceled on my mere weeks before leaving for NY with barely a &quot;sorry&quot;. Now I'm basically room and boardless.I do not recommend this very unprofessional establishment.	
Oct 13 2009 	As They Say "You Get What You Pay For"	I know a lot of people will not agree with my review because this hotel has so many fans...but here goes. During my 5 night stay in New York City, I couldn't decide which of 2 hotels to stay in, so I decided to stay in both, 3 nights in Greenwich Village and 2 nights at this one, close to the Flatiron Bldg. Both were comparable in price, the Greenwich Village hotel was $90 and the Carlton Arms was $80. I LOVED my Greenwich Village hotel. It was on a quiet, tree-lined street, safe, and close to so many quaint shops, restaurants and cafes. Then I got to the Carlton Arms. Like other reviewers, I was given the choice of 3 different rooms. The first one was clean, the 2nd one had a sink that was rusty and or/dirty, and the 3rd one was really dark--the curtains were black, the art on the walls was dark and it was just plain creepy. Needless to say, I chose the first one, although it wasn't any better than the other 2. The forest green carpet was heavily stained and the floorboards underneath the carpet were really uneven. I was hesitant to put my bare feet on the carpet. Also, the air freshener was extremely potent and strong, almost overwhelmingly strong. The bed, although firm, was really creaky when I sat on it. The hotel is located on a very busy street. All night long I heard sirens, garbage trucks, car alarms and delivery trucks. And there's also a very busy bar across the street that was very loud. I woke up one morning with more than a dozen flea bites (probably from the cat that lives there). My room was located near the door that leads from the hall. So everytime someone came in from the hallway, I heard the door creaking and loud footsteps. But one positive thing I can say is that the bathrooms are clean. I guess you can't expect much for $80/night. They can't even provide daily maid service. At least my Greenwich Village hotel had daily maid service, a cute little bag of toiletries, breakfast every day, a quiet, restful location--all for $90+tax. The Carlton Arms Hotel is a dive. I will never stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009	Eight full days inNew York City	Eight full days in New York City. Lucky to have connections so got to see three Broadway shows at very low price and a private tour of the United Nations. However New York City is a place to experience. my friend and i stayed at the &quot;Ye Olde Carlson Arms&quot; I highly recommend if you want something affordable and different. BUT do not expect any of the &quot;trimmings&quot; of an ordinary hotel. The location was great for us as we love to walk everywhere. You can always get the subway which was close by if preferred. End of September was the time we were there. Good weather and less crowded than the Summer. So many things to see and do. We wandered Greenich Village, took a water taxi on the Hudson, visited Central Park, Also took the tour you pay for (only 8 dollars) well worth it of the United Nation. The New York public library is a must. We only went inside the Empire state building, took a picture of the person dressed up as the Gorilla but skipped taking the ride to the top. (big lines).We felt we really experienced the feel of the city and people by walking and meeting so many people. Can't wait to go again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Each room is designed by another New York Artist	You can stay in a room that is designed like a French garden, or in one that is purple and gold. A double room came to 80 bucks per night in 2006. Area is central and safe 	
Aug 21 2009 	Stayed for 10 weeks 	People, ignore all the reviews about dirty dingy rooms. I interned in New York last summer and commuted back and forth 10 weeks in a row. I stayed in a different room each week(each room is painted by a different artist). All the rooms were clean and pretty spacious. Had cool furniture and comfy beds. The sheets were ALWAYS clean and all the rooms had air conditioning. This is kind of a hostel type hotel except you have a private room for only $80. (bathroom in corridor, very clean, never had to wait to use it or anything). This hotel is in a prime location and $80 a night is an incredible deal. The hotel is right next to a school and near restaurants and shopping. VERY SAFE area! I walked around by myself at 10 or 11 at night all the time. Always tons of people on the street.Just wanted to give people reviewing this hotel a realistic idea considering I stayed here for 10 weeks straight!Good luck and enjoy!	
Jul 21 2009 	Friendly and confortable	I have been at Carlton Arms in november and was a little bit afraid once I have booked it on internet.But I had a nice surprise when I got there and knew the rooms, funny and nice... But the biggest surprise I had when I met people who work there... They are so friendly and helpfull and I actually had great tips from them and spent nice time talking to them.Tks guys and I definitelly would recommend this place to a friend!!	
Jul 12 2009 	the location epitomizes NYC	I stayed at Carlton Arms in mid-June 2009. I was able to walk with my carry-on luggage from Grand Central Station up 3rd Ave and by the time I got to 25th St. I had walked by every ethnic restaurant or bakery imaginable including the new location of the best Jewish Deli in NY which always will be the Second Ave Deli. When I returned to the hotel late Sat. night around 1AM I was thirsty and across the street was a choice of 2 small grocery stores to buy water and even the Sunday Times which you can purchase the night before( late Sat. night). The next morning I had a choice of 2 Starbucks, 2 bagel places and several coffee shops-bakeries to choose from. They were also setting up for a street festival on 3rd Ave., not to mention the street festival and barbeque they have practically every Sunday at Madison Square Park a few blocks away. The neighborhood(and I mean neighborhood) was very safe and filled with couples pushing strollers or little dogs being walked or interns on their way to NYU Medical Center and the like. At night there are many nightclubs and a very popular Irish Pub right below the hotel but it was not in your face or unruly and it felt hip to be where all the action is. There are plenty of rooms facing 25th St. or the courtyard that are quiet. The guys at the desk were very laid back yet proficient and they let me tour several rooms which I photographed as well as the halls and stairways. And the cat was always waiting for me on top of the stairs when I came home at night to the hotel! When people now look at my pictures of NYC, they're more interested in the photos of the rooms and cat than anything else! To end, let me just say, that when you return to the Carlton at the end of the day, you feel like you are returning to your neighborhood, and there is a certain pride in knowing you have made a wise choice economically and sociologically to get a real feel of what it would be like living in Manhattan that you would definitely not get at the Hilton! Unless you are very picky and can't walk stairs or are allergic to cats, don't think about staying anywhere else in the city....	
Jul 10 2009 	Great value destination in NYC	Stayed 2 nights in early July and this was probably the best cheaper accommodations I've ever experienced in New York. For $80 a night (no taxes), got a surprisingly large room with a double bed and corner view (noise from 3rd Ave at night can get fairly loud, keep in mind). Shared bathrooms were never occupied and kept clean. Staff were very friendly upon check-in and check-out, and I would definitely consider the Carlton Arms again sometime soon.	
May 24 2009 	Great experience I loved it!	Good location, natural food market right across the street, very nice staff and a lovely cat. We could choose a room, and for the view we chose the one on 3rd avenue. Very noisy, but slept well with earplugs.Clean bed and bathroom, would stay definately again the next time!They give you an extra lock for your room, if you stay 7 nights there is a discount and the hotel is like a museum, painted walls everywhere!	
May 19 2009 	please stop the bad reviews!!	We found the Carlton Arms through tripadvisor, but we were also heavily in doubt about the place after reading all the reviews, about cleanliness and the overall rating. But nevertheless gave it a try. We payed 130 usd incl tax per night, for a perfect-sized bedroom with 2 very comfortable twin beds and our own bathroom. And yes people, it's clean. What better deal can you find in NY??? The hotel is very artsy and right next to a university, so the neighbourhood is very safe and pleasant with a big supermarket and dunkin' donuts right across the street. We were in room 11b, facing 3rd avenue, but no problem with noise and we even slept with our windows open. In fact, we sat in the window each morning, in the sun, to enjoy the view, while drinking our coffee and having our breakfast. It does not get any better than that.In short, this place is AWESOME!! Exactly what you expect after visiting their website. Go there, you will have NO problems. You will be very glad that you did.	
Apr 26 2009 	Terrible	This is not artsy hotel, it is a hippy hotel. The bed was comfortable and sheet clean but everything else in the room was downright dirty. Renoving the floor would do miracles in this hotel (though it is rather a hostal).The price of the room, 80 dollars, is actually rather expensive keeping in mind that what you get is not much.	
Apr 23 2009 	very cool very comfortable great price but don't expect the Hilton...	I've been to the Carlton several times in the past three years and it's a great place to go - it's never the same thing twice (unless you ask for a specific room). I go to NYC for the adventure, and part of that is going to places like the Carlton. The place is very clean, people are friendly and location is nothing short of amazing (it's not right downtown, but the subway is nearby) and the area is safe. I've gone about 4 times as a solo traveller and twice with my boyfriend and never once were we disappointed.If you are looking for a high class hotel, this is not it. It's not the Hilton or even a Comfort in, but why would you go to New York to stay in the hotel all the time? The price is more than right, and for what you are paying, it's one of the best buys in city! There are other places around the corner and are 50-100$ more expensive but 10 times more shabby.It's not the most quiet place (the hotel is on the corner of a busy street), but then again, are there many places in New York city that are?	
Apr 19 2009 	Artsy funky hostel-like hotel in safe location	I would recommend the Carlton Arms if you're looking for a hostel-like accommodation with a little more privacy-- $80 is a steal for a private room in midtown Manhattan. Pluses:  - the price - the room and bathroom were quite clean. They provided a towel and soap, and there was a sink with a mirror in the room, as well as a bathroom down the hall.  - All of the rooms are covered with murals. When I checked in, they let me pick among the three that were available.  - 4-5 blocks from the subway, right near Baruch College. I felt safe walking back at night.  -There is a cat who lives in the lobby. Minuses: - As others have mentioned, there was a slightly smoky, musty smell in the hallways (seemed stronger on some floors than others), but I didn't notice it in my room. - cash only, at least for short stays. I had called ahead and been told that they would take my credit card, so I wasn't thrilled that I needed to run out to the ATM upon arrival. Not a big deal, but not a stellar customer service move. On the whole, a positive experience, and I would stay there again.	
Mar 3 2009 	Cool art.	All the walls are painted in cool designs. I personally stayed in room 11C. Highly recommend it. Beautiful. Comfy beds, not a single bug! The rooms are very barebones. No TVs or anything. But it's New York! You're barely gonna be there. Overall I loved the Carlton Arms. It's cheap, in a great location (near a college and several subway stops), by tons of restaurants, and is a wonderful adventure. Will stay here again!	
Mar 2 2009 	Safe fun and very much an adventure	We found the Carlton Arms online while looking for a cheap place to stay for a short NY trip. It is now my favorite NY hotel - what a blast! The location is perfect, the staff extremely friendly and helpful and the rooms are beyond description - it was like living in a museum. We even got to watch one of the artists re-doing one of the rooms. Granted - we knew we were getting bare minimum in the way of amenities, so we opted to pay a little extra for the private bath. The rooms, while older and shabby, were clean and we found no sign of any bugs or critters, and we felt safer there than we had in some of the larger pricier hotels. If you're the kind of traveler that has to have room service, call the Hilton, but If you're looking for an adventure -this is the place for you. A hotel with a great sense of humor- their business card says &quot;Ye Olde Carlton Arms - Where Furniture Goes to Die&quot;.	
Jan 7 2009 	Not a fan	Stayed here for 2 nights mid December with my fiancé. As they didn’t have 5 consecutive night available, we stayed the fist 3 night in NY in “Hotel 17”... We’d better stayed those 2 extra night there as well... Ye Old Carlton Arms is billed as “funky and arty”, well that is exactly what it is. Unfortunately funky and arty apparently don’t mean clean and conformable. We stayed in room 8A (the best option of the 5 rooms they showed us). We found the room with a stained carpet, a disgusting rusty sink (was this part of the “art”?) and a broken light bulb... Tucked in (as this was the only reason to be in the room) and after 15min, a terrible noise kicked in. At fist it seemed as the neighbours were knocking on the wall, but in the end realized it were the tubes of the heating (which is controlled centrally) that were producing this knocking sound. Earplugs came in handy, but the noise was really incredible... Shared bathrooms (one per floor) were OK and in comparison to the room, did look clean...All in all, not a fan of the Ye Old Carlton Arms. It’s in a good location, but if you can find an other place to stay, please do go there.	
Jan 3 2009 	Wonderful curio	The Carlton Arms is no Hilton, if you want a &quot;nice&quot; hotel with neutral decor and all the trimmings then stay well away. The Carlton Arms is an accomodation experience, each room, in fact each cm of the interior has been painted by local artists. To some, this might appear as ugly graffiti, to others (me included) this added for a unique experience. I recall I stayed in room 6c and there was something comforting to wake up surrounded by murals of curious human like characters walking off into the sunset.The hotel staff are very friendly, in fact they let me have a look at all available rooms and choose the one I wanted. This makes sense because each room is unique.The location is brilliant, short walk to Broadway, Empire State, etc. On the down side the rooms do have a bit of a stale smoke smell, which may bother others more than it bothered me.I stayed here as part of a weekend getaway from a Boston work trip. The rest of the time I was in &quot;nice hotels&quot;, the Carlton was far more interesting and memorable...	
Dec 18 2008 	A good value	I'm a 52 year old woman who was in NYC for my first time, alone. The staff at the hotel was very friendly and polite. I picked the hotel for the price and the fact that none of the reviews mention bed bugs, roaches, mice, etc. I was pleased with the hotel because it didn't have any of the afore mentioned varmints. It's not the Ritz, but for the price I didn't expect it. It smelled musty and old and there was only one plug in the room. Obviously, it's an old building. There are better places to stay, but not for this price. I didn't care there was no tv, phone etc. I was only there to sleep. the bed was clean and I rarely had to wait for a bathroom. There are lots of cheap restaurants nearby. I would stay at the Carlton Arms again but I know some of my friends wouldn't. It's funkiness is part of its charm.	
Nov 30 2008 	Very good location but noisy.	The location of the hotel is excellent. Subway stations are nearby (5 - 10 minutes walk to either 23rd or 28th street on park avenue) and many taxicabs drive around on 3rd avenue.And you can find places to get all sorts of food and drinks just about in every surrounding street. This is important because you can't get anything to eat in the hotel.The good location does have a downside though. It's always very noisy both day and night. We had a room on the innerside of the hotel, so we had no direct view on the streets, but still we could hear it very clearly.At first I was afraid that it would be very cold in the hotel, because of the low temperature outside (it was november), but luckily they warmed up the place good. The shared bathroom we had on our floor was good and clean and we almost never had to wait for someoneelse to finish showering.During our stay someone in the building (probably not from the hotel) was banging on the walls at a time which was way too early in the morning. We could also hear everything happening the corridors and neighbouring rooms (footsteps, music, people blowdrying their hair etc), because the roomdoors don't shut well.Although I saw more elder people (above 40) than I expected I would recommend this to youngsters in their 20's, because of the lack of overall comfort. The Carlton Arms is a lot like a hostel, only with more privacy and unfortunately no sort of common room or whatsoever.Furthermore the personnel is nice and the cat is really sweet and curious.Don't expect to get much rest in this place, but it is very good if you want to do a lot in Manhattan which is why most tourists come to NY I think.	
Nov 27 2008 	Colorful and crap	We just returned from a trip around the US and stayed a few nights at this &quot;hotel&quot;. Billed as arty but sparse it certainly fits the bill. For those that appreciate art it may be worth a visit but as for having somewhere to actually stay I'd pick somewhere else. All you get for your $110 a night is a room with a bed and a sink (in our case a rather rusty sink). With it being an arty hotel there's plenty of arty artefacts in the room which never seem to get cleaned and are full of dust everywhere. The bedding and towels provided had stains on them. The shared bathrooms (15 rooms &amp; 1 bathroom per floor) seem to get cleaned only once a day, and the rooms never get cleaned during your stay. There's no room service, no other facilities and not even a TV. All this with the excuse that it's cheap and your in NY afterall! Which apparently means you can skip on facilities normally associated with a hotel and still charge more..To top it all, during one of our nights they decided to switch on the heating during the night, which made the radiator in our room burst out into such an loud array of noises that we both woke up and couldn't get back to sleep, which is really the only thing you are supposed to be able to do in this placeIf this was billed as a hostel it may be more acceptable. The location may be good but The Carlton Arms really didn't add to our enjoyment of New York. As it stands, if you want to enjoy New York on a budget, you're probably better of at a real hostel, such as the Big Apple http://www.tripadvisor.com/Hotel_Review-g60763-d122024-Reviews-Big_Apple_Hostel-New_York_City_New_York.html. or Central Park Hostelhttp://www.tripadvisor.com/Hotel_Review-g60763-d122019-Reviews-Central_Park_Hostel-New_York_City_New_York.htmlAtleast you know what you're paying for..	
Nov 7 2008 	perfect hotel	two days before arriving in ny, they had a room for us!!! good position, cheap, not complicated, clean, funky. if you don't mind sharing bathroom and toilet with other people, taking with you your tongs and not having soundproof windows, it will also be good for you. for this price, you won't find a better hotel in midtown manhattan.	
Jul 29 2008 	"Not Worh It"	My boyfriend and I booked this hotel for an extended weekend getaway based on the unique artsy vibe it portrays on its website. I contacted the hotel 3 months in advance and asked for a sepcific room. i was told that they could not guarntee that particular room, but if I gave them 3 choices they would ensure that one of them was available when we arrived. We arrived around 11pm on a Thurs and found the place easily (the location is great). We were handed our room key and told that there was no service of any type maid, room ,etc -which we had known prior to booking - and that we were pretty much on our own. We walked up to the top floor where our room was located, and were horrfited to find that not only had we not been given any of our room chices, but we had been giving the most hidiously dizzyingly decorated room I have ever seen. Cleanliness was clearly an issue as well. The sink and bathroom were dirty and grimey, as was the whole room in general. We weren't expecting luxury by any means, but we felt that we had seen higher standards of cleanliness in HOSTELS in south america! Anyhow, we didn't spend much time in our room, as hey, its NYC afterall, but I would not be recommending the Carlton Arms to any family or friends.	
Jul 10 2008 	Value Value Value!	I stayed there for 8 nights ending July 8th and it was just what I was looking for. I paid for the 8 nights on our first night to receive a 10% discount and INCLUDING taxes it came to 99 per night. You can't beat that in Manhattan for a clean place to sleep. AND the location is good.Joe's review below kinda sums up how we felt about the place. Get an internal facing room if you can, away from the noise and the sun. We had 10a and it was like the bat cave in there, even at noon. It made for some good sleeping.If/when I head back to NY that's where I'll be staying.	
Jul 6 2008 	Looking for "nice"?	Where the management is friendly and helpful, the cat is curious and the guests are happy! What a find, the Carleton Arms is like a painted lady, you have to stay there to understand, which I highly recommend. If you don't mind the stairs, get a room on the 4th or 5th floor, it's good exercise. It's a place to find friends in passing, and I've become a regular.Each room is idividually painted, as are the hallways. The mattresses are most comfortable. And there are strobe lights in the 24-hour manned lobby on the second floor!	
Jul 2 2008 	This place is a geat value!	It is definitely not for those who insist that a hotel room should be plain and you MUST have your own porcelin throne. For the rest of us common folks (we are two well-paid professionals) the steep walk up the stairs at the end of the day, the shared showers and toilets are minor things to be part of the adventure of NYC. We stayed in roon 12B and I would definitely recommend this room. Not located by a street is a big plus. The A/C worked great and the sink was clean and worked well. If you want to see NYC, then stay here just for the sleeping (why would you spend any more time in your room than needed - this is New York!?!?!). A laid back staff and other people stayting there with the same &quot;let's all get along&quot; mentality was pretty neat. The two pubs right by the place were great to places to end the days/late nights, also.	
Jun 30 2008 	arty and central but don't expect too much	this hotel is a good deal considering its location. the rooms look arty and interesting. however, we did not find the room very clean and there was a lot of noise from outside. wouldn't recommend this if you need some rest...	
May 12 2008 	Loved it! Loved it!	Was in NYC for a semi-annual Broadway show marathon and thought I'd give Carlton Arms a try.Great place.Not fancy but very funky.Clean rooms, nice staff, close to everything.Subway is three blocks away but one can walk to Times Square in 20 minutes. And it's home to the coolest hotel cat anywhere.I will be back!	
Feb 16 2008 	I LOVE the Carlton Arms!	I and two other friends stayed at the Carlton Arms for 10 nights in November and it was a great experience. This was the first visit to the city for my two friends and we just wanted a clean, safe place to sleep as we would be out in the city most of the time. The Carlton Arms fit the bill!Yes it is a bit funky but that is its charm. Close to subway stops on the 6 line and walking distance to the best pub in NYC, McCormack's!The hotel is located right next to a college and we never felt unsafe. For the hotel itself you must either have a key or be buzzed in.The stairs are steep, especially after a long day in the city or with luggage but after the 2nd day you are well used to them.All of the people who work here are amazingly friendly and helpful and the cat who lives in the lobby is a sweetheart. Also, make sure to visit all the floors while you are in the hotel each hallway is an experience.I am planning to visit NYC within the next few months and will definitely stay at the Carlton Arms again!	
Feb 15 2008 	Saved Our WK-End Trip	after being scammed on the internet for a place to stay for our first trip to NYC, my girlfriend &amp; I stayed here on recommendation of a friend. Location was very good. We walked to most everywhere we wanted to see &amp; Cabs were easily available on the corner. The room was funky to say the least, but, no bugs &amp; very clean. We had our own bathroom, so didn't have to use the community one in the hall. Getting luggage up the gorgeous marble steps was hard &amp; heels were out of the question. We also got hot at night &amp; cracked the window. Loved the artwork, the desk clerks were on duty for 24 hrs at a time, we had to ck everyday to see if we could stay another night. If you'd rather spend your money in China Town, this is the place to stay. Best bagles in NYC around the corner &amp; great Pizza close also.	
Jan 25 2008 	Definitely an Adventure but a fun memory!	My best friend and I stayed at this hotel/hostel the weekend of the NYC Marathon when we were desperately seeking affordable accommodations for a last minute trip. You certainly can't beat the price for the location, but it certainly takes an open mind to stay there. As young professionals who have travelled the world, we just took it all in stride and had a good laugh at ourselves as we made ourselves comfy in our &quot;Good vs Evil&quot; room. The stairs were a bit of a workout each day, especially with luggage, and I certainly wouldn't want to spend a romantic weekend here, but my girlfriend and I spent 3 nights here and have no complaints. I do recommend flip flops for the showers and such, but it was clean and bug free and definitely a place to remember! (I found the hotel in the Fodor's guide and certainly think their review was pretty accurate!)	
Jan 14 2008 	best hotel i have ever stayed in!	In May, two of my friends and I decided to take a week- long trip to New York City. We're college students from Alaska and were ready for a very uncomfortable and unfamiliar experience. The Carlton Arms contradicted any fears we could have possibly had about staying in such an unfamiliar place. When I called to make a reservation, a friendly British guy gave us all of the help we needed. Confirming the reservation was also a breeze. When we finally found the hotel ( you can't tell its a hotel from the outside), the nice guy in the office gave us a few different room keys and let us choose which room we liked best. the building is an old one so there is no elevator which sometimes made going back to the room a pain after a long day of walking in the heat but we're young and lived through it easily. the art is awesome and the halls were a lot of fun to explore. the room did not have air conditioning but had big windows and a fire-escape that we frequently hung out on. the bathroom was brand- new and very clean. the hotel is a home to a cat or two who were very friendly and nice to come back to see lying on the chair in the lobby. the door had a pad-lock which scared me a little in the beginning but turned out to work as good as any ol' lock anyway. plus- the building is secure so no worries.the carlton arms is not an average holiday inn or ramada but it's a great price, has no roaches or any other creepy crawlies, is in a great location in midtown, close to the subway and great restaurants, and the only place i would like to stay if i go back to the city. if you're in for personality over unnecessary things like a tv (which you won't be watching anyway if you've got new york city outside your window) then stay here. if you're into luxury and need to be pampered, stick to the Ritz.	
Jan 3 2008 	An Artistic Dream	Just returned from my first stay at the Carlton Arms. I was thoroughly impressed. The staff are friendly, laidback, and very helpful. The rooms are clean, and every room and hall is beautifully decorated. The artists have done such a wonderful job. The website can't do the place justice! You even get your pick of which rooms are left when you arrive!It is a wonderful hotel in a lovely neighbourhood. Plenty of cafes, pubs, restaurants, and convenience stores nearby -- and the subway is two blocks from the door. There is no elevator, but the staircases are so lovely, you wouldn't want to miss the walk up. Though small, everything you need is available. Don't expect the luxuries of a Holiday Inn and you'll be very content with your accomodations. Although most guests are students, artists, or young travelers, the place welcomes anyone and everyone. I will definitely stay here again when I return to NYC. The prices are unbelievably reasonable, and I will recommend the place to everyone!	
Dec 25 2007	Give the Carlton a go!	I find it disturbing to read so many bad things being said about this charming hotel on these pages. I stayed here in December 2007 and, honestly, what can you expect for the price? If you are only paying a fraction of what you would normally pay for accommodation in New York City, should you not expect a few flaws? Myself and my partner found the hotel to be comfortable, a little rough around the edges, but a great base to explore the city. I have to agree, though, the stairs are a killer! The hot water eventually comes through the faucet, it can just take a while to reach you - but it exists - be patient! I found staying at the Carlton Arms to be a fabulously off-beat experience. The artwork in our room (11D) was lovely and grew on me more everyday. The staff were helpful and provided blankets, sheets, towels and soap as we needed them. Staying at this hotel is an adventure at a reasonable price in what can be a very expensive city in which to holiday. Give it a go, people! It's great!	
Dec 21 2007 	Not Quite What They Advertise!	After checking out the hotel on-line, we called to make reservations, which left us feeling some what uneasy at that point, as we were told &quot;ok, call on Dec 1st to confirm&quot;, they didn't what a credit card to confirm! So, on Dec 1st, we called, and low and behold, they had actually remembered our name and still wanted no credit card! The on-line site looked ok, so off we went, but upon arrival, we were again some what nervous. We were given the &quot;three keys&quot; to check three rooms and decide for our selves which we wanted...hard choice, they were all pretty bad! The first, the sink, was gross, with little to no water coming out of the faucets. The second, had a mural of a &quot;man/woman&quot; on the wall, something I really didn't want to look at, and the third room was worse than the first two, so we settled for the first room with the gross sink. The room was hot, with no way to control the heat, so we had to open a window, which was harder than one might think. As for locking the door, that was another issue. At night, we had to place something in front of the door, for fear someone might come in. When not in the room, we were given a pad lock to place on the outside of the door.	
Dec 14 2007 	Not For Us!	We booked this hotel online with great anticipation. It was described as a kind of cheap and cheerful place with a good location. Upon arrival we were given 3 keys to 3 rooms for us to choose from. The first two were run down and grotty. The third, the best of the three which we chose was not great either. There was an offensive smell of cat urine in the hall outside our room. There was a brown stain on the bed and bleech stains on the towels. There was no hot water and the pressure of the shower was non existant. The bedding comprised of one sheet when it was 6 degrees outside. This hotel was not for us and we ended up finding alternative accomodation for our weeks stay in Manhattan. I wouldn't say that the location was fantastic although it was OK. I would not recomend this hotel to any couples who are after a romantic holiday. This hotel would suit students who are used to living in unclean poor accomodation. The safety of the hotel is also suspect. On arrival we were given a pad lock to put on our door when were left the hotl. This did not give us any confidence in the secrurity of the hotel The overall opinion of this hotel is... you get what you pay for - very little!!!	
Nov 18 2007	Carlton Arms Hotel NY. Funky Cheap 	Let me first off say I can imagine this place isn't going to be for everyone. If you like your little luxuries then I don't think this is for you. If you've not got a good sense of adventure, then, again - this may not be for you. On the other hand, if you're looking for somewhere cheap to put your head down for the night, clean, &amp; pretty close to the sights, then consider this.We had a room with private bathroom (most rooms don't have a private bathroom). We had room 1D. It was quite a hike up the stairs with the bags. The decor is crazy (like the whole hotel) but that is its charm. Mind the stairs cos they are a bit worn away. The room isn't huge but I did a lot of research before booking and realised that there doesn't seem to be any such thing as a big room for a budget price.Our room faced East 25th Street. I understand this was quieter then being on 3rd Avenue. It didn't really matter because we were that tired from sight seeing every night I'd of slept through anything.Closet space is a little limited but I guess most people, like us, will only be doing a short break, so it didn't matter too much.The location is handy. There is a cafe place opposite but we went for brekkie at the Sunflower diner on 3rd Avenue (take a left from East 25th Street on 3rd Avenue and cross the road). It's a great diner and the staff are great. There is also a great Indian on 3rd Avenue (take a right from East 25th) called Baluchi's. It's small, intimate and serves some damn fine spicy dishes!The area felt quite safe to us. I say this because we saw the area where another hotel was that we had considered booking and I was glad I had booked here.There is a hotel cat by the way! She spends most the day asleep on her throne chair in the reception area. You have to make sure she doesn't go into your room!Just a quick note on the booking process. I did it direct with the hotel, via the website. I couldn't reserve the room I wanted (piccies are on the website of all rooms) but they said they would reserve a room with bathroom. I could see all available rooms on arrival (which in our case there was only 1 due to the time of arrival). I get the impression they have no shortage of bookings so you need to make sure you keep good email contact so they know you are still coming.All in all, I would recommend this hotel provided that you are not too fussy. It's good fun to stay somewhere with a bit of character and it added to the fun our our New York stay.	
Nov 13 2007 	we've stayed there 3 times..	..and each time it was an adventure. the first time, we were admittedly a bit nervous and not quite sure what i had gotten ourselves into. the water pressure leaves something to be desired, but what can you expect for an old building.  the shared bathrooms are very clean, no bugs, clean linens and an alarm clock, what else do you need?  the staff is helpful and cheery enough. the location is great. yummy pizza, 2 pubs and a noodle house below and a starbux 2 blocks away.  the stairs are a killer! after a long day of walking the staris are the nail in your coffin. if you're looking for quiet..stay away from 3rd ave facing rooms, it's anything but. you're in walking\viewing distance to a lot of NYC landmarks.i'm sure we'll stay there again, unless we win the lottery...	
Oct 18 2007	Expensive weekend in NYC	This place has no respect for reservations. A week before leaving to NYC for the weekend, we made reservations for a room with a private bath and reconfirmed two days in advance. When we arrived, however, no such room was available. Since we had to find another place for the same day, it turned out to be a very expensive weekend.	
Oct 2 2007 	Not bad for the price	We wanted a cheap place to stay in New York so we could spend more money on siteseeing. I booked by emailing the hotel and reserved a room about 2 months ahead. When we arrived, we got to see three different rooms. The first we looked at smelled like cat urine. The second one was nice and roomy but on the top floor. The third room, 7B, smelled a bit like smoke, but was on the second floor and the artwork was pleasant, so we chose that one. Like many other reviews, I found the place pretty clean (a little dusty in places). The best words to describe it are old and gritty. We did not have a private bath, and I dreaded going down to the public bath, but it was kept relatively clean throughout the day.I was glad we chose a room on the second floor because the stairs were tough to navigate after a long day of walking. There were no blankets on the bed, but when we asked for one, they gave us two. Also, we needed an iron and they gladly provided one. We brought a noise machine to sleep with since there is constant honking and noise from the street below. That was a good decision since we were facing the 3rd Ave. side.Overall it wasn't a bad experience. Next time I'll either spend a little more for something nicer or try to get a private bath.	
Aug 10 2007 	Great location helpful staff	Trying to find a nice, cheap with great location in NYC is really a nightmare. We were 3 to travel and one of my friends found out about the place. After having read some reviews, I didn't expect much of it as a lot of them were negative. It is definitely not a 5-star hotel with lots of facilities. Our room wasn't really newly renovated but the hotel is kind of funky (try the common bathroom on the last floor...). Nevertheless, for that price in NYC ( less than $300 for the week per person), I guess it is good value and it is very well located. The staff is very friendly. The last day, I missed my flight....and call them back to get a room. The hotel was full but they managed to get me a place to sleep. Thank god! I wasn't ready to go around town to find a hotel for a relative &quot;good&quot; price. (most hotels were full that week...). As my friends already left 2 nights before, I was alone but stayed most evening with the staff in their tiny office drinking a couple of beers. Don't expect big fancy rooms but anyway, who stays in its bedroom while travelling to NYC??	
Aug 4 2007 	OK For Some... Including me!	If you need a fairly clean/no frills place to sleep, shower and change at a rock bottom price, then this place won't disappoint.A/C in my room worked great and there is a couple small restaurants across the way for breakfast. There are no phones, TVs or maid service in the rooms so it's very simple. I went alone to just see the sights in Manhattan so this place was perfect because I spent very little of my waking hours in my hotel room. The location is almost smack dab in the middle of upper and lower Manhattan and the subway is only a few minutes walk away. Wonderful!!!I wouldn't take my SO there to stay as she prefers things a little more upscale, but for me it was a great deal.I'd stay there again on my next solo trip to NYC. No worries!	
Jul 2 2007 	Great artsy hotel	We stayed two nights at the Carlton Arms. Upon arrival the front desk handed us two keys and told us to pick which room we wanted. Both rooms had a full and a twin bed but the decor was completely different. The room on the second floor seemed to be on a slant so we choose the fourth floor room. The room was big enough for our luggage and laptop. We didn't worry about security since we were given a Master lock to use while we were out of the room. Had a shared bathroom. The fourth floor bathroom had a shower only. Husband used that one while daughter and I went to the third floor to use the tub/shower. The bathrooms were very clean and the floor tile looked new. We never had to wait for a bathroom. After long days and evenings walking around NYC we took our pillows and sat on the fire escape and enjoyed some cold beer (there is a grocery store kiddy corner). Besides people watching we listened to people singing kareoke across the street. Our room was in the middle of the hotel so we had no street noise at all and our neighbors were fairly quiet. Didn't need the earplugs we brought. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jul 2 2007 	Avoid the noise and you'll be fine	As long as you AVOID rooms that face the busy street outside, you'll be fine.You can't book a room before you get there, but you can have a look at what's available. Don't worry if the room's view is of an ally, it'll be quiet and let you sleep - and for the price of the room, you don't really deserve to look at anything interesting, do you?I moved from a 3rd ave. facing room on my first sleepless night and had no problems after that...The hotel's a lot of fun, but don't plan to spend much time there...The location is excellent, a few minutes walk to the subway, close to cafes and sites in Gramercy and down to Union Square.There's only one shared bathroom per floor - so get in quick in the morning...	
Jun 30 2007	Completely laid back. Loved it.	I went to The Carlton Arms with my boyfriend, my uncle and his girlfriend.First of all, they have to buzz you in off the street which made me feel a bit safer. We went up and they gave us the keys to 3 rooms to check out. I picked a room on the first floor (9A) while my uncle and his girlfriend chose one on the 4th floor (5D) They have air conditioners in all of the rooms and ours was already on, which was nice since it's the summer. I liked the fact that you could choose a room with the artwork of your choice. It's a really cool idea.We got a room with a bathroom but the water pressure was better in the hallway so I took showers out there. I never had to wait to take a shower and it was very clean. It was the same case with the hall bathroom. It's an older building so if you're expecting a spotless hotel, this probably isn't the one for you. But it was completely fine for me and the other people in my party.The atmosphere of the hotel is really laid back and quiet. I have absolutely no complaints about the noise level, and my window even faced the street. The only complaint I can think of us that they do not have TVs in the rooms. So if you're expecting to hang out in your room a lot, you might want to try another hotel. But since it's New York, that probably isn't a problem. All in all, I loved my stay there and I would definitely go back. I would love to check out the artwork in other rooms.	
May 16 2007 	Good Times at the Carlton Arms	I'll reiterate what other reviewers have said...if you're a laid back person who has lived in an old apartment at some point of your life, nothing will be a surprise here. A few rust stains around the drains, creaky uneven floors, doors that need a little extra shoulder shove to close all the way. If you can handle that, you can handle this place. No signs of bedbugs (phew).Stayed here for 5 nights in early May. We were in 6B, up a couple flights of stairs. The art in the room wasn't really our style (kind of a 90's jungle motif), but it wasn't offensive either. Room and bathroom were totally clean. Never had to wait for the shared bathroom for more than about 30 seconds. We were right on the corner of 3rd and 25th; lots of streetnoise for sure but we slept fine with earplugs. Great people-watching view from the second floor. Windows open wide enough to get some air. Hallway has access to fire escape; great place to sit and have a beer at the end of the night. Lots of subway lines within a few blocks; go down to 23rd and head west, and you'll pass the line that goes through the upper east side to the Bronx and down to Coney Island. Keep walking and you'll pass the line that goes along Broadway past times square. A little further and then you'll pass the line that goes to the upper west side. Got new towels when we asked for them; also they had a blow drier and an iron to borrow (everything a girl could want). Matress was firm, and clean (trust me I looked). Staff were helpful and honest with reccommendations and tips.The more we talked to people about where we were staying, the more it sunk in as to what a good deal we had gotten; $99/night including all taxes. Some people's jaws dropped open when we told them that! In the interests of writing a complete report, I'll include that on the night before we left, in the sink, I saw once cockroach, less than a centimetre long. After meeting the bottom of my boyfriends shoe, down the drain it went. I have no idea what that means about this place, but I can say that it didn't impact our stay at all, and I would definately stay at Carlton Arms again.	
May 1 2007 	Absolutely okay	The hotel trully worths its (low) price.The room was clean(5B) and the whole thing was above my expectations.Altough the window isn't soundproof but after the first night it was okay.The hotel is in a very safe area,and the subway is just 5 mins of walk..	
Apr 10 2007 	Dirt cheap and no bedbugs yay!!!	I love this hotel. The price is unbelievable for NY and it was not overly difficult to get a reservation on somewhat short notice. What a wonderful funky place. I was given the choice of 2 rooms when I arrived, and chose the one facing 3rd Ave rather than the one facing the interior courtyard which is dark and has a large A/C unit running. My room was decorated with an elementary school theme, and was predominantly yellow, very cheery. I had a double bed with blanket, and another blanket in the closet (the nice guy at the front desk told me to ask if I needed more). Room had a small sink and a child's desk and chair. No closet. Bathroom in hall was clean and pretty, shower room was clean. Hot water and pressure were fine. So here's the deal: if you are a business traveler or older traveler,I would not recommend this place (no elevator or extra amenities). But if you are an adventurous type who wants/needs to save money, I can't recommend it highly enough! Reasonably clean, no bedbugs (as ofOct. '06), safe, centrally located, and cheap! Not to mention eccentric! PS if you are noise-sensitive, please bring earplugs. Thisis NYC, people!	
Apr 9 2007 	Very Good Deal in NY	We were there end of march and found it very nice. Different from the usual hotels, very cosy place with friendly and helpful staff. Reasonable size room and bathroom, recently refurbished (room 5B). Very central (walking distance to some important NY spots) also just 2 blocks away from the subway. In addition, on the 3rd Ave there are quite a few bars and good restaurants.I would recommend the Carlton to friends and certainly go back!	
Jan 29 2007 	Laid-back and bohemian	I have only ever stayed at Ye Olde Carlton Arms when I've been to New York. A couple of friends and I found it by accident, and -honestly- pure luck. The place is great if you're on a budget, and when in the Big Apple, who's not? It's bohemian and eccentric. Not for people who prefer cookie cutter asceptic environments. But if you're laid-back, artsy or just cheap, then I strongly recommend the CA. The location is great: in Manhattan, close to mid-town but not unpleasantly &quot;in it&quot;. If you're sensitive about noise, and it's summer, avoid windows facing 3rd Avenue or on the landings. It's best to have a roll-with-it attitude when staying at the CA. They don't guarantee particulars rooms, and it's easier to make a reservation if ýou don't mind a shared bathroom (they're clean and just as original as the rooms and hallways). But of course, this attitude goes both ways, and the staff are exceptionally easy-going, will store your suitcases, change reservations at the last minute and suggest &quot;real&quot; places to hang out in NY, not your average concierge service.There's internet, on their computers. They provide minimal ammenities, such as paper cups, soap and towels. Rooms have alarm clocks. Staff can provide extra blankets. The lobby has lots of travel guides and other reading material, like novels.	
Jan 14 2007	Youpiiiiii I Like It And Will Go Back Soon	This hotel was incredible, flashy, experimental, staying there was fabulous, for 20 days, we had to sleep in the scary room (11c), but now, she's got a new style!!!We reserved this room without no problem, a private bathroom, two beds really good, and the area was really good!!!This is situated near of D'Agostino supermarket, near Lyrics Diner, where waiters are really friendly, the most important, is the situation, you have the Madison Square Park near of there, with, of course, their squirrels (friendly too).There's also the Metro station, two paths from your Carlton Arms!When you'll visit NY, please, go to the Carlton Arms, don't be excited by the &quot;luxury style&quot; of others hotels, they're too expensive, too usual, and it will cost you too much (remember that NY City is one of the most expensive !!!)Whatever, when you'll arrive with your luggages at The Carlton Arms, you'll probably hear someone playing Guitar or singing, that's normal, and, oh, don't walk on the tail of Charly, the friendly cat of the home!!!CARLTON ARMS, the best experience of NY	
Nov 7 2006 	Certainly with character!	My friends and I stayed there for 5 nights as we were over for Halloween and were looking for somewhere to stay with a bit of character, well located, not too expensive and that could accomodate 3 people per room. Booking process was easy (phone call, no advance payment required). We turned up at 3am and got the last room available.We asked if we could change in the morning and the friendly staff gave us the keys to 4 rooms so we coud have a browse and choose our favorite.OK, so it's not 5-stars luxury, but it's clean overall (although it certainly wouldn't pass an army guy with white gloves inspection!), the staff is friendly and laid-back.The room isn't cleaned everyday if you booked a few nights' stay, unless you ask, same goes for towels and bedding. Hot water is a bit temperamental, although they were having problems with the boiler when we were there, but the engineers were called immediately.We were pleased with our stay and I would certainly recommend it! Great value for money in Manhattan if what you're after is somewhere to leave your bags, sleep etc. Not the place for a romantic break and evenings in watching TV (none in the rooms).	
Oct 30 2006	Noisy hole	We spent a whole week in the hotel last September and it was a terrible experience.We did the reservation on the phone and had to confirm 2 weeks before arrival, and we did. Unfortunately, they didn't seem to have recorded our booking, and they needed half an hour to be able to give us a key.Actually we had the choice between 3 rooms: the first one gave directly on a huge 24/7 ultra noisy ventilation system. Forget it. The two others were both smelly (ALL rooms are so), dark and kindof depressing, and, above all, were right on the corner of 25th and 3rd Ave, which is a very very very noisy spot, even in the middle of the night (irish pub + massive traffic + roadworks, etc...).The least we can say about those room is that they are NOT soundproof AT ALL. It's even a bit like you slept directly on the sidewalk. Of course, it's NY, you walk 14h a day so you are exhausted and knocked out, but after a few days, it really starts to drive you crazy.Besides, I was suprised to see that 99% of comments forgot to highlight that noone will come to clean up your room, that most rooms were stinky and 9m² large, that the shared bathroom are permanently occupied, that most visitors come here for a one night stand (with the associate noise).**Maybe** my opinion would have been totally different if we had a room directly on the 25thrd with included bathroom. But if you're in the corner and that you need calm to sleep, you're &quot;dead&quot;.Yes, of course I know it's &quot;cheap&quot; for NYC, but look well: if you book faaaar in advance, you really can find better for the same prices.	
Oct 11 2006	Shabby chic	Honestly, I was a little apprehensive about staying here. But what a fab little gem of a hotel!! Friendly and helpful staff, very safe and secure and wonderfully eccentric. Not far from Madison Square and subway into the Village. Rooms are clean but shabby - bathroom on the first floor was fine. Not sure whether it would be that comfy in the summer - it was very warm in spring and there is a loud bar under some of the rooms. Realy good value considering it's location. Definitely want to come back and stay next autumn - plus they have two really cute cats!!	
Oct 6 2006 	Very nice hotel for the price	We stayed in the Carlton Arms 6 nights in September and we were very happy with it!We are a young french couple and we found this hotel on tripadvisor! We had a room on the first floor with a shared bathroom for 87$ per night. I never have to wait more than 3 minutes to get into the bathroom, we had a nice view on 3rd Avenue. We walk every to Starbuck for the breakfast, so easy!The subway is very close and the hotel is safe, clean. Internet is availble on the lobby for 1$ for 5 minutes.I will recommand this hotel for travellers who spend most of the time in the city than in the hotel room.Vive le Cartlon Arms!	
Oct 3 2006 	I wanted to give it a higher rating but...	there were ups and downs with this place. Overall, I *think* I'd stay here again but the main issue was the water pressure, it was so low the shower could barely come on. It took about 40 minutes to get 6&quot; of water in the tub (I'm not exaggerating). It was luke warm at best. I think it may be because we were on the top floor (room 4D). It was nice to have a private bathroom but the lack of shower really started to wear on me as the New York grime built up over the week. We did ask them to fix it but I never noticed a difference. We probably could have switched rooms but it seemed like a hastle and we were out about 16 hours a day anyway. There was also no bathroom door and heavy dust build up behind the funiture and in the closet. Okay, on the positive side, the place is dirt cheap and in a great location. It was quiet and safe. I loved the art and felt very comfortable. The bed and blankets were great. I didn't mind the walk up and I brought a radio so that was fine. I must say I'll never underestimate the importance of a good shower again, so I recommend checking before you settle on your room!	
Oct 1 2006 	Good hotel for a good price	Me and my wife stayed in this hotel for 5 nights (september 19 till 24) and we have enjoyed this hotel very much. This hotel is located very well it is between midtown (times square and 5th avenue shopping distirict), other interesting sites (soho, chinatown etc) and a sort distance from Flatiron. There are a lot of places in the area were you can have a nice breakfast. A hotel is the most unimportant thing if you are in New York, you don't want to spent a lot of hours in your hotelroom if you are in the city that never sleeps, so you don't want to spent a lot of money. This is the place were you spent 101 Dollar (including tax) for a 2 bedroom, which is clean, has good beds, has a lot of space (20 m2) and a clean showerarea! If I go back to New York I will go back to this hotel again. Don't expect a Meridien, Sheraton or a Sofitel, but if you compare it to other * or ** hotels it the best in its class!!!!!!!	
Aug 7 2006 	Good deal in NYC	Spend a full week at the Carlton Arms. The 1-week special rate is very attractive compared to other hotels/hostels in the city. My friend and I stayed in a room with an ensuite bathroom, which is definitely recommendable when staying during the very hot summer period where a single shower a day is simply not enough. All rooms have a/c, which is an absolute necessity in July/August!Other reviewers have commented on the decor, so I'll just recommend to have a look at their website for pictures etc. My only note would be that the whole &quot;art project&quot; idea seems more like an excuse to not renovate the place. However, if they ever decided to do so I'm sure the rates would go up as well.Hallways and rooms were clean. There's no house cleaning once you've checked into your room, but clean linen and towels could be found in the lobby area.Pros: attractive rates, good location for exploring both uptown and lower Manhattan. Chelsea is within 15 minutes walking distance. Friendly staff. Surprisingly quiet considering the 'hostel-like' rates.Cons: No TV or spacious lobby area, which makes the hotel 'a place to sleep' and nothing else. Noisy a/c. Water took forever to get warm in the shower.We would most likely stay at the Carlton Arms again.	
Aug 2 2006 	No complaints	I stayed here two weeks ago and have got no complaints. The place was rickety but clean. The air con was a nice surprise as I was not expecting it. I never saw the cats ( thank god) and the art i could take or leave.My room was big, on the first floor (9b) and I had my own bathroom for $87 a night so I was happy. I stayed midweek which is maybe why i got that rate.Great location and very helpful staff. All in all I would recommend it providing you are not expecting the Ritz.	
Jul 27 2006 	Bang for buck	Was there last week, and it was great, considering my sister and I only paid $87--taxes included. Sure, it's cramped and we had to share a bathroom with an entire floor full of rooms, and there was no TV or WiFi, but we didn't care. After full days on the city, by the time we got back to our room we just showered and crashed hard. Yeah, you have to give a little. It's a walk-up, and we had to lug ourselves and our stuff up three floors. We managed to get a choice of rooms, so we didn't have to share a bed--that was nice. Also, the air conditoning was on full blast when we got there. The cold air was entirely welcomed, since it was 95 degrees outside. We had no problem with power overloads or fluctuating water temperature. It was really pretty quiet, too, so that was great. I rarely heard anything from the other people on our floor except when they were actually in the halls.Location was great, too. We got a cab from Penn Station and it was less than $10 in weekday rush hour traffic. The 6 train is two blocks south and two blocks west, and from there you can get anywhere. There are lots of restaurants around, of course. I recommend the Hidden City Cafe on 23rd. It's on your way to the 6 train station, and food's great and really inexpensive. A few things to know in advance:In our room, there was only 1 free electrical outlet. Between us we had two computers, two phones and a digital camera to charge, and, of course, a blowdryer. We are girls. I suggest packing a little power extension for use in the day when you'll be out of the room, or overnight, for charging stuff if you're like us. No stable WiFi. I was able to get into someone's connection by putting my iBook on my knee and raising my leg up a bit (I needed to check my mail for work). Baruch College is across the street, and I went to get guest access but I couldn't. There are, of course, cafes and hotels around with WiFi, so it's no problem if you really need it. There are cats. I'm super allergic, but I knew that there were cats in the building so I took my medication with me, but I didn't have to take it the whole time. Apparently the cats occasionally get into some of the rooms, so just be cautious of that.In all, it's a great place, the staff is awesome, it's cheap but welcoming, and I'll definitely stay there again. And I'm not even into the art.	
Mar 15 2006	Kinda like home	My Boyfriend and i stayed here in mid January. When we arrived i knew instantly that we would like it. There were two cats asleep in the foyer... We were given a choice between the eurovision and unicorn rooms. We choose the eurovision one... It had 2 double beds and a private bathroom. While the hotel it a bit rickety it has a certain warmth about it... you'll know once you stay there. It was clean and warm. It is close the the subway and to quite a few places to eat from takeaway to dine in curry places. We would stay here again!	
Feb 20 2006	better than expected	I read reviews about the hotel and I also visited their website (----), so I had an idea of what to expect.It is an old, rather rickety hotel with uneven hallways and hissing radiators. The art throughout the hotel is great! After my choice of 4 rooms, I picked 3B. It's not the most exciting room compared to the others, but it was the coziest of the four. It was very warm upon arrival; that's not a complaint. I was able to turn the radiator down and open the window to accomodate the other guest. Getting the radiator just right with the window cracked made for a perfect room temperature. The room showed age, but everything was clean; though the sink was stained and the carpet thin. 3B is a room that sleeps three. I found the queen bed to be uncomfortable, but the twin was just fine. As with all the rooms, there is no t.v. or radio. But if you're in your room long enough to actually watch a movie, bring a laptop with dvd/cd player and you'll be set. Our room was right next to a bathroom which was nice since there weren't many people staying on our floor. The shower in the bathroom next to us was a joke - a slight trickle that never did get even the slightest bit warm. However, the shower down the hall that is *great* (and unusual!) if you allow time for the water to heat up. Again, the building is *very* old, so that's to be expected. The hotel staff was *very* accomodating. It seems that we questioned the staff to death. If they were bothered (which I'm sure they were -haha!), they didn't let it show. It's been said before but I'll say it again: Who goes to NYC and spends time in their hotel room other than to sleep? Carlton Arms is no frills and you get what you pay for. With that being said, it's *the* best deal in NYC.I will stay there again.	
Dec 28 2005	Cheap clean quiet	I stayed for 2 nights in Room 8B (no private bath). I liked the art: the lighted masks glaring down at the bed were a fun nightlight, but the slideshow had been disconnected. I arrived the first day of the transit strike, and the front desk guy allowed me to check in before the usual check-in time so I could be on my way. I was given two rooms to choose from, though I suppose I could've looked at more had I asked. The room, shower, and shower/bath on my floor were clean. The room was so warm when I arrived that the window was open. There was an old and noisy radiator which, when it was going full blast, required the window be opened, and when it seemed completely off the room still remained warm. The water pressure in the room's sink was iffy: there seemed to be air in the pipes and the hot water faucet had to be primed a few times to maybe produce water faster than a trickle. The cold water faucet produced a fast trickle. I don't know how many other guests there were, but I was pleased with how quiet the place was. Overall I'd rate it adequate or better as it was clean, quiet and cheap and in a convenient neighborhood for me.	
Dec 15 2005	Yikes	I was excited about the hotel, the idea of it, etc. We walked in and were instantly happy with it. We were given a choice of 3 rooms. We checked all three, and chose the one that seemed best. We put our stuff down and left the hotel. We came back in the evening to get ready for a show and upon entering; I was immediately overwhelmed by the smell of urine. I went down the hall to the restroom (shared by quite a few other rooms) and when I returned, my boyfriend said, “do NOT open that closet!” Apparently, that’s where the smell came from. He said it smelled as though several people had gotten tired of waiting for the restroom down the hall, and had used the closet instead.The sheets on the bed also had what looked to be a mold stain on them. They were washed, but honestly! The last morning, I went upstairs to use the bathroom and there were rooms being cleaned with doors open. The other rooms all looked pretty good. Skip 2C.Actually, skip the whole floor.	
Sep 19 2005	Fortune favours the brave	The Carlton Arms is not for the faint hearted. It's old and rickety - very rickety - and services are minimal. Holiday Inn it ain't. BUT - if you value character and a real creative atmosphere more than a new carpet, you should go for it. The entire hotel has been decorated by artists - each room is different, and when you arrive, you will be given a keys to all the vacant rooms so can choose the artwork that appeals most. There's no houskeeping - you get your own towels and linens etc. from the always-open cupboard, and the vacuum cleaner is available every day - so you can be as houseproud or as slobby as you choose. Towels and linens are clean and new. Shared bathrooms are kept very clean. There are two computers with interent access, cheap to use. Two fat, sleepy cats add character to the lobby. Although the place was mostly full of cheery European youngsters, it was surprisingly quiet and restful. Location is fantastic, a stone's throw from Grammercy Park and plenty of late-night bars. It's a genuine one-off, and a phenomenal bargain. I'd stay there again.	
Jun 30 2005	get the book on the carlton arms!	they even got a book published on the each room of the hotel. the artist Nathalie Daoust lived in each room. crazy!its great. and the hotel is also fantastic!	
Jun 19 2005	An acquired taste	The Carlton Arms is a fun hotel for college students on a budget, if they will only be in the hotel to sleep. With these conditions: If you don't mind sleeping in a dirty room, you don't mind the damp dank smell of paint that never dries, and you don't want to take a shower (you have to be a strong soul to get naked in one of these rooms or bathrooms). Good location, pretty safe... just kind of gross. Some of the rooms are worse than others, and you can't request what room you want when you make reservations. Artwork: Some of the rooms are pretty, cool, or interesting, and some are down right nasty or disturbing (none are clean).	
May 27 2005	Getting dirtier but still totally unique	We have stayed here a number of times because of the inexpensive room, love of the hotel staff/live-in cat and coolness of other guest, but this time it was unusually dirty. The garden-eque room was really stinky and the black and white photo room should really be a closet and needs a fan or something! I really loved the cartoon jungle suite in the past, but I wouldn't recommend the death and destruction themed rooms---a little too artsy/scary. Great location for seeing Manhattan and very inexpensive.	
May 10 2005	Fantastic Budget Hotel!	We stayed at the Carlton Arms for 3 nights in May, 2005. We paid $85 per night, including taxes, for a room with a shared bathroom. The moment we walked in the door we knew it was going to be a great place to stay. Every square inch of the hallways and common areas is decorated with really unique artwork, and you just get a really great vibe from the place as soon as you walk in. There are also two really cute cats who hang out in the lobby. We arrived quite early in the morning and we were given two options: take one of the two rooms that was available (with not-so-great art) or store our bags, go to the diner around the corner for breakfast, and come back around 11 or 11:30 (check-out time) to have a greater selection of rooms. We wanted a room with really nice art, so we decided to wait. We ended up with room 15D, which wasn't the best artwork, but was good enough. Our room had pictures of old-fashioned Asian lovers (you'll have to look at the pictures to see what I mean) and flowers everywhere. Our room was tiny, but clean. When I say clean, I mean that it was obvious that it had been cleaned, but there was still the kind of grime that is a part of every old building...the kind that doesn't go away after you clean it. That didn't bother us, but some people might not like it. We didn't see any sign of a single insect or roach anywhere. We were sharing a bathroom, but our room had a sink in it, which was nice. The bed was a reasonably comfortable double bed with clean sheets. The room also had a closet, a small dresser (not so clean inside), a chair, and a small shelf...and that's about it! Towels and soap were provided. If we wanted our towels or sheets changed at any time during our stay, we were told to simply ask and it would be done. One last thing about our room - it was on the 4th floor, so it was quite a hike up the stairs after a long day of walking around NYC. However, we had our choice of several rooms and chose this one, as we didn't mind the walk up the stairs. Some less energetic people might not like that, though. In sum, it was a great room for us - small but clean with a comfy bed and unique artwork. Perfect for people who want to come back to the hotel and crash after a long day exploring the city, but someone who likes to spend time in their hotel room probably wouldn't like it (it's a bit cramped, no tv, etc). We didn't have any problems with noise in our room (either from pipes banging or from other guests), although at one point our room did smell smoky, as though someone in the next room was smoking and it came into our room).The bathroom was really clean - you could tell that they cleaned it a lot because the wastepaper basket was almost always empty and it always smelled fresh. The toilet was very clean and there was lots of toilet paper. The shower was clean as well - usually I am grossed out by shared showers but this one was fine. It takes FOREVER for the water to warm up if you are the first to use it in the morning (like 10 minutes, literally) but once it's warm it stays that way and is a nice shower. Our bathroom on the 4th floor (D floor) was really funky - see the photos. I also used the bathrooms on the other floors and they were clean as well. We didn't have to wait much to use the bathrooms, but if it is occupied and you don't want to wait, it is easy enough to go to a different floor. There are 4 floors, each painted/decorated with a different theme. Take the time to wander around the hotel and take it all in. It's great! Of all the areas of the hotel, the hallways tend to be a bit dirty - they could definitely use a good vacuuming. Didn't bother us, though - it wasn't that bad.The people who worked in the hotel were friendly and very helpful. We pestered them with all kinds of questions about where to eat, which train to take to get to various places, how does one get the subway to the airport, etc. and they were happy to help with everything. There is internet available in the lobby ($1 for 5 minutes), which was really helpful for us. There are also 2 payphones in the lobby.The hotel is in a great location. It's right next door to a college and it's in a decent neighborhood, so you feel very safe. It's an easy 2 or 3 block walk to the subway, which takes you anywhere you need to go. There are also a lot of pubs and restaurants in the area.To summarize, we thought the hotel was great. It was very unique and unlike anywhere we've ever stayed (and we've travelled a lot!). However, it is not for everyone. If you are not used to staying at budget hotels, if you are an absolute neat-freak or someone who likes everything shiny and new, if you are offended by somewhat risque artwork, or if you need a phone and a tv in your room and your bed made everyday, this place won't be for you. However, if you are a bit adventurous, not too fussy, appreciative of interesting artwork, and you like the unconventional, this place is definitely for you. We will stay here every time we go to NYC!	
May 8 2005	Fun and Funky!	I had an awesome time at the Carlton Arms. The atmosphere was great and I loved the decor in our room. It was quite poorly lit, though, and not quite as clean as I'd have liked (though definitely better than many hotels). It would also have been nice to have a proper shower rather than a bathtub with a handheld showerhead (but no curtain) The Carlton Arms isn't luxury by any stretch, but for the price I thought it was a great deal. Besides, it's New York - how much time are you really going to spend in your hotel room?	
May 5 2005	Funky and Fresh!	I loved this hotel! We'd read the reviews, so we knew what to expect -- and it was delightful! We ended up staying all the way up on the 4th floor, in 11D. The room is painted like the outside yard of a house in Italy or Provence, and it created a lovely and peaceful atmosphere. Yes, the furniture was funky, and the beds weren't the most confortable ever, but any of that was made up for by the crazy-awesome arty atmosphere.Save your money for shows and eating -- you don't need cable TV or maid service or telephones! The Catlton Arms rules! I'm staying here every time I come to New York.	
Mar 23 2005 	Weird just ok good for the price	We stayed at the Carlton Arms for five nights in March 2005 in room 9C. It was ok, especially at $99 a night (we had a private bath). When we first arrived, the guy who checked us in was kind of rude, but I think he was just having a bad day because later he was fine and even gave us a corkscrew for wine we had bought. There was only one private bath room open, and it had two beds. I had been told that we'd get one with one bed, but they didn't have any. It was ok, though. The room itself was small, but not tiny. The door had several unusable locks, but they gave us a padlock to use when we left the room, and you get a key to the front door too, so you know that people aren't just wandering in. Our sink wasn't in the bathroom and it leaned to the left a little. The pipes banged so loud at night and even though the taxi drivers honking at night didn't wake me up, the pipes did. The shower would go from hot to cold in a second. I think all old buildings have problems like this though. And the stairs... ugh. After a long day of touring, three flights of stairs is hard to do. They don't change linens unless you ask, which was fine with us because you could tell the sheets were freshly cleaned when we got there (the dry cleaner was bringing in bags and bags of clean stuff then also). The people in the room next to us smoked a lot of pot too.The first night we were there, the ceiling over our radiator started to leak pretty badly, but we went down and told the front desk guy and he fixed it right away. It never did it again. I didn't see any bugs or anything like that (probably cause they have cats) and the beds were pretty comfortable. Not having a TV was annoying, especially on the nights we were just too tired to go out.Good things about the hotel:Cute cats in the lobbyGreat atmosphere-- lots of younger people, foreign peopleDecoration was wild and funMost of the front desk guys were really nice and laid backGood location in the city, two blocks up and two blocks east of the 4,5,6 train stop (not much of a walk)Bad things:The pipes and water temp. changesThe stairsNo TV, or phone (except the lobby)Bad lighting over the mirrors, couldn't see to do make-up or shaveCould have been vacuumed more oftenIt was just generally weirdNeeds to be redone-- at least take the unuseable locks off, scrape off some old paint, restaple some fabric to the walls, etc.All summed up, I wouldn't stay here again unless I was desperate and just needed a night or two. After the first couple of days I was craving an elevator and a doorman.We took lots of pictures, so if any of them come out well, I'll post them later.	
Mar 13 2005	for a different experience	If you like 5 stars hotels, like to sleep in beautiful sheets, a brand new bed with marble bathroom: FORGET IT!If you like to live different experiences, to feel AWAY from home, meet a different kind of tourists and don't give a F*** about the hotel: that's your place!Ok, some rooms are old, painted maybe 10 days ago, but it's always weird and fun. And don't forget: you sleep in the middle of Manhattan for much less than the big hotels! And you're away from Times Square which is sometimes a good idea...I sleep there since 10 years now and i was never disapointed. Sometimes less pleased by the decoration, the art in the room, but always smiling at the end...GIve it a try. No hotel like this anywhere else in the world! If so, please tell me!	
Feb 28 2005	Great value for adventurous travelers!	Great place for the money. Small rooms, but clean. Staff was friendly. I would recommend it for anyone looking for a CHEAP place to stay in New York, while not expecting any frills. Instead, it's a fun, adventurous, artsy experience only a couple of blocks from the subway and the best bagels in the city (Ess A Bagel on 21st and 1st).	
Feb 28 2005	It depressed me	Before our trip to New York, I read many good reviews of Carlton Arms Hotel. Now I want to present my opinion. We were there four nights. Carlton Arms Hotel depressed me. It was so awfully dirty and totally out of date. I didn`t expect much, but some kind of style, I suppose. It is easy to say, that this hotel is not for everybody. What does that means? They don´t need to do any housekeeping. They hadn´t even cleaned toilet facilities after previos customers. The rooms door was full of holes, because old locks were taken away. They gave us a padlock and we could lock the door. This kind of place claims to be a hotel. I have travelled on budget all over the world. Maybe this is not the worst place, where I have been, but if so, then it has been in Asia over ten years ago. However there were good beds and no bugs. It is easy to make good websites, but not to run a hotel.	
Jan 19 2005	Like staying a punk rocker's crusty pad.	Only in NYC could a hotel get away with charging $80/night for a complete dumphole. My room, 8B, had an unvaccumed carpet, a sink clogged with hair that had some kind of clear goo in it that I hope to god was Draino but may have been something more sinister, and a mirror on the ceiling. The water in the room's sink (the ONLY sink, as the hall bathrooms have no sinks) ran out of water after 5 minutes of use. To turn on the light, you pulled on a cord dangling from mannequin's crotch. Basically, imagine staying in a cross between the Muppet hotel and the Garment District vintage deparment store in Cambridge MA: some sort of post-hippie punk rock fleabag pad that takes a crummy, rundown place and shilacs it in paint and paraphernalia to try to make it &quot;cool&quot;. Looks like a bunch of artschool college kids got hold of a building and made a hotel out of it. And just like college kids, expect there to be cigarette butts and seediness.Good location. Disgusting place. I suggest you check under the mattress for bed bugs, as this place undoubtably has them.	
Jan 11 2005	A home away from home	I was very dubious at first when I arrived at this hotel because of the unconventional look of the place, but after one night I knew it was for us. We stayed 12 nights there, and you cannot beat the price of this place, and the privacy. If you pay upfront for 7 days they give you a discount too. It was hard making the 4 flights of stairs every day but our room was very quiet and clean with our own bathroom. Had to ask staff for clean towels but that was ok, they are very very friendly. They even let you pick your room as they are all different. Location is great, a couple blocks to the subway, in a safe area. I'm definitely staying here next time I'm in NYC, and I'm telling all my friends to do the same!	
Dec 11 2004	Awesome	My boyfriend and I spent a long weekend at Carlton Arms in October and have only good reviews. The price was perfect at only $240 for 3 nights. We stayed in 6C, with murals painted in warm colors, creating a somewhat romantic feel. While there are rooms with private baths, we opted for just a sink in the room. Besides, it was no problem using the hallway bathrooms...in fact it was fun to explore each of the designs. Lots of great little ethnic restaurants are just a short walk away and the subway is only few blocks in each direction. It is located in the middle of the city, so access to Central Park, Soho, Chinatown, etc are not a problem. The Carlton Arms is certainly not a chain hotel with all the amenities of home, but we appreciated this &quot;something out of the ordinary&quot;. We plan to stay here again in the future; it was clean, affordable, unique, and well-located.	
Dec 3 2004	Definitely unique	I've travelled the world and stayed in a variety of accomodations, but never anywhere quite like this. I stayed at the Carlton Arms last weekend with three friends for three nights. We had a four person room with bathroom. I thought this place was more like a hostel than a hotel, without the daily cleaning services, common room, and kitchen facilities. We stayed in 11D and called it &quot;the garden room&quot;. It had two double beds, a closet, dresser, radio, sink and bathroom with tub/shower and toilet. I noticed an air conditioner in the closet. There was one tiny mirror over the tiny sink that didn't work (we checked the bulb to make sure that was not the problem). It was not good for putting in contacts, putting on makeup, etc. Our room was relatively clean when we arrived but seemed like it hadn't been aired out for years. The hotel is old and has that ground-in dirt feel/smell. Fortunately, there were two windows and a ceiling fan. Upon check in they told us if we wanted clean sheets or towels (or toilet paper, etc.) we had to take them to reception and trade them. Our room was not cleaned while we were there.The artwork is cool and we asked if we could have a look at the empty rooms while we were there. Overall, the international staff were quite friendly. The central location is great for going all over Manhattan and I thought the price was good. You more or less get what you pay for. Our flight left at night. Check out is 11:30am and they have a storage room for luggage. We left our bags for the day and collected them before heading off the the airport. Cab fare for the four of us to La Guardia was $22.My only complaint was the sound of the pipes (and sometimes the condensation from them dripped on the bathroom floor) - the first night it woke me (us), several times. I bought earplugs and it didn't bother me after that.	
Oct 19 2004	LOVE IT	Came to this hotel/hostel on my honeymoon and absolutely loved it. We paid app. $ 500 for a weeks stay (believe it or not in NYC ! ) and got to choose from 4 different rooms whichever style suited us the best. We chose to stay in a classroom themed room with shared bath and toilet in the hall. It was never really a problem getting to use those. No long queues though it seemed the hotel was booked full. The facilities were cleaner than expected from a cheap eastside hotel decorated by artists...... saw only one cockroach and that was when it came in through our open window ! Impressive. Our room had the fireescape right outside which proved a great spot for chilling at night looking out on the traffic and observing New York. I can only recommend this to anybody going to NYC. It had way more charm than a regular hotel, it was nice and clean, the staff was cool and friendly at all times, and the location great. I´m coming back there for sure.	
Aug 18 2004	Surreal Experience	This is only for the adventurous! Basically a youth hostel. Very cool rooms. They let some residents paint and decorate the rooms. Ours was like being in a large shadowbox collage. Nice to visit as an art gallery, but... The whole place smelled so strongly of fresh paint from the moment we walked up the stairs it gaves us a head ache, we never got used to it. The sink in the room had a quarter-sized hole in the drain pipe that let 1/2 the water out on the floor. We could not use the bathroom down the hall the entire time we were there. Everytime we tried to use it there was water pouring down from the ceiling above. For $22/night you'll have a lifetime of stories.	
Jun 11 2004	A (fond) farewell to arms	Granted, I am way hipper than your average tourist, and if you are too....ie you go to soak up the essence of a place rather than to race around trying to see the empire state building and the statue of liberty, Do not miss your chance to stay here. This is where you go to BE a bohemian New Yorker. Get a little dirty, clean up your own mess, and live the downtown life for a while...but only if you'll open your mind and be kind...I may be staying down at the end of the tomb from you and I don't want to share a shower with a bunch of whiners.	
Jun 8 2004	maybe not for everyone but this soccer mom loved it	I'm not sure how I found this hotel, and it took some work convincing my 2 other girlfriends to take a chance on it. It is definitely not for everyone, but if you go in knowing it's not a full service hotel and understanding it'll be a little worn then you will be rewarded with a truly unique stay. I found the staff so warm helpful. Extra towels, tourist questions and even a vacuum (which was only needed cause we were messy)was happily supplied. The rooms and hallways were inspiring, amusing and sometimes wild. The rooms were so cool...and so cold since the air conditioners were awesome. Other guests would often ask to peek in your room just to see more room. We had our own bathroom, but also used the shower down the hall for speed or a strong shower. The rooms are small and 3 girls getting ready could have used a few more outlets and lights, but you can get those at any Howard Johson boring hotel . I suppose that one must be a little flexible and strong legged (we were on the 5th floor) but if you want a fun , way affordable and funky stay then this is the place for you. My girlfriends and I (all almost 40) come to NYC every year, and have vowed to try someplace new everytime, but this place changed everyones mind and we will definitely stay here again. 	
May 28 2004	Pack light for the Carlton Arms	We had a great time staying there. Felt like we'd traveled back to the 60's. Including that the hotel was a little funkier than we'd imagined. We stayed in a room with a bathroom, and it had a great big old bathtub with feet, but for those who prefer showering, there was a rubber hose and not much water pressure. I'd recommend just bringing a backpack, and no heavy suitcases. There is no elevator, the hotels starts up one floor and has five floors. 	
Dec 16 2003	It's not an Hotel	IÂ´ve been in the hotel last week for 9 days...itÂ´s not an hotel, it has not facilities ( not existant), no cleaning into the rooms...nothing. ItÂ´s original but is only a rooms renting thatÂ´s all. On the other side, the staff is great and itÂ´s cheap. It needs an urgent remodelation.	
Nov 20 2003	Unusual NYC Experience	On the positive side, this place has a excellent address. Its location is ideal to experience New York City life, and the staff was both helpful and cheerful. Guests should, however, not expect any frills. The rooms were spartan: no TV or phone and the linens/towels were changed only upon request. Anyone expecting standard hotel cleanliness should bring their own cleaning agents for the bathtubs.	
Oct 14 2003	Strange Days		
Sep 12 2003	No frills great for the price		
Jun 20 2003	Funky bad and UNUSUAL		
Apr 22 2003	Best Hotel Ever!		
Apr 9 2003	Funky fun 		
Apr 7 2003	Carlton Arms Hotel Is A Stunner!		
Mar 14 2003	Loved it. Our room had a naked man collage on the wall		
Feb 26 2003	Great Idea...		
Oct 27 2002	A Walk on the Wild Side		
Feb 26 2002	fun experience friendly place		
Sep 3 2009 	genial		
Aug 25 2009 	hotel vieillissant		
Aug 13 2009 	un sitio mágico que da miedo		
Jul 29 2009 	Original bien placé mais services minimums		
Jul 20 2009 	Parfait pour les backpackers		
Jan 21 2009 	Genial !!!! único!		
Dec 30 2008 	Sporco sporco sporco		
Aug 18 2008 	Ser original a buen precio		
Aug 2 2008 	Etwas wackelig aber genial		
Mar 31 2008 	Grande déception		
Nov 30 2007 	Adatto ai viaggiatori low cost		
Sep 26 2007 	Che strambo quest'hotel!!!		
Sep 25 2007 	Pittoresco..		
May 25 2007 	excellente surprise		
Mar 8 2007 	Low Budget aber nett und gemütlich		
Mar 1 2007 	Correct mais surchauffé et bruyant le soir		
