	Perfect boutique hotel in NYC	Hotel is quiet, streets are quiet at night. But hotel is close to pretty much everywhere you'll want to go. Short walk to Bryant Park, Grand Central Station. A little longer walk or short subway or cab ride to Rockefeller Center, Central Park and the Lower East Side. Rooms were pleasant with enough room to move around, leave luggage on floor, put things away, etc. Windows actually opened which was a nice touch that few hotels offer. Was able to easily open window to get a little cool air while packing. Beds were comfortable with lots of extra pillows; both sides of bed had little tables and lamps. Hotel decor happened to be exactly our style with bright colors; made everything feel more cheery. Excellent breakfast buffet at a reasonable price for NYC. No complaints. Staff all friendly and helpful. They seemed to have a brief problem with heat. At least that's what we were told when they delivered a space heater BEFORE we noticed any problem. Never needed to use it. Heat worked fine just a few hours later. Also nice that we found a superb rate on Kayak. They offer parking at a very reasonable rate for Manhattan, but we didn't even need to use it. Got great advice about where to park car to get free parking spaces within 2 blocks of hotel on weekdays and weekend. Don't know if we'll ever be able to afford the hotel again, but I'd love to go back.	
	Small rooms yes but very comfortable.	I went to New York City for the third time this October with my mom and great aunt. I am a teenager, and have quite a bit of travel experience. Saying this, the Roger Williams hotel was our second hotel in one trip. We switched two days after staying in the Novotel. When we arrived to Roger Williams, I was kind of concerned about the location (we were just in a location off of times square), and didn't know what was nearby. Once we walked into the hotel I was very impressed. It was exactly like the website had shown(sometimes the websites are a bit improved), very comfortable feel, with warm lighting. I was pleased the entire stay. Yes, the hotel rooms are very small, but compared to my last hotel I didn't mind. The hallways were colourful, and the room was white with colours. The bathroom was quite small, yes, and the lighting in it wasn't the best. But I still liked it. It was very modern, and very comfy. The shower leaked over the floor, because they had a detachable shower head and the over-head one didn't work. The veiw wasn't the best, and the room service was kind of weird. But still, this was a nice hotel compared to what I left. I look for the feel of safety in a hotel room, and this was guarenteed. Oh, and to add: the beds were amazingly comfy!	
Nov 23 2009 	Hotel is "ordinary" but location is very good	Spent a wonderful weekend in New York city with spouse and adult son. We were a little disappointed with the size of the room and bathroom verses the hotel rates; however we were quite happy about it's location. The service was very good; though we didn't require much other than tourist information; and the staff at the front desk were very helpful in that regard.	
Nov 16 2009 	Disappointed for the cost - Cheaper rate for a reason...	A VERY small room with an even smaller bathroom... What was supposed to be a romantic getaway weekend at a Mid Town Manhattan &quot;Boutique&quot; Hotel was somewhat underwhelming... Did I mention the room was so small you had to go into the hall to change your mind?Bathroom was like an outhouse indoors... No room for anything but toilet paper which we were pleasantly suprised to find there was no additional charge for that... Everything in this Hotel costs extra, so don't be fooled by the cheaper rates.Housekeeping didn't just make their rounds early, but actually walked in on us at 8 Am...Staff were friendly, location was good, not too far from anything. I'd suggest staying where you WANT to be, as opposed to opting for the cheaper on line rate... You get what you pay for in most cases, but not here... We've stayed in nicer mom and pop motels.	
Nov 12 2009 	Nice place if you don't mind sleeping in a sauna	Went to Roger William hotel on the weekend of November 7. It was a balmy 70 degrees in NYC, but a whopping 80 degrees in our 10th floor room. We turned on the air conditioner and cranked it as low as it would go, and then settled in to sleep. My poor 5 year old was sweaty and hot and my husband and I peeled off all the sheets and tried to sleep - to no avail. We couldn't figure out how to open the window either. Turns out, there is no air conditioning in the &quot;winter&quot; and therefore you don't have any control over the temperature in your room unless you wish to make it hotter. We complained and the receptionist only waived an $18 service fee- a service fee we were never told about to begin with. She refused to do anything else to accommodate us. So, if you're thinking about staying, I'd request a low-floor room which MAY be cooler, though I have no first-hand way of knowing. Or, wait until spring.	
Nov 10 2009 	Solid hotel; just be careful with "service fee"	I've stayed here twice for work and once for personal travel. The hotel is nice. It's clean; rooms are smallish (but it is NYC after all); and you can get a decent deal online.Murray Hill is a nice little neighborhood. I like staying here because it's far enough away from Times Square and that whole mess but close to really good Korean and Indian restaurants (Mandangsui is a really good Korean bbq nearby). This is a good boutique hotel that's reasonable and centrally located.That said, *** watch out for $18 &quot;service fee&quot; *** -- this is something they sneak on at the end. It's for &quot;the facilities&quot; -- which means I guess the gym because there's no pool or free business center that I can think of. So basically you're being charged an extra $18 to use the hallways and the elevators. It's kind of bs. Also, the breakfast is not worth $25. I would go to the crepe place a few doors south called Neko or Keno Cafe or something like that. The crepes and omelettes are delicious and a whole lot cheaper than better than the crappy buffet at the hotel.I would recommend this hotel, just keep those two caveats (service fee; breaky) in mind.	
Nov 4 2009 	Underwhelmed	No natural light on the 15th floor (top floor besides PH) with a small, clean room.Decor left a lot to be desired - tried to make it seem chic by putting a big screen in front of a window that looks out to a brick wall with a fluorescent light behind it.Safe was broken - after locking could open by simply turning the handle.Bathroom was clean but a bit on the small side (typical for NY hotel room).Flatscreen TV seemed aged with poor resolution, but maybe I'm just accustomed to higher quality HD.I travel to NY often and would not recommend this hotel and don't plan on staying here again.	
Nov 1 2009 	User friendly small but comfortable	This hotel is well located in Murray Hill. The area is fairly quiet. The room was small but very functionally furnished. At first we were unsure if there was a window as the shoji screens behind the beds hid the window. The color scheme was a little jarring for us. The room was filled with various amenities but most were available for a charge. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Clearly service is a priority here. We did have some difficulty getting a taxi from here but the doorman tried very hard and usually found one within a few minutes. Wireless internet was available in all the rooms and this was a plus. The bathroom was decent size but there was not a lot of privacy as there was a frosted glass door and it was not at all sound proof. If you can get a good rate here I would recommend it although I think there are a lot of other nice hotels in this area.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great location 	My weekend in NY was an unexpectant business trip. But the Roger Williams Hotel made my experience much more pleasurable. It only took me minutes to check-in, and the service is excellent. I simply love this hotel. It's only a few blocks from all of the shopping corridors in Manhattan. The decor has an eclectic feel and very trendy. The hotel lobby and bar is a hidden gem. I spotted two superstars lounging in the area having drinks.I'm staying at this hotel when I return to Manhattan in the future.	
Oct 16 2009 	Trendy boutique hotel with great staff	We stayed here one night at a group rate for a wedding and we were very pleased with our stay. Our room was large for a hotel in NYC. It had a very trendy design to it. The hotel also has a very clean gym with nice equipment. The staff was excellent, and allowed us to check in early. The location is good as it is very close to the subway. King size beds were very comfortable, although I hate those puffy pillows that most hotels have now. Be prepared for a plain cup of coffee that will cost you 3.50. All in all, a lovely hotel that I would recommend	
Oct 12 2009 	Near to Everything But Quiet and Comfortable	We had an extended stay in this hotel for over two weeks' whilst vacationing in NYC from Sydney Australia. The hotel is very convenient to subways, shopping, within easy reach of nightlife, yet the neighbourhood is quiet, even during the day (important for &quot;jet lagged&quot; Aussies who need to catch up with a bit of sleep after a long flight!). The staff are very friendly and the rooms are spotless and smartly decorated. The bed was superbly comfortable. The bathroom was very small but who spends a lot of time there anyway? We don't eat in hotels as we prefer to spend as much of my time outside hotels as possible (exploring the sights),. There are great eating choices around the immediate area including reasonably priced delis and diners (thanks Guy &amp; Gallard &amp; Murry Hill Diner!) a great NY Pizza Restaurant (Vezzo), countless restaurants in 2nd &amp; 3rd Avenue; and the smarter restaurants in Chelsea and Gramercy are within walking distance. The hotel is within walking distance of Central Park and Times Square and other points of interest midtown and downtown. I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyone wishing a high standard of accommodation without completely blowing the budget!	
Oct 8 2009 	Shop 'til you drop then relax in style at the Hotel Roger Williams	I loved the Hotel Roger Williams! The doorman met me at my cab and carried in my bag, and I didn't see it again until I got to my room. The lobby was gorgeous and I could have just stayed there! The people at the front desk were so friendly yet very professional. My room was decorated beautifully and very tastefully--artsy yet warm. I wish I could have stayed much longer. The room was pricey, but it's in midtown Manhattan, so what do you expect? All in all, I would stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Oct 2 2009 	Roger's unique style and service was equal to staying at a small 4 Seasons.	A tip would be to book early, include their wonderful Eourpean breakfast to start your day, relax and let their lovely staff pamper you. Enjoy the location, in the middle of not too old and not to new Manhattan. Surrounded by beautiful architecture and 2 blocks from the Empire State Building. A great choice for our 25th wedding anniversary.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent Midtown Hotel!	Arrived 9AM and was lucky to check in early. Staff is very friendly and accomodating. The breakfast buffet is excellent, many choices, not your typical hotel food. From Caneles to prosciutto to amazing espresso, and for about $20 per person, below average for NY at a boutique hotel. The room size was just right, free WiFi, very comfortable bed and pillows. Will return for sure.	
Sep 26 2009 	Beware UK Travelodge	Unfortunately I cannot give a good review of this hotel as it was not the 4 star hotel I originally had my booking with. Hotel KItano doubled booked us and sent us here advising it was a good hotel and we would be getting a better room.We must have first been allocated the room they give in cases like ours as we had to ask for another room. The 1st room overlooked an outside terrace for guests to sit and smoke at, had standing room for 1 in the shower room, was in a state of disrepair - wood veneer broken off the furniture, no wardrobe and the safe was located at 6ft high. The 2nd room was much better but we could hear the occupants of another using the toilet and the air condtioning unit leaked all over the carpet so we had wet feet. We reported this but they did not dry the carpet and not much was said when we checked out when I mentioned it again. I can concurr the breakfast is really expensive and the breakfast room is also the bar and it's pretty small.If I had wanted a UK Travelodge style hotel this would have been fine but I didn't and it was also a bit futher down from where we were orginally mean't to be staying and lacked bars in the immediate area for a nightcap.Reception area is nice and room was spacious with a comfy bed but that was it for us.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great experience all around!	Stayed at the hotel Roger williams on labour day weekend with friends. Check in was fast and courteous. Within five minutes of getting into the room, we got a phone call from the front desk to ask if everything in the room was alright if we needed anything (This has never happened to me in any hotel i've stayed in). The rooms were excellent, clean and spacious. The location of the hotel was perfect as everything was close by(shops, restaurants etc.).  The front desk and doorman were so helpful in giving recommendations for dinner and even made reservations for us wherever we went. Had a great experience at Primehouse steakhouse as recommended by the hotel staff, and they even gave us a complimentary dessert because the hotel referrred us. Another great recommendation they gave us was a breakfast place around the corner ' Guy &amp; Gallard's', very cheap and great food! Everything about this hotel was a winner including the price, but especially the staff....very friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it.	
Sep 13 2009 	The beds!!!	We spent three nights at the Hotel Roger Williams last weekend. Very nice, trendy hotel. Close enough to our subway station to get us to and from the US Open and Mets Game. Breakfast was a tad pricey but they served a delicious selection. Sausage and eggs, oatmeal, bagels, lox, pastries, good coffee and much more. The main attraction was the bed. 108 x 102 inches of heaven! For people who rarely get a good night's sleep while staying at a hotel, this experience was remarkable. We shocked ourselves at how late we slept in! Staff were very helpful and friendly. Everyone knew their job and did it well.	
Sep 8 2009 	Roger Williams Hotel the centerpiece to a fantastic visit to NYC	My husband and I visited NYC to attend the US Open over Labor Day weekend. I shopped through many online channels to find the best deal at a 4-star property in a good location of Manhattan and I'm very satisfied with our choice. Our guestroom was ready on time and the front desk agent was very friendly and welcoming in a casual, yet efficient manner. At check in, I noticed they had two laptops on the side of the desk available for guest use. At the end of my stay I was able to check into our flight and print boarding passes with ease. Our superior guestroom was designed to match the style of the lobby and service with chic and eclectic touches. Of course it wasn't the largest guestroom I have ever experienced, but definitely within my expectations of NYC. If you are planning your first trip to New York, be prepared for small accommodations. The location was desirably situated between an area with local feel and blocks away from Empire State building. We walked to Herald Square, Grand Central and easily caught subways to Central Park and out to US Open in Queens. When we returned from Queens we were hungry for Pizza and the hotel recommended Vezzo, two blocks away, and was outstanding. We also hit Brother Jimmy's BBQ, again two blocks away, for lunch and was also very good. Our favorite dining experience was yet again two blocks away at Ayza, a wine and chocolate bar. We loved the area. We always like to try different boutique hotels in NYC, but will be hard not to return back to Roger Williams on our next visit. Thanks for a great stay.	
Sep 4 2009 	one of the best boutiques hotel in manhattan	I just spend a few days with my teen son in NYC.It was the second time that I have been to the Roger Williams hotel and it is by far the best boutique hotel for the price that we had.The room was large for NYC standard, spotless,very friendly staff and good breakfast.I usually go to nyc for buisness and I stay at the mercer hotel in Soho. The william rogers is not as luxurious than the Mercer....but with special rates at $ 169/night it cost a third of the price than the mercer and you are not distrured by all the people waiting for the stars that stay at the Mercer.The only problems that I can see it that Soho has a much better restaurants choice than Midtown and more trendy shops.My son loved the kidrobot one!.In short I can only reccomand the Roger as the best hidden pearl in manhattan. Flavio From Geneva	
Sep 1 2009 	Beware the scam charges continue!	As other reviewers have stated this hotel is decent enough and the location is excellent. But the scam daily &quot;service charge&quot; has now gone up to $18 a day! I was shocked that they charged me this even though I booked through Hotwire (very good $158 rate). There really should be a law against this kind of thing.	
Aug 31 2009 	nice hotel but extra hidden fees.	Booked my trip, was very pleased with the price, location, and quality of the hotel. But when i checked in there was an $18 fee for internet and phone service, that was a REQUIRED charge per night. This is not listed on their website in their marketing material. Also, on the site it says &quot;Help-yourself Breakfast Pantry, with complimentary daily newspapers&quot;, but it turns out you have to pay for the breakfast. Not TECHNICALLY wrong, but that is very misleading. Other than that, the hotel is really nice and the staff is very nice, just be aware of what the hotel will really cost.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Place and Location.	Was hesitant to stay here since the rooms looked so small, especially for a 2 bedded room. The room was small but we had absolutely no problems. We had plenty of room for all of our luggage and shopping bags! The only issue we had was the door/wall to the bathroom which are frosted glass...which you couldn't see from the bed area, only if you were next to the bathroom/door. So, after getting used to that, we were fine. There were 4 large pillows, 2 small pillows on each bed. A bench at the end of each bed which we used mainly for our luggage. The window had japenese like screens in front - at the head of the bed which if left closed, gave the room a soft glow, no need for a nightlight. If you wanted it pitch dark, you could always pull down the actual window shade. The location is fantastic, close to shopping (Macys!), not far from Times Square, the subway is close by - the 6 is on 33rd which we used many times...or go to 34st for more subway choices. Cabs were very plentiful in that area. You must use your room key to go up the elevator. Deli's, coffee, restaruants all close by. We ate at the Bella Napoli for pizza one night and down the street a few blocks had Sushi at Sushi Twist. Both were good...ate at Tasty NY for a quick bite in the morning.The hotel staff were the best!. They were always at the door, always greated us warmly - whether they were just passing you in the hall or wherever. Even the maid crew - if you ever saw them in the hall, they were always very nice. What a great impression they made. Loved it! I will definately be back.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Midtown experience...	Spent a long weekend at the Roger Williams this past weekend with my wife and two teenage boys. Great stay overall. The Roger Williams starts to impress you as soon as you walk in the lobby...great looking and decorated with style. Desk personnel were friendly, helpful and eager to please. Bellman were great...quick to open the door or offer assistance. Rooms were New York smallish but very nice. Funky styling and comfortable beds were welcomed after a ton of walking around the city. We had dinner at the hotel lounge one evening and that turned out to be very good...a welcomed and convenient extra.Location is good...a few blocks from the Empire State building, a few blocks from the subway but far enough from Times Square and other craziness. Nighttime was fairly quiet compared to city standards.Overall...nice place, friendly people and a good location.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great spot great service!	This was our first trip to NYC after many attempts to get there. The hotel was clean, quiet and well located. The room was extremely comfortable and homey.The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. We arrived very early, well before check in time but they accomadated us without complaint. There is free internet access for hotel guests in the lobby and the doorman was a nice touch. Great toiletries in the bathroom and lots of room for hanging your clothes and stuff.It was very centrally located, two blocks from the Empire State building. Great and cheap family run breakfast/lunch place across the street as well.	
Jul 27 2009 	The Roger was perfect for us...	I booked the Roger Williams Hotel at the last minute on Hotwire. This is a funky little boutique hotel in a great location. All of the staff were courteous and helpful. IThe room was fine for me and my 5 year old... mostly filled by the king sized bed, but with a good sized flat screen and a decent selection of channels for our evenings in.... no crazy night life with a 5 year old in tow! The bathroom was quite small, but functional and very clean. We really enjoyed the Madison Square Park close by where my son played for hours on two of our days, I am grateful for the front desk for telling me about it. We ate in two restaurants suggested by the staff and both were perfect and within short walking distance from the hotel. Right off I was pleased, as when I asked about parking, I was told that the valet was $60 per night for our SUV, but if we were good w/ walking two blocks we could park for $22 per night w/ hotel validation! that's a pretty significant savings and it was not inconvenient at all... when we picked up the car, it was only $20 per night. Not at all bad for NYC! I would definitely stay at the Roger again and would recommend it to friends and family.	
Jul 6 2009 	Nice choice for East Side adventure	I got a nice rate from their website for a 2 night stay over July 4th weekend. I had a very nice stay! The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was small but average for Manhattan. Clean, comfortable bed and great pillows. Small flat screen TV on adjustable arm. The clock/radio with iPod dock was a nice touch.The only downsides were some wear and tear in the room (scuffed up baseboards, creaky floor, some rusting on shower fixture). I'm not too crazy about the decor. But I'm really nitpicking here. You could find a lot worse in NYC hotels. There is a $18 per day charge for housekeeping/wi-fi/fitness center whether you use it or not. You will feel like your room is a high priced convenience store because of all the goodies and price lists. Don't eat the $4 KitKat. You'll find some great delis, a CVS, and more in the surrounding blocks, so go exploring!My favorite aspect of this hotel was location. Murray Hill is a quiet little neighborhood not too far from the fun midtown central tourist stuff on foot. The hotel is convenient to the 33rd Street subway station so I could easily ride the #6 train up and down the East Side. Great for my subway trips to the Met, Grand Central Terminal, and the Brooklyn Bridge. I would gladly return to the Hotel Roger Williams and recommend it to friends interested in East Side comfort and convenience for sightseeing.	
Jun 25 2009 	This hotel was fine a safe bet for a NYC hotel	I’m staying at this hotel while I write this (The hotel offers free internet!). I’m checking out tomorrow. This is a safe bet for a NYC hotel. It’s central, 2 blocks to the Metro and a 15 minute walk to the largest department store in the world (Macy’s) and a great place for NY style pizza by the slice across the street. I did not choose the hotel, I stayed on a group rate of $199 for a conference that was near by. When I made my reservation I asked for a high floor away from the elevators. When I checked in, they had a room with my preferences but after reading the great tip on a previous Tripadvisor review, I decided to ask for a room with a shower stall instead of the shower/tub combo which I can’t stand. They gave it to me and I went up to see it. The bathroom was really nice, but it had 2 full beds when I wanted only one. The front desk said all the rooms with the shower stall have 2 beds. So I was moved to room 405 which was smaller but has a nice large bed and a flat screen TV (the shower stall room did not). I was worried about being on such a low floor but I couldn’t hear any street noise. It was the noise from inside the hotel that I should have been worried about. The other rooms were a bit noisy, with doors slamming early in the morning. One other thing is that the window coverings are a bit odd. There is a sliding screen in front of the small window which blocks a lot of light, but I guess provides more privacy. Also note, they don’t provide body wash (just soap) and there are no luggage racks in the room (apparently, nor in the entire hotel) so suitcase must be kept on the floor. Safe is also too small for even my tiny laptop. On a positive note, they allowed me a late checkout: 1:30 which was very nice. I agree with other reviewers who said the staff goes out of their way to make you happy. Also, other reviewers complained about all the in-room sales, but I was saved by the offering of $5 toothpaste since I had forgotten mine. Pricey, but worth not having to face my colleagues with morning breath.	
Jun 19 2009 	Couldn't ask for a better hotel in NY	This hotel was great - I loved everything about it, the location , the service and the room. I wanted a hotel with all these attributes and the Roger Williams met all expectations and beyond.! A short walk to major tourist attractions, Will certainly stay here on my next visit to NY	
Jun 19 2009 	Wonderful boutique hotel with very courteous staff	My husband and I just returned from a 2 night birthday stay in this wonderful hotel. I had booked online for a queen bed regular room. However when I was checking in, all I had to do was mention that it was my birthday and the gentleman at the front desk, Eric asked me if we wanted an upgrade. Of course we said yes and he sent us to a penthouse room with a terrace!!The rooms are very bright, colorful, modern and clean. Our terrace had a view of the empire state building. The beds are best described as soft and fluffy as marshmallows. There was nothing the room lacked.Yes, the sink in our bathroom was tiny and there was very little counter space, but everything else in the room made up for that. The doormen couldn't be nicer helping us get cabs, the night clerk Raina was a doll. At 2AM after returning from a full day, I realized I had left my sweater in a diner near lincoln center. She called them for me, she left me a google map under my door the next morning and I retrieved my sweater. She also had the 24 hour deli across the street deliver me two small bottles of water (we only paid $3.50) because the water in the room for sale was a bit expensive.I would definitely stay there again. The park within walking distance is beautiful and the area in general is just great. My sister who lives in Manhatten couldn't believe what a great charming hotel this was. The lobby at night is all lit up with candles and there are all these little cozy places to sit .	
Jun 15 2009 	Lovely comfortable hotel but more money-making than friendly	The room was lovely and I liked the extra touches: the umbrella, the guide book, but what a pity everything is for sale at high prices plus lots of other junk from crisps to shaving kits, so you feel like you're staying in a shop! Extras are expensive e.g. a coffee or breakfast, and the many service charges are a scam as many have said.The staff are very attentive (lots of scurrying to open doors etc) but I didn't feel any real warmth from them. It all felt a bit snooty and catering for people who are wealthier than me.Having said all that, it's a lovely, comfortable hotel, brilliantly placed (near Madison Square Park too, which is fab), quiet and elegant, so I would definitely stay again.Enjoy!	
Jun 10 2009 	Great find in Manhattan!	My friends and I stayed at the Roger Williams Hotel overnight to celebrate my 27th birthday and wouldn't have had it any other way! After hours of searching travel sites and reading reviews I finally chose the Roger. From the pictures and reviews it seemed to be a great find in the middle of Manhattan and just blocks away from great shopping. The hotel was very representative of my personality, it was like staying at someone's trendy home rather than a hotel. The interior design was impeccable and the service was great. The price was also really good too. The cost for one night was $239 and that included valet parking and breakfast for two. I can't wait to stay there again!	
Jun 5 2009 	Quite Possibly My Favorite Hotel in Manhattan	Wow. LOVED the Roger Williams...was in Manhattan for 5 nights in early May and by a happy accident stayed the Roger Williams. I had booked the Ace Hotel and when it didn't open, they relocated me to the Roger Williams for the same bargain price I had booked with the Ace. I have to say that while this was fantastic, now that I've stayed at the Roger, I'm definitely willing to pay more to return!-Staff is incredibly courteous and helpful. The doormen all seemed to make a real effort to remember the guests, as did the front desk staff. Front desk staff VERY helpful to other guests that I observed--with anything from train schedules to restaurant suggestions to setting up car services. I have to say I was a little worried because of the price I was paying to stay at the Roger, but the staff never ONCE made me feel like I didn't belong there...-Rooms are VERY spacious for NY and spotless. The bed was the most comfortable ever, the AC is silent, the windows open (and it's a fairly quiet location), the decor is so stylish, right down to the details-As others have mentioned, the bathroom really was quite small...but hey, you don't really spend that much time in the bathroom, right? I did peek into another room on my floor and noticed that it had a shower instead of a tub...and the bathroom by default seemed larger. If you think this is going to be a problem, ask for a room with a shower. -Free WiFi is great, and though the hotel doesn't have a business center it does have laptops in the lobby that guests can use-Safety: as a single female traveler, this is very important to me. You have to use your room key for the elevator--great touch. And again, the staff seem to know the guests, which is so very helpful-Seems like the crowd that stays here is fairly sophisticated...meaning lots of people on business, so it was usually nice and quiet at night and it was such a welcome treat to not have to deal with the revelers in the City when all I wanted to do was sleepAgain, I can't say enough good things about the Roger Williams. I will most certainly be returning! They get it right!!	
May 29 2009 	Fantastic location although a bit pricey	I travelled for the first time on my own- felt safe walking at night to all the main areas. I wanted to stay somewhere that was walking distance to Broadway and the main shopping areas. A friend recommended this hotel, although the price was a little high I couldn't fault the location, cleanliness or staff. I didn't eat breakfast but did have a meal on a couple of evenings- both were delicious. If I was going to New York again I would be happy to stay here	
May 26 2009 	Hidden service charge- beware!	The hotel itself is fine. The rooms are small but clean and modern. However, when you checkout you will notice on your bill a service charge to clean the rooms. When you are comparing rates for hotel rooms and choosing one based on this rate, it is disingenuous to add on hidden charges. We could have stayed at the W for a few dollars more, had we know about these hidden charges. Also, I felt like I was in a convenience store with all the knicknacks for sale in the small bedroom.	
May 12 2009 	Great Hotel	I stayed here for two nights and had a great experience. The rooms were a good size and the beds were very comfortable. The bathrooms were comparable to what you would find on a cruise ship cabin (i.e. small), so be prepared, but not bad. The staff was very helpful and thumbs up to the doormen who were always there to catch a cab for us when we were wanting to explore the city and then there to open the door for us with smiles on their faces on our way back to the hotel. I did not have the breakfast at the hotel (pretty expensive!) but ventured a few buildings down to the right of the hotel to this quaint little cafe that had fantastic bagels and pastries and a full breakfast menu as well. I liked that the hotel was in a quieter area. It took us about 40 minutes to walk from Times Square to the hotel. It is about a $15 taxi ride to Central Park/Metropolitan Museum of Art from the hotel. The next time I venture back to Manhattan, I will definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Apr 29 2009	Comfy but a little expensive	I chose this hotel because of its location and positive reviews. I paid a bit more than I wanted to but I was attending an event in this neighborhood with my elderly aunt and I just wanted to be sure we had a minimum of difficulty and/or disappointment. I was pretty happy with my choice. The beds in our room were super comfy and the room was clean, cozy, and bright. We would have appreciated a couple more surfaces to put stuff on -- our room had a tiny desk, and a tiny nightstand between the two beds, both of which had hotel stuff on them. I actually ended up re-purposing the ironing board (at first I got it out to iron something, and then I realized it was really handy to have a surface besides the floor or the bed to put stuff on). We enjoyed the breakfast very much. We did not have a breakfast-included deal as so many on here describe so we paid $20 each for breakfasts but we still enjoyed them very much, and it was also super convenient for us not to have to go out (my aunt is in her 90s). I did not appreciate that the SELF-SERVE breakfast includes an automatic gratuity and then when you pay there is also a place for you to tip. THAT'S NOT RIGHT! DON'T TIP *TWICE* FOR THE SELF SERVE BREAKFAST! In my opinion it would be better if the hotel just charged higher prices and eliminated these types of sneaky charges -- they make customers feel taken advantage of. The next time I visit NYC I will be torn between staying at the Roger Williams or taking a chance on another less expensive hotel. I was very happy and comfortable but I felt I paid too much.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great location good service at the Roger Williams	Hotel staff is courteous, attentive, friendly. The rooms are small, as are most hotel rooms in NYC, but comfortable. The location is fabulous, we walked almost everywhere. At check-in the concierge offered an upgrade to a terrace room for $25.00; this was well worth it. We had a view of the spire of the Empire State bldg., with plants, a chair and small bench outside. Be sure to bring your own snacks, drinks, etc. - the mini-bar prices are astronomical. The neighborhood has a number of small shops where you can buy these items for a reasonable price. Many good restaurants and several low-priced breakfast places in the area - we skipped the expensive hotel food.	
Mar 28 2009 	Wonderful stay experience!	My partner and I stayed for three days and two nights in the Hotel Roger Williams. The staff were wondeful. They helped us find the direction and easiest way to get even thought we asked for more than five times. THey were so patient that we had a great time.	
Mar 23 2009 	simple trendy comfort	My husband and I stayed at the Roger Williams Hotel March 21 for one night. We were in NYC to attend a birthday party for a family member. The hotel was running a special on their web site. The price included the room, plus complimentary parking and a gourmet breakfast buffet.We drove up to the door and the bellman was right there offering to park the car and take our bags inside. The front desk was exceptional.They even asked if we prefer higher or lower floors. A few minuets after we were in our room the front desk phoned to make sure we were happy. The room was small which I knew it would be from other reviews I had read. However, it was spotless. The room was decorated in a sleek modern decor and the bed was simple elegance and the mattress was extremly comfy.. The only down side I could find at this hotel was the bathroom. If either my husband or myself were very large people or had a handicapped in anyway there is no way you could manage this bathroom.. It would also be very challaging to manage with children. I doubt we would book this room for more then one or two nights because of the very small bathroom as there is no place to put anything on its counter. We stayed in room 603.We left for the party around 7 pm and the bellman flagged down a cab. The staff at this hotel is exceptionally polite and helpful. When we returned we went to the bar at the Hotel for a drink before returning to our room. Same great vibes from the staff.The breakfast buffet had fresh cut up fruit, fresh squeezed jucies, rolls, eggs and small sauages. A very good selection . Same great service. We checked out on Sunday morning and it went great they called for our car and we were headed home in a matter of mins.What makes this hotel special is the staff and their exceptional service. The decor is trendy,modern comfortable elegance. My husband who has stayed and worked in the city found it to be much more relaxing then one of the larger chain hotels.The location is good. Close to almost everything in the city such as the fashion district etc. Just a short cab away from Broadway.We felt very safe in this hotel.I am hoping I can return to this lovely hotel and its smiling staff on our next visit to NYC.	
Mar 22 2009 	Roger Williams -- Ol' Reliable	This was my second visit to the Roger Williams Hotel on Madison. It's still a great place if you can get a good rate. The lobby is very attractive &amp; welcoming. The room was nice &amp; the bed was firm. Plenty of closet space too. The location is always a plus -- very close to several subway stations &amp; a good launching point if you're heading uptown or downtown. A rare gem for travelers who don't have money to burn.	
Mar 21 2009 	Great Hotel Great LocationGreat Staff!	We just finished a three night stay at the Roger Williams and we would stay here again next time. The Hotel is in a good Location, quiet at night but close enough to walk to tourist spots. We got the room for $149 through Zootravel.com/hotels that my sister-in-law told me about.The staff is so friendly and accomadating.I would ask a question and they would find the answer immediately always witha smile.The room was nice and big enough, remember your in New YorkCity. We can see The Empire State Building from our room. We went with our 15 year old daughter and she loved it.(the hotel and the city) Hope this helps someone and have fun!!!	
Mar 20 2009 	fantastic stay!!!	my boyfriend and i are just back from our stay in nyc.we stayed in roger for 5 nites-the experience was very pleasant from beginning to end-the location is very convenient,the staff is extremely friendly,the room was clean and big enough for the 2 of us,the food was tasty-all in all we would recommend it to anyone anytime!	
Mar 20 2009 	Clean neat contemporary...rooms very tight!	We did not stay at this hotel. We stayed at the Chandler Hotel, and that is a much better choice. Our rate was $189 per night. The Roger Williams Hotel has a lovley lobby, quite trendy-contemporary and well appointed, but the rooms were really small and not as lovley. Take my word for it. Although the Chandler Hotel has small rooms (12x16), they are lovley. Silk draperies, down comforters and pillows, a lovely hotel.	
Mar 17 2009 	Would definitely return.	I usually don't care too much about the staff, but this crew was exceptional: friendly (yes they DO remember your name; even the doorman), efficient, everyone seemed genuinely UP. The room was exceptionally quiet and comfortable; the bed perfect. Not a lot of drawer and closet space, but the bathroom was large. Room service was fast. The food is surprisingly good; the breakfast buffet for $17 was well worth the cost: fresh, a lot of variety, eggs and sausage, oatmeal, healthy options, Sarabeth jams and granola. I would certainly stay here again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Fab fab fab.	I stayed here 3 years ago for business and coming back with my husband this year, it was as great as I remembered.Rooms are stylish, very clean and beds super comfortable. Yes, the bathrooms are small but this is a city!The customer service, even by American standrards is outstanding. How is a doorman in a 15 storey hotel able to greet us by name every time we returned!! The restaurant recommendations we were given by the desk staff were perfect (Chef Yu and Intermezzo).The bar is lovely to come back to after a meal for a cocktail or coffee, relaxed and cosy.Immediate location is nice and quiet but you can walk pretty much anywhere from here, and you can use the Empire State building to guide you home. Times square is about 10 minutes away.We managed to get a great price through trip advisor. Stay here if you can!	
Mar 13 2009 	Great Hotel Great People	My husband had a business trip to NYC which coincided with my bday &amp; suggested I come along so we could celebrate &amp; I could have a couple days of kid-free quiet-tome for my bday treat. His company travel agent booked the Roger Williams through a company deal so I wasn't expecting anything special. Boy was I pleasantly surprised! The staff were friendly &amp; helpful and went that bit beyond. The room was lovely and well-furnished and the bed very cozy. The bathroom was small but well-laid out &amp; the shower had good water-pressure. The public areas of the hotel were nicely decorated and the lounge/restaurant area was very comfy. The hotel is in a nice area, not too busy but close enough to everything and I felt very safe walking by myself, even at night. I look forward to returning again &amp; would love to try one of the terrace rooms in the spring.	
Mar 10 2009 	Just a Real Nice Hotel	Stayed for a weekend of leisure. Good location, excellent, professional, courteous staff, very cool decor, rooms were larger than expected and decorated really nice. Very comfortable king size bed. Reasonable rate of $149 for a Sat night stay. Can't say a bad thing about this hotel. Have already booked another night here. You can't go wrong with this place.	
Mar 5 2009 	Large and quiet rooms for Manhattan	I loved this hotel! I stayed there a few years ago and decided to write a review because it is my favourite hotel in Manhattan. My fave B&amp;B is Eden House in Columbus circle.The service is wonderful, eg. the receptionist saw that I had postcards and offered to send them for me. Everyone is very helpful, the doorman remembered me.My room was clean and bright, very comfortable, nice bed with enough floor space to do yoga. The bathroom had a shower, no bath and was nicely appointed, new tiles, free fo mould and grime. The only thing I didn't much like was the shag carpet. I didn't like walking around barefoot in it.	
Feb 23 2009 	great place and great staff	I stay in a lot of hotels in NY, but this one is rather special. wonderful staff and service	
Feb 22 2009 	Great Stay	We stayed at the Roger Williams this past weekend, and had booked the package that included parking, breakfast, and an upgrade to a deluxe room for a total of $250. It was well worth it. The hotel reminds me of boutique hotels in European cities. The service was excellent; shortly after checking in, reception called to ensure we were satisfied with our room. The rooms were simple, and very very clean. The lounge put out a great breakfast spread, and served drinks at night. The fitness center was adequate and served its purpose. All staff were friendly and accommodating. We would definitely stay at the Roger Williams again.	
Feb 9 2009 	Pleasant stay at the RW	Recently spent the weekend at the Roger Williams for a convention at the Javits Convention Center. It was kind of last minute. Orbitz had a special with it running at $150 a night. For being in the city that seemed great, and so I booked it right away.It's about a mile and a half away from the Convention Center but that was fine, I know the Javits doesnt really have much around it so I didnt want to stay near that area I'd rather stay further inland. Enter the Roger Williams. I checked-in and realized I actually was so rushed that I booked it for the wrong dates on Orbitz. Ooops. The person at the desk was super helpful, we thought we'd be so screwed but they had us check-in and told us they would sort it with Orbitz, no worries. I've never had hotel front desk personel be this cordial and accomidating. So definately a huge star for saving the day on that one.We checked in early to boot, so it was just above and beyond what I was expecting. Even more rare for it being in NY where people are generally impatient and pushy (sorry to any local NYers.)Anyway we checked-in, the room was pretty well laid out and comfortable. It wasnt a huge room but the furniture was modern and well chosen so the short footprint of the room size was not that noticeable due to the furniture that didnt crowd the room or become too bare and jail-cell like. The TV could use some modern touch. It seemed like an akward mix to have an older TV amongst a room with a modern flair. We didnt use the TV at all because we were out and about but that was my main gripe about it. Most hotels, even lower scale travel lodges have flat panel tv's these days. Minor gripe.The bathroom was a bit too tight for my liking. The sink was like just barely squeezed in. I suppose this leads to a bigger space for the room itself but even still. It felt a little too close to the toilet.Other than that the room was comfortable and fine. They had some Japanese sliding screens covering the windows, I thought it was a unique touch and way of covering a typical unexciting view of a building next door. The room is very well lit so you dont actually feel claustrophobic. If you did, you chould easily just slide them out and let in the sunlight, or rather the shade from the other building. The internet was free and worked flawlessly. They also have laptops near the lobby that are free to use. They have quite a few of them so you could get by not having a laptop if you just need to check your mail/google something real quick.My only reason for giving this establishment a 4 out of 5 is that the breakfast buffet is too bare for 18.00. For that much money, id expect custom omlettes or pancakes. None of those are available. You have scrambled eggs or sausage and thats about it as far as warm food goes. They had fruits, muffins, and bagels, nothing that really warranted almost 20 dollars. My suggestion would be to skip the breakfast and walk out of the hotel to one of the nearby diners. You'll save some money and probably enjoy better food. Definately a better selection of warm food. The wait staff was occassionally there for you. Sometimes you'd have to refill your coffee yourself.. sometimes they would come around and ask you. Inconsistent.I would stay again due to the great value you get at $150 a night. The room is great, the bed is great and you are within walking distance of all the things the heart of the city has to offer. The front desk staff really goes out of their way to accomidate you and its rare. Especially in an establishment under 200.	
Feb 1 2009 	Perfect stay -- will definitely return	The Roger Williams exceeded my expectations in every way. I arrived at 9 a.m. and because a room was vacant, the staff allowed me to check in right away. I had a standard room (the least expensive), which was spotless and had every amenity I needed and then some (Time Out and Gotham magazines, a useful NYC travel guide, umbrella, robe, safe, and Aveda products). The bed was very comfortable. Every employee I met was friendly ... the housekeeper was very nice and did a great job with my room. The front desk staff and doorman were always nice and attentive. The bartender/waiter was friendly and chatty, and the concierge was the BEST. He recommended a great restaurant around the corner (Artisian ... I highly recommend it) and helped me get a Town Car to the airport (much better option than a taxi for about the same price). The hotel is in a quiet, safe location less than a 15-minute walk to the subway. I was a solo female traveler and never felt my safety was compromised here. I will definitely stay here again.	
Jan 29 2009 	Still good 7 years later	Our wedding anniversary is in the end of January so we often end up in NYC for a night or two because it is relatively so cheap. 7 years ago we stayed here right after this hotel got a makeover and it was quite nice. Now it is on the high end of the price scale but we were still able to get a room through Expeida at about $200 for the night. The room was even better and bigger than last time; the decor is still refreshingly functional and sophisticated. As we did 7 years ago we liked the vibe of this hotel and its quiet location on Madison Ave and 31st St. A good, upscale restaurant is right down the Ave -- Olana, and it's an easy walk to both Madison and Gramercy Parks.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed at The Roger Williams for a few night before Christmas 08. Having never stayed here before, i was a little worried, but i shouldnt have been. The hotel was lovely, the staff were so friendly and the rooms were very clean and tidy. On my next trip to NYC I would certainly stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 5 2009 	Comfortable nook in the city	We stayed at the Hotel Roger Williams as a part of a friend's birthday weekend getaway in NYC. Our room was clean, spacious and nicely decorated with a comfortable, well put together feel. The staff were very nice, offering us a free room upgrade, and luggage storage both before check in and after check out so we could explore the city. The rate was also very affordable for such a nice stay and central location (especially with the free upgrade!). We had a wonderful trip, and are looking forward to another visit.	
Dec 30 2008 	great experience	this was the best hotel experience I have had in years. The room was amazing with a balcony on the 14th floor! The hotel is vary stylish, spotless and with very helpful staff. I will definitely go back!	
Dec 29 2008 	Little good little bad	When booking this hotel, i went by a lot of the reviews being so great. However, I had a few minor compaints about the hotel, even tho the hotel is very nice. I arrived a little early before check in and the hotel offered to hold my bag so I could go out and get a bite to eat. This was very nice and upon arrival everyone seemed to be so nice and helpful from the door man to the front desk to the maids. Got into my room later that day and I think I expected a little more, but hey I guess it's NYC. I had the superior Double Room and the room was pretty big for a nyc style hotel. Nevertheless, the bathroom was small as heck. When i mean small, i mean when 2x2 from sink to door and from wall to bathtub. I felt like i was in an RV bathroom or something. Also, I expected one of those fancy dancy showers, but just got a bathtub instead. Very disappointed.When it came time to get something to eat, i called the front desk and they made reservations at a local establishment they reccommended. Nevertheless, this place was good, but it felt like I had a minimal selection and it was pricey for what you got. I got a piece of meat the size of a thumb for 40 bucs! O well, i guess thats NYC. Wish i would of just went down to the commercialized section of NY and got something down there towards Times Square.The bed was very comfortable and got a good night sleep. Beware the mini bar, if you dont look at the prices they will get you hard. 4 Dollars for a bottle of water and 5 dollars for a fig newtown or oreo. The list goes on. Check out was very smoot and quick. They will even hold your backs for you if you want to go do something and you have some time to spare before your flight or trip back to wherever. Overall, this is a nice clean hotel. I will probably not come back, even tho the place is very nice, I just want to try out some other hotels and maybe my opinion will change.	
Dec 28 2008 	Comfortable and bright!	My husband and I stayed at the Roger Williams the four days preceding Christmas this year. The hotel was bright and cheerful and the staff were quite helpful and seemed genuinely happy. Our room was large for NY standards and had a comfortable bright look. There were a few places that were rough around the edges (the Odegard carpets in the lobby could use a good cleaning and the light fixtures in our room could use a good dusting), but nothing that would really put me off. The only thing that I could really complain about was the fact that the room was very very hot. The only salvation was that the window was able to be opened and we were on a floor high enough that I felt safe sleeping with it open.We enjoyed the daily breakfast as it was included with our rate and it was a nice buffet including pastries, oatmeal, cereal and some nice meats and cheeses. Quite nice, though I don't know that I would have thought it was worth the 17.95 price tag were it not included with my room.Overall, a nice place to stay in a convenient location next to the 6 subway line in Murray Hill.	
Dec 16 2008 	Loved this place!	This place has the best customer service by far. The location is great and the hotel is very clean and unique looking. I loved it!	
Dec 16 2008 	Roger Rocks!	In a city full of overpriced, disappointing hotels, the Hotel Roger Williams was a real knockout. Let's start with check-in... My wife and I were traveling with some friends - we arrived at the hotel early and expected the usual Manhattan luggage check. Instead, we ALL got our rooms...at NOON! The overall feel is trendy yet cozy... And the staff is FRIENDLY. (Everyone I ran into - EVERYONE - wished us a good day/night.) The room was very nice and spacious for Manhattan. The quilt on the bed was a nice touch. I read a review from someone that warned the bathrooms are small...for Manhattan, ours was pretty good sized.There's a quaint hotel bar/restaurant that is very comfy and relaxing. Plus, the location is pretty great - right at 31st &amp; Madison.The ONLY problem we encountered during our stay was that we had two heating choices: on or off. I called down to check on this and was told that someone would be up to open our window if I wished. (I did wish - it was HOT.) The remodel seemed fairly new so I was a bit surprised by this - but it was by no means a deal-killer. I'm usually pretty critical, but this was really a fabulous hotel. I would heartily recommend it and plan to return.	
Dec 15 2008 	Just OK...	Our room was very small, especially the bathroom... No air conditionning but the room was so warm that we had to open the only window.. hard to sleep with a window open in Manhattan! Althought it is rated a 4 star hotel, I would consider it a 3 star... Food was great, service was perfect, staff was very nice, probably the nicest staff in town. Unfortunately, I wouldn' t go back.. Our room was on the 3rd floor, you could hear the bass from the music in the mezzanine... I got a good deal on Hotwire, but would have never paid more then $250 per night.	
Dec 1 2008 	Unexpected gem	What a great boutique hotel in Murray Hill. We were 10 to 20 blocks walking distance away from all the major sites (Times Square, Little Italy, 5th Ave) but far enough away from the frenetic pace of all those areas. The staff was awesome - the door man remembered our name the next day. The bright, sunny room are typical in size for NY (a king sized bed and two people fit comfortably) and was tastefully decorated. The beds and linens were the best! Loved the flat screen tv. The bathroom had a shower was updated with a rain shower head but is small (it served the purpose for the amount of time we were there). Wonder Aveda bath products and fluffy towels made it great. Definitely worth a visit!	
Nov 16 2008 	Great location good room size and the friendliest staff I've ever found!	Good to find a hotel in NY that is far enough from the tourist filled areas around time square but easy to get to all the important places. Amazing staff on reception can help with anything, from bar ideas to where to get the best spa rub! Ok gym - enough machines if you want to work out, wifi through out and even 2 free to use laptops in reception in case you've not brought laptop. Didn't try the breakfast or restaurant (lots more places to go/see in NTC than hotel fare). Not cheap but felt worth it - aveda products and quite enough to get a good nights sleep in NY.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great overall experience	My wife an I came back from a weekend trip to NYC and stayed at the Roger Williams for the first time based on Tripadvisor reports. We were very pleased overall. We booked a special rate of $300 per night through the hotel's website that included parking, breakfast and a deluxe room. This seemed like a better deal than $250 per night for a standard room plus at least $45 per night for parking and $16 each for breakfast.We were greeted at the sidewalk, the doorman had the car valet parked. Check-in was easy and fast. We were told we had been upgraded and our room on the 15th floor had a view of the Empire State building but no terrace. The room was decently sized with a King bed, easy chair, desk, flat-screen HDTV, minibar, armoire (no closet). As others have said, there were lots of things for sale in the room, but we didn't find it obtrusive. As in the pictures, the style is colorful, bright, and modern. The bathroom was small but nice with a good selection of toiletries. The water pressure was so-so, but the showerhead adjusted which made it fine. Bathrobes were provided. The windows opened. Bedding, pillows, towels were comfortable and more than adequate.The breakfast buffet served in the lounge on the mezzanine was very nice with fresh fruit and orange juice, scrambled eggs, nice pastries, cereals, oatmeal and was open til 11 on weekends, Sunday Times was available.The fitness center is small with 2 treadmills, an eliptical machine, some free weights and 3 weight machines.Staff was very helpful. We were standing at the front desk waiting to check out and a bellman realized we wanted to check our bags, took them away and said we could just drop our keys andcome back when we were ready to get our car. They were also helpful with restaurant suggestions, show tickets, directions.There was free WiFi throughout the hotel that worked well and two available laptops in the lobby with access to a printer.Good location for anything in NYC.Overall, we would definitely go back and recommend it to our friends.	
Oct 5 2008 	the best	On a recent long trip this was cleary the best city hotel. As I had read the staff are amazing and everything good about the hotel (aircon could do with some work). All staff without exception were amazingly friendly and helpful at every opportunity. And the mezannine lounge was a great place to chill, drink, snack etc. Defnately everythingit is cracked up to be.	
Oct 4 2008 	Perfect Stay...	After researching for quite some time, my girlfriend and I decided on Hotel Roger Williams (HRW) for our brief stay back east. We are from LA, Ca, so we expect to pay to play, for the lack of better terms...Long story short, we were 110% satisfied with our choice to stay at HRW from the moment we walked into the hotel, to the last moments prior to our departure. From the staff, to the location, our stay at HRW enabled us to see the city without having the anxiety of worrying about where we were staying...also, the front desk seemed to help us because they truly wanted to, opposed to providing us information as if they were doing us a favor. I know that most people feel that a hotel staff should automatically provide their guests with top-notch service; however, if you live in the real world, you know talk is cheap and promising great service may stop at a particular hotels missionary statement on their own website. In addition to the above factors, the room was modern and the hotel restaurant and bar, although pricey, was worth the money, as again the staff in the restaurant pointed us out to cool bars in the area, which we did in fact utilize. Of course, you do get what you give; however, take it from an honest person that has no reason to go to bat for hotel/business. This is a great stay and we highly recommend the HRW for any type of person who wishes to enjoy the NYC for what it's worth.	
Sep 14 2008 	Very nice	Excellent location, quiet, great equipment, good service, comfortable bed, nice bathroom, funny details in the room. I booked the cheapest room possible, which was not a mistake. The room was tiny and with fake windows. However, I have not expected view or anything else, since it's NYC, the hotel is high quality and it was very cheap.	
Sep 13 2008 	A SMALL ROOM	Our hotel room was SMALL in many ways.... first of all, in our Superior Double Bed room there was only 30&quot; between the two beds that were pushed up against the wall on both sides of the room. 30&quot; is not enough space! Also, the tiny bathroom was more like an airplane bathroom...luckily we are small people in my family. The tiny round sink is set into a square counter and the available space for toiletries (less the sink basin) is about 1 and 1/2 inches. NOTHING fits on that much space. The shower curtain rod is curved out so that you feel like you have a bit more space while showering but the toilet is so close to the tub that when you use &quot;it&quot; you have to move the curtain into the tub so you don't feel the curtain draping against you. The room is way over-priced for what you get. The 2nd night we were there, the fire alarm (smoke detector) malfunctioned in the corridor on every floor and the fire trucks showed up (4 of them) in front of the building at about 3:00AMish. Being that our sleep was disrupted in our tiny room I thought that breakfast should have been offered on the house or maybe some little acknowledgement of the inconvenience - like maybe giving us one of the $8.00 bottles of water or something. There was no mention of the incident however and we paid full price for less space and less sleep. The good parts... great service, excellent food, great location, stylish lobby and rooms.	
Sep 2 2008 	Fanastic Botique Hotel. Wonderful Service.	Arrived 28th August for a 4 night break for our 10 year wedding anniversary. Wonderful staff, very helpful concierge who gave great advice and tips on where to visit. Breakfast in hotel was good although concierge recomended a place called Penelope's 159 Lexington Avenue which did excellent breakfasts (Waffles, Pancakes, Fruit, Eggs anyway you want it and bags of charm) We had a superior room which was a decent size room, very very comfortable King size bed (much bigger than an English king) and decorated in vibrant colours. Room had good aircon, flat screen TV, excellent room service. Bathroms were compact but I guess that is what you expect in New York City. Only criticism would be a lack of storage place for our clothes and cases.The Door men were very helpful with hailing taxis etc.We had a wonderful visit to New York and would be very happy to reccomend this hotel.	
Aug 22 2008 	Wonderful stay	We arrived on a Friday night and were greated by the door man who removed our luggage and made some small talk while he walked us to the check in desk. The interior of the hotel was as expected, very modern and stylish. We went to our room and found that we did not get the double beds that we had requested. I called to reception and alerted them. They came straight up to the room with new key cards and a new room number. Very nicely handled. We noticed that their is not a lot of counter space in the bathroom, but that did not bother me at all since I am not a big make up girl anyhow. It was functional and had a nice layout. The room was an average size hotel room. Not a suite, but a room. I loved the quilts and wanted to take one home! =) I promised myself that I would address the price tag issue that I saw repeated on here. There are price cards for extras that are in the room. (the mini bar, snacks, robes if you want one, shaving kits, intimacy kits, etc) The cards are hardly noticable and did NOT take away from the room. I would much rather know what I will be charged if I take advantage of the items being there then be suprised. These cards were only in two areas and were not price tags per se, like I stated the were little cards with the info. Everytime we walked out of the door the door man would grab us a cab in no time. I was very impressed with the location and the great staff	
Aug 20 2008 	Great Place to Stay in the MIdtown Area	This is a boutique-style hotel on 31st and Madison. It's Midtown without feeling like you're in tourist hell. Very modern look, excellent staff, rooms are well stocked with amenities, beds are comfortable. Ask for a room with a terrace during nice weather. It's not go out naked, but private for a big city. They have a little place for breakfast upstairs in the lobby. Nothing bad to say about this place. I have stayed here a few times for business and would definitely recommend it to someone coming to the city.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great hotel for business travelers	I stayed at the Roger WIlliams because it's one of my company's preferred hotels. I wasn't really looking forward to it - low expectations for business hotels in August in New York. But I was very pleasantly surprised. The rooms are small and not terribly special - well decorated, comfortable. The bathrooms are very small but well fitted out. What I really liked: the service and the free interenet. The people at the hotel were extremely helpful and went out of their way to help me find a place to eat, get to the airport and settle into my room. Most 4 stay hotels tend to scrimp on the staff, but this was not the case with the Roger Williams. The staff greeted me by name, booked restaurants that were perfect for me (a solo business traveler) and were generally very helpful. The second thing: free internet that actually works. Spending close to 75 nights/year in hotels, I really hate the penchant to nickel and dime me to death, especially the internet fees (which are expensive and the service of poor quality). Not so at the Roger Williams. Also - the room was quiet, the bed comfortable and the TV in perfect working order. What else to ask of a business hotel?	
Jul 27 2008 	Good but not great!	Stayed at the Roger Williams for 03 nights from 25-28th July.Was allocated room 1010 on arrival at around noon.First impression was very good, the hotel is well decorated and very well located, staff were pleasant and doormen always polite.Room was spacious however, in my opinion was not very functional. In the room there was a very small wardrobe, barely enough for 01 person, the bathroom was nice but again no space to put anything, also the shower didnt have much pressure.Me and my friend had 4 suitcases with us and it had to be left just on the sides of the bedroom, due to lack of storage space.Right after check in we went out for a walk and came back at 7pm, when we noticed that our bags had not yet been delivered to our room, I called reception and they made sure it was delivered immediately.There was a problem with the aircon and it wasnt working in my room, so they placed a mobile unit that was really noisy and in fact was just and air cooler, not very efficient in fact, as NYC was very stuffy and hot.The wireless connection worked for the first day only and then stopped working on my floor, they tried to fix it but to no use. There is a mandatory charge of USD12 a day for internet use and also for local calls, which I thought wasnt very fair, specially if you have no computer and still have to pay.I might have been unlucky this time, as I read good reviews about this hotel before booking, however its all about personal experience and mine wasnt very good. It seems that this is a great hotel being run by amateur people. Dont have plans to go back as I wasnt happy with what I got.	
Jul 24 2008 	Fantastic Place - 2nd visit	This is a great hotel in midtown, located on Madison and 31st its pretty well positioned to be a NYC baseThe staff, especially the doormen who are exceptional, are great, really friendly and full of suggestions.Its a smallish hotel with hip styling a decent enough cocktail bar and gym. There is an excellent bar just around the corner open till late, a 24 hour italian deli across the street and empire state within striking distancelike anywhere in NYC the rooms are small	
Jul 9 2008 	Great stay at the Roger Williams	Booked this for $192 pre tax through Quikbook. Great, quiet location, beautiful Art Deco lobby, nice clean rooms. There was a little wear around some edges, like the bathroom doors, but on the whole the room was great. Window was a little small, but hidden by a Japanese screen that was lit from behind.The bed was a California King, with highthread count sheets. Soft Turkish towels. Aveda bath products in the bathroom, and a fancy shower, with the rain type shower head, as well as a Euro style handheld shower extension. No bath, though. Staff was courteous. My only complaint would be that I never ended up getting to use the Internet at the complimentary computer because someone was always using it. It would be great if there was a time limit, and/or more than one computer available for use. I liked the fact that the hotel was at Madison &amp; 31st, just a few blocks from Penn Station. Madison turned out to be much more quiet than I expected at night. I would be happy to return to this hotel on future visits to New York.	
Jul 4 2008 	Stayed for business--will return for pleasure	I traveled to New York to attend a conference, and chose Hotel Roger Williams because my company had block booked rooms there. I have to say that my company made a good choice in choosing this hotel.The first night I was due to arrive at around 6 PM but due to an incredibly delayed flight, did not arrive until around 3 AM the next morning. The front desk clerk was incredibly friendly and helpful, despite the hour, and really went out of his way to ensure that I had everything I needed for a comfortable stay. All of the staff members were equally friendly and courteous, and whether at breakfast or simply walking through the lobby, each person invariably had a nice word and a smile, but in a way that seemed natural and not forced.Given my jetlag, I appreciated the well-maintained 24 hour fitness center, and at 4 AM was the only one using it. As other reviewers have noted, the breakfast is a bit pricey, but given that I was traveling for business and had limited time, I did not take the time to look around for something cheaper. The breakfast was good, the atmosphere good, and it was available before 7 AM, a real plus for me.The location was ideal. It is an affordable cab ride away from most of the main Manhattan attractions, or a reasonable walk. Hotel staff can also provide good restaurant and bar recommendations in the area--there are several in close proximity.While I did not eat in the hotel restaurant, I did order room service one night, and enjoyed the meal.In terms of the room itself, I didn't spend much time there, but I was very satisfied. I really liked the bright modern colors, and was not put off by the number of items for sale. In fact I needed some of them, and appreciated having them so close. The bed was very comfortable, and the air-conditioning worked well when needed.All in all, I was extremely happy with my stay at the Roger Williams Hotel and I hope to be able to return to New York in the not-too-distant future. When I return, I will definitely choose the Roger Williams Hotel again.	
Jun 30 2008	Cool but not cold	I say &quot;cool but not cold&quot; because sometimes the hip factor of a hotel is directly inverse to the friendly factor. Not so, I'm happy to report, at the Hotel Roger Williams. Other than the cumbersome name that I had trouble remembering my entire stay, I found very few faults. The front desk was very friendly and helpful as were the other staff members. Most boutique hotels, especially in New York, interpret modern in blacks and blues and purples. I like that this hotel interprets modern in a bright and colorful way. We spent the money to upgrade twice (once online, once when offered at the front desk) on a deluxe room, and it was worth it. B'y New York standards, the room was huge and the windows were thick, so no noise problems even though we were on the fourth floor. I did not see the inside of a standard room.I should add that we got a good deal here by getting a discount code on a travel website. The cons? Some people here mention the items scattered about the room for sale...it is a bit overboard. Toothpaste for sale? C'mon, the holiday inn gives that away.Also, try and fight the &quot;service&quot; fee the hotel charges. It's 12 bucks a day for use of the phone and internet . If you don't use those things, I don't think you should have to pay, but the hotel will automatically charge you.Also, you are a few steps away from cheap, yummy breakfasts. No need to pay for it at the hotel.The positives far outweigh the negatives. You are in good hands here.	
Jun 25 2008 	Very nice midtown Manhattan hotel	I stayed at the &quot;Roger&quot; for two nights. After arriving earlier than expected, the front desk checked me in early (10AM), which was a great way to start my stay. The room was modern, clean, with a comfortable queen bed. Small closet &amp; bathroom, the room had a nice flat screen TV &amp; a small fridge stocked with mini-bar items. I did not try the breakfast at the hotel, but there were two charming cafes (Suble Tea &amp; Keko) on Madison between 30 &amp; 31 St. that were great for breakfast &amp; very reasonable.I found a rate on Travelzoo that was just over $200 a night. Compared to what I have seen on other travel sites, I feel I got a fair price for a Manhattan hotel room. FYI... New York State &amp; City taxes &amp; hotel service fees add almost 25% to your total bill.	
Jun 22 2008	Nice contemporary hotel	We just returned from a trip to NY.Overall we were very satisfied with the hotel.Its a nice contemporary style hotel. The staff were very helpful and courteous.The room was clean and the bed comfortable.The location right on Madison avenue is good.I would recommend this hotel.	
Jun 17 2008 	Great boutique hotel	I spent 4 nights at the Roger Williams and was duly impressed. My only real complaint is that the bathroom is strangely designed. It has a huge shower that's all marble and super nice, but the rest of the bathroom is tiny. I barely had any room to put my makeup, blow dryer, etc. I stayed in the queen deluxe, and it is on the smaller side, but I suspect most hotels in NY have smaller rooms. The bed was almost too soft, my back actually hurt a little. The sheets appeared to be very clean (but you never really know 'til they turn on that night vision thingy, oh well). Nice flat screen tv. They also provided a really sturdy umbrella that came in handy during a thunderstorm.What I liked most was the staff. They were very attentive and friendly, and not in a forced way. They really went out of their way to make you feel comfortable and taken care of. I think they must hammer it into all their employees. Every time I was in the elevator with a staff member, they would go out of their way to make small talk and tell me to have a nice day.A couple of other things. They have free internet access via a laptop in the lobby so no need to pay the 10 bucks for internet via tv in your room. It's in a nice location, a block and half away from the 33d subway stop. I was a little bummed that breakfast wasn't included (btw, do not pay the 20 bucks for the breakfast buffet. Just walk outside and go next door to the tea cafe).I wouldn't recd this place for anyone traveling with children. Teens maybe, but not kids. It is not a kid friendly hotel. Better for singles or couples. All in all, a good hotel in a good location.	
May 28 2008 	Most impressed	I had a nightmare flight getting to NY on Memorial weekend. I rang the hotel maybe 4 times to let them know that my flight was cancelled, delayed and I eventually transfered to another airlines getting me to the hotel 13 hrs late. I was greeted by the consierge with &quot;just sign here and have a good night / morning sleep you look tired&quot;. Bags to room perfect after a 40 hour trip for a 4 hour flight. Room was Pent House Level. Although it was small for my standards it was very comfortable not much work area but the bed was to die for. Really nice linens and very comfortable. Balcony was very relaxing and calming. A regular room might have had more room.Room service was excellent quick and tasty.Mezanine level for breakfast had a good sellection of food for everyone. A little expensive but you are in NY. I had some business meetings at this level in the afternoon and was looked after very well from the staff.Concierge was very helpful with arranging directions and time schedules for trains and shows.Everyone of the staff genuinely were interested in what they could do to help to make our stay. Definately making this my comanies hotel in NY.	
May 20 2008 	Perfect	Perfect girls weekend. My party of four arrived at the hotel early and we were able to check into one of our rooms (double delux). The room was clean and very comfortable. The bathroom was small but the shower was big. Breakfast was delicious. Fresh croissants, eggs, bagels and fruit salad. Much better then the typical continental breakfast. The staff are great. Everyone was very helpful and polite.The location is in the close enough to walk to SoHo or Times Square. We are already talking about returning next year.	
May 5 2008 	Comfortable	This hotel was a joy to come back to after freezing cold weather in New York. The rooms were lovely and comfortable to warm us back up. The breakfast is really good. The dining room is a nice place to sit, eat dinner and watch the snow blow past.	
Apr 22 2008 	A Week With Roger...	We stayed at the Roger Williams for a week in early April. One of us was working, the other taking a few days to rediscover Manhattan. Having spent a lot of time in NYC and being pretty well traveled, I was sceptical of what this property had to offer before we showed up. The website is a classic example of something trying too hard and just not making it. Compared to &quot;classic&quot; boutique hotels such as the Soho Grand, the Mondrian in L.A., well, there is no comparison. And the location in midtown is by no means the best that the city has to offer. Then there is the staff. At one point, we commented that it felt as if someone had bought a hotel and turned it over to a group of students to operate. We live in Europe and are used to, perhaps, a higher level of service - but regardless of where one lives, a certain level of professionalism is expected and this was often missing at this property. In general, too much &quot;chit chat&quot;, especially when guests were in ear shot; typical for a New York bar maybe, but not at a hotel. That being said, most of the staff were very friendly and welcoming: the doormen were gracious (but should take it as a given to help with the bags); the staff at breakfast were, on the whole, wonderful in dealing with early morning grumps; the cleaning staff were thorough and charming; the staff at reception were generally competent and added a tough of, shall we say, New York color to the experience. The hotel has a nice fitness room which is open 24 hours and which is usually empty. Breakfast is very good. The room decor is truly not to everyone's taste. Tacky, to be honest. If you like the Paul Smith logo (multi colored stripes) well, you will feel right at home here - I believe he had a hand in the design scheme. let's just say he should stay well away from hotels. The rooms themselves are typical for this level of hotel in New York, not terribly large, not enough water pressure, but the beds are comfortable (extremely, even) and the views are not bad from the upper floors. In general, we were very happy with our stay at the hotel and would return, given the same budget. For the money you will have a tough time replicating this experience in the city.	
Apr 2 2008 	Great place but overpriced	My girlfriends and I stayed at the Roger Williams Hotel during the summer of 2007.Pros: Extremely helpful front desk staff, doorman, waitress. The decor was nice, hotel was very clean. Bright room. Lovely quilt. Aveda toiletries were a nice touch. Robes were provided.We left our luggage at the hotel after checkout and they tagged our bags, which is comforting, as all the European hotels I've stayed at simply left the bags aside unattended.Cons: The bathroom allows for little privacy. Our toiletries were not replenished on the second morning of our stay. For the price of the hotel, we expected to have it replenished!As someone else had mentioned, the numerous price tags in the room contributed to the hotel feeling more like a convenience store than a home away from home. The room was small, but it is to be expected for Manhattan.The buffet breakfast was decent but WAY overpriced. While I have no real complaints, I would probably not go back to this hotel due to the location and lack of value.	
Apr 2 2008	a decent place to hang your hat in Manhattan	We stayed at this hotel for a 3 day weekend in February. I haven't ever stayed in Manhattan before, but I imagine you're paying a big premium for the location. The rooms are very small, but outfitted nicely enough with colorful furnishings. It's reminded me a little of the 80's, with a studied attempt to be &quot;zany&quot;, but it's better then boring and bland I guess. The annoying part is the bathroom is tiny but crammed with things you have to buy to use. I could have done without that, and it's a very tight fit if you you want to have any friends hang out with you in your room.The staff is very friendly (too friendly for me, but I don't like being greeted by the front desk every time I enter the hotel) and competent. Our friends met us at the hotel and they booked them right next door to us, which was nice. They were very quick to bring plates and utensils when we decided to have an in-room picnic from our LES forages (whitefish salad from Russ &amp; Daughters is fantastic).	
Mar 29 2008	Great NYC Gem	If you're looking for an affordable alternative to the big name luxury hotels, The Roger is a great choice. Recently remodeled, it has a contemporary feel, bright colors, clean, new, comfortable. Terrific front desk staff and helpful concierge services that can book dinners, shows, events, whatever you need. By the end of the first day, we were being greeted by name at the front door. Not something you find at the larger hotels. The rooms vary in size....our first room was very small in comparison to my mother's. But we were upgraded to a larger room at no charge the second morning. Breakfast is delicious, although you can find less expensive alternatives at the next corner. Nice little work out facility with great equipment. The subway is less than two blocks away, for easy access all over Manhattan. We walked to and from the theater district several times. There were lots of European travelers at the Roger, giving it a very continental feel. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at the Roger. If you're looking for a Four Seasons experience, stay at the FS. But this is a perfect alternative to a big chain hotel, and far nicer.	
Mar 17 2008 	Awesome beds..............	We just returned from a weekend at the Hotel Roger williams. The hotel is very modern, clean and appears to have been completly renevated. From the minute you pull up to this hotel the door man, the girls at the front desk, even the maids are so friendly and willing to help that its a pleasure. We had booked a king size bed but when we got to our room it was only a queen. I called and witihin minutes they wisked us away to a king size bed and could not appologize more. You will never sleep on a bed that is more comfortable then the beds here. The sheets, pillow and comfortable make your body just melt. The only down side(if there is one) is that the bathroom is so very small, but I would expect that with all manhattan hotels. Great hotel would definetly go back again.	
Mar 16 2008 	Cold as ice and too hip for me	The Roger Williams Hotel came highly recommended by a colleague. He loves it when in NYC -- I wont be staying again.My room was colder than ice. After complaining twice they moved me on my last night to a nice room - but it took a very loud heater to even make the room warm. Also, that room is over $1k a night and not worth re-booking.The decor is sort of like a gang of clowns ran wild at Ikea.The food involves too much ciabatta and aioli -- not enough basic fare.The wireless internet slow and spotty. All in all -- not for me.	
Mar 14 2008 	A price on everything	I felt like this hotel is trying to be more upscale then it actually is. I was turned off by price cards everywhere in the room, I felt like every time I turned around in the small room there was another price card (desk, bathroom, nightstand, ledge, etc.). I felt like I was staying in a convenience store rather than a hotel. The hotel was quirky and I did like the decoration, the service and cleanliness. However, the design of the hotel was impractical, the bathroom was very small and the sink area had no room to put anything on it...maybe because part of the sink was cluttered with &quot;for sale&quot; items. Overall, the hotel was decorated well and was clean but was not very practical…and I would have preferred less price cards.	
Mar 11 2008 	Great hotel great location	A great hotel two blocks from the Empire State Building. A very nice contemporary decor throughout the hotel, with friendly and informative staff, the hotel is well worth a stay. The room was slightly small but with huge bed and the only real downside would be the breakfast was a little pricey, but we just went to one of the local dinners! 9/10	
Feb 22 2008 	Not impressed for the price	On a girl's weekend in NYC we stayed at the Roger Williams. The pictures online make the hotel seem gorgeous and very up to date. I found it to be extremely small and sort of worn down in some areas. Our room was TINY and the only separation between the bathroom and bedroom area was a glass wall. There was absolutely no privacy. And the shower area was completely see-through so if one of us needed to brush our teeth and someone else was in the shower you just had to look the other way!For the price (600+per night quad occupancy) it was NOT WORTH IT!	
Feb 18 2008 	Fine and dandy	We've been to the Roger Williams a few times over the past seven years or so, Since our last visit, they have refreshed the colors and mezz. kitchen-dining area. The locaton is great. The subway is nearby and Madison Ave. is not too loud. I found the staff from the front desk to the housekeepers very nice and helpful. Because the building is old, the room sizes and configurations can be hit or miss. Our bathroom on this visit was a shoe-box. Other times, the bathrooms are more spaceous but not huge. The bedroom was compact but ok. Clean, king size bed small desk, flat screen TV and closet. Some rooms can be really dark depending on the location. There are only 2 elevators and depending on the time of day, there can be a wait. Overall, I'll stay here again. The prices can vary alot depending on the day of the week and demand which typical.	
Feb 3 2008	Friendly Staff but not much for the money	We booked a deluxe double double for five nights. Prices were about $400 for the first two nights and much lower for the weekend. There is virtually no lobby in the hotel, doormen were very helpful, however. The front desk staff were young and friendly. The room we were put in initially although we were told was deluxe, was not according to the description in the website. There were two double beds, but the room was absolutely miniscule. I am a female, and could hardly turn around in an incredibly awkward bathroom. The room was &quot;fun&quot; and decorated nicely. But the closet would hold maybe two coats, and the desk was about 24 inches across. We were then moved to a larger room, which met the deluxe criteria. The sliding glass door and shower only made the bathroom nicer. There was a desk. By the third night we were in the &quot;right room&quot; and were given a generous discount on the first nights by the manager. For me the bottom line is that this is still another NY boutique hotel governed by people installed/square foot. The decor was pleasant to amusing, the staff friendly and helpful, but, you know at these prices, one needs a real closet, a full length mirror, actual room service for breakfast, or a beautiful free buffet one, and at the very least, a bathroom as nice as at home, if not as large. Housekeeping was excellent, and the neighborhood convenient. I am too old to pretend to be comfortable in lilliputian surroundings no matter the decor.	
Feb 1 2008	Very nice for NYC	I stay here frequently. Rooms are normally clean and doing very well. Always get a corner room with windows on either side. One note is that after staying there multiple times since September the rooms are starting to show the toll of NYC travelers. Still the bar is top notch and the service is world class. Great place.	
Jan 28 2008	Enjoyed our stay	We got a great rate of $199 through Travelzoo, which doesn't get you much luxury in Manhattan. So, we were pleasantly surprised when we got to the hotel. It was within walking distance to Penn Station and Madison Square Garden and close to the subway. The staff was incredibly nice. The room was stylish, clean and big by NYC standards. The hotel bar/restaurant is small but a nice to place to go to grab a drink before a show or concert and their prices are not outrageous. Beware the minibar snacks though-they are about 3 times what you would pay at the deli down the street. The only fault we could find is that we couldn't figure out the heating/cooling system.	
Jan 21 2008	Nice Boutique Hotel - wouldn't be my top choice though	Stayed here for 4 nights and I was in NYC during the UN General Assembly which was a disaster for traffic. Location wise it's great cause my office is on Madison and 20th. I paid about US$400 a night, the room was very small, and the walls were not that thick. I could hear the television and chatter from neighboring rooms.I prefer the Parker Meridien, the London NYC over the Roger Williams. I didn't have much of a choice which is why I ended up at the RW.Would I return? Possibly, but it wouldnt be my first choice. Service is good, location is good, but rooms are tiny, poor bang for the buck, this is definitely not a place to stay if you're looking to relax, ie go shopping, go back to the room, nap, then go party because you won't get much rest in the room, it's not that comfortable. We had a king size bed that felt like a full size, and the tv was about a 15&quot; flat panel that was mounted on the wall.If you are in NYC for a day, and in outside meetings for over 15 hrs of the day, then this hotel will suffice, but if you're flying in on a Sunday, have time to kill before the Monday meetings, then don't stay here	
Jan 8 2008 	stylish and comfortable	We stayed at the Roger Williams Hotel for 2 nights just before Christmas and found it to be a lovely and unusual hotel which was a lovely addition to our time in New York.We arrived on the train from Washington DC at Penn Station and then (having got slightly turned round as you tend to do in NY) walked the three or so blocks to the hotel (which was easy to spot with their Christmas lights flashing). We were allocated a room on the 15th floorwith a lovely view of the Empire State building. The room itself was clean and nicely decorated with a guide book and an umbrella that you could use during your stay. There was a safe in the room, but it didn't look big enough for a lap top computer. The bed was rather soft, but fairly comfortable, and the pillows were clean. The bathroomwas clean, but with some staining by the window and on the grouting and rust on the metal work by the sink. Also the floor was very slippyin socks (some bruised toes because of that).The negatives - well the sound proofing wasn't up to much - we could hear the televisions on in other rooms and conversations in the hallway, so take some ear plugs. Also, the staff are friendly, but seem surprised when you don't want a taxi and would rather walk.We didn't eat at the hotel, but would suggest that you go to the Blue Smoke Bar (a rib place at 116 E 27th Street, about 5 mins walk) for some fantastic food. The sweet potato chips were superb.	
Jan 7 2008 	Loved everything about it!	I stayed at the Hotel Roger Williams for 4 nights in Dec 2007 (just before Christmas) and it was fantastic, I can not reccommend it enough - from the location to the decor to the staff it was great!I would agree with a review before that the rooms were very hot, but we just turned the heating off, kept the window open and it was fine. We were offered to change rooms but it really wasn't a big enough deal to do so (though we appreciated the offer!!).The staff were really great, and very helpful, I also found the use of a laptop (at the end of the reception desk) great for looking up little bits and pieces we wanted to do. They also have a great stash of maps that I found really helpful, just ask!We were staying on a room only basis, and were suprised and pleased to find invitations to have a complimentary breakfast during our stay, which we did, and it was really good.	
Dec 31 2007 	Loved the place	Just got back from spending Christmas in New York. The hotel itself is great, loved the breakfasts, and the bar snacks and cocktails were gorgeous too. You do have to hide the bowl of sweets which are for sale, when you have a nine year old with you, and when space is a bit of a premium, filling the available space with merchandise for sale is a bit of an inconvenience. The rooms were so hot though, it took us three days before we managed to get the room down to a reasonable temperature so that we could sleep in those wonderfully soft beds.I suppose we could have asked the staff to do something about it, but we didnt and in hind sight i dont know why we didnt. I've never come across so many apparantly genuinely nice staff, who took such a pride in their work. Nothing appeared to be a bother for them, and they all seemed genuinely pleased to be able to help. Having spent a number of nights in hotels in the UK, where the front desk is staffed by people who barely speak english, never mind know anything about the hotel or its area, it really was a marked difference. We didnt really need any help, but heard plenty of what i would class as beyond the call of duty service being offered. Ensuring that reservations would be found for Xmas dinner, taking personal responsibility for ensuring that a return message would be taken and passed on. I'd forgotton that service could be like that in a relatively inexpensive hotel. Full marks to the staff, particularly the lady on beakfast duty who absolutely insisted that my daughter go around the buffet table one more time with a paper bag to have things for later.they made my christmas	
Dec 12 2007 	Modern and Affordable in NYC	My husband and I flew East to the suburbs of Philadelphia from California to visit family for the Thanksgiving holiday...as a mini-vacation within a vacation (and a belated 1st anniversary present to ourselves) - we booked a room at the hotel roger williams for the Fri and Sat following the holiday. After taking the train into the city from Jersey, the hotel was thankfully very close to Herald Square/Penn Station (about 15 minutes brisk walk). Upon arrival there was a doorman to greet us, and hot cider to warm us from the cold. Check-in was quick, and after we got to our room, we got a courtesy call to make sure everything was ok...it was great! We had booked the room months before thru Quikbook.com and got a rate of $240 per night - we also requested that we get a room on one of the higher floors if possible and we were on the 10th floor (1014), with a small terrace that had a peek of the Empire State Bldg....The hotel is on a quieter street, but really very close to your touristy attractions (the Empire State Bldg, as previously mentioned, Macy's, Madison Square Garden) and a good walk or a subway ride away from others.Our room was small but adequate, with chic decor, a flat-screen and a very...airplane-like bathroom. It was small...but the shower was great. Also beware of all the cute little kits you find in there, some are free, some aren't. Bathrobes are provided, and the linens were very comfortable and cozy. We were greeted happily by every employee of the hotel, and they even took pics of us outside the hotel by the sign!We had a look at the breakfast but didn't feel it was worth the price, so we ate at the restaurant across the street (Tasty's) -- much quicker and cheaper than the Bagel Brothers that was around the corner.	
Dec 1 2007 	Terrible if you actually want to sleep!	I really would have had a better night's rest if I had laid down on a bench in Central Park. The room we stayed in was perfectly charming, the decor was cool, and it was a decent size for an NYC hotel. However, I had a very important presentation to give the next morning and I was really focused on getting sleep. The room must have been at least 80 degrees. I couldn't breathe, so I opened the window as far as it would go. It cooled off slightly (keep in mind, this was November) but the traffic noise kept me up half the night. At about 3AM, I finally closed the window as the room was a little cooler. I tossed and turned all night, so by 6:30 I decided to cancel my wake-up call. Of course, they called anyway. The breakfast buffet was perfectly lovely, although I had to go downstairs to get it; there was no room service in the morning. I have to say, and this is a small point, that there was an awful lot of stuff for sale in the hotel room itself, to the point where I felt like I was sleeping in a store. My advice? Avoid this place if possible.	
Dec 1 2007 	Awesome!	The Hotel Roger Williams far exceeded my expectations. The staff was very helpful and friendly. My friend and I were in New York for a weekend and when booking were only able to get a king size room. When we arrived they &quot;pulled some strings&quot; for us and got us a room with 2 double beds. The room, while small, was just perfect. The bathroom (again smallish) was put together beautifully. It really was a great use of space all around. What was surprising was that there was vitrually no sound coming into the room. We could not hear the streets below and did not hear any of the other guests on the floor. The location is great, too. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone!! I really loved it!	
Nov 28 2007 	Great hotel would recommend	Just returned from a three night stay at the Roger Williams Hotel and would definitely recommend it to all. The hotel isn't on the most exciting looking of streets but looked great all lit up inside and out with Christmas lights and tree!The hotel was clean and tidy, very modern and funky but also very comfortable. The staff were very polite and offered excellent service throughout our stay. We stayed in room 611 on the 6th floor. The room wasn't the biggest in the world, but not small either. We had a kingsize bed which was very very comfortable indeed. The bathroom was a good size also and had a shower and a bath. The wardrobe was big enough for a short stay and there was an iron, ironing board and umbrella in the wardrobe, plus an electronic safe. The room also had an alarm clock and a hairdryer in the bathroom which were also very useful. The mezzanine lounge changed from a breakfast bar / diner in the morning to a bar / resturant in the evening, very cleverly done! The breakfast was lovely. It offered a wide range of breakfasts and drinks all for a set price and you can have as much as you want. I would say that it is fairly expensive if you just want something small and a coffee but take some time and try a few things for breakfast to fill yourself up for the day and it is much better value! It was very nice though...We didn't eat at the hotel in the evening but all of the food looked very nice and the bar area was great for an evening drink before going up to bed. The hotel is only a 2-5 minute walk from the Empire State Building and Macy's and if you don't like walking the taxi's are so cheap to take you to places further afield. All in all I would definately recommend this hotel and can't fault it at all.	
Nov 25 2007	loved it.	Excellent . The staff was amazing and very attentive to the needs of the guests. The rooms were small but very nice and clean. You can go to any NYC atraction with a $6.00 cab ride. I would definetly stay again.	
Nov 17 2007 	Good place - recommended	This is a nice hotel in Midtown East Manhattan. Not the most exciting area of nightlife but reasonably handy for most places and NYC isn't the hardest place to get around!The hotel is a little on the small side but everyone makes you feel really welcome. There's a mezzanine bar that serves pretty decent drinks and food; perfect if you fancy a loosener before you go out or a night cap before you go to bed. I understand that there's a smallish gym there too but we didn't check that out, prefering to feel guilty rather than feel exhausted!The room we had wasn't the biggest in the world but prefectly adequate. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom and bedroom were really well kept and the room had a number of really nice little touches, e.g. a copy of Time Out New York and a copy of an insider's guide to the city located in the room.The hotel really ticked all the boxes and was really good value at the price we paid. Not the biggest or flashiest or most luxurious but a good hotel in a good location which had everything you needed and made you feel welcome.	
Nov 16 2007 	Gem of a Hotel.	Returned yesterday from a 5 day stay at the Roger Williams Hotel and must say how much we enjoyed our visit. The Staff were friendly and seemingly very concerned with their Clientals comfort. and enjoyment. - we were impressed! We were pleasantly surprised with the size of our 7th floor Room ( have stayed in much smaller ones in the U.K.) found it to have adequate wardrobe space for the lenght of our visit and the most comftable of beds that I have EVER slept in! Our window overlooked a courtyard below which meant peaceful nights as street noise was therefore negligible. Bathroom was rather compact (and I'm only 5ft) but thats a minor point I felt. The one thing I did like was that you needed the Room pass key to access the floors when using the Elevator - good security measure I thought..Buffet style Breakfast (very nice) was available on the Mezzanine level , which also doubles as the Bar area at other times serving snack meals - ate here on our first evening and were happy with our choice of food. Cocktails/Beer were pricy but I guess thats the norm. for Hotels anywhere!The Hotels location suited us as its only a few Blocks from 5th Ave shops and the Empire State Building etc. There are a variety of Restaurants/Bistros nearby our favourite being &quot;The Crooked Knife &quot; just around the corner from the R.W. on 30th street great atmospere in the Evenings!To sum up, we were very happy with our choice of Hotel (the hours spent researching on Trip Advisor paid off in spades) and based on our own experience would highly recommend it - in fact we hope to return next year with family.We loved New York and the Roger Williams Hotel.	
Nov 15 2007 	Stay away from here at all cost	Please please please take my advise on this and stay away from this hotel at all cost. I travel on business at least half the year all over the world and have stayed in about 20-30 hotels in Manhattan, and i say this not lightly having stayed in some really bad hotels in India, but please this is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in and i tried it 3 times and every time it just got worse, up until the last time when something so bad happened that i can't go into it on here or mention who the cause of it was as it won't let me. Just please fellow travelers listen to my warning, there is 1000's of hotels in Manhatten and you really would be better looking elsewhere.	
Nov 14 2007 	Good loction and value	A nice clean hotel in a great location.Small rooms, big breakfast, great coffee.overall very good, would stay here again	
Nov 5 2007	Lovely but WAY SMALL	The staff is GREAT, and the lobby and common rooms are lovely, but the rooms are WAY too small, and have NO counter space at all. This place would be great, in my opinion for a male business traveller, but not someone who was going to NYC for pleasure and needed space to spread out. If you have a make-up bag or hair products, they will have no where to live, and the closets are tiny -- my college dorm room was bigger. My small room here was just impossible for my friend and myself, so we moved one block down to the Carlton, which is lovely and much more spacious.	
Oct 10 2007 	Cool funky design great rooms great service fair price!	See review title. Sorry, to lazy to write a real review. It is a very nice NYC hotel, reasonably priced (we paid under $250 per night).	
Sep 24 2007 	Fabulous hotel for the price!	I had searched endlessly for two weeks to find a decent, but not overpriced, hotel in NYC for a girl's night last weekend. I needed to find a room that slept 4 (not easy to find in NYC without paying an arm and a leg). I came across the Hotel Roger Williams and immediately booked it. I got a travelzoo rate of $250/night for a room with 2 double beds. This place is very clean and feels like a brand new hotel. The pictures on their website are true to what it's like in real life and the hotel staff were the most friendly and accomodating that I've ever dealt with. The beds were sooo comfy and the room was a decent size. Bathroom was tiny though. We only had one snafu - our toilet overflowed and flooded the bathroom, but after a quick call to guest services, it was resolved within 30 minutes. Be forewarned though - except for the Aveda soaps and shampoos, there is a charge if you use everything else in the bathroom (toothbrush, razor, candle, etc). Also, since it was a girl's weekend, we had brought our own bottles of alcohol to drink in the room. The ice delivery person (there is no ice machine, you have to call and ask for it) saw our bottles and warned us that the housekeeping staff would add a charge to our bill if they saw them because there is a bar in the hotel. This didn't make any sense to me, but we didn't take our chances so I have no idea if this is true or not. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel. Great location too - the #6 subway stop is right around the corner.	
Sep 15 2007	this is a winner	small but well-appointed rooms. Room is clean and great bed. Air conditioning was a bit loud but well functioning.	
Sep 12 2007 	Thumb's up to the Roger!	The rooms at the Roger Williams were small but serviceable and the quirky little touches more than made up for it. I would call it a nice blend of modernity and old-school charm. There were cosy little quilts on the beds that helped liven up the room. And a sleek looking minibar with every 'trendy' snack or drink available on offer. Shame that they don't have a kettle for hot drinks as with other hotels. The room I stayed in had a tiny little window for some sunlight but because it faced a brick wall, I kept the screen shut most times.Staff were extremely friendly. There was a cab strike going on while I was there and they went out of their way to help me out. Even going as far as to negotiate good prices with the cabbies who weren't on strike. Very accomodating. It was nice to come back to such a homey place after a hectic day at Fashion Week. The concierge is very well-informed as to the IT joints to hit during the nights so you should ask him for recommendationsAs it was Fashion Week, the hotel was fully booked up by celebs and fashion types all round. I spied a few familiar faces so it looks like it's fairly popular with all.Had supper at their one and only restaurant cum bar and the food's good. Empahsis is on comfort and/or healthy food with some interesting choices. If you're looking for a tummy-busting brekkie buffet, you'd be sorely disappointed. Choices include muesli, bagels, croissants and the only warm-type food on display was a tray of creamy scrambled eggs.My only complain with the Roger Williams is that the bathrooms are tiny, cramped little things. But from what I understand, that's the standard in most NY hotels... unless you're forking our for The Plaza or something.It's centrally located in Midtown and you're pretty much a stone's throw away from most major must-go places in NY. Most things are about a 15-20 min walk, max.	
Aug 27 2007 	Welcoming Stay With Roger	Incredible stay from top to bottom, even with a glitch. I had to hit NYC for work and found a great rate on their website the week before the U.S. Open. The bellmen were the most welcoming and not just the first time you enter, but each and every time you arrive in the lobby. The maid staff were friendly and cheerful and the front desk staff were so accommodating. I reserved the wrong type of room on the hotel website by mistake, but because of extremely tight (and an almost sold out hotel) wasn't able to change it when I arrived. However, the front desk staff gave me enough options to choose from that worked. Staying in NYC isn't about the hotel...I'd hope that those who've written about the rooms will just get over it. You're there to see the city....go see the city. &quot;What good is sitting alone in your room?&quot; The hotel, however, is just as vibrant and such a welcoming relief from the day's travels. This was the best stay I've had in NYC in 12 years, and I've stayed in at least 30 hotels in the city. Go...and enjoy the hotel that brings hospitality back to the game...my friend ROGER!	
Aug 13 2007 	Great Midtown find!	My husband &amp; I stayed here for 1 Sat night while we were in NYC to see a broadway show. The hotel is very conveniently located at 31st &amp; Madison, which is close to 2 subway stations. (Only 3 blocks from the 33th&amp; Park station for green lines to go up to the Met/Central Park East, and 4 rather long blocks to 34th/Herald Sq subway for orange lines to Natural History Museum/Central Park West - can go downtown from either stations). It's a very nice safe area to walk around in midtown, even when walking home after an 8pm show (only 3 blocks from the empire state building, and 1 block off 5th Avenue shops). There were always plenty of other tourists walking around so we always felt safe. The lobby is very grand with very prompt doormen who are handy for calling cabs. Our room on the 6th floor was very nice - The room was snug but comfortably fit a king size bed, a bench at the foot of the bed, a wardrobe, a desk, and a wall-hung flat-screen tv. The bathroom was much tighter of a space, but functional &amp; had Aveda products, which was great. Everything was clean, and the whole hotel is smoke-free, which was a plus for us. The bed was very plush and the linens were silky soft. Of note, our room had no window, just a window shaped space at the head of the bed that was lit with lights from above, to simulate light coming through a window, i think. We didn't really miss having a view, but i guess some might. Our check-in &amp; check-out was very efficient. They even call you about10min after you check-in, just to make sure the room issatisfactory. The one thing that really stood out about this place was the extensive &quot;mini-bar&quot; offerings - from the standard min-fridge w/overpriced sodas &amp; liquors to half bottles of Louis Jadot white &amp; red wines on the counter to a full basket with snacks on the desk and a guidebook to NYC on the nightstand. Be mindful that you don't accidently take these items to be *free* and get charged $9 for a tin of breathmints! The same goes for the basket of goodies in the bathroom. Overall, we loved staying here! We booked on Hotels.com and paid about $200/nt, which we found was a good deal for a nicer hotel in this area of NYC. We didn't eat here, as there were lots of cheaper &amp; more interesting places to go for meals right nearby. We would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 6 2007	good and quiet modern hotel	Excellent hotel, matching the hotel's website.Friendly reception staff, quick and efficient check-in, clean and quiet and adequtely sized room with excellent bed. Small bathroom though with overly warm heating lamps that could not be turned off unless putting the bathroom in the dark.Small and a bit uncomfortable breakfast space.But a very good hotel overall with helpful staff, including very efficient hot meal room service!	
Aug 3 2007	MOST HORRIBLE HOTEL EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!!!!!	Please beware! This hotel falsely advertises its rooms to guests.My husband and I booked a Deluxe terrace room, as advertised in the information and pictures, as &quot;supposedly&quot; providing a large terrace overlooking the empire state and city. Not only did we not find the views, we could barely find the &quot;terrace&quot;; what we discovered was a tiny room, with a terrace not suffice enough for two people to stand on. In addtion, what was utterly disappointing was the manager's response to our complaint, oblivously indicating that there was nothing she could do. When we told her we had planned to reserve the room for a very special occasion, our wedding anniversary, she couldn't be less enthusiastic and at least trying to assist us.The Roger Williams counts on unsuspecting tourists who are at the mercy of their falsely advertised room views and amenities.Don't be fooled. In a city that prides itself on elite metropolitan accomodations, your money is best spent elsewhere!	
Jul 30 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	I've stayed at the Meridian, the W, and the Hotel Gaansvoort and Rivington and this is honestly the best hotel experience in NYC to date. It's chic but not overly pretentious. The front desk was courteous and helpful. The bellhops were cute. ;) The rooms were clean, a good size, and quiet. Excellent shopping and the Empire State building are within extremely short walking distance. I will be staying here again for certain.	
Jul 16 2007 	Charming unfussy boutique hotel	After trying out a handful of other relatively cheap, relatively cool New York hotels--the Hudson, the Gershwin, the WJ--I thought I'd try the Roger Williams, a small hotel with an impressively airy lobby on Madison Avenue not far from the Flatiron. For around $300 I booked a special package--Manhattan and a Terrace--which basically included free breakfast, two complimentary cocktails, and a 'garden terrace room' on the top floor of the hotel. The room was incredibly sweet: spacious, brightly colored, and surprisingly quiet; the 'garden terrace' was basically a small rectangle of rooftop overlooking the Empire State Building: perfect for a nightcap. I'd read on TripAdvisor about the IKEA-like furnishings, and, sure, the overall vibe skews toward Scandinavia (read: clean lines, lots of orange and blue and green). My only real complaint about the room was the way in which practically everything was for sale: the desktop is almost entirely taken over by bowls of candy and bottles of water and wine, all of them (of course) yours if you're willing to pay for them. Who wants to spend the night in a 7-11? (Or, I guess, something slightly more exotic: er, Tesco Express?) The staff was ingratiating; the breakfast was abundant and full of little surprises (fresh blueberries, real prosciutto); and, most importantly, I slept really well. It's so rare for me to have this positive an experience at a hotel that I figure this is all worth mentioning. I don't know what the other rooms are like, but I'd definitely take my chances, particularly if the price were right.	
Jun 28 2007 	Fabulous Service Funky Decor	I was set up in this hotel by my company for a 5-night business trip. The location is great, it's about two blocks from the Empire State Building, and close enough to Central Park to walk there on a nice day. Times Square is even closer.The service at the hotel is quite impressive. Extremely friendly and helpful staff at the front desk. The doormen are top-notch as well, always with friendly greetings and more than willing to stand out in the rain and hail a cab for you.The lobby, bar, and rooms have a sort of funky decor to them. It all looks relatively new, and quite clean. I think the hotel tries to be upscale and trendy, and it pulls it off.I can only think of a few down sides. The hotel price is steep, even for New York I think, though perhaps much of this is due to the time of year as well (late spring, early summer - a great time to be in NYC). The bathroom is tiny. Take a look at one of the user submitted pictures of the sink, which is perhaps 9 inches wide at best. It's located right up against a wall, so if you're right handed and trying to brush your teeth or comb your hair, you're in for a tough time. And one minor nitpick, the television was a nice new flat LCD, but it was quite small.All things considered, I'd highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 25 2007 	Fantastic Hotel - We will be going back!	We stayed at The Hotel Roger Williams in November 2006. We had a fantastic trip and we were very impressed with the hotel. I have stayed in NY city a few times before and this hotel was my best experience.Good points:1. Stylish, well appointed room. 2. Impressive, stylish reception area.3. Helpful, friendly staff.4. One of the best breakfasts I have ever eaten. Absolutely stunning buffet.5. Lovely atmosphere in the bar area for drinks in the evening.6. Great location.7. Super comfy and big bed.8. Good food in the bar area (light snacks etc). We ate there one evening and it was fab.Bad points:1. At a push would say.. Not the largest room ever (but the same as most NYC hotels), no view from our room.Loved the Hotel Roger Williams and will be going back soon.	
Jun 14 2007	Great Hotel	We picked the Roger Williams after looking at a lot of hotels and reading many reviews. It really was an excellent choice. It was very centrally located, within a short distance of everything. The accommodations were nice. The hotel itself is old, but they have done a fantastic job of renovating it. The accommodations are not five star but the service and amenities are and the beds are extremely comfortable. The service at the hotel was really top notch. The common areas were eclectic. There is a nice lobby area and breakfast room/lounge. There is also a decent workout room. All in all, it was a great experience. I highly recommend that you book one of the better rooms. The Classic rooms are extremely small.	
Jun 14 2007 	Convenient location and GREAT staff!	I stayed at The Roger for 3 nights for a mini-vacation from Boston. The staff was absolutely amazing in every aspect...quick to help, quick to greet, and quick to smile. They did everything and everything sincerely. As for the hotel itself, nice boutique feel to the lobby and &quot;bar&quot;. The room was quite small, but comfortable. The bathroom was definitely too small. But for the money, it is a great hotel in a great location. I would definitely stay again!	
Jun 8 2007 	Wonderful Place	My wife and I stayed at this hotel the weekend of May 26th. We had a great stay and everyone was extremely nice. The rooms are small (this has been covered by all), but not uncomfortably small. There was plenty of room for us. The place is very comfortable (rooms, lobby, bar, everything!), which I really enjoyed. It sort of made you feel at home. We plan on trying to stay there any time we come to NYC.	
Jun 5 2007 	An Excellent Choice!	I recently stayed 6 nights at the Roger Williams hotel (booking through a deal on lastminute.com) when on a trip to New York with a friend. We'd checked out the good reviews on this site and we were not disappointed.The hotel is in a great location - just a few blocks from the Empire State Building. We had flown into Newark airport and access to the hotel was really easy - either by yellow cab (note that they charge per meter from Newark), or taking the train to Penn Station which is really close. The staff were all very welcoming and friendly throughout our stay, with very courteous doormen seeing you in/out and flagging you a cab if needed. There is wireless connectivity in the hotel, but without a PC we were able to use a complimentary hotel computer to do our online check in on the way home and print our boarding passes.The room size (we had a standard double) was completely fine for two people - plenty of space for bags etc.. - and the bed was SOOo comfortable! The mini bar and in-room snacks were well stocked, and the flat screen TV was great. We were on the 14th floor and you didn't hear any street sounds.Breakfast was a nice spread, but there were also lots of cafe's and diners nearby if you wanted an alternative.I would definately recommend this hotel, and would stay here again if I ever visit NY for a second time.	
Jun 4 2007 	Loved it! A great recommendation!	This hotel was recommended to me by a colleague who had stayed there the previous year. I was struggling to find a central hotel with two double beds to accommodate me and my travelling companions including a nine year old girl, but the hotel fitted the bill perfectly. The room was huge by American standards and perfectly clean and well equipped. The beds (as mentioned in the previous review) were extemely comfortable. There was loads of space for three ladies and all our accompanying luggage and shopping including massive amounts of toiletries. We had a room on the 10th Floor and whilst without a view of any note, was really quiet and well placed. Staff were beyond courteous, but not patronising and the guys on the front doors were helpful and cheery not to mention cute!!! (Always a bonus)!We found it REALLY CENTRAL for all we wanted to see and within easy walking distance of most of the main attractions. All in all a wonderful place to stay and I would certainly recommend it !	
May 29 2007 	Fantastic service and perfect location	Got back yesterday from a booked at the last minute 4 night stay at the Roger Williams and couldn't fault it in any way. We arrived late on Thursday night, ordered room service and settled into the perfectly clean and comfortable room. Amazes me that people complain about the size of the rooms, nowhere in New York are you going to getvast rooms, but these are not the smallest we've experienced by far. Our room was a standard double and this was plenty big enough for 2 people with bags and bags of shopping. Bed was extremely comfortable,plenty of wardrobe and drawer space for a few nights stay and the bathroom was more than adequate. Large walk in shower and plenty of shelf space, ok it had a small basin (as one reviewer commented) but come on you only need it to wash your face and clean your teeth... not to bath in it.Used the hotels dry cleaning service which was extremely efficient and good value. Mini bar was well stocked and most of all the room was really quiet, you could only just make out the sound of the streets below if you turned off the aircon and tv and lent up against the window! The staff at the hotel were so helpful, recommending some lovely places to go and eat from a fairly expensive fish restaurant (BLT Fish off Union Square) to a reasonably priced ribs and burger restaurant (Blue Smoke on Park and 27th).Breakfast at the hotel was fairly expensive ($12) for a cold buffet but the hotel is so central that there are plenty of places within a 5 min walk to go and grab a full cheap spread and reception were happy to help by suggesting places.If you don't mind walking for more than 5 mins there is so much within walking distance as well, Empire State Building, Grand Central Station, 5th Avenue - Even the walk to Central Park is only 20 mins. All in all we had a really enjoyable stay and have already recommended it to friends hoping to go to New York later in the year.If you're looking for a smallish boutique hotel with a more personal service than a large chain then the Roger Williams is perfect. Looking forward to returning soon.	
Apr 29 2007	Nice boutique hotel	Nice, small boutique hotel. Rooms are on the small side, but well appointed. Staff very helpful. Breakfast at the hotel a must. Stay here if looking for a place with personality, rather than the usual chain hotels in NYC.	
Apr 3 2007 	Not a huge fan	We stayed during an unusually warm weekend for New York. Our room wasa sauna all weekend - to the point where my friend and I literally had to hang out in our underwear (nice and awkward) whenever we were in the room, getting ready, etc. I complained to hotel staff and the only solution they could come up with was to open our window. Believeit or not, that still wasn't much help due to the paper window covers. I didn't like the wooden floor/showers, and bathroom was tiny. I'm pretty sure the bed was the hardest I've slept on aside from a hotel in Germany where I once stayed. It was pretty conveniently located but I found it to be a bit&quot;snooty,&quot; (staff mainly).I wouldn't come back here - my normal fav. hotel is the Millenium Broadway &amp; it's much better for a variety of reasons.	
Mar 3 2007	Fabulous Hotel!	This was our first visit to New York and we were very happy with the Hotel Roger Williams. We got a superior room with a king size bed on the 12th floor and there was more than enough room. The room was well designed and decorated and we had a very atmospheric view from our room over the snowy roof tops of New York. The staff were very friendly and nice and always willing to assit. Your close to everything but also far enough away to get a bit of peace from the hustle and bustle. Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a modern contempory stay with a twist of New York style! Happy Holidays!!!	
Feb 24 2007 	Well Worth Price Paid	After reading all the reviews, we were concerned. However, for the price we paid, we cannot say enough good about this hotel. Using Priceline, we paid $300 / night, including all taxes and service charges, for a deluxe king. We called ahead to be specific as to the room we wanted (quiet, with views) and we got a corner room with which we were very happy. The staff could not have been nicer or more helpful, both before we arrived and during our stay. Whoever pointed out that this is not a real high-end boutique is correct. Paint has been &quot;slapped on&quot; in places, and the bathroom fixtures are American Standard, not Kohler or some other high-end brand. But the bed was great, the room was spacious and pretty, the hot water plentiful and powerful, the climate control fine, the cocktail lounge welcoming and fun, and the fitness room fantastic. I used the fitness room twice a day for four days and ran into only three other people, all on their way out or in. Also, the hotel arranged hard-to-get restaurant reservations for us. When we arrived at the restaurant, we were greeted by name, escorted to a wonderful table and given especially gracious service. It made for a very special evening. If we have any complaints, it was the charge of $3.25 for take-away coffee in the morning. Some charges are just annoying and that was one of them. Next time we go to NYC, we will stay at the Roger Williams.	
Feb 21 2007 	Unusually personal service!	We stayed for a weekend rendezvous with NYC friends, and the Roger Williams was SO great - bell boys and registration clerks remembered our names, service was super. Ran into someone else at the hotel who made the same comment. I even wrote the hotel later to compliment them on their service - and I almost NEVER do that!	
Feb 11 2007	Loved It !.	We stayed at the hotel between the 9th and 11th Feb. As we all know finding a good hotel in NY can be the equivalent of playing a game of russian roulette. The Roger Williams ticked all the right boxes. Great Location away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square but within comfortable walking distance of it. The Empire State Building is a 5 minute walk away. The room was a good size and decorated in a contemporary syle with nice touches (wall mounted flat screen TV, throw pillows and accent mirror). Bathroom was a bit small but was more than adequate.The staff were very friendly and the doormen were extremely helpful and polite. The mezzanine bar provides a cool location to enjoy a few cocktails.In summary we were extremely happy with our decision to stay at the Roger Wlliams and would have no hesitation in booking the hotel the next time we stay in NY.	
Feb 5 2007 	Great Place to Stay in NYC	We just returned from a weekend in NYC and a stay at the Hotel Roger Williams. The stay at this small, funky hotel was great. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful- above what I have found at similarly priced hotels. Rooms are not big, but cozy with bright colors and cool accent pieces. The decor was modern, warm and inviting. There is a mezzanine level with a bar and restaurant that has a nice relaxed atmosphere and good food and drink at reasonable prices. The breakfast is by far one of the best things about the stay- fresh fruit, croissants, and other goodies along with the daily papers. We commented several times that it reminded us more of a bed and breakfast than a hotel- just without the Laura Ashley decor. We will definitely stay there on future trips.	
Jan 31 2007 	A Memorable Stay	Stayed here while attending the New York Gift Show. We loved the hotel. It is modern and beautifully appointed with wonderful public spaces. There is a small bar area where breakfast is served as well as drinks and light lunch/dinner selections are offered. There are several wonderful restaurants within walking distance. The rooms are small but also lively, fun and modern. Whoever designed this hotel did a great job.The bathroom was very small but certainly had everything necessary. The staff is exceptional and very helpful. We felt very taken care of. I would have loved a coffee maker, but other than that it was a lovely hotel in a great location and I would certainly stay there again.	
Jan 14 2007 	Very Good Value	Hotel was clean,close to subway,fair priced for time stayed. My wife and two daughter stayed 12-26,27-06. Room was small, but laid out the right way so we were comfortable.All employees were excellent.And I mean all,we felt they were happy to help in any way. One pleasent surprize was that for 2 days parking only $40.00 .There are good places to eat in a few steps from front door.Will stay again .I stay in Hotels and Inns at least 90+nights a year.Andy	
Jan 8 2007	Best Hotel in New York	I stayed at the Roger Williams both for Thanksgiving and then for Christmas, for several days each visit. The staff is unbeatable and they are genuinely friendly, incredibly helpful, totally professional. Every interaction with a front desk person or bellman was exceptional. I will go back just for the staff. The rooms for both visits were each very well decorated and with heavenly beds. I had no noise problems either visit. All items functioned. I find the decor really fun and invigorating, and the setup of the room and the bathroom was ingenious. I was totally comfy in my room and felt so welcome by the staff. The location is perfect for my needs as it is close to Gramercy Park, Union Square and within walking distance to Soho, Times Square, etc. The immediate area is loaded with great restaurants, delis, yogurt and tea places. I found the price very reasonable for the accomodations and the service and the location. Can't recommend this highly enough! Bonnie from California	
Jan 2 2007 	Very unique in a good way	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Roger Williams on New Years Eve. I knew nothing about the hotel, but fell in love with the pictures on the website. In person, the hotel looks exactly as pictured. Very modern, very fun, although my boyfriend rightfully commented that it looked like we were staying in an Ikea Showroom. The room was smaller than others we've stayed in, but suited us perfectly. It was neat and comfortable. The bathroom was small, but what else do you need in the bathroom? We ate dinner in the lounge on the Mezzanine level. The drinks were tasty, as was the food ( I had the Salad Nicoise, he the Beef Carpaccio) . All in all, we had a very nice time and I would recomend the hotel to anyone who doesn't want to stay in a &quot;cookie-cutter&quot; hotel.	
Dec 31 2006 	ups and downs	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Roger Williams after reading the mixed reviews on Tripadvisor. The week was ultrabusy with school vacation and holiday activities well in gear. The hotel is in the Murray Hill area...not known to me from previous trips to NYC. It is colorful to say the least...and the staff are very helpful and friendly. Rich, the manager of food service was a graduate of Johnson and Wales in Providence ...so we tapped his knowledge of restaurants in the city. The room is tiny and the bathroom microscopic but clean...the front desk person also helps with concierge duty...again hit or miss. Travelzoo rates made the stay a plus...but I would probably skip a rebooking at full fare.	
Dec 29 2006 	Better stay at the Mercer!	First of all, this hotel cannot manage it's bookings well, you are wise to double and triple check your reservations!We booked two roof terrace rooms and received two confirmation numbers. Three days later we received one confirmation email. A twenty minte phonecall reveals that we only have one room booked, so we had to book another. There is much confusion as they appear to have two seperate systems, a centrally managed helpline and a local system, and the two may not always sync!Two days before arrival, we get a call to confirm our bookings, a very pertinent, some may say rude lady, patronisingly going through the details to ensure I have got them right!Arrival at the hotel. Foyer and reception areas are great. Spacious, well designed and welcoming. Free internet is unfortunately just one laptop placed on the side of the reception desk. All a bit ad-hoc.Rooms were poor. When we stayed there was heavy construction work going on right next door, nothing was mentioned when booking, it made the roof terrace not exactly private and the noise was unbearable! A request with reception was handled efficiently, although they did try to tell us that the builders 'will be very quiet'. Of course they will!!Anyway, room standard is below average. They room is hastily and poorly decorated, paint finishes are awful, air con ineffective and loud, bathroom is cheap and unmaintained. It's just not what you expect from a medium to high end boutique hotel. I can only imagine that all the other reviews on tripadvisor are from people who are used to staying in TravelLodge's and hence this really is a step up! The wardrobe was a freestanding affair, awqardly placed, chipped mirror front containing four coat hangers!Basically, for the money this is appalling. Having stayed at the likes of The Mercer, 60 Thompson etc these are far far better designed, serviced and maintained for an equal cost to Roger Williams. Couldn't recommend unless you managed to secure a huge discount.	
Dec 23 2006 	Absolutely wonderful!	We just returned today from our stay at this hotel. I feel very sorry for the previous people who stayed there recently and wrote such a bad review. Those type of people will never be happy anywhere! Completely ignore their review. We live 2 hours from NYC and travel their about every 2 months. Our family has been all over the world, stayed in the finest hotels, b&amp;b's, etc. and we love The Hotel Roger Williams. We have stayed there now 4 times and I will not stay anywhere else from now on. First of all, this is a boutique hotel which is exactly what we want. If you're looking for the crazy large chain hotels, this is not your hotel. If however, you want modern, hip surroundings with the most polite, friendly staff, you will love this hotel. Yes, the rooms are small but so are most apartments in NYC where the real locals live. Quality is not based on size. The rooms are modern, great colors, plasma screens on walls. As for the price, all you have to do is go to the hotel's website and check their specials they run. We only paid $299.00 for a room with 2 double beds. The screens in front of the windows are mainly for privacy and yes the windows are older but most hotels are in older buldings that have been renovated. Our room had a window facing the empire state building and it was lit up with green and red lights for Christmas and it was really pretty at night. Pay the extra money and get the breakfast the next morning. They bring in different foods from different restaurants and they play cool relaxing music in a great atmosphere where you eat on the mezzanine level. I cannot recommend a more wonderful staff. Every single person there was what we still wish to see in all travel environments but rarely do. I've taken my 66 year old mother, teenagers, my husband and I- all ages loved it!	
Dec 22 2006 	The Roger Williams was a nightmare.	We paid $400 for a one night stay at the Roger Williams the night of Dec. 16th, (booked through ORBITZ) and it was the worst hotel experience we have ever had. The room was minuscule - even for New York standards- and we travel there frequently. For example the night stands (attached to the walls) were less than 12 inches wide, and the bathroom sink was probably not much wider than that. We literally felt &quot;wedged&quot; into the tiny bathroom.There was no closet - just a tiny wardrobe about 2 1/2 feet wide. The worst part is that there was no window! Actually there was a cheap mockup of a &quot;Japanese screen&quot;in front of a dilapidated old window that they obviously wanted to hide. Walls were paper thin. At 4:00 in the morning we were woken by a guest blasting a CD - 4 floors below us (we were on the 8th floor). The &quot;concert&quot; lasted until 5:00 a.m. with only excuses from the hotel staff.Even walking in the hallway of the hotel felt claustrophobic - it was so narrow that there wasn't room for two people to walk side by side. And I seriously doubt that anyone over 6'2&quot; would fit - the ceilings were incredibly low.The very ample and lovely lobby was deceptive - this hotel is an overpriced DUMP. Travelers beware- of both the Roger Williams and of using Orbitz for hotel bookings. We will avoid both in the future.	
Dec 21 2006	we love roger	Fantastic hotel. Beautufully decorated public areas and rooms.Room very comfortable with lots of extras available if we wanted them e.g.stocked fridge and bathroom goodiesExceptionaly helpful staff	
Nov 29 2006 	High Design Low Budget	We really enjoyed the snazzy rooms. Great look and outstanding design, accomplished on a budget. Staff friendly and accommodating. Breakfast good. Unfortunately, our room was quite warm on a visit in November and did not have an air conditioner that functioned properly. Sleeping was a problem; not something you'd expect for $400+ a night. In addition, the street noise is a real issue if you open your window to cool the place down. Expect garbage trucks and other hubbub of Manhattan to wake you up around 6am. On the whole an acceptable choice in a challenging hotel market for visitors to New York.	
Nov 15 2006 	Excellent Hassle free	Just got back from 5 night stay at the Roger Williams New York. Stay was superb from start to finish.Check in never been simpler just gave them my name and they knew how long we staying for no fobbing round for travel documents. Taken straight to room by bellboy, didn't really get the feeling that the staff were pressing for tips for everything as they sometimes do in the states. Room very modern, and clean. Bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. Bathroom a bit small but was clean and did the job.Found desk staff very helpful willing to point you in the right direction for places to see eat out e.c.t. Didn't eat in the hotel as we wanted to get out and about so can't comment on it.Location just what we wanted away from the time square tourist traps but not miles away from everything. Very short walk to 33rd station on the 6 line. To top it off on checking out we went for a last walk round the Big Apple and after leaving the luggage while we went out the doorman asked if we would like a car to Newark airport, we presumed he was going to hail us a cab. When we returned to leave for the airport couldn't beleive it when our cases were put in the back of a Bentley Continental for our return to the airport, and only 65 dollars including tolls. Really nice driver as well who chatted to us all the way back. A very nice way to end a superb holiday. Thanks to all at the hotel for making our stay such a comfortable and enjoyable stay.	
Nov 1 2006 	What do you want more in NYC ?	Nice, cute and clean hotel in NYC. Location is perfect for shopping, business or cultural events. I slept in NYC so many times (mainly in more expensive hotels), but this was probably my best choice. The rooms are relatively small and somehow noisy, but clean and fancy and the staff very professional and kind. Together with Tokyo, Venezia and Firenze, NYC is probably the most difficult city where you can get a good price/quality ratio hotel.So even though the hotel is a little expensive for the average traveller, the service is really good. Therefore &quot;What do you want more in NYC ?&quot;	
Oct 31 2006 	Disappointed	The hotel is well located and stylish. However, there were a number of fundamental problems that left me disappointed with the Roger Williams. First, they didn't have the deluxe terrace room we booked available for us when we arrived. We had to move midway through our stay. Secord, neither &quot;deluxe&quot; room we stayed in had the king sized bed promised on their website or in our booking. Third, at the end of October, the heat was not working. Our room wouldn't warm past 58 degrees. The promised space heater never arrived. Fourth, while rain shower heads look nice in the design mags, those at the RW don't produce any water pressure. Perhaps they should re-name them &quot;drizzle&quot; shower heads. Its was awfully hard to rinse those fancy Aveda products out of my hair, as I stood shivering in the icy cold air. I am not one of those folks who complains about room size or traffic noise - its New York for heaven's sake. But at $450 a night I would expect some of the simple comforts - like heat and water, and the bed I was promised - to be delivered.	
Oct 28 2006 	Cozy and HIGH class!	I landed in JFK just before 6 am from a red-eye cross country flight, managed to find my way by cab to the hotel. I was a total mess, but was greeted by friendly welcoming and helpful people in the beautifully decorated lobby. They assisted me to finding my room with my luggage. Don't be alarmed at how small the elevators are - you may have to wait your turn if you check in at a high traffic time. It is a historic building after all, but updated so well it only adds to its charm.The room itself was also small, however was made up so perfectly it left nothing more to be desired. Decorated with contemporary furniture and cheerful colors, it was much more modern than I had expected. The king sized bed took up most of the room, but was worth it as it was made up with soft white sheets, a down comforter, and a colorful quilt. There was a desk and a flat screen wall mounted TV. The wardrobe had a full length mirror and there was a cushioned bench at the foot of the bed. The bathroom was also amazing; green marble counter tops, stainless steel sink and stocked with great products. I couldn't have been happier - especially considering how in need of a nap i was.We only stayed for a long weekend but loved coming home to this hotel each night. We were within comfortable walking and cab distance to everything we wanted to do in the city or the village. The price I found on line was unheard of at the time, the rates were usually twice as high. If you find a good deal, snap it up. Or if you think you're worth it at full price, you won't be disappointed. One of my top 3 favorite hotels I've ever stayed in!	
Oct 2 2006 	Hands Down Best Hotel in NYC I've Ever Been To (and probably anywhere....)	I recently stumbled upon the Hotel Roger Williams quite by accident. I was originally checked in at the Kitano Hotel, which was a nightmare from beginning to end, and I decided quickly that I needed to find somewhere else. I vaguely remembered someone telling me about the Hotel Roger Williams, so I thought I would take a stroll down Madison Avenue to check it out and see what kind of rates they could offer. From the moment I stepped in, I was greeted with the kind of friendliness usually reserved for somewhere where people still wave to strangers. As I spoke to the woman at the front desk, I was almost alarmed at her helpfulness. It can really catch you off guard in a city like New York. Before I knew it, I was checked in for the weekend, and so was my colleague (who hadn't even wanted to change her hotel, but was so charmed by the woman at the front desk and the overall quality the hotel, that she decided to book in as well).The stay itself lived up to the hype - and actually surpassed my expectations. The rooms were a good size for Manhattan, very well decorated, with super, super comfortable beds, and the overall attention to detail was truly impressive. I was in the city partly for business and partly for pleasure, and the hotel did a great job of meeting requirements for both. Their creative use of space meant that we had a desk, with ample space for working, without feeling cramped. The free wireless was also helpful (don’t you hate it when hotels charge for internet?). We found a Time Out New York, and a book on New York City's hidden treasures waiting for us in the room, Aveda products in the bathroom, and a whole host of useful toiletries which you could purchase for a very reasonable price. (For anyone who travels as much as I do, I'm sure you'll appreciate how convenient this is - if I had a penny for every time I've forgotten my toothpaste or razorblade...) The customer service was absolutely top-notch throughout our entire stay. Even the food in the restaurant was great!All in all, I had fantastic stay, at very reasonable price for mid-town Manhattan. To put my review in perspective, I travel for work about 6 months out of the year throughout North and South America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa. So, I pretty much live half my life in hotel rooms. I struggle to think of a better overall experience I’ve had anywhere else. Certainly, in New York City, this is will be my top-choice from here on out.	
Sep 12 2006 	A really cute colourful hotel	This hotel has luxuriously comfortable beds, and the beautiful and colourful decor in the rooms were a joy to come back to. It feels warm and individual. Our bathroom was small but had a large shower which was perfect, (I put the plug in had a 'mini bath' anyway!) and the free Aveda products were a treat! Every morning we walked up Madison Avenue to Grand Central Station and had breakfast at The Pershing Rooms...amazing breakfasts!	
Aug 31 2006	Excellent Customer Service	From the second I walked in, this was an impressive customer experience. A porter took my bags to the front desk, giving my name and desire to check in. After being in my room for about 10 minutes, reception called to make sure everything was OK. Half an hour later, someone arrived to deliver complimentary water and fresh fruit. Everytime I went down to the lobby, the staff were always smiling - hailing cabs for me, directing me to restaurants etc. As I work for a company that is striving to deliver a superior customer experience - I appreciate what this hotel is doing - let's hope they keep it up - the entire staff should be commended.	
Aug 23 2006	Horrible discriminatory staff	The snobby hotel staff was rude and condescending. They even let several people go in front of me even though I was standing right in front of them! This hotel should be avoided at all costs. Moreover, the rooms are so small you cannot even open your suitcase. This is not an exaggeration. I had to put my suitcase on my bed to get things out.	
Aug 19 2006 	Homey comfortable and convenient	Stayed at the Roger Williams for four nights mid August for business mostly. I was on my own so wanted a hotel that was accessible, comfortable and safe. I did tons of searching re: price, convenience, location and comfort and decided on this hotel. The exterior pictures concerned me a bit because it looked so austere in a neighbourhood that seemed almost deserted, strange for NYC. I was pleasantly surprised that it was not really so - Madison at 31st is so close to everything - and the hotel's interior is so warm and inviting I felt instantly at home. A beautiful fresh arrangement of orchids greets you as you walk in with brightly coloured chairs in the lobby; in the evening lots of candles. The doorman was very pleasant and brought my suitcase right in - had a hello and &quot;have a good day&quot; every morning and an open door and hello every evening. I agree, the staff is extremely helpful and pleasant. My room had no view (;c( and although the windows opened for some fresh air, the air circulating/conditioning units 5 floors down were very noisy. I did have a problem with the tub holding water (a hot bath was a must after pounding the pavement all day) but the front desk moved me to another room after they found it would not be a quick fix.All in all, this hotel helped to make my trip very enjoyable. Even with the slight problems mentioned above, I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 13 2006 	AMAZING Staff and Value	A colleague of mine stayed at the hotel for extended periods in 2005 and 2006 during a long term assignment. We both fell in love with the place:1) Amazing Staff - very friendly, bend-over-backwards helpful and kind. Good management comany (Oceana Hotel Group), they own four properties in LA and NYC. The concierge (Neil) is a young guy and a New York native and has legitimately good restaurant / nightlife recommendations.2) Great Lounge - the hotel was recently renovated by a notable NYC archtect (I forget the name) and the lounge was designed to feel like your living room at home, which it does. The drinks are great, and food is quite exceptional. They have a great cheese board, as well as a number of appetizers, sandwiches, and a small selection of entrees. The portions are a tad on the small side but fine. Prices are standard NYC hotel bar prices but way above par in terms of quality.3) Nice Rooms - the rooms are well-decorated and modern. Internet is free throughout the hotel via WIFI. The beds are very comfortable. The hotel is slightly oddly configured (there is a church attached to some of the property) so there is a large varielty off room designs and layouts.Room size note - any 'standard price' hotel room in New York City, especially in an older building, is going to be small. Rooms range in size from tiny to generous, with the bulk being just fine. The tiny rooms are ones that are only sold on high-occupancy nights and the staff will gladly switch you to another room if one is available.4) Excellent location - located only five blocks away from several large companies, Madison Square Park, nice walk to Union Square, three blocks from Empire State Building, a good number of restaurants in the area (and growing). Short cab ride to Central Park, Lower East Side, Village, etc.5) Price - the company I work for has a prenegotiated rate with the hotel that makes it a no-brainer. If you work for one of the companies in the area I'd definitely check it out.	
Aug 8 2006 	Classy hotel	Such a wonderful hotel! I have had bad experiences in NYC before and was skeptical we could find a good hotel in a convenient location. Granted we cabbed it everywhere, but was as easy to get to the Met as it was to get to the Village. Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 23 2006	Pied a terre at the Roger Williams	Our room was quite small at the Roger Williams, although we've come to realize that miniscule rooms are normal in Manhattan. It was well-designed and very comfortable nevertheless (even though for a 5-night business/pleasure stay we grew tired of using our suitcases as drawers, as there was only a small closet in which to stow things -- they did, however, bring us more hangers when we requested them). I was glad for the windows that opened for fresh air, and our room was very quiet. Not much of a view where we were, but there might have been one higher up. Bathroom, although small, was very clean and luxe (the shower itself was a good size). I was glad for our hanging toiletries bag, as counter space is limited. The room was well outfitted with flat screen tv, safe, comfy bed (and pillows -- so important!), attractive, modern furnishings, and nice amenities. Service was great; doormen always there to help out, front desk staff were welcoming and friendly (gave us recommendations for fun restaurants nearby), and staff at the small but hip and cozy lounge on the mezzanine level got to know us. By the way, they serve a fab ginger-something cocktail. We ate there a couple of times when we just wanted a simple, casual dinner, and it was perfect. We only did the breakfast buffet once; it was generously loaded with great fresh pastries and all kinds of goodies, but at $12 each, we were hovering around $30 for breakfast with tip et al. I loved the location and proximity of so many good neighborhood restaurants, from bagel places in the a.m. (and a sweet little cafe just a few doors down), to wonderful Korean and Japanese food, and a very reasonably priced french bistro just a few blocks away. Some of the restaurants in times square seemed like real tourist traps in comparison. It's very close to the empire state building, and nicely located for walking adventures. We'd stay again.	
Jul 16 2006	I'll go again	My wife and I stayed here for our 21st wedding anniversary, and they upgraded us to a terrace room for no additional fee. The room was very clean with a view of the Empire State Building, overlooking Madison Ave. We picked it for the location and price, and it's a winner.	
Apr 27 2006 	Excellent hotel for the price	I stayed in the Hotel Roger Williams in Feb 2006 for a work trip, and was very impressed. I'm not sure I have ever stayed in a hotel where I was so impressed with the staff. They are super-friendly, efficient and extremely helpful. The hotel itself is nice, although as with many New York hotels the rooms are a bit on the small side but well decorated and quite trendy. The pictures on their website are accurate. the second time I stayed there, I was welcomed back with a room upgrade to a penthouse room, with a huge terrace with a great view of the Empire State building, and a card from the manager - nice touch. The hotel is centrally located on Madison Avenue. Overall, very good. I'd definately stay there again.	
Apr 25 2006	Loved the Roger Williams	Stayed at Roger Williams for a weekend of shopping in March. All of the staff were friendly and helpful. Beds were extremely comfortable and you couldn't help but sink into the lovely crisp white sheets and tons of pillows. Fun, modern decor including a blue resin floor lamp and brightly coloured quilts. The bathroom was of adequate size (the shower was actually quite roomy) and stocked with Aveda products. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 24 2006	Small small rooms - but good price	The hotel is a bit trendy with an art deco feel to it. I suppose most hotel rooms in New York are tiny but this literally left room for one bed and dresser. Beware, this is not a room you should plan on hanging out in. It was just me and my husband and we felt like we were on top of each other. With that said, we got a great deal for $199 and this was a very nice clean hotel for that price. The location was good and walking distance to Union Square. It's a quiet area of town so you SHOULDN'T have revelers making noise all night. But the walls are paper thin, that we had to get management to talk to the room next to us to ask them to stop making so much noise at 2am on a Thursday night. The walls are so thin you can easily overhear coversations so if you think you are communicating in private here, think again! Very nice friendly service however and we didn't bother dining here since there are so many wonderful alternatives to this hotel's dining.	
Apr 23 2006	Wonderful little hotel	The Hotel Roger Wiliams is a wonderful boutique hotel located on Madison and 31st street.Everyone in the hotel is extremely friendly and helpful with whatever you need.The door men are not particularly good at their jobs, we had to hail our own taxis and open and close our own doors....so for that they lose points on luxury!The rooms are small but very neat and clean. The bathroom is also very small but things are well placed and the shower is very roomy with a rain shower head. Overall, the value was great for what we paid.	
Apr 17 2006	Fab hotel!	I'm infatuated with this hotel.Immaculate, modern rooms,reasonable rates and attentive service. Big, fluffy towels and Aveda amenities. And the bed is amazing. Really.I took the redeye in from L.A. and was allowed to check in eight hours early without any hassle whatsoever. In fact, every staff member I encountered, from front desk to bellhop to server, was, without exception, genuinely friendly, positive, and accomodating. The hotel offers a good European-style breakfast, which was included in my room rate.The location of the hotel makes it easy to walk practically everywhere, although the subway is just a short distance away.The only negative to consider is the noise from the street-facing rooms can be a bit intrusive, but that's NYC. If you want peace and quiet, go to Maine instead.	
Apr 13 2006 	Much too small!	The rooms are much too small! The bathroom was so small, you had to turn sideways to get into it! There was no dresser or drawers to place any clothes in. There was a charge for everything! (toothbrush, toothpaste, &quot;free&quot; internet, etc.) Although the restaurant had very good meals, I think that was the only good part about this hotel.The price is much too high for what you get.	
Apr 11 2006	A great place to stay!!	My husband and I recently stayed here and it was marvelous!! From the moment we walked into the hotel the staff was very helpful and pleasant. The rooms were a decent size and had everything you could possibly need right there for you. It was extremely clean!! I am just so overly excited about this hotel. I have never stayed in NY before so I was unsure of what to expect. I will definatly go back and stay here. The location was excellent it was waking distance to everything!	
Apr 7 2006	Beware of $250 'Smoking Fee' scam!!	The hotel itself is cute, and in a decent location. Rooms are small, but trendy and modern. Overall, an OK stay, but not worth the rack rate. My big gripe, however, is that about a week after checking out and getting my credit card bill, I saw that they stuck a $250 charge on my credit card, separately from the total charge for the hotel stay. When I called to find out what this was, I was transferred to Accounting, and finally told that this was a &quot;Smoking Fee&quot;. Given that I am a nonsmoker, I was shocked! Apparently, the housekeeping staff reported that my room had been smoked in. It took a week and three calls to get the situation cleared up. In the end, they weren't even apologetic. They made it seem like they were giving me a &quot;free pass&quot;. I was insulted and would never, ever recommend this place. If you do go, I would recommend you carefully check your credit card bill afterwards.	
Apr 5 2006	Better than 'Heavenly' Beds!!!	We loved the playfully-colored room and the super-comfortable king-size bed!! Usually you can't wait to get home to your own bed, but this bed made you want to stay in the hotel room all day. The doormen were always friendly and at attention, the front desk people smiling and helpful, and we even got a fantastic deal for the entire weekend.Easy access to the subway, and good delis, cafes, and fantastic korean food nearby! We only wished we could get the paper delivered to our door instead of having to go find one ourselves, that the elevators were a bit more roomy, and that there were not so many things for sale scattered throughout the room. Otherewise, this was a very comfortable, cute boutique hotel to stay at, and we'd definitely go again.	
Apr 4 2006	Warm welcoming trendy hotel	Have just returned from a 6 night stay at The Roger Williams. Everything about it was perfect. After a very long and tiring journey arriving to such warm, friendly and helpful staff really made an excellent start to our holiday.The hotel is very well located - near a subway, short walk to Empire State Building with plenty of good delis and restaurants nearby. We could not have asked for more. We got a great rate on our room which made it extremely good value for money. The rooms were bright and colourful and the beds SO comfortable. I agree with other reviews, the bathroom was very tiny, but the shower itself was roomy and very good.This really is a lovely hotel and I would certainly recommend it.	
Mar 30 2006	Wonderful hotel; super-friendly and helpful staff!	Everything was perfect!! My husband and I stayed here at the end of March '06. Great room, very clean, and given NYC standards, it was decent size. The beds were so comfy! Bathroom a bit small; but it's New York.All of the employees were quite nice and helpful. We felt well-taken care of. The European breakfast was an unexpected delight -- excellent food, beautiful dining area.Don't be thrown off by any negative reviews. This is a WELL-PRICED, very chic hotel in mid-town! It's a gem!!	
Mar 15 2006	Great Service Cute and Clean!	My sister and I stayed at the Roger Williams over the weekend of March 10th. We had a late flight and didn't arrive until 1am, just as the restaurant/bar was closing. The staff was very helpful in getting us checked in and had several recommendations for late night food in the area. We also received an upgrade to their garden terrace room on the penthouse floor!While the room was small (normal in NYC, I hear), it, like the rest of the hotel was bright and cheery, clean, and very comfortable. The staff (desk clerks, doormen, cleaning staff) were all very friendly and helpful.Breakfast was a bit pricey, but not really all that much by New York standards and had a good selection of pastries, bagels, cereal, fruit, coffees, and teas.We really liked the area of town, too. It is mostly residential, so feels safe and is quiet at night and was only a 15 minute walk or $5 cab ride from good shopping and busier attractions further up Madison. Only a few blocks from Empire State Building, too.Overall, we really liked the Roger Williams. It was a great value and I know I would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 6 2006	A little funky and a great value	My wife and I stayed there the weekend of March 3-5 and really enjoyed it. We booked the rate through their website ($219 a night) and had a great room with good colors with a big bathroom by NYC standards. The hotel is a boutique hotel and with the colors looks like it should be in California or Florida.The service was excellent and I have no complaints at all. The gym has good machines, flat screen TVs and they make good use of the space. We did not eat or drink there, but the bar is open until 1am.Self-service parking or valet parking around the corner was a big help also. Neat little area if you want to get out of Times Square and explore Murray Hill and be within walking distance of shopping on 34th Street or great eats by Union Square.	
Feb 22 2006	Trendy But Friendly Hotel	Loved my stay at the Roger Williams Hotel. Convenient to Midtown as well as Chelsea &amp; the Village and close to subway. Rooms are a bit small but well designed with colorful furnishings and incredibly comfortable beds (so soft and cozy).Great view of Empire State building (watch the lights go out at midnight!). Elevators small but no waiting time experienced during weekend stay. Paid a great interenet rate (saturday full price with sunday free!) and was treated wonderfully by the friendly staff. No problem with request for two double beds, room with a view, and allowed early check-in. Be aware of the daily surcharge per person.	
Feb 22 2006	Wow - what a great hotel.	Just got back from NYC - stayed at Roger williams.Wow - what a great hotel. Great decor - modern, clean look. The room was pretty big (for NYC that is :)), the bed was super comfortable. Staff very friendly. They also have a gym and a restaurant/lounge... drinks are a bit pricey but its very nice to chill in anyway....Also - great location. Totally worth the price :)	
Feb 21 2006 	Nice Boutique hotel - Good Value	Stay: Feb 19 - 21, 2005 GOOD: Hotel has character. Lobby was very nice - a modern colorful spin...loved the colors throughout the hotel. The room was spacious (deluxe king) and comfy. Loved the NYC travel book in the room for use during the stay - found great spots based on the recommendations. FREE WI-FI. Great lobby. Friendly staff. VERY CLEAN and recently remodeled. Aveda products. Good location - in the middle of everything, but not in the middle of everything. Flat screen TV. Good value for location. Would stay again. BAD: No coffee maker in room. Cold room. A bit loud due to construction. Concierge recommendations so-so. Had candles throughout room but nothing to light with. Tons of goodies - snacks, lotions etc, but for a $$$. Bathroom was small (average NYC size). Warnings: Room was cold. Loud due to construction next door.	
Feb 21 2006	Great Hotel Excellent Location	I chose this hotel after reading the glowing reviews here at tripadvisor. The hotel room was very clean, sleek and modern. Lovely, cozy lobby. Cabs at the door. Most sights within easy walking distance. Unfortunately, it was around 25 degrees our entire trip so it was very brisk walking for us. Do take a trip to the Empire State Building which is a few blocks away at night and see the city in all of its sparkly glory.The beds and down comforters are high quality. They supply AVEDA bath products - nice plus. We did not eat the breakfast but right across the street is TASTY cafe. Not too fancy but you can get a good bagel, coffee and OJ for under $5.00 which can be hard to come by in NYC pricewise. My husband and I will definately be coming back to stay at the Roger Williams Hotel. Also, staff and service were friendly, efficient and very helpful.	
Feb 20 2006	Hip hotel in a great location	We stayed at Roger Williams for one night between Christmas and New Year's. The rooms are small but stylish, and the beds are heaven. One elevator was broken, but they were repairing it and everything else-- service, etc. was wonderful. The location was blissfully quiet at night (sometimes hard to sleep in the city that doesn't)yet convenient to all the sights. Just watch out for charge add-ons --the extra basket of goodies in the bathroom all cost extra is you use it and the breakfast served in the morning is not free as intimated when you check in. We got an excellent internet price and I'd definately return here.	
Feb 16 2006 	Fabulous Hotel	A lovely hotel with friendly service from everyone from reception to doormen. Very comfortable beds to relax in after a hard day. Not really a destination restaurant but ok if you want to grab a bite to eat without venturing out. Good cocktails though and buffet breakfast. Stylish reception area.	
Jan 30 2006	Good hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Roger Williams for a long weekend. We did really like the location as a subway station was close by and we could also walk a lot of places. As other reviews mention, the bedding was really comfortable. I did not think the room was anything special. Really small and we had no view. While we liked the hotel, we would probably try a different hotel on our next visit.	
Jan 3 2006	Great service- Great deal! Loved it!	Just returned from an overnight stay at the Roger and it was terrific. The staff was particularly pleasant and welcoming. We arrived earlier than we had expected / much earlier than check in time and we were given our room with no fuss and no questions asked. House keeping was great , with super-quick (almost immediate!) response to our request for extra towels.The room itself was very nicely styled, great TV with loads of stations, clean and smallish but standard size for a Midtown hotel. Plenty of storage space in the closet and a lovely bathroom with fantastic shower. Of note was the incredibly comfortable bed and bedding - could have slept for days! It was a great place to come back to after a long day and night on the town. We had not heard of this hotel prior to our visit. We took a chance on the Roger -and you should too!	
Dec 29 2005	A wonderful Hotel!	Myself and my two children enjoyed our stay at the Roger Williams so much we feel we needed to tell everybody about it. Philip on reception greeted us and was more than helpful. The room was a good size,and was spotless.Looking left out of our window we had a good view of the Empire State Building, which at night, when lit up looked amazing.The most comfortable beds awaited us every night, giving us a fantastic nights sleep.The Breakfast was a little expensive,but most enjoyable. My family now deams of our return trip.....	
Dec 28 2005	Wonderful Boutique Hotel!!	From the moment we walked into the Hotel Roger Williams...there was an atmosphere of beauty and friendliness. The doors were opened for us...we were welcomed as we came in and bid a 'good day' as we walked out! The rooms are all different. When I made the reservation (months before!), I asked for a larger room as we'd have 3 adults. They upgraded me to a Superior Room for no extra charge...but it's not like the rates are bargain rates! The rooms are expensive...but the location is superb. Being a boutique hotel, there are no cookie-cutter rooms. Our room was a decent size by NYC standards, but small by any other city's standards! There were 2 double beds, a desk, a large TV, a tiny closet which included shelves for clothing, lots of lamps, and a nice area of SPACE to spread out your stuff! Each bed had a bench on the foot of it...where we put our suitcases. The room decor is all primary colors - nice to awaken to!! The bedding was wonderful - down comforters and nice quilts. The windows were &quot;very cool&quot; - ours had an electric room darkening shade, and a screen that slid shut instead of drapes. The bathroom was nice - nice sink, nice shower stall, mediocre water pressure but it had a &quot;rain showerhead&quot; as well as a showerhead on hose. The hotel is on the corner of 31st and Madison. We were able to walk everywhere - location was wonderful! I spent many late nights on my laptop in the Mezzanine Lounge - the entire hotel in wireless. The lounge is small and lovely...and I met overfriendly business people! There are numerous private little conversation nooks in the main lobby...velvet with curtains, leather with contemporary tables..so inviting!! In case you don't bring a computer, they have a laptop in the lobby which you are welcome to use 24/7! They will print for you...ANYTHING you want...they will do for you! There is also a nice workout room in the hotel...I didn't use it! :)) Security: You can't push any buttons in the elevators without inserting your roomkey. I would highly recommend this hotel and I can't wait to return. If NYC hotels were just a little bit more affordable..that would be nice. Keep an eye open for specials that the Hotel Roger Williams may run. I noticed one just after I checked out! Overall, the HRW got an A+ rating from me!	
Nov 22 2005	Highly Recommend Hotel Roger Williams	I stayed at Hotel Roger Williams the week of Nov 13th. This is the best experience I've ever had at a hotel. How many times do you see pictures of a hotel on their website and it really looks like the pictures???? Every single thing I saw on the internet was in this room with the exception of the bathroom. I'm guessing that the bathroom pictured on their website was for a different guestroom. I was still pleased with the bathroom I got. The linen on the beds was very clean and comfortable. As a matter of fact when I got back from my trip I went shopping for that bedding. I never heard noise, tv's and etc, coming from the other rooms. The flat screen tv was great. The staff was very professional. Every time I would leave and return to the hotel they would greet me by name. I have no complaints about his hotel. Would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 1 2005	A stylish place to stay	We checked in for one night at this hotel on 14 Oct for a treat and were not disappointed. This hotel is very stylish, individual and in a fantastic central location. The hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful (special mention to the door staff) and the room felt fairly spacious, compared to what I had heard about hotels generally in NYC. The bar on the mezzanine served reasonably priced, tasty food (although we didn't go there for breakfast). I have only one constructive comment to make - when people in other rooms were coming and going throughout the night, their doors slammed shut all the time which made it hard to get to sleep and stay asleep. Perhaps the hotel can rectify this and install slow closing mechanisms on each door. Putting this aside, we enjoyed our stay at the Roger Williams and would recommend it.	
Oct 10 2005	Awesome	This hotel totally exceeded my expectations. From reservation-making thru to checkout. I called to make a reservation and the agent, who explained packages, gave me directions, and even upgraded my husband and i as it was our anniversary. When we checked in, a very friendly doorman helped us out of the taxi and helped with our luggage which arrived at the room 5 n\minutes after we did. SO the guy at the desk (philip) assisted us with dinner suggestions after we checked in and called back upstairs to make sure evrything was up to par. and it was... the bed was so comfortbale and the terrace so romantic. eleveator was slow but it was worth it.I have seen many negtative reviews but i know that the hotel was newly renovated and is still working to transform itself into an even better stay	
Sep 14 2005	Enjoyable stay	My fiancee and I have just returned from a weeks stay at the Hotel Roger Williams and must say that once again it has kept up it's high standards.It is the 4th time we have stayed at the Hotel over the past 18 months and have always been impressed with both the place itself and the courtesy of the staff..............especially the doormen who are always jovial and happy to assist. The rooms are spacious, the bed fantastically comfortable enabling you to get a well earned rest after a hard day in Manhatten. In my opinion the bathrooms were above standard for New York City, very corporate and clean and tidy with more than enough space to not fall over your own feet.It was also good to see you had an easy to use safe within your room which to keep your money/valuables safe whilst you ventured out in Manhatten.Another good point is that the hotels location being fairly central Manhatten 2 minutes walk from the Empire state building enables you to get both uptown and downtown without any real hassle.........we preferred to stroll around Manhatten itself taking in the sights but its so cheap and easy to get a cab if you don't fancy walking so much.The only negative I would say having being a patron of the Roger Williams for a couple of years is the continental breakfast on the Mezzanine levelwhich if being honest is a rip-off price wise so I would advise you to get your breakfast outside the hotel itself. The hotel used to do a free breakfast/hot drink service before it's renovation which I thought was an endearing feature especially as it is reasonable high priced to stay.........its sometimes the small things that make all the difference.Overall the Roger Williams is well worth a look if you are thinking of staying in New York and I can say that everytime we've stayed it's been very professionally run and we've had a great time. I'd definately recommend a stay at the Hotel Roger Williams but eat your breakfast elsewhere!	
Aug 16 2005	Great Stay at the Roger	Stayed at the Roger Williams this past weekend with two friends. We stayed in a room with two double beds. The beds were &quot;extremely&quot; comfortable, with an adequate amount of sheets ann pillows (2 large and 2 small). The goose down comforter was also very comfortable. The AC unit worked great, and kept the room at the temperature you wanted.Staff was very friendly and helpful. As far as the European Breakfast, I did find it a bit overpriced for what they offered. I sugest skipping on the breakfast and do the traditional New Yorker thing - Bagel with Cream Cheese and a coffee from a neighborhood Deli.I would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 17 2005 	A Great Modern Feel	The Roger Williams is a pretty cool place in a great location. The rooms while smaller than average offer great modern amenities including, flat-panel TV's, free high-speed internet service and a very friendly staff. Suring our stay the doorman was gracious enough to offer directions, weather predictions and rememberd our names everytime we entered the establishment. Everything is clean, the beds are comfortable, the rooms have great lighting and the rooms all have self-controlled heat/air. I would reccommend this hotel to anyone.The only drawback is it's size, the elevators are small and slow at times and the bathroom in the room we stayed in could barely fit one comfortably.	
Jul 11 2005	Pleasantly surprised	I recently made my first trip to NYC over the weekend, and stayed at the Hotel Roger Williams. I found the staff pleasant and accomodating, the rooms clean, well appointed and comfortable. It was raining when we arrived and the hotel provided umbrellas for our use to walk around the city, which was much appreciated.The beds were comfortable, and it was fantastic that they provided 4 pillows on each bed! I felt like I was sleeping in a marshmallow with the down comforter and down pillows. 4 of us shared a room with 2 double beds, and we weren't cramped for space. The only drawback was the frosted-glass enclosed bathroom, which was only slightly uncomfortable with others in the room during shower time.While I could hear street noises, it wasn't enough to keep me awake. Of course, I did have my pillow over my head to drown out the snoring of my travelling companions. Ha! The air-conditioning kept the room rather cool, the way I like it, and the bright quilts on each bed were the perfect weight to keep comfortably warm. I almost bought one when we checked out. The room had an iron and board, a safe, some complimentary Aveda bathing products (that smelled wonderful), flat screen tv, and desk area. There were benches at the foot of each bed, which worked perfectly for a luggage stand. There was a shelf running the length of the 'entryway' with a large mirror that was excellent for use as an additional vanity area.The lobby area was comfortable, and decorated beautifully. The lounge area was also quite nice, and the service friendly and attentive. The European breakfast spread was delicious looking, but I couldn't fathom spending the $12.95 for pastry and croissants and fruit. My husband enjoyed it, though.The only complaints I have are about the bathroom, as explained above and the elevators, which ran slowly at times.I would recommend the Roger to anyone, and would definitely stay there again. The area was clean, safe, and centrally located to our destinations. Also, fairly easy access to the Lincoln tunnels.	
Jun 27 2005	Misadvertising	First off, the place was clean, and looked nice. Me and my wife stayed in one of the Penthouse suites. We were shocked when we saw the &quot;Garden Terrace&quot; if that is what you call it. The pictures that are shown on the website are not even close to what we got as a room. You could step out onto the &quot;Garden Terrace&quot;, there was even a chair wedged in a little nook, but you wouldn't want to sit, or stand out there, and if one person was out there you couldn't get around them. It was tiny. It had a &quot;lovely&quot; view of some apartment buildings. It was only a &quot;Garden Terrace&quot; in name as there was certainly no garden (unless you consider a plant in a box to be a garden), and ledge with a railing would have been a better way to describe it than terrace. We looked down from our ledge and saw the &quot;Garden Terrace&quot; that they were advertising, but apparently those rooms are for people who are residents of the building. I beleive they may have used pictures of those rooms, hence, false advertising. I was told the square footage of the room was about 250 to 300 square feet when I booked the room, which was quite large to the other rooms you might find in NY, but I did a quick measurement with my feet (didn't take long) and it was maybe 170 square feet. The picutes that you might find on the internet wih the modern bathroom, wrong....The bathroom had a porceline tub and shower curtain. Also, we left the room and locked the door, but when we came back 6 hours later, the door was open. Apparently the card reader failed. Nothing was missing, thank god. Needless to say we were misled with the pictures and description. Also, I found the fact that they clutter the room with things that if you use you get charged an arm and a leg to be completely disgusting. Needless to say, we will be staying somewhere else next time.	
Jun 20 2005	Great stay at the Roger Williams	I stayed at the Roger this past Friday night - I was only in town for a night so I checked out the next morning, but I had a wonderful stay. The staff was extremely pleasant and went out of their way to help us with dining suggestions, questions about the subway and cabs and holding our luggage for us while we walked around the city during the day after we checked out. LOVED the bright, modern decor, lobby was very nice and had a jazz band playing at night. In the room, the sliding japanese screens over the window were really cool. We kept them closed b/c it gave the room a nice effect. The flat-panel TV was great and bed was super comfy!!! Def the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. Loved the down comforter too. Bathroom was very small, but I didnt expect anything else - hotel bathrooms in NY arent exactly roomy. The shower head was great though - one of the ones that hangs from the top of the ceiling so you get the rainfall effect. Also liked the Aveda bath products. The hotel was not noisy at all, we were facing the building next to us so maybe that's why we didnt hear any street noise...but we didnt hear noise in the hallways or other rooms either. Oh, and the rooms do have in-room safes, someone in another post mentioned not having safes so I thought I'd add that in. I will def stay at the Roger Williams again!	
Jun 6 2005	HORRIBLY rude staff tiny rooms with thin walls	I often go to New York and staying here has has to be the most unpleasant experience I have ever had. The staff was so rude they made my sister cry. She asked whether they could hold her laptop for security reasons and they refused. Apparently they have no in-room safes and no safes in their office. That's incomprehensible but not something a guest can do anything about but the fact that they were condescending to her as if she was asking something completely out of the question was just... shocking, absolutely shocking.Making things worse the rooms were so small they could not even fit our two small suitcases. We had to put them on the bed. Bathroom was dark and nasty and maids were shouting all day long in a foreign language right outside the door.	
Jun 4 2005	Pretentious is the best description	Stayed here with my wife for a birthday holiday. The hotel is generally clean and the staff pleasant. I don't have any other experience of New York Hotels, as this was our first visit. However, my guess is that you could find equal, if not better, accommodation for the price. The Roger bills itself as a luxury hotel, but much of this is window dressing and it really is a mid range hotel with pretentions to be something else.The rooms were clean, tidy and well serviced, but if it wasn't nailed down you had to pay extra for it. There is a $10 daily charge for wireless access, gym access and a few other amenaties that we did not use and I would guess the normall traveller will not use. Depite complaining that I had not availed myself of these the charge was added to my credit card bill. There is no advance notice of this.The bathrooms in the standard rooms are small and cramped with the wash basin more akin to something you would find in a plane or a train than a luxury hotel. It was hard to control the water temperature and you get scalded if you flush the toilet whilst the shower is running.If you have to stay here then it is clean and tidy and the staff pleasant. If you have a choice - look at other hotels first	
Jun 1 2005	Nice place	I stayed here in mid-May 2004. I ended up staying here because I needed to change my travel dates, and the hotel I had originally planned to use was no longer available. This hotel cost a bit more than I had wanted to pay, but still, I was glad to stay here.The rooms and lobby are very nice, furnished in simple but stylish blond wood. In the room, everything seemed to work just fine, although it was difficult keeping the room temperature consistent (sometimes a bit too hot, sometimes rather cold). The hotel provides a free breakfast buffet (bagels, cereals, coffee and juice); there is also an Internet workstation in the lobby (although there might be a wait during peak times).The hotel is located in a very nice part of Manhattan, with plenty of shops and restaurants within walking distance. The subway is just around the corner and cabs and buses are plentiful...	
May 24 2005 	horrible bathroom	The Roger Williams adds an unadvertised $10 a day &quot;service charge&quot; to the bill for amenities I for one certainly did not use. The standard rooms are small and cluttered although attempting to be modernist and our king bed was small for such a description. The temperature was hard to control (though opening the window worked well). However, easily the worst feature was the bathroom where the shower was big enough to get two people in easily BUT the compromise was that you had to be a contortionist to use the toilet as it was literally behind and underneath the washbasin. Very poor design for a luxury hotel. I've stayed at equally well-designed but much cheaper hotels in NY.	
Apr 26 2005	Loved the Roger !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	All the staff were very helpful, from guidance on the city with help to printing vouchers etc and working out which bagel was which for breakfast.We cannot speak highly enough of our visit, it made our first trip to New York a perfect start.Room service was prompt and after a tiring day walking the food was worth staying in for.The Decor was amazing and fresh, excellent layout and so dam confortable.The beds....were the best we have EVER slept in, even our own.If you want an excellent midtown location, close to everywhere, friendly service, a smile everyday mixed with a sexy and sleak look, then the Roger is the one.Our first trip to New York and we picked a winner.	
Apr 14 2005	Loved the New ROGER	My husband and I have frequented this hotel in the past. However, we are much more inclined to stay now than ever before! Since the Remodel of the Roger, the rooms have been transformed into charming and modern studios. We absolutely loved the new lobby. The new restaurant and bar uphold the excellence that is the Roger. The staff was warm and welcoming and the service devine. We will definitely be coming back.	
Apr 12 2005	Good service at the Roger Williams	Went with 10 &quot;30 something&quot; girls for a bachelorette weekend....Very cool, boutique hotel. Arrived at 8am and the head of housekeeping went out of her way to get 2 rooms ready for us right away. Friendly, helpful doorman, room service, and front desk staff. Our two rooms on the 11th floor had no air conditioning, though. We had our windows open and a fan to cool us off. Our room on the 5th floor did have A/C that worked well. Great showers, small but comfortable, hip rooms. For the money, I would stay at this hotel again!	
Apr 12 2005	Construction Woke Me Up.	I stayed at the Roger Williams the first weekend in October of 2004. I accompanied my boyfriend to a conference in New York. His work booked it and I was somewhat pleased from what I saw on the website. When we checked into the rooms I was shocked to see how small it really was in person. There was barely enough room for us to unpack our luggage, etc. There were definitely a few negatives. There was construction going on in the hotel. The elevator is so slow too...so often we would just walk down because waiting was too long. We seriously waited 20 minutes the day we checked out because we couldn't carry our bags down. They gave up breakfast vouchers to the deli across the street. Usually there would be a breakfast buffet in the hotel. This wasn't bad as the deli had some pretty good choices. We would usually grab a few things and then head back to our room to eat our breakfast. It was convenient actually. I had 2 complaints though. One was the construction going on in the hotel. Being that we were in NYC, we stayed out late at night. Probably wouldn't go to bed till 4 or 5am. Construction started at 7am or maybe it was 8am. But this was seriously jackhammering or something loud. It was awful. It ruined my day. I couldn't get back to bed because it didn't stop. Second complaint...maybe this is with all boutique hotels but the rooms are too close or the walls are too thin. At night we'd watch tv and our neighbour would bang on the wall and tell us to turn off the tv. It wasn't even loud. I could barely even hear it from the bed. This happened every night. I just need to wind down and watch tv and I couldn't and then construction woke me up so early. One upside for myself is at least there were Aveda bath products. Haha.	
Apr 11 2005	Nice Hotel	We stayed at the Roger Williams for 1 night in April. The hotel is very modern and has comfortable goose down bedding which we liked. The only problem was loud techno music from downstairs keeping me up at from 3:00-4:00 am. Also our room was located outside a stairwell and elevator bank which kept waking me up. The hotel staff is very friendly and made us feel at home. I would recommend this hotel if you want a modern hotel in a good location, however ask to be moved away from the elevators.	
Mar 19 2005	Small deluxe room. Stinky hallways!	I stayed in this hotel and was disappointed with the size of the deluxe room. The service was not bad but the room was very SMALL in size and the hallway stunk like cigarette smoke. If you like clean, spacious rooms this is not the hotel for you.	
Mar 17 2005	For $300 a night you can do better	When my son and his fiancee were on leave from their tour in Iraq, we wanted to treat them to a nice long weekend in New York. And we did have a nice weekend, I just wish I'd chosen a different hotel.The rooms were adorable and the hotel itself is very attractive, with a convenient location. But we were surprised to see that the &quot;complimentary&quot; drinks we had in the little bar area had been added to our hotel bill. Not to mention that the waitress brought us an array of snacks that we didn't order, which went on our bill as well. Be advised that the pretty basket of goodies on your table aren't complimentary, either, and there's no price list to be found. And the candle in your bathroom will cost you $8 if you burn it.I wasn't impressed with the staff, either. My husband and I arrived before my son and his fiancee. After we &quot;ahemed&quot; a few times, the clerk hung up from her personal phone call and checked us in. I explained to her that we had two rooms booked, to be paid on one credit card (which I handed her), and that our son would be there to check in later. When my son arrived, we got a call from him. The desk clerk that had checked us in and was made aware of our situation was asking him for a credit card to pay for his reservation. I asked her again to please bill that room charge to the credit card I gave her. She asked me for the credit card again, even though she had already run it for the first room. Then she became condescending, which I didn't appreciate, considering I was being very polite about HER incompetance.My son and his fiancee were tickled with the hotel and their room, but they had been living in an Army barracks in Baghdad for the past 6 months. My husband and I, however, visit NY frequently and will not go back to the Roger Williams. We don't like snotty desk clerks and we don't like being nickel and dimed.	
Feb 17 2005	Great view lovely room!	Stayed here in July 2004 while the hotel was being rennovated.We had a lovely deluxe (rennovated) room with the most amazing view of the Empire State building.Room was clean and very large for NY, TV was great.When I decided to nip to the local store for water and a midnight snack the door man made sure I got there and returned safely.Great tea shop a couple of doors down and an amazing Italian restaurant a couple of blocks away - even if the tables are crammed in!Found the staff in the hotel to be mostly helpful and they booked us a great car to take us to the airport.	
Feb 15 2005	Very cute and comfortable!	Roger Williams Hotel is such a cozy boutique hotel. The staff was the most attentive we've ever seen. We came early in the day, and to our surprise, our room was available. The lobby is very colorful and modern with comfy couches everywhere. Even though the rooms are pretty small, they are designed in a calm, eclectic style with every amenity you can think of. The room even offered an intimacy kit for couples. Of course, things like that are at an extra cost, but the beauty is that it's available. There was a nice cotton white robe, a nice shower, and a flat screen TV mounted on the wall. Lots of comfy pillows, great blanket. The hotel itself is only a few blocks from Empire State Building, where you can a great view of the city from the 86th floor. We went there at night, and it was breathtaking. This hotel is also about 15min walk to Times Square. Roger Williams is definitely worth the money.	
Feb 15 2005	Dishonest practice has soured me on a once lovely small hotel.	We stayed last weekend at the Roger Williams. Having stayed there often since it first became a hotel, we were interested to see what the new owners have done. They've done a lovely job of redecorating, and the staff was even nicer than usual, BUT there was a $10 per day 'Service Charge' on our bill when we checked out. Nowhere was there warning that such a charge would be applied. When we asked what it was for, we were told it was for the new 'amenities': Wireless internet (which is advertised as 'complimentary'), the availability of a fitness room (which we did not use), and the unlimited local phone calls (which we also did not use) The amount of the charge is not relevant. This is a deceptive and dishonest practice so be forewarned and factor that into your decision on whether to stay at the Roger Williams, or any hotel owned by that group.	
Feb 14 2005	You grew up smelling of cooking oil.....	I would not advise to stay here - the rooms smell of cooking oil, all of them. There is definitely a ventilation problem with this hotel as we changed a number of rooms and eventually were on the 12th floor and still had problems!!! The rooms themselves are kind of weird, they've tried to make it a trendy place but it just looks like cheaper than Ikea tack - plastic lamps and bright blue carpets. The bathrooms are tiny and if you move the wrong way whilst sitting on the toilet, you will injure yourself on the sink. The ingrained cooking oil smell everywhere will by default make you want to avoid the restaurant. There are only 2 lifts (elevators) and you sometimes wait, I kid you not, up to about 8 minutes for one to come and there are no stairs that you can take (emergency stairs only).The only positive thing this hotel has going for it is it's great location - pretty much walking distance to anywhere if you have the time, and also it's friendly staff - they can't help it if the ventilation system sucks. They have tried to renovate this hotel but to no avail. Avoid.	
Feb 2 2005	Beautiful hotel but outside noise is too much!	This hotel is stylish and beautiful. It looks like something out of Wallpaper magazine. The rooms do not dissapoint. They are large for New York, the beds are fabulous and they have minibars. The bathrooms are clean and comfortable. The problem is the noise. After getting a great room on the 3rd. floor I went into my room to take a quick nap but immedietly I noticed the noise. Garbage trucks, cabs honking, etc. I know New york is loud but I should be able to sleep in my room. I called front dest and asked for a quieter room. I was given a room on the 8th floor and went about my day. When I got back that night at well after midnight yet, the noise level was high enough that I could hardly sleep. At that point I stayed up watching t.v. until 3. I fell asleep but was upset that I spent $240 for a great room with so much noise outside. It doesn't make sense. The staff is attentive and professional, the rooms are state of the art, but it is ruined by the loud garbage trucks and other noise makers that permeate the streets as late as 3 in the morning. If you stay here make sure to bring some ear plugs and stay on a one of the top floors.	
Feb 2 2005	Go Somewhere Else	This review is long overdue, but wanted to warn people. Stayed here last fall and regretted it. The day was unseasonably warm, the room stiffling, and when evening arrived, went to turn on the air conditioning -- no luck. The front desk informed us that the air was off for the season and would not be turned on. Then they told us to open the windows as a remedy. Try sleeping with midtown traffic blaring all night! We weren't too pleased with the cleanliness of the bathroom, either. There are plenty of other places to spend your money; don't spend it at the Roger Williams.	
Jan 1 2005	Very Pleased Indeed.	We just got back from staying 2 nights at the Roger Williams. We were a little apprehensive because of some negative reviews we read before our trip. As it turned out, all of our fears were unfounded. The hotel was clean and nicely furnished and except for a couple of times, the wait for an elevator was quite minimal. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful all the time. We requested extra towels and glasses two separate times and each time they were sent without delay. I would definately recommend the Roger Williams to anyone who prefers a small hotel with personality over a larger, more impersonal environment.	
Dec 13 2004	If you like reservation problems this is the place!!	I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Roger Williams over Dec 3rd to Dec 6th. This ofcourse is the start of the peak holiday season. I booked a penthouse room back in July. (YES, JULY!) I had confirmation of the reservation with a penthouse room written on it, and even talked to a reservation specialist at the hotel to make sure this room was available. They gave me confirmation that I had booked a penthouse room and that it would be available for my stay. We arrived and the hotel was a small, very modern hotel. The lobby has a couple of places to sit, yet right next to the door where it gets a little chilly. There is no fireplace. There is a very tiny bar upstairs. The staff were very helpful to check our bags while our room was being cleaned. Come to find out that my reservation was not what I had booked. I was given a deluxe room, not a penthouse room as I had confirmed. They gave me some ridiculous excuse that the woman who booked my room for me had only been working there 2 days. Maybe the worst excuse I have ever heard. So, we ended up taking the deluxe room, but made sure we were given the room rate from back in July. This was about the only thing they did to accomodate us. They had no explanation as to what happen to our reservation. ??????If you like shady reservations, then this is the place to stay. If you want to take a chance on getting a different room than what you book, stay here!!Rooms are nice though. I would definitely reserve a deluxe room. There was a plasma on the wall. Bathrooms are small, just like everywhere else in NYC. Elevators are soooo slow and can only fit like 4 people. Good luck!!	
Dec 5 2004	What a Fun Hotel what a great deal !	Stayed NOV 2004. Great location and friendly staff. The decor is ultra modern with a really interesting color scheme. The rooms are a decent size for NY city and the hotel represents extremely good value at the price range. The food is good and the staff very helpful. Only negative is the elevators take forever. My room had a flat panel TV and a very comfortable bed.	
Nov 13 2004	Boutique Hotels are the future!	I stayed here during the NY Marathon 2004 and I have to say the hotel was superb. Although the gym was closed due to renovation (they are extending it) I was still offered a pass to a local gym.The rooms are really comfortable, modern and they have nice touches to make you feel at home from Aveda products, ironing board to CD player. My only advice would be to not drink the hotel water, as it is not free (I thought it was complimentary to the room) and cost an amazing $9.00 per litre. The hotel is perfect for business and leisure, only round the corner from the Empire State Building and near to two subway stations! Really nice hotel if you prefer a boutique hotel as oppose to your mainstream accomodation.	
Oct 4 2004	not worth the room rate	We stayed there Sept. 30, 04 for a couple of days. They were under construction, getting to the lobby was a pain, the staff at the front were not very helpful and were at times overwhelmed. So the service was not worth the $250 a night. Construction kept us from having the free breakfast in the hotel, free internet was one computer at the front desk, rooms were not fully done, slow elevators, no vending machines or ice machines. Would not recommend to my friends.	
Sep 25 2004	Nail Down Everything That Moves	Being from England I dont complain very often but this place was enough to make the pope curse. Stayed here for 6 nights.. by the second various thing had mysteriously gone missing from the rooms (my party had 4 rooms in total). Nothing of huge value I had that lot well hid but after 3 days I marched down to the front desk to confront them. Shrugged shoulders was the response... so from then on we left a trap each day before we went out sightseeing, a pack of cigs, half bottle of Gin, cheap perfume (bought from Canal St fro our plan).. and the lot dissappeared... they must have a gang of cleptomaniacs working there.So my advice is..apart from stay somewhere else.. if you find yourself here, lock everything up cos it wont be there on your return.	
Sep 25 2004	Nice Hotel Great Neighborhood	We stayed at the Roger Williams in late August 2004 during the renovation, and we found everything to be fine. There were some minor inconveniences, but that is to be expected when a hotel is being renovated. Our room was very clean and comfortable, and we found the staff to be polite and helpful.If you are like me and enjoy walking around the city, the Roger Williams is in an excellent location. We walked over to Chelsea Piers, to the Village, and to Times Square. If you don't like walking a lot, there is a subway station just a couple of blocks from the hotel.My only criticism of the hotel is that they don't have an ice machine or a vending area. I've never stayed at a hotel that didn't have an ice machine. We had to buy a small bag of ice from a corner market for $3! Maybe when the renovations are done, the hotel will install an ice machine. Overall, though, we enjoyed staying at the Roger Williams and would gladly stay there again.	
Aug 25 2004	Would Highly Recommend It	As a family we stayed at the Roger Williams on 21 July 2004 for seven nights. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay despite the hotel having major renovations going on. All of the staff were very friendly and helpful and although we didn't have renovated rooms, they were very comfortable and clean. The location is excellent, within walking distance of many tourist sites, shops and the subway and we felt very safe walking at night. The free breakfast which we all enjoyed was a real bonus. We would recommend this hotel to anyone -we were very pleased overall and would love to come back.	
Aug 24 2004	Under renovation	The first night we got in the air conditioning was not working very well. It made it difficult to sleep.The following morning the toilet broke. It took two hours to get it fixed. The air conditioning was not working well but the outside temperature had cooled, so we could tolerate the room.The hotel is being renovated and the workers have to share the elevators with the guests. It can make for long waits and crowded elevators. They actually changed the carpet in one of them midday which left only one usuable for quite awhile. The new orange carpet was ruined soon after by workers dragging something on it.On our second morning we were greeted with a note (slipped under our door early in the a.m.). It was a notice that the continental breakfast had been shortened by an hour. Wecalled to complain and were told that a wedding party had booked use of the room.One of the workers tried to take my coffee as I reached for some sugar. Apparently it was 10:02 and they had closed at 10:00.As we prepared to take showers, the toilet broke again. This took another two hours.The cappuchino machine is nowhere to be found. The mezzanine is being renovated.The hotel is located in an area with few restaurants. Most are closed on Sundays. If you like room service, this is not the place to stay.The floors were not very clean in our room, and they were not forthcoming with towels.They are operating this hotel when it should be closed down during renovations.When on the elevator we spoke to some of the workers. They complained about the management's inability to communicate. The workers are taking the brunt of the frustrations experienced by the guests.We were given a $75 reduction on our bill for our inconveniences.	
Aug 20 2004	Central hotel near subway Empire State Building	Stayed there for 8 nights over the New Year - Dec '03 - Jan '04.Great service - doors opened for you, friendly staff, always willing to help, but then that's the same wherever you go in NYC so probably not a good way to judge things.Rooms were large, clean, although breakfast was a bit of a free for all in the morning (self-service) and it was difficult to find a seat and there was a wait for food at peak times (08:30 - 09:30).Empire State building 3 blocks away - if you ever go, get your tickets first on their website and you'll save yourself a big queue / line.	
Aug 8 2004	Generally Good	This is a pretty good hotel although it is being renovated at the moment (July/Aug 04). We were in a renovated room which was nice - very large, comfortable beds, good bathroom and a good sized room. Overall good value for money.The one problem is the elevators. These seem to only run from the basement to the penthouse and back down again - regardless of whether people are waiting. This results in slow service and often very crowded elevators. It may sound a small thing but it can be very annoying. I hope the rennovations include fixing this.	
Aug 4 2004	Great deal on a good hotel!	We had a great stay at the Roger Williams. We got a good bargain on the room rate and the hotel did not disappoint. The room was comfortable and clean. The staff was very friendly and very accomodating. All of our special requests were met before check-in (all down comfortors and pillows were removed from the room and replaced with cotton items and a fridge was place in the room). The staff was friendly and very helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice hotel at a great price.	
Jul 28 2004	Enjoyed my stay	Stayed at the RW in late July on a work trip. Loved the minimalist lobby--the staff and room were very welcoming after my stressful day of delayed and cancelled flights. Rooms are small, but comfortable and tastefully decorated. Bathroom wasn't perfect, VERY small and not spotless, but nonetheless it was functional and attractive. I was on the 11th floor, my view was of other apartment buildings, but I wasn't expecting great views. The continental breakfast is great, and I thought the front desk staff particularly friendly and helpful. Location is also good, walking distance to subway stops, feels very safe at night. I'd highly recommend this hotel, especially if you're not a picky hotel connoisseur. I was very comfortable and pleased overall with my stay.	
Jul 20 2004	Great hotel in NYC!	I stayed in the Roger Williams from the 11-15 Jun and found it to be an excellent property. The staff were more than helpful with any request we had and always greeted us with a smile. The room was lovely, contemporary in design and a good size, quite difficult to get in NY. Our view was of other buildings but in NY that is to be expected. The free breakfast and internet access were a plus. I work in travel and have yet to stay in a hotel in the USA and receive breakfast without paying a fortune. Overall I was more than happy with the rate we paid for the property. It was clean, centerally located and pleasing on the eye. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.	
Jul 20 2004	Enjoyed our stay here	My husband and I spent the weekend at The Roger Williams and I would rate it about 3-1/2 stars. Our room was on the 15th floor, which has been renovated. It was small but very comfortable- all new with the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever used. The location is great and our room faced away from the street and was very quiet. They were serving the complimentary breakfast in a suite temporarily because of their renovation, and based on the condition of the suite I would definitely recommend that you request a renovated room! My husband stayed at The Roosevelt after Christmas and preferred it- it depends on what you are looking for. The Roger Williams has basically no lobby and no restaurant, but the staff was friendly and couteous and our room was clean, quiet and modern. When I read the other reviews I think that satisfaction depends on whether you get a renovated room.	
Jul 11 2004	Just average	Went with my mom and dad...Our room was on the 8th floor. The view was of other buildings. The room came with two very clean full-size beds. The room had a weird smell. The bathroom does have frosted glass, but it just felt very uncomfortable knowing that my parents could see me taking a shower(the glass is see-through). The bathroom door, which was also frosted glass, had no lock. The tiles in the bathroom were very dirty, and the edges were growing mold or something of the sort that we had to wear flip flops while showering. We needed three towels, but they always gave us two. The drawer was broken. The hotel does not give complimentary bottled water(very deceiving on their website: rogerwilliamshotel.com). The breakfast was the same everyday, but i did enjoy the croissants and cereal. I also enjoyed the free cappuccino two or three times a day. The hotel's location was very convenient. It's about two blocks from the 6 train(local green subway). There's a church right next to the hotel, around the corner to the left(when exiting) that i would not recommend.(nothing to do with the hotel, but just thought i'd sneek that in). Fitness &quot;studio&quot; had a tv, an exercise bike, two old tredmills with no water bottle holder, and a bathroom. The many halogen lights in the fitness studio made the room hot, so i had to open the window. I liked that there was free access to a computer and internet in the lobby. The people that work at the hotel are very nice. I asked to see a penthouse room and they glady brought us to see one... it was very nice!!... it came with a flat screen tv, clean bathroom with a DOOR, a big bed, nice view, and a patio/terrace. The mezzanine, where the food is, is not a big room. The lighting in the hotel is dimmed; i think they do this so that the dirty spots and scratches everywhere aren't too noticeable. For $130 a night, the hotel was a good deal. My only real problem was the bathroom, and maybe the smell of the room(that you do get used to). The hotel told us that they would be doing a complete remodeling of the hotel in september, or i think they said it would be done by september 2004...So i'm thinking that they'll raise the rates/night, but the hotel will probably be very nice. This is my review. I'm not saying stay at Roger Williams, and i'm not saying don't stay at Roger Williams.	
Jun 27 2004	Will Never Return to The Roger Williams	Although the room rate was great at $115 a nite, the room left a lot to be desired. Management needs to do a complete review of rooms, i.e., black mold on the side of the sink; toilet and floor in bathroom had heavy rust stains showing leaks; lightbulb in floor lamp kept flickering and housekeeper kept leaving cleaning spray bottle in room. No ice machines on floors --- just an ice bucket on the Mezzanine level available 24-hours. Bellman has to bring-up ice (if remembers or request is forwarded). Hotel should just provide ice trough on mezzanine level. Video library out-of-date with 5-year old movies. Room faced side of brick building and was noisy. I'd spend a little more money next time for better accommodations.	
Jun 24 2004 	The Roger Williams Hotel was wonderful....	A group of teachers made the trip to New York to see a fellow teacher in her play. We wanted something close, comfortable, clean and within our budget. After looking many hours on the internet I found the Roger Williams and they had an internet deal. As teachers we are really not into sharing a bathroom down the hall or sharing a bed as there were two men and two ladies so there were some stipulations on the rooms and the Roger Williams met these quirks perfectly. The price at $130 a night was great and the location was perfect to Broadway, the subway and the train. We were delighted in the survice and the helpful staff. There was a bit of a problem with communication with the valet parking but the desk clerk took care of it for us. I would definitely stay at the Roger Williams Hotel again and recommend it to all who make a triip to the Big Apple.	
Jun 23 2004	it was just perfect	I stayed here as a woman travelling alone on business, so choose my hotels carefully. From the minute I arrived I knew I had made the right choice. The lobby area was like stepping into another world - sleek yet unpretentious. my room was great - with the huge beds, power showers you'd expect from US hotels, but extras like aveda toiletries, a complimentary Time Out NY and chic colour scheme made all the difference. I loved the mezzanine level - when travelling alone, i don't feel comfortable sitting in bars in the evening, so this was the perfect place to catch up on the newspapers etc, and not feel couped up in your room. Location was excellent - very quiet, and yet 2 blocks away from the action. Staff very helpful - went out of their way to find me a nail bar open at 10pm! will come back - and spend extra on getting a penthouse!	
Jun 21 2004	shouldn't be classified as a hotel	This was my first time in New York and I knew the rooms were smaller but this room was extremely small. In the bathroom had problems just turning around and dressing and I'm not obese. No ice makers in the hotel for the guest to use, had to call and get ice and they weren't prompt with that, after walking around the city in 90 degree temps one would like a cold glass of water. Also, had problems getting towel and face clothes, had to call the desk for simple things. I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 9 2004	great hotel	I loved the RW after staying for 5 nights in March. All the staff were very friendly, the facilities the hotel offers are great - the free business centre, the cd and video players in the rooms (with free library), the free hot drinks and iced water, the free breakfast - which filled us up for the day (and only once did we have to take it back to the room). The rooms are stylish and i absolutely loved the bathroom walls and shower (even with the design fault which led to the eventual flooding of the bathroom floor each time). And the location is fantastic - 5 mins from empire state and 15 to times square. The only thing that would have made the hotel even better would be a bar, but it was still no great loss. I would stay again!!	
May 25 2004	Go here now!	After careful consideration I decided to take my girlfriend on a long break to NY. I had never been to the States before and did not want to book a package deal so took time in selecting a hotel. After searching through expedia and tripadvisor we eventually decided we liked the look of the RW. Some great reviews mixed with some fussy people who are obviously used to the Plaza! We have been in various hotels in Britain and I would compare the décor and service to that of an Apex we stayed in on Edinburgh’s grassmarket. I think the reason we got this so reasonable ($180 a night) was because of its location. Some NY locals we spoke to said it was ‘out of the way’. A bit hard to believe as it was right next to fifth avenue and around the corner from the Empire State Building! A 5 minute walk to Broadway and a 15 to times square. Arriving at JFK we got a taxi no problem straight to the Roger Williams. Our first time in the US and the weather was unusually warm for April. After half an hours drive you see the city in the background and what a sight. On arriving at our hotel I noticed the smart glass windows of the foyer and could see the grand piano through the window. It was early evening and a porter came straight to the taxi to greet us. He took our luggage into the foyer on a trolley while we checked in. One thing I noticed was the feeling that you were in a valley driving through Manhattan. You could not see anything but the trademark grid of streets and speeding yellow cabs! This was to prove to our advantage as we did not really know where we were once at the RW. For 180 bucks we had one of the five Penthouse suites! Our own private terrace and one of the quietest rooms in NY. Once we checked in we were escorted into the room by a very excited and helpful porter. He led us out onto our terrace and told us to look up to our left. Right there was the most beautiful sight you could imagine. The Empire State Building in all its glory! Only a stones throw away from our bedroom. A simply stunning sight and totally breath taking with a view straight along Madison Ave and 31st. If you are lucky enough to have a penthouse the view of the ESB at night will put a smile on anyone’s face. The room itself was modern in design (much like any Apex) and had a massive TVand king size bed which was extra comfy. The bathroom wasn’t too small and had a great shower. On our first day in our excitement we accidently snapped the cord for the blind on the patio door. One of the blinds was electric and another to put the room in darkness. As we were going out for a wander we just handed the cord into reception and was fixed by the time we got back. The girl at reception couldn’t have been more helpful and was so apologetic. Exploring NY was one of the best 5 days of my life and will return very soon for my second visit. I wouldn’t think twice about booking the RW again as it was all we could have asked for. The mezzanine had constant free coffe/ tea and iced water 24/7. At breakfast time however it could become very busy with guests reading their NY times and munching bagels. Again we were lucky in the respect we could grab a tray and take our bagels or cereal etc up on to the terrace and enjoy the view in traditional NY style. We simply didn’t want to leave this room but in such an amazing city it had to be done. The following evening we left for a meal and were greeted by the floating sounds of a girl employed by RW playing the grand piano. Yet another beautiful moment in this hotel. With respect to location this hotel wasn’t on times square but it showed. We were around the corner from the ESB which was a base for the city tour buses. A hop on and off ticket for under $50 (valid 24 hours) is a must for seeing all of Manhattan. Living in Glasgow I use the underground system daily and have been on the London equivalent several times. None of that prepared me for the NY version however! I would compare the subway to a more complicated rail network. If you are going to use the subway please have a good look at a map and see which number of train stops at your required destination. After getting on at Battery Park we ended up in Brooklyn one stop later! Summing up the Roger Williams I would say go there if you get the chance. I used expedia to get a quote and it was $400 more expensive than booking through the companies actual website. Search in google for their on site and you can make reservations on a credit card without paying a penny until you leave. The price you are quoted there is what you pay! I requested a romantic room and was not disappointed. Coupled with a late night horse drawn carriage ride around central park it was indeed a romantic experience. Staff were more than helpful all of the time and couldn’t be more friendly to tourists. In and around NY itself shop staff in general were so pleasant and far from pushy. They seemed so pleased that you were coming to visit their home. Walking home at night we did not find intimidating of scary in one bit. I felt more at home in NY than in some areas of Glasgow! This city has everything and I could go on even more. I would be happy for anyone considering this hotel to contact me via email to prove im not an employee of the RW!	
Apr 28 2004	Great Manhatten Choice	I've been to NYC at least 15 times; during my last stay I was at the Roger Williams - my favorite hotel so far. For the average tourist, it's a great choice. The prices are very reasonable (almost cheap!) for NYC; take a look at their web site - they offer some fantastic prices!! Check-in: quick, efficient and friendly (the nicest hotel staff I've ever run across). Room: adequate size (a little bigger than the NYC average); clean; nicely decroated. Bathroom: small (par for NYC); good water pressure; bizarre shower (no shower curtain - just half a glass wall, water gets on the floor, so be sure to have extra towels. Why do architects/hotel designers think this half-glass wall stuff is a good idea???? Obviously, they've never actually used a shower like this. And this is the 3rd one I've run into in less than a year (also in Norway and Belgium). Breakfast: free with room (RARE for NYC); pastries, cheeses, bagels, muffins; cappuccino machine (free and open 24 hrs for guests of the hotel - I had 4-5 cups per day). Special requests: I travelled with a group of very demanding women - and the hotel met every one of their requests - quickly and with a smile on their faces; the doormen offered execellent service and hailed cabs without being asked. I've stayed at big chains in NYC (Marriott, Hyatt, Hilton) and I've stayed at small boutique hotels ... but I will return to the Roger Williams.	
Mar 31 2004	Nice nice hotel but please give us a decent breakfast	Great hotel at a great location.Big room, ask for the top floor, very modern clean and calm. Break fast cool be improved this my only bad point.	
Mar 10 2004	helpful staff nice location	Our second visit here started with a reservation problem that was quickly corrected. Please have your confirmation information available. The entire staff was helpful all weekend and the room was fine for the cost.It was a busy valentines weekend but we never seemed hassled. We enjoy the surrounding area and love many of the nearby restaurants and bars. Explore for those nice spots.	
Jan 28 2004	Good price but lacking...	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. The lobby looks very modern, but the rooms need a bit of work. I recommend staying as far away from the first level as possible since the windows are single-paned and you can hear every car driving by the street. The furniture was a bit worn. They do have a business center with high speed internet and free use of their computer and printer. Overall, if you want a relatively low priced hotel with no expectations of luxury and great amenities, it is okay for a personal stay (would not be suitable for the business traveler).	
Jan 25 2004	A bit Faulty Towers - but none the less good value	The hotel was &quot;fine&quot;. We got a fantastic price, it was bright, cheery and the service excellent. It is in a fantastic area being only a block away from the Empire State Building. On the down side it is a bit tired looking and needs a spruce. The lifts werent working (we were on the 12th floor so thats some hike), our toilet kept getting blocked (repaired quickly and with a smile) and the bed a little lumpy.	
Jan 12 2004	Great base for exploring Manhatten	My wife and I have recently spent 5 nights at the Roger Williams and found it to be a more than adequate hotel. With its central location it proved a perfect base for exploring New York. We found the staff to be very attentive to our needs and our room was clean and tidy regardless of how we left it! If you are keen to get out to restaurants and bars then the lack of these at the hotel should not worry you. The fitness room was never busy and the complimentary breakfast a good option. We had no reason for complaint.	
Dec 10 2003	Needs an update!	Just got back from a three night stay. Had stayed here 5-6 years ago and had a wonderful experiecnce! Not the same today. The place is very worn and dirty...unattentive staff...we requested a non smoking room which was not provided... the heat in our room stopped working...we were told it would be repaired right away...we ended up with a space heater for the rest of the stay! Staff never checked on us again. At $300 night I would like a bit more attention and concern. Skip this place!	
Nov 30 2003	Good value base in mid-town Manhatten	We picked up this hotel as part of a deal with Expedia and we had a good week there. The free breakfast was excellent but seating accommodation was always hard to find. There is free internet access in a fifth floor room and 24 access to hot drinks. The accomodation is on the small side but all things considered this wasn't a problem for my family. The location was good with a subway station a block or so away and bustops outside. We found the staff friendly and efficient.	
Oct 13 2003	Terrible experience!!!!	I stayed in this hotel for one night with two of my friends who were in from out of town. I only live about a half hour north of Manhattan but often spend the weekend in the city for convience. I booked the room and requested two double beds (because there were three of us) and even upgraded to a bigger room. When we checked in we were told that there was a large party arriving that would be taking all of the rooms with two double beds (no matter that we arrived first). But they could offer us one king bed and a roll away which I felt was unacceptable especially because we were paying $268.00 for the night. However they really gave us no options. We left to go shopping for the day and returned at 10pm to find that there was no roll away bed in the room and when I called the front desk, I was told that there were no more available but they could offer us pillows and blankets. So basically we were told that one of us had to sleep on the floor, which I feel was completely unacceptable! The manager on duty did nothing to try to help us, in fact we never saw him face to face, only spoke on the phone. He did not even have the common courtesy to apologize to us face to face and try to make the situation better. Besides that the lighting in the room was horrible and the TV would switch from color to black and white after being turned on for a few minutes and the window fell in on my head when I tried to close it (it was open when we arrived in the room). The shower floor was covered with mold and the breakfast was stale and they ran out of quite a few things. All in all there are much better places to stay in New York City and I would suggest sleeping on a bench in Grand Central Station before making a reservation at this hotel!!	
Oct 1 2003	Stayed here twice; enjoyed both stays	Stayed here the weekend of Sept 26, our second time (first was the July 4th weekend). I agree with the previous reviewer that there is little to complain about. Arrived early (about noon) both times, and both times we were able to check into our rooms upon arrival. Staff was super courteous, the gentleman who checked us in even remembered we had visited before. Had a coupon from the hotel's web site ... for $10 off per night, and he accepted that with no problem. I'd suggest paying the extra $10 for the 250 sq. ft room vs the 200, since even the 250 is fairly small. Also had bottles of water replaced, maid staff was great. We always went out for breakfast, but the continental breakfast served is a good spread (even has hard boiled eggs). We never had to wait more than 2-3 minutes for an elevator. Only complaint is the street noise (had a particularly annoying night when a car alarm went off 4 times in the space of an hour), but being New York that goes with the territory. We had made reservations at another hotel for the second stay, because when we first planned the second trip the hotel web site was quoting a rate of $229 per night, but we kept checking back and sure enough, they lowered the rate to $179 ($169 with the $10 discount) about two weeks before our trip - so keep checking their web site.	
Sep 21 2003	Style in NYC	I'm wondering if previous reviewers stayed at the same hotel as me! We arrived in New York by train from Boston and it was an easy 15 minute walk to the hotel. There is an ever-present doorman to open the door for you when you arrive. Quick, professional check-in. I'd booked with lodging.com - and saved a couple of hundred pounds on the hotel's rates - so everything, including taxes, were prepaid.The lobby is very modern, although I didn't try the grand piano. Previous reviewers have mentioned the lifts - there are only two of them but you'd need to be a very impatient person to moan about having to wait a minute for a lift. We had a room with two double beds. The room was long and narrow, about the width of two double beds plus about three feet. But it was quite long, room enough for a big televison, wardrobe, cd player/alarm clock and two easy chairs plus a coffee table. They have quite a large selection of CDs and videos at the front desk, should you be thoroughly knackered and there's nothing on the 30-odd television channels they have. There is bottled water for you in your room; contrary to another review you don't pay an extra $1 per bottle, it's all free (we used both bottles every day and they were always replaced for us by the maid, and I wasn't charged). Yes, bathroom is small, but to be honest our bathroom at home isn't much larger so we didn't mind that. We had a bath, not one of those wooden showers that some people have mentioned. It was, however, clean with a hot and powerful shower. There are also a couple of 24 hour internet access computers should you need to check your email and you don't have a laptop computer with you.The hotel has no restaurant or bar - to be frank who cares about that? - but it does offer a good and filling cold buffet breakfast; cereal, juice, croissants, bagels and the like, and there is a 24 hour self-service coffee machine. Around the hotel there are a few restaurants, a Subway sandwich shop etc, and if that doesn't do you, walk towards 5th Avenue or 34th Street for a much greater choice of places.The hotel is located in a 'quieter' area of New York, and by that I mean you only get taxi horns at night and not taxi horns + lots of people. But that doesn't mean it's isolated. Herald Square (Macy's and lots of eateries) is three blocks away; the Empire State Building is two. The nearest subway is 33rd Street on Park Lane and it's only a minute's walk from the hotel, so no complaints there. Additionally there are plenty of buses along Madison Avenue or 5th Avenue - this is recommended instead of the subway as the subway cars are air-conditioned (as are the buses) but the platforms are not, making the platforms the closest thing to an oven you will experience in a long time. Times Square and all its associated lights were 20 mins walk away - which to some people might seem like a walk to the end of the earth but to us was no problem at all. Grand Central Terminal (where we picked up a coach to JFK airport) was 10-15 minutes walk with heavy suitcases - lighter without! Concerning that; the hotel kept our cases, properly tagged, after we checked out.In short, I was perfectly happy with this hotel. Look around on different Expedia-type websites for offers; if you get a good deal then there's no reason not to book!	
Aug 16 2003	Family Friendly	The Roger Williams is a great place to stay in NYC for families for a weekend visit. The staff was very friendly with videos and continental breakfast at no extra charge. We also liked the location since it was convenient to most of our destinations	
Aug 7 2003	Great Price; interesting Hotel	Travel, quite a bit usually at pricier hotels. Did miss the bar and restaurant, but this is NYC!!! Grabbed a cab. The service was great, staff more than friendly; loved the cd, but was never in the room enough to use. Air conditioner very cold, not bathtub (real turn-off) bathroom &amp; room very small, but I though that for the 4 days, it wasn't that bad. Would stay again and recommend to others.	
Aug 7 2003	great service but lacks in other areas		
Jul 29 2003	An Ian Schlager Knock Off		
Jul 25 2003	great stay		
Jul 11 2003 	Someone Stop the Noise 		
Jun 6 2003	Stay Somewhere Else ..		
Jun 4 2003	Nice Stay but not what was advertised on thier site.		
May 29 2003	Service is horrible -- They deserve ZERO stars		
May 27 2003	Great price 		
Dec 17 2002	Excellent experience!		
Oct 7 2002	Very impressed		
Nov 18 2009 	capodanno da sogno...		
Nov 16 2009 	excellent hotel moderne		
Aug 31 2009	SCHITTEREND!		
Aug 11 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix à deux pas de l'Empire State Building		
Jul 23 2009 	Buen hotel		
Jul 13 2009 	Eleganza ma scarsa abitabilità		
Jul 6 2009 	Excellente situation jolie chambre lumineuse et personnel très dispo		
May 7 2009 	Ottimo hotel zona Midtown		
Mar 2 2009 	Boutique hotel		
Feb 28 2009 	ne vous faites pas avoir par les photos!!!!		
Nov 12 2008 	?????????		
Aug 28 2008 	Esperienza del tutto positiva		
Apr 25 2008 	bello ottima posizione		
Apr 14 2008 	bien placé mais attention aux prix!		
Mar 4 2008 	Magnifique Hotel!		
