	Good stay apart from lacking service hospitality	I and my girlfriend spent one week in New York to celebrate her 30th birthday and we spend four of those nights at Carlton and the remaining three at The Surrey which was a much better choice in every way (see separate review). Given the competition of New York hotels in this price range, I would not recommend nor stay at the Carlton again.Pro's:- Location, close to pretty much everything including two subway lines making transport to e.g. Grand Central or points south (Union Square, Financial District) very easy- Quality of the breakfast at the in-house restaurant Country- Well-priced (by NY standards)Con's:- Small room (we had a Deluxe room)- Quantity of the breakfast (we have breakfast included in our package)- They charged us $50 for a three minute US long distance phone call- Lack of customer service. The front desk and bell boy service was not what you expect from a hotel of this standard (given the price tag). At check out, when I asked for help with our luggage they just pointed to the elevator. The friendliest staff there were the maids and porters who would always say greet you in a kind manner and have a little chat with you.	
Nov 24 2009 	BIG room cheap luxury	We booked a double double bed room, and had heard that rooms in NYC are small, but we were supriced- it was SO big and NICE!! (Even though I think it was a handicap room). We payed about 1800 dollar for a week, for 4 persons, and I dont think that is a bad price at all:)!! It was very close to the subway, and we walked to time square sevral times, without a problem. The lobby is very nice, and the breakfast is GOOD, but SPENDY. I think this is the cheapes luxury hotel you can find in town, I spend days looking- and Im quite pleased with the result:).	
Nov 17 2009 	Would Not Stay Here Again	The Carlton has the potential to be nice, with all of the renovations that were recently made, however I woud defintiely not stay here again or recommend it to a friend. My husband and I often stay over night in the city for a little getaway. We decided to try a different hotel and, after reading reviews, decided on the Carlton. We did not make our reservation until the day of our stay but it was not until after we checked in that we were informed the restaurant and bar in the hotel would not be open to us because of a wedding taking place. One amenity I always look for is a bar/lounge within the hotel so I was very annoyed to find out we couldn't use it. They should have at least told us when I called the hotel directly that morning to make my reservation. We were also told the lobby would be closed to guests for a few hours and we would have to use the side entrance. This did not bother me but when we did use that entrance there wasn't a single door man or security person to be found. The room itself was fine. Small, as expected, but clean and fairly comfortable. We did have a small &quot;problem&quot; during the night, but I do not blame this on the hotel. At 5 am a highly intoxicated man was banging on the door next to ours screaming for the person inside to let him in. He was also yelling something about his kid being in there. Watching through the people I could see him literally throwing himself into the door to try and get it open. I tried to find the number for security, which took a while, but after about ten minutes the commotion finally stopped so I never informed the front desk. I suppose that could happen anywhere though. Overall, we were very unhappy with the hotel.	
Nov 13 2009 	Not exciting but perfectly acceptable	Apparently, everyone needed to be in New York City mid-October, and bargains were few and far between. My daughter and I wound up with a room at the Carlton after a series of miscommunications left us with a pressing need for reservations, and no luck on Priceline. The Carlton is close to two subway lines - a quick walk to either one, and we could get to either Grand Central or points south (Union Square, Financial District) very quickly. Our well-priced (by NY standards) standard room was cozy - okay, it was small - but very clean, comfortable and quiet. The bathroom was almost as large as the room itself; you could do calisthenics in there. Why, then, was the shower essentially a glass tube that forced one to stand perfectly straight and still in one spot? Heaven help you if you wanted to bend down to wash your feet. You'd have had to yell for a maid armed with the jaws of life to extricate you. The hotel staff was competent and pleasant, but...how should I say this...a little distant? It's a good thing that (a) I wasn't feeling lost and in need of friendly conversation and (b) that my suitcase has wheels. It's a long, lonely walk from the front desk to the elevator. Everyone in restaurant/bar on the first floor was very warm and accommodating, though. And no in-room coffee maker.....is that even legal? Yes? Well, it shouldn't be. The internet access was priced on a per-minute basis, and I'd have needed a court reporter to type fast enough to make an email reasonable. We went next door to a convenient little store/deli and paid $1 to check our email and look up some addresses - and drink coffee. It's a pleasant place to stay (the Carlton, I mean, not the deli), but somewhat lacking in the charm that we've grown to love at the Blakely. I would be happy to return to the Carlton, but heck...it's New York City, and I'd be willing to sleep in the ladies' room at Penn Station if that's what I had to do. Unfortunately, we couldn't get bargain rates there in October, either.	
Nov 11 2009 	The best stay I ever had in New York	I came to NYC for a nice weekend celebrating my anniversary. I was greeted by the friendly staff who gave me a complimentary upgrade and a nice bottle of red wine. The room was very nice with a view of the Empire State building. We definatelly had a wonderfull time and we'll surely be back again. Highly recomended imo.	
Nov 9 2009 	We Will Stay Here Again	We visit NYC a few times a year to see our son, and this is the only hotel we've chosen to stay in more than once. It's attractive, with clean, spacious, well-equipped rooms at a price that's reasonable for New York. We particularly appreciate the bathrooms because they have ample counter space to set out toiletries. Our bath this time even had shelves next to the sink . And the hotel is centrally located only a block from the 28th St. 4,5,6 subway stop, so it's easy to get around the city from here.My only criticism on this visit is of the concierge staff. When we first arrived, I asked the man on duty to recommend a restaurant in the immediate neighborhood for a light lunch. He was friendly and tried to be helpful, but he really didn't have a clue. Nor did the woman also on duty at the time. It seems to me well-trained people in this role should have such knowledge at their fingertips. Fortunately, someone standing nearby overheard my request and recommended a liitle cafe only two blocks away--&quot;Naturally Tasty&quot; lived up to its name.	
Nov 3 2009 	Comfortable stay clean and quiet. Lacks customer service though	My husband and I stayed here recently for our honeymoon. On arrival we asked if it was possible to upgrade our room as it was our honeymoon, but due to the response of the front desk, we had to quickly learn we were not going to get any special treatment at this hotel! We let that pass. We found the room very clean, the bed extremely comfortable and quiet. Air conditioning worked well as you can't really have the window open because of the constant noise from outside! Bed sheets were changed daily and bathroom shampoos, shower gels replenished although the maid removed any full bottles before our last day! The room had a big TV and a safe and provides you with wireless internet access. We hoped that we would get on friendly terms with the staff at this hotel but they kept to their selves. One even we asked the concierge if they could book a town car to take us to a Broadway show and they would not. I found this surprising as I thought they would be happy to do that for their guests. The friendliest staff there were the maids and porters who would always say good morning and have a little chat with you.Good location as it is very near the Empire State building and Macy's. We did not eat at the hotel but bought food from the many delis situated in this block. The hotel lobby was stunning, very classy and personally I liked the creepy Ghost-busters looking corridors! I would stay here again :)	
Nov 2 2009 	Just OK	Stayed in a suite on the 3rd floor. Bedroom was nicely furnished. Bed comfortable. The &quot;sitting room&quot; was sparsely furnished with no wall hangings. The bathroom had zero counter space. We moved a table to outside the bathroom to set toiletries. Outside noise was bad. Club across the street would close at 3 and it seemed like out windows were not shut. The bellman and doorman was fantastic. Had breakfast in the restaurant, messed up the order and service was sloooow. Free wi-fi internet was great.	
Nov 1 2009 	Adequate but not spectacular!	My husband and I stayed here for one week. Our room, number 703, was on the seventh floor and had the advantage of having two windows on different walls (although the one was behind the bed and had a type of metal cover which I discovered could be opened to allow more light in to the room). The room itself was not huge but included a queen size, very comfortable bed, desk and chair. The wardrobe had limited hanging space and a couple of drawers along with a laptop sized safe, (which was very useful), iron and small ironing board. Next to the desk was a small fridge which was well stocked with very expensive drinks and no space for anything else. There was also a radio/alarm clock with built in ipod docking station next to the bed.The bathroom was absolutely tiny and was difficult to enter and close the door behind after entering. Indeed the toilet straight ahead just about cleared the door. The shower over the bath was good with a large head and there was always plenty of hot water. There was also a good, powerful hair dryer provided in a small bathroom cupboard along with waffle robes on the back of the bathroom door. Toiletries were Molton Brown and therefore of good quality, but were not replaced daily even when it was obvious that there was not enough for another day's use. However the towels were replaced daily as was the bedding.There was air conditioning in the room however it was extremely noisy. Having said that it help to drown out the traffic noise so it is a matter of 'take your pick'. Also we didn't have a view from our window other than the rooms opposite, but this depends on your room's location. There was also a very large LCD television above the desk.We didn't eat at the hotel so can't comment on that, but we did have a drink at the bar and that was certainly not cheap. There are plenty of places just a few steps from the hotel to eat and drink so there is certainly lots of choice without having to go too far afield.The location of the hotel is very good for shopping or sightseeing be it on foot or using public transport. The subway is just a couple of minutes walk away and the Empire State Building, Maceys and the Flatiron district/Madison Park are within an easy ten minutes walk, or less.Having visited New York a few times before we decided to spend a little time in Brooklyn and quite enjoyed it as it has more of a town feel without all the towering skyscrapers and families seem to spend more time just slowly walking enjoying their free time. It is very easy to get to via the subway very close by. I also visited Grand Central Station again as I love the architecture inside and all the art work on the ceilings. There is also a food hall underneath where you can eat all sorts of food along with fresh juices and smoothies. I like to go to Juniors for their wide selection of cheesecake and have never yet managed to eat the whole of my portion. I also visited the New York State Library which again is very interesting inside with lots of architectural features and paintings particularly in their famed reading room. If you fancy a little fresh air then I suggest a walk or carriage ride around Central Park with its lakes and statues, zoo and carousel. Make sure you have very comfortable shoes as it is huge. Most places are either easy to walk to or a short subway or taxi ride away. Little Italy and China town are also well worth a visit and you could always join in with a game of chess or tai chi which you will see taking place in the China Town park areas.All in all, the Carlton is comfortable and certainly our room was very quiet apart from the traffic noise, but then you have to remember that you are in a very busy city where nothing stops still no matter what time of the day it is. If you are expecting absolute luxury then you will be disappointed and I wouldn't pay any more than you really need to for the hotel as it just of a very standard quality.	
Oct 20 2009 	beautiful hotel rude and lousy service	spend four nights in the hotel with my husband for our anniversary. ordered adeluxe through hotels.com and got a very good price. the hotel was beautiful, the room was nicely decorated and the bed was very comfortable. the thing is that the bathroom was very very small we asked if we cac swich into a room with a larger bathroom add they gave us another room with a larger bathroom and a very small bed. when we told them that we expecte a king bed (after all it is a deluxe room) they told us (not very politely) that if we have any problams we can take them to hotel.com since we booked through the websight. to make a long story short - the hotel is beautiful and very clean but the service as many others pointed before i did, was a absolutely terrible, outrageous and rude.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great hotel - not too big friendly 	I was a little worried about this hotel after reading other peoples reviews before arriving . I had nothing to fear. This was a perfect hotel - not impersonal like some of the big chains in horrible brash Times Square! The staff were lovely &amp; the room great although I did ask to be changed from the first room we were given - small for a deluxe &amp; poor view. My request was handled politely and the 2nd room was just what we wanted. My surprise was the lack of tea/coffee making facilities in the room but I had read about this before I left England &amp; bought a travel kettle with me &amp; mugs etc. Fresh milk was bought daily from the delicous Cafe 28 - amazing breakfasts and 2 mins walk away.	
Oct 12 2009 	Overrated	This Carlton definitely misses the Ritz as the hotel misses the mark by a mile. Slated as a 4-star hotel, the rooms are small, noisy, with uncomfortable beds and creepy hallways. Definitely not worth the rating, perhaps 3 star is more fitting. The most impressive part of the hotel is the lobby, beyond the entrance there is nothing else that really impresses the customer. From it's poor location, to amateur service, the Carlton is one to avoid.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful hotel great location some service issues	Overall, this is a lovely hotel - beautiful building and rooms. Clean and comfortable. Great location. No problems with free wifi. Breakfast at Country Restuarant was delicious! Enjoyed the yogurt and granola parfait, french toast. Appreciated a complimentary mini-fridge at our request. Booked hotel package through a specialty hotel website, package included breakfast vouchers, valet parking, a food/beverage credit. At check-in, room rate was correct but had to ask for breakfast vouchers, parking, food/bev credit. Took a while for a manager to come up to provide the vouchers and explain parking. At check-out, I was charged for parking and food/bev credit was not applied. Had to ask staff to correct bill. Bill was corrected, with apologies. Received an ontime wake-up call the first morning, but second morning the wake-up call was recieved more than 30 mins late. Caller insists she called earlier, at the requested time, but husband and I doubt this (we woke up on time on our own - glad we weren't relying on the wake-up call).	
Oct 8 2009 	Quiet and efficient	I stayed at this hotel for 18 nights on business. I stayed in an Executive Double room and it was clean, and surprisingly spacious with a really good size bathroom with bath and separate shower.Although the hotel lacks a little in character, I really appreciated the fact that throughout my stay I was never disturbed by slamming doors or guests shouting about in the corridors, which as anyone who stays in hotels a lot knows, is usually the case. In fact I never heard another guest, even though the hotel was obviously busy.I also appreciated the free in room wireless internet.	
Oct 3 2009 	Highly recommended great location price service and style.	We looked long and hard for a hotel in the right sort of area, which had some degree of grandeur about it, that offered good value for money, and also that was the right sort of place to take a 3 month old baby.We booked the Carlton thru Expedia - a really smooth experience with fantastic service. Really impressed with Expedia; we arrived a day late as our flight was overbooked, and Expedia contacted the hotel to advise them accordingly.The hotel is about a 40 minute cab ride from JFK (subject to traffic). The taxi ride is a flat fare of $45 plus toll ($5.50 at time of writing) and tip. On arriving at the hotel we were greeted with an impressive entrance and courteous doorman. Very helpful with our luggage (cases, stroller etc) without the hint of looking for a tip or resenting helping people with their luggage. We proceeded to check in which took no time really - there was some confusion but that was due to the fact that we arrived a day late and Expedia had &quot;checked us in&quot;. The reception staff were helpful and efficient - they didnt shower us with huge great smiles and have-a-nice-days, but they were helpful, efficient and friendly enough.Our room (room 229) was lovely. it was well designed, clean and very stylish. There was hardly any natural daylight in the room as the window faced towards the back of the building and walls etc - but this is New York. We didn't expect any different really. Also, the room was compact. I wouldn't say small, but it was plenty big enough for our 3 nights and baggage and shopping and pushchair and shoes etc.etc.etc. great room. Great bathroom/shower and toiletries. Bed was fantastic and comfy and clean and cosy.We only had a lunch at the hotel, and one thing that seemed to be common throughout New York regarding dining was the cost of wine. I had a glass of pinot noir which was about $18 - really expensive. The location was great for us. We didn't want to exit our hotel and for it to be too busy. For that it was perfect; we would leave the hotel and stroll to Madison Park or across to 5th Avenue and walk up to the Empire State building (about 5 minutes) and then on to Times Square (about 15 minutes). Central Park is about a 30 minute slow stroll away. Macys is about 10 minutes away. Fantastic store btw.So in conclusion, absolutely delighted with the hotel, cleanliness, staff, room, location and value. We would definitely go again. One last thing, 2 places to recommend that we ate at - Robert DeNiro's restaurant the Tribeca Grill was fantastic. It was quite expensive (again, the wine bumped up the cost), but the steak we had was the very best steak we have ever had. And we've eaten lots of steak in many places. Also, the staff were fantastic. They didn't make you feel like just another number through the door - they were personable, courteous and kept checking on us without being intrusive. I was concerned that because we had a 3 month old in a pushchair that we wouldn't be particularly welcome here as it's quite trendy - on the contrary, we were spoilt and made to feel special because of our baby, with staff checking if we wanted to move as we were quite near the draught from the front door. Secondly, we went for a burger near madison square gardens. Fat Annies Truck Stop at 131 West 33rd Street (just west of broadway) was great. Gemma wanted a proper burger in a proper burger bar. We had exactly that with a pitcher of beer and watched a football game. And the burgers were fantastic - proper home-made-style burgers. Oh, and good service too. If you want a diner-burger experience, this was great.	
Sep 30 2009 	Liked the Carlton - a fairly good value for NYC	I booked a superior room online though a discout travel site and was upgraded to the slightly larger deluxe. I'm really glad we had the upgrade, because the room was not particularly large. It was a good size though with plenty of room for the queen bed and a desk. The room itself was nicely decorated. I loved the large flat-screen tv. The bathroom was ample size with tub/shower and large sink/vanity. The location was nothing spectacular, but it was definitaly convenient for getting to most parts of the city. Subway was just a few blocks away.	
Sep 30 2009 	Beautifully stylish hotel (just a pity about the staff)	The photos we saw of this hotel didn´t do it justice. Though the rooms are not large, they are stylish, clean, cosy, and beautifully designed. The lobby was grand and atmospheric. The bathroom was beautiful with luxurious bath products. The bed was extremely comfortable. The location was right in the middle of Manhatten not far from the Chrysler, Empire State and Flatiron buildings, and conveniently next to a metro station on 28th.We might have rated this hotel 5 stars if it wasn´t for the fact that the staff were not warm, helpful or professional. Reception staff were fairly efficient but not friendly, and upon check-out three of the staff stood right in front of us in the middle of the reception desk, chatting loudly about getting their teeth whitened!! On arrival nobody offered to take our bags up to our room, and on departure a doorman carried our cases just three metres up five steps inside the lobby, and not even outside the hotel to the waiting taxi, and then stood around waiting for the tip! Once the chambermaid forget to put any towels in the bathroom - no problem - but when I called down to reception to request some, again the response was very cold.If you´re paying a reasonable price to stay at this hotel, we would very highly recommend. We got an excellent deal on a travel website and were extremely happy with the result. But for it to really contend in the highest league of luxury New York hotels, they need to have much better service and staff.	
Sep 29 2009 	Attractive choice in this part of town	My wife and I decided to go to New York for our 11th anniversary. We usually go to NYC at least once a year anyway (our last visit was March of '09, before that June of '08). First time staying at this hotel though--we usually stay downtown. Booked through Hotwire as I almost always do. After learning which hotel we would be staying at, I came to TripAdvisor to read reviews and was concerned by some of the things said by others about customer service. Decided to just get there and see how things went.Perhaps the hotel's management has been reading guests' reviews here, because everyone we dealt with was pleasant and treated us as paying guests should expect to be treated. We arrived around 2 PM Friday, the doorman let us leave our car out front while we checked in and brought our belongings to the room. I was concerned about getting stuck in a room with a double bed (one of the caveats of using Hotwire) but we were given a queen without asking, though we were told we were being &quot;upgraded&quot; to it, I guess that was to make us feel like they were doing us a favor. (Could also be policy until such rooms are gone.) I spoke with two or three different desk clerks during our three-night stay and all of them were polite and friendly, one looked up some info for me online.Carlton is an old building so the rooms are small, but we expected this. Our room was on the ninth floor on the longer 29th St. end of the building, but facing the inner light shaft. So no view, but not necessarily a big deal. The room was impeccably clean and very comfortable. The decorating style is an interesting hybrid of art deco and modern. The overall feel is old-fashioned but reasonably plush. Excellent bedding, very comfortable mattress. Shower could stand to have a bit more water pressure but was fine.It was also quiet. There was noise from the central systems down in the core of the hotel below our windows, but it was a dull sound and we ran the AC anyway. AC is a bit loud when it first kicks on but provides white noise which helped us fall asleep. We did not hear any noise of any kind from the corridor or either adjacent room.The hotel is in a good location, easy access to two subway lines (6 on Park Ave, N/R/W on Broadway) and numerous buses. Few short blocks to Empire State Building, Madison Square Park (try Shake Shack in the park), Herald Square, etc.The only slightly negative thing we encountered was that the housekeeping staff seemed a little too eager to get the rooms cleaned in the mornings. One day we were getting dressed and ready to head out around 10 AM, and someone knocked even though we had put out the Do Not Disturb sign. I decided not to speak to the management about it because I know they are trying to get the cleaning done on a schedule. If it had happened again I would have spoken up.For those who have read some other guests' reviews and may be concerned, I want you to know that we had a very enjoyable stay at the Carlton and would stay there again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great hotel good location	We were a little cautious booking this hotel as it is much further down Manhattan than we would usually stay. But the location was great. The hotel itself is fine - rooms are not large (we were in a superior room on the 8th floor), but well presented. Nice toiletires, bathrobes etc. Comfy bed. No tea / coffee facilities, but a deli next door does take-out for about $1.00.Additional costs are heavy though - breakfast and drinks were very expensive - I think $16 for a singe glass of wine is too much! (that's in the bar, not room service).One complaint - no red wine in the mini-bar - only white, beer or spirits (a small point, but I like my red wine).Staff were couteous and helpful.Would recommend and would definitley consider staying here again. We got a good deal through Expedia.	
Sep 20 2009 	What a great surprise	Based on using this website we booked the Carlton for a Sat night here in NY. It is about 75% better than expected. This is based on own research to date. Stylish mix of modern and expected NY close to loads of bars which is exactly what we were looking for. 3 hrs after check in more tmrw	
Sep 18 2009 	Excellent location for sightseeing and transport	Stayed here for 4 nights in early September to see NY for the first time. Really good location right in the centre of Manhattan. Grand Central Station easily walkable if required, and many good delis and eateries locally. Perhaps the staff could be trained to smile a little more, but no problems. The room was excellent and not a bad size, with power shower and big TV (this automatically defaults to paid-for channels when turned on, but press the * key to get news and local stations free). Comfortable bed and good air-con. From JFK get the shuttle bus door-to door for $20, and return by the airport bus near Grand Central Station for $15. Both much cheaper than the set-price taxi fare of $45 plus.	
Sep 16 2009 	Perfect hotel and ideal location	My wife and I went to New York for the first time to celebrate her 60th birthday and choice of hotel was important. The Carlton ticked all the boxes and did not let us down. Clean, great location, friendly staff and value for money. Not being great walkers location was important to us and we were only 4 blocks from the excellent Empire State Building and the lovely Madison Square Park. We would recommend this hotel to those who want that little bit extra when you get that little bit older and perhaps wiser.	
Aug 29 2009 	Beautiful Lobby. Everything downhill from there.	After a week of hotel jumping in NYC, The Carlton was my last stop. Having had great luck with the other 2 hotels I stayed at during the week, I was looking forward to this joint given it's fairly positive reviews on-line. Maybe I'd been spoiled by great service elsewhere, but this was a total letdown.The lobby is lovely, although somewhere creepily quiet. There were folks sitting on the couches, but no one was saying a word. A bit strange. After an awkward walk with my luggage down about 10 stairs to get to reception, I was greeted by a very surly gentleman. Check-in was smooth, although it was the first time I got the cold shoulder for purchasing through Hotwire. There was some obvious animosity from the front desk that I was not a full price client. Made my way to the room. There's still some construction going on here and there. Hallways are dated and dark. The room was the smallest I've ever been given in NYC. I'd guess about 150 sq ft. Newly renovated, but with an antiquated design concept. Imagine if your Grandmother renovated her condo. Lots of crown molding, ugly carpets, gaudy furniture. The bathroom was teeny tiny, and made to feel smaller by the enormous cabinet and pedestal sink. One of those suckers where you have to stand on top of the toilet to get the door closed. All those things aside, the room was totally unpolished. Hotel information was copied on Xerox paper. The phone, had all of the extensions (room service, front desk, etc) handwritten onto it's face. Desk was extremely wobbly, chair was so uncomfortable. There were fruit flies in the room. The high speed internet which I needed so badly for work, was dial-up slow. The view; well there was none except of a brick wall. I asked the front desk if there was a possibility of a paid upgrade to a larger room, and if the internet was fixable. I was given a rate of nearly twice what I'd paid via Hotwire to upgrade to a room that was 100 sq ft larger. Not worth it. I checked out 2 hours after checking in, and got a beautiful room elsewhere for the price that they were going to charge me to upgrade.	
Aug 26 2009 	A Great Place for Couples	My husband and I just took a trip to NYC to celebrate our 5th anniversary. He had never been to NYC, and I hadn't been there for 10 years, so our hotel choice was purely based on internet reviews. This hotel didn't disappoint. The lobby is spacious, modern, and beautifully appointed. The staff was pleasant and very accomodating. We got in early on the day we arrived and the staff member at the desk allowed us to check in 3 hrs prior to scheduled time with no questions asked. On our last day, we had a late flight out, and the staff allowed us to extend our checkout until 2pm at no cost!The rooms are smallish, but normal for NYC from what I've heard. The bathroom was beautiful with granite countertops, marble floor tiles, etc. Both the room and bathroom were immaculately clean. The hotel is also very quiet--we never heard a peep from neighboring rooms.The drinks in the minibar as well as the room service breakfast is ridiculously expensive (read: $10 + 20% surcharge + $5 delivery fee=$17 for a bowl of oatmeal). However, there is a Dunkin doughnuts 2 doors down that we frequented. My only regret about this hotel is it's location. The only main tourist site that is very close is the Empire State Bldg. In hindsight, I would have preferred to stay closer to Rockefeller Center, as that's were we spent a great deal of time. All in all, I really liked this hotel and would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 21 2009 	An excellent hotel	An excellent hotel to stay in as it was located near all the main sights. There was a slight mistake about our booking but the problem was rectified very quickly. There was a also a place called Susie's nearby which served excellent breakfast!	
Aug 21 2009 	Bar closes early - how ridiculous is that?	Location near to Subway, great delis and Empire State Building is a bonus. The Concierge Staff are brilliant too.But what let the hotel down was the feeling that the clean sheets (daily) weren't always perfectly clean......but on the whole it wasn't bad.However, the one thing that really bugged me is that when you've been out all day and want to relax with the beer. You can't if the restaurant is quiet, the Bar Manager just closes the bar, despite us as hotel guests wanting to buy a drink. He wasn;t willing to serve us. A properly run bar will remain open until very late, so I had to leave the hotel and buy my beer (larger volume, lower price) from a deli nearby. Hotel staff weren't particularly concerned but I can't recommend this hotel on the basis you can't relax with a nice drink if the bar manager decides to close early (wrong person for the job)	
Aug 12 2009 	A Perfectly Decent Base for Business	Trying to take a short break in NYC, without breaking the bank is proving harder than ever - and with a party of 2 requiring clean and quiet rooms, with unlimited Wi-Fi included in the room rate - our options were very limited.As we needed to be in Midtown for meetings, the Carlton was in a good spot, just a short walk from the Empire State Building and Broadway, and came in as the best option for 4 nights under £500.The service element is a bit of a let down - nobody seemed to be on hand to help with luggage either on check-in or departure; and my room was missing a tv remote when I arrived.But to be honest, when travelling on business I don't expect the same 'luxury touches' as I would get on a personal holiday so am happy to get my own bag up to my room.The corridoors were a bit chaotic on my floor as they are being re-decorated - but I can't fault a premises who is working on improving the customer experience, that would be unfair.I can't comment on food as I didn't eat there, and my colleague visited the partnering gym and had no complaints.The toiletries were Molton Brown - good quality, although highly perfumed. If you have sensitive skin then use your own.Also the room has a decent hairdryer, which ladies will need to cope with the humidity!For a short break or business trip my crunch point is always - was the room clean to my exacting standards? Yes it was, spotless white bedding and towels, although the bedroom carpet could do with a shampoo.In terms of decor, it looks exactly as per other travellers' photos, so don't worry about unexpected surprises, it's just a little bit small - but in the Big Apple, you won't spend too much time in your room anyway!	
Aug 8 2009 	High on promise abyssmal on delivery	I stayed at The Carlton on Madison Avenue for about 10 nights in July 2009 whilst on a business trip to NY. My initial impressions based on what I had seen on the hotel's website were quite positive but it was a BIG let down when I actually landed at the hotel. To start with, the corridors were so narrow that it was quite an effort to get the luggage from the elevator in to the room, very claustrophobic. The room wasn't much to talk about, considering the amount I was paying per room night - $300+. The room did not have any glasses, let alone a bottle or jug of water. No kettles for hot water with tea / coffee satchets - things that I have come to expect after travelling extensively. No newspapers delivered to the room, contrary to what was promised or listed in the welcome kit. The room tariff was supposed to include bed + breakfast...and what a breakfast it was, three pieces of ice cold croissants that the waiter dumped on your table each morning. Surely the inmates at Guantanamo would be treated to a better fare. Concierge service - well, consider yourself lucky if you manage someone managing the desk when you wanted it the most !! On the whole a very disappointing experience and daylight robbery / rip - off for the money that they charged. Would I go there again - never in a lifetime. Why did I go there - didn't have a choice as it was the only hotel approved by my employer.	
Jul 27 2009 	Quiet and pleasant - in the heart of NYC	We stayed one week in July. Clean and well equipped rooms - one standard and one upgraded. Standard room a bit small. Walking distance to almost every &quot;must do&quot; for a NYC tourist. Good service altogether. Excellent doormen, with Stephen as our absolute favorite. His street smart advises were highly valued. Try the restaurant for a quiet dinner. The food holds gourmet standard and the wine list is a pleasant surprise. Breakfast, though, is low value for money. Go to Tasty deli and enjoy your morning meal in nearby Madison Park. If arriving by taxi, be very specific on the address. Some drivers will try to earn extra money by &quot;mistaking&quot; 88 on Madison for Madison and 88 - 60 streets away.	
Jul 23 2009 	Nice but a little small.	Stayed in the hotel for a 30th birthday trip. Very well presented hotel and the staff were very helpful and attentive. On the negative side we had a Queen room upgrade free through Expedia but the room was still small, and the bathroom very small (the door nearly hit the toilet!). The location is okay although the only near attraction is the Empire State Building, however a Subway station is nearby. There is a also a lack of bars in the immediate area. Overall it was a good place to stay, just nothing out of the ordinary.	
Jul 22 2009 	Comfortable stay but reception staff needs customer-service training	- Excellent value for money - were lucky to receive an upgrade to a Jr Suite style room (bedroom + living room). More than enough space for &quot;travel&quot; partners not sharing the same bed.- Bedroom negatives: could not seem to find glasses with/in the mini-bar. Limited cupboard storage and bathroom not up to the standard of the bedroom (small); personal: like the Molton Brown bathroom ameneties.- Service: Except the friendly and efficient concierge, as a former Hotel Sales Manager, I was pretty appalled by the terrible reception service. They simply did not seem to care. The check-out felt as if they were happy to see us leave. No smile and no sense whatsoever of customer-oriented attitude. It seems that I am not the only reviewer to point this out. Surprising for a hotel of this standard. Time for the Management to question their methods and carefully read their Richey Quality Standards reports (they will know what I am talking about)... and take action.- Restaurant/bar: efficient and friendly barman. Good selection of cocktails and spirits. Had breakfast on the first morning. Did not return. Waited 25mins for a continental bkfast + a grapefruit; I was the 2nd of the 2 clients in the restaurant...! Paid +$30 for 3 sad looking soggy rolls. Went to the local diner down the street and enjoyed it much more.	
Jul 16 2009 	Second stay as pleasant as first	I returned to the Carlton on Madison after several years, as prices have dropped to their original introductory level. The service remains excellent - the front desk gave me a nicer room when I didn't like the initial one, the manager volunteered to help with my in-room wifi access when I had trouble, the coffee was promptly delivered by room service in the morning, and there were robes and a reasonable range of TV channels. The corridors are quiet at night and the heat-air-conditioning works and produces white noise to drown out traffic. The restaurant food remains excellent, and in July it was participating in the citywide &quot;value lunch and dinner.&quot; At current recessionary prices, this hotel is a fabulous deal. Even at higher prices, this is a good choice for anyone wanting a very nice level of comfort and service in a neighborhood with amenities but also reasonably quiet nights. The only advice is that this hotel, like all midprice Manhattan hotels, has some tiny rooms facing brick walls, to be avoided if possible.	
Jul 10 2009 	Classy. Comfortable. Clean.	This is my second trip to New York and the Carlton on Madison simply made the trip memorable. It was a great value for the money to begin with. I read mixed reviews on here, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that The Madison really did deliver exceptional service. Despite what other reviewers claimed, I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. Stephan, the floor manager suggested restaurants, helped us with our luggage and the concierge booked our shuttle bus for us! Our rooms were cleaned every day. The hotel itself was elegantly designed with classic finishing. Very classy. I noticed the elevators were programed to be always available at the lobby. Although, there were minor renovation underway in the stairway hall, it wasn't a bother to us. Another drawback was the air conditioning unit was somewhat noisy, but we slept through it. For what we paid, The Carlton is truly a gem on Madison Avenue. I will definitely stay here when I re-visit The Big Apple.	
Jul 8 2009 	Nice Hotel	Myself and partner stayed at the Carlton for 4 nights. We opted for the superior room as I had read that the standard room was quite small. Well our room was still small! but we managed. The room was always well cleaned by staff and we had nothing moved or stolen as mentioned by the previous review, but I kept a note of where i left things and we locked our valuables away. The bathrrom was quite small, we were left robes in the bathroom which is a nice touch, but we didnt use. Check in was quick but we didnt really see any staff after that and on the few days that we did I didnt find them particulary friendly, no hellos etc... only if we said hello to them. A couple of times we went into the bar to have a drink before we went out in the evenings but there was never any staff around. The hotel is situated near enough to all the sights etc...All in all it was a nice hotel and very clean.	
Jul 7 2009 	Wow can service make a difference	We stayed here for the better part of a week and left feeling really just shocked at the indifferent service. Not just indifferent. It was as if even being in the hotel was a bother for those who worked there. The doormen did not hold the door open, say hello, or offer to flag down cabs (except in one circumstance - there is actually one doorman who was very nice). When asked to hold our bags for the afternoon that we checked out, the elderly bag check man let out a very audible sigh. And we're tippers! When checking out, the receptionist told us we were done, but never offered a receipt until we said we wanted to check it. And then didn't ask us how our stay was or to have a good day or any of the normal courtesy comments one might expect... We asked the concierge how best to get to the airport and he all but told us to figure it out - he offered no suggestions whatsoever. We were not given toiletries for 4 days in a row. I finally called and after waiting an hour, we had to leave for dinner. I asked at the front desk if they could have it handled and, upon our return, we found 4 rolls of toilet paper on our bench --- not toiletries. The cleaning service came in our room twice notwithstanding our do not disturb signs. And did not clean our room once even though we had the &quot;freshen up&quot; sign up. It was odd.We were upgraded to a king deluxe or something like that - had a living room off of it - which was nice to have space in NYC, but the bathroom was TINY! There was not a functional plug in the bathroom. Otherwise, the room was comfortable, including the bed. Actually, the bed was a bonus. It was too close to the ground, however, so the construction noise was a bit bothersome (though we had no expectation of &quot;quiet&quot; in NYC, so we got over that).The location was OK for getting to other areas of NYC - walkable in large part - but not a neighborhood feel.All in all, we felt that our room for under $200/nt was probably worth the value, but we would NEVER return because of the most curiously bad service. There is absolutely no way this was a 4star. Just no possible way.	
Jul 6 2009 	Pretty but dull - and tiny!	The Carlton is a classic old school hotel - grand lobby, beautiful furnishing and TINY rooms. The photos posted on the web of the &quot;standard room&quot; which showed an armchair, bed and desk were nothing like the room we had, which had a bed, a small desk and desk chair and about 1 square foot of space. No where to put a suitcase (it did have drawers and a small closet, but this meant unpacking for our short stay). Nowhere other than the bed to sit. I know that New York hotel rooms are small . The bathroom was beautiful and had a bath and a shower, but again, did not even have a shelf or any other space to put your toothbrush &amp; toiletries. We also had an extremely loud heater/air con that kept me awake much of the night. The area appears very safe. To me, having stayed downtown in the past, it was dull and lacked places to eat nearby. That said, the concierge was very helpful at making reservations or suggeting places to eat. It is close to the some of the shopping areas and the empire state. It's about as far away from a subway station as you can get in Manhatten (which is still not that far)	
Jul 6 2009 	Terrible service even for New York	This hotel is nice enough, in a good location, but the service is terrible. For us, it started already at check-in, where Guadalupe gave us an attitude you would not believe. Afterwards, she continued to make our stay unpleasant. We asked for a rollaway upon arrival, which never came. When I complained the next day, all she could muster was, &quot;I cannot control housekeeping&quot;. No apology or anything. I could talk to the manager, she said, but of course he was not around. No one else to help us, except Guadalupe. Amazing. Don't stay at this hotel.	
Jun 29 2009	DONT DO IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Don't even bother unless you enjoy your personal belongings being stolen and a staff that does not accommodate you in ways such as......................calling the police because of grand larceny, not cooperating with NYPD and covering up the fact that the staff is involved!!!!!! Even spoke to some of the nice employees and they told me it happens all the time! The front desk Manager needs help in the customer service area, found her to be incredibly rude and as for their &quot;security staff&quot;, HA give me a break! He must be getting a cut of all the action. Scammers all the way!!!!!!!	
Jun 26 2009 	Nice decor shame about the staff	Stayed for 4 nights in superior double. Hotel is beautifully furnished, the bar is good with decent food, the room was comfortable and a decent size, although it overlooked the hotel's air vents so it was pretty noisy. Overall, quite nice.HOWEVER, despite there being plenty of staff standing about, none of them were helpful. On our arrival, the valet parking attendant asked us to get back into our car and reverse it a few metres until it was in the 'right place' for him to take it away, and he stood by waiting for a tip after watching us struggle to take out our own luggage. Check-in was efficient but grumpy. Room service was a shambles and when I asked for a half bottle of champagne with our breakfast (for my partner's birthday) I was told haughtily and rudely &quot;it is our hotel policy not to serve alcohol in the mornings.&quot; Every time we came in and out of the hotel, staff studiously avoided meeting our gaze; we didn't get a single 'good morning/evening.' When we left, the check-out staff was only interested in whehter our bill was correct, not whether we'd had a good time (and we saw several other guests that morning complaining about errors in their bills). The grumpy valet brought our car up late and stalked off without so much as a goodbye. What a pleasant way to finish our stay!	
Jun 22 2009 	Tiny room	It is hard to spend too much time in a hotel room when in NYC, so I did not pay much attention to the hotel. But the tiny room was hard to miss. It was just a bit bigger than the bed. The bathroom was also very small, but also quite elegant. Another annoying thing was that the wireless Internet connection was not working properly inside the room, so I could not use my computer unless I went to the main lobby. Other than that, not much to say, except of course for the location, which is very good.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great hotel great location	A really lovely New York Hotel, From experience the average NY hotel can be really small and cramped but this hotel wasnt! The room was great - a corner room with a view from the shower of the Chrysler building!! The staff were nice and inclusive breakfast (continental) decent. Great location, near time square but not too near! Near Union Square, great Whole Foods nearby. Anthony Bourdain's Les Halles is only one block away and really worth a visit for excellent French/American cusine &amp; steaks. We really really enjoyed our stay and got an excellent deal moneywise too! Have already recommended it to good friends!	
May 23 2009 	Perfect Location for Partying and Sightseeing Great Value	We looked for ages for a Manhattan hotel within our budget that wasn't icky. This one came in on a good deal through Expedia, and we jumped at it. Four Star at 3 Star Prices. Lovely Hotel, nice rooms, all as described on their web site.The only reason I have marked down the Cleanliness is that the mirrors in the lifts were a bit smeared.The only reason I have marked down the Rooms is that there were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room (but hey walking around the block takes you to a Dunkin Donuts, Starbucks, Subway and an Independent Deli open 24 hours)The only reason I have marked down the service is that the staff did once allow their tension with each other to show in front of guests at one point, but this was an isolated incident, and overall we were very pleased with the service.	
May 19 2009 	Wow the room was small!	The hotel was in a good location; however, I am happy that I was traveling alone due to the rooms size. I always stay at 4 star hotels,(Morgans, Muse, Sofitel, etc), but this has been one of the smallest rooms I have ever seen. In addition, it was plain. Upon looking out the window, I was greated with a brick wall. Not worth the price. The breakfast in the hotel was fantastic ($15 pancakes)!	
May 5 2009 	Wonderful hotel great location and service	We spent 6 nights at the Carlton Hotel at 88 Madison Avenue. From the moment we stepped in until last minute we had a wonderful stay. The room was spacious, it had a large flat TV screen the bathroom was really good and everything that you need for a confortable stay. The location of the hotel was really good, 1 block away from the 5th Avenue and 1 from the subway. It's a quiet area but close to everytthing, easy to go downtown (Soho, Greenwich village) or Uptown (to Central Park and all highend shopping). Moreover is one step away from the Empire State building and 20 minutes walk from Time Square. The only downside of the hotel is the breakfast, too expensive and too little. But we only tried once, all the other days we had breakfast at the deli on the corner of the 28th street with 5th Avenue. It was much cheaper and fun to watch the new yorkers rushings to work and having their 3 m breakfast. Enjoy	
May 1 2009 	Very Disappointed	We had a reservation at a different hotel. The day before the check in date, I saw Perfect Escapes had a special offer for Carlton on Madison. If we book through Perfect Escapes for the Carlton on Madison, we would get 2 complimentary breakfasts and free upgrade. Wanted to make sure... I called Carlton on Madison. Spoke with a woman at Reservation. She said it is true that they have an agreement with Perfect Escapes. We will get complementary breakfast for two, and wine upon arrival. The free upgrade will depend on the hotel's availability. However, she can see they have plenty availabilities for now. (This is the day before our stay). So, I canceled our reservation at the other hotel and booked for Carlton through Perfect Escapes based on the information she provided.The next day when we arrived at Carlton, the front desk told us a complete different story. We didn't get any wine or complementary breakfasts because the price we paid was &quot;already very good&quot;. They didn't have any availability for upgrades. When I told them about my phone conversation with the reservation just the day before, they called the woman on her cell phone to confirm. She confirmed we did have that conversation. BUT, the front desk said she made an ERROR about our complementary breakfasts and wine. AND, yesterday they had a “system problem” about the availabilities. Do we recommend this hotel? NO	
Apr 28 2009 	Classy comfortable and great location	Stayed here for 6 nights with the other half and thought it was a great hotel. Went for the superior room and were very happy. It was spacious and was beautifully decorated. The bed was large and very comfortable and we both slept like logs for the duration of our stay. Nice 42&quot; tv aswell. Lobby is fantastic and the staff were helpful. Checking in and out was an absolute breeze. Good location 1 block from the subway and 4 blocks from the Empire state building. Air con was a little loud but did work perfectly. House keeping was top notch. We went for a room only rate and there was plenty of nice deli/cafes in the vinicinty to grap a good value breakfast. Restaurant was nice but pricey and the bar didn't appear to stay open all that late. But all in all a very nice hotel.	
Apr 26 2009 	lovely hotel in a great central location	Booked a superior room for 7 nights and it was more than ample size wise - you could actually move around the room and there was no need to climb over the bed to get from one side of the room to the other, Room was tastefully decorated, clean and noise free (room was at the back of the hotel which didn't have views but did mean a peaceful sleep). Bathroom was spacious and well stocked with fluffy towels, bathrobes and Molton Brown toiletries (this was a factor in choosing this hotel).Staff were pleasant and not pushy in any way - just let you get on with things.Hotel is well located near to subways (weekly $25 ticket is great value), shopping (West 34th street has all the usual high street stores plus Macy's) and lots of bars and restaurants (e.g. Live Bait, The Ginger Man, Rattle and Hum, Deli 28).We are planning to return to NYC towards the end of the year and will likely stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 23 2009 	An excellent choice and real 4* luxury	I’m 37 and my wife is 29. We are frequent flyers. We loved this hotel. The lobby is fairly impressive but they really need to take the covers off the chandeliers. Get a free, detailed map of New York from the concierge. The room we had was excellent. I'd read many reviews of other New York hotels and how people had to climb over their beds to get to the other side of the room. This hotel was spacious in comparison. 42&quot;LCD wall mounted TV. Clean, tidy, fresh rooms and everything worked. No noise from outside. Very comfy beds but no tea/coffee facilities and no slippers. Did not eat there, as it seemed pricey. Luckily Dunkin Doughnuts was just 2 doors along...go on, you're on holiday, spoil yourself. We did! Taxis are everywhere but very hard to find one that is empty and not off duty. When we did use them, they were very affordable and seem to go by distance rather than time, which is just as well given all the traffic congestion. The best way to get around is by subway and buses which we had unlimited access to with our Metro card purchased for $25 for 7 days. The nearest stops are the green line (6) and the yellow lines (NRW). We managed to do everything before end of 6 days. One of the best shows we went to was amateur night at The Apollo theatre in Harlem where the likes of Chris rock was discovered. It was the best fun we'd had in a long while. You actually get to boo performers off the stage! We also went to Gotham Comedy Club, I was not amused by any of the comedians and it was a total rip-off. At all costs, avoid the Katz Delicatessen (When Harry met Sally) as everything about this place is a letdown. No one cares that you are waiting to be served; there are 3 queues but try working out which is which. We got out of there as quick as possible as it looked so unhygienic. The Harlem Spiritual tour is worth doing but don’t bother with the meal...you'll be disappointed. Go on the Circle Lines ferry but the 3-hour one is quite long so pick a shorter one. Go to Central park, row your own boat, rent a bicycle and visit the zoo. Right now weather is fantastic, 22C and sunny. It seemed to be warmest around 6pm. Was not too impressed with the one nightclub we went to (Pacha) no real dress code, jeans and t-shirts seemed okay and the clubs had not really got going even at 11pm. For the return journey the concierge can arrange a super shuttle transfer to the airport for $22 each.	
Apr 21 2009 	A Fabulous Hotel in a Fabulous City	This was my first time to New York and the Carlton on Madison Ave made it a really special experience for me. My friends and I went to New York to celebrate my 30th birthday and I wanted to stay in a luxurious hotel but not too pricey. Carlton on Madison Ave ticked all the boxes! Got a great deal with the rate and when we arrived I was wished a Happy Birthday by the front office staff (very impressed!), My expectations continued to be exceeded as I entered the magnificent corner room we had been allocated with 2 double beds, very spacious and gorgeous Molton Brown products in the bathroom! We had breakfast included in the rate and it was of a very high standard each morning. The staff were at all times extremely helpful and friendly. I will certainly be returning. Ps: if you're a big shopping fan like me you have to go to Woodbury Common Outlet, it's amazing!!!! All the designer brands at really good prices!!! I especially recommend the Coach Shop!!	
Apr 16 2009 	Good price nice room great location but quite noisy	We spent a week at this hotel. Definitely well situated in Manhantan (midtown : on Madison av and 28th str) we really enjoyed NY because first thing to do are near by and subway is available close to the hotel. The hotel is nice and deserve a 4*. The room (superior type) was well decorated (modern style), big enough, clean and the bed was comfortable. We also have a 42&quot; flat tv screen in the room. The bathroom was big enough, well decorated and clean too. The service was ok but nothing special. What we like the least was the noise in the room. From outside we heard noise from the street. Nothing serious (depends what you can stand anyway) but a little bit annoying. We benefited a nice price for 5 nights stay : 50% =&gt; great value.	
Apr 15 2009 	Good location fair room but no coffee machine!	I have stayed for 5 nights at this hotel, and liked this hotel apart from the fact that there was no kettle nor coffee machine. You would have to order one if you want to have a cup of coffee or tea when you just wake up!Otherwise it is nice hotel in great location.Like: Location, Molton Brown, modern but classic, clean. free wifiDislike: no kettle nor coffee machine (There is a good deli called cafe 28 3 mins walk. You can get nice food and drink)	
Apr 12 2009 	Little room and fair service	Incredible small double room with no space besides the bed.	
Apr 7 2009 	Perfect hotel for city break	My husband &amp; I stayed here for 5 nights in March to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. The hotel was in a great location, just a few blocks from the Empire States Building and easy walking distance to all of the top sights &amp; shops in NYC. We had a standard room which we booked via hotels.com and got a great deal of £94 per night. The room was extremely clean, well maintained, modern and comfortable, perfect for our city break. The Concierge was extremely knowledgeable &amp; helpful and gave us some great tips and restaurant recommendations including Houstons (American) &amp; Dos Caminos (Mexican - they do the most amazing guacamole) which were a short walk away. The subway is just a short walk from the hotel, although we explored the city mostly on foot and the location was great for getting out &amp; about. We would definitely stop here again and would recommend to friends &amp; family. You can't go wrong especially if you get a great deal like we did! We loved our stay and thought NYC was amazing.	
Apr 4 2009 	Poor Service only for the loation	I stayed in this hotel for 8 days with my boyfriend and the location was great! If you only look for a place to stay and you care less of the service, you should choose in this hotel! The minute we arrived, the doorman scolded the taxi driver as he didn't help to drop off our luggage, they just yelled with each other in front of us. One night I asked for a laundry bag, no one sent us one and when my boyfriend came back to the hotel room during lunch time, the cleaning lady just asked him to stand and wait outside the room as she was too busy cleaning up our room! I was asking the reception to help me send the postcard but he just told me to buy a stamp at the store next to the hotel and refused to help. I never experience this kind of service at any hotels. Carlton Hotel definitely need to re-train the staffs so to survive in this competitive world!	
Mar 5 2009 	Still very nice but not what it used to be ..	My husband and I were married 2 years ago at the Carlton and had an outstanding experience at the hotel and Country restaurant. Our wedding guests all stayed at the hotel and everyone raved about the service, accommodations, food, etc. it was truly a memorable stay in every way. My husband and I returned last year and again this year to celebrate our wedding anniversary. This year, we noticed that the hotel had lost some of its polish. Most notably, and to our great disappointment, Country Restaurant (upstairs) is now closed, The hotel still operates the Country Bistro downstairs, but the menu has suffered. The food has gone from outstanding to merely adequate. We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights and dined frequently there (all of our breakfasts and a couple of dinners) and were not &quot;wowed&quot; even once. The breakfast pastries used to be bakery fresh, but are now completely ordinary. They no longer serve my favorite brunch dish (individual casserole pot with poached egg, asparagus and ham), and I didn't find a worthy replacement on the menu. Service at the bistro was fine, but not the level we had come to expect. The champagne bar upstairs is also no longer in operation, which was another big disappointment. It was a cozy and romantic spot for a nightcap, serving amazing martinis and champagne drinks. The rooms are still fine, although we weren't given as nice a room on this visit as we had in the past. We were right in front of the elevator and there was a bit of noise. In the past, we were treated to upgrades, but not this time. The staff didn't seem to recognize us as return visitors or acknowledge our anniversary in any way. If you stay at the hotel, try to get one of the corner rooms, as they have the nicest views. Overall, the hotel is showing a little wear and tear compared to a year ago. Nothing terrible. My overall impression is that the hotel has been impacted by the bad economy and has had to cut some corners. I don't think new visitors would be disappointed -- it is still a very charming and comfortable hotel. If you can take advantage of some of a discounted rate (they pop up on Travel Zoo now and then), it is also still a great value. However, my husband and I both felt a little bit sad that our sentimental favorite is not what it used to be. We'll probably just cherish our memories there, but will consider staying elsewhere on our next visit to the city.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great Hotel	This was our first visit to NYC, and the Carlton was perfect for us. We found it to be an elegant hotel, with helpful staff and a good location. Upon arrival our airport shuttle dropped a bit down the sidewalk from the entrance - the doorman, Stefan, rushed down to help us with our bags and take them to the front desk for check in. The room was very nice although a bit small, but we understand this is the norm for NYC. It was nicely furnished, upscale linens, marble bath with nice toiletries. Within walking distance to many restaurants, etc. and a reasonable cab ride to other areas in Manhattan.	
Feb 20 2009 	Clean beautiful great value would stay again	I stayed here for one night in Feb. The only complaint I have is that when we got into the room, and it was smaller than we had imagined, we immediately called the front desk to see if a larger room as available and they told us they were sold out. However, we know they were not sold out, as the lobby was empty, and no one was around. We literally saw only 2 other guests the whole time we were there.On to the happy stuff: The room was immaculate, as was the bathroom. We enjoyed the lovely, classic decor of the room ,and the gorgeous lobby. Room service was fast and tasty, although a little pricey. Valet parking takes 15 mins for car retrieval, but they let us know upon check in so that was ok. The bed was SO comfortable and the linens first rate. Plenty of light and mirrors, which was great for us, 2 women getting ready for a night on the town. Location is great - taxis go by there all the time. Nice neighborhood. We got a good deal on hotels.com, for $160/ night. Highly recommended!	
Feb 19 2009 	Classy little boutique hotel	This historic looking hotel, offered newly rennovated rooms with fine Moulton Brown bath amenities, VERY comfortable bed, marble bath, and even an ipod docking station! The concierge, Front desk, and bell service went above and beyond to assist me with my needs. The restaurant's food &amp; service was above par, hotel guests had breakfast included w/their stay. They even had fresh squeezed apple juice! I only had 2 small issues: 1. The reservations staff was unresponsive and difficult to deal w..i called 3 times to get a confirmation sent to me, and to this day i still have never gotten one of them! 2. I had some difficulty with the antique shower handle but I contacted the desk, and maintenace was sent up wihtin 5 mintues to come fix the problem. I would definitly stay here again!	
Jan 20 2009 	Average boutique hotel in NYC	I would stay here again for 2-3 nights, as it's so central to everything, not more than that though... ProsVery Good LocationReally chic foyerHotel has the Wow factor as you enter through the doorsRoom has a cosy feel to it, good interier decoHad a really good limited edition coca cola in the fridgeConsRoom is small - but good for NYC apparantlyThe bathroom is the size of a double wardrobeRoom Service menu is not very goodE! Entertainment, MTV, HBO and VH1 didn't work on the TVThe bathroom door didn't close, it kept sliding open, had to put a shoe thereThey wouldn't extend our checkout by half an hour	
Jan 11 2009 	Nice Location	Classy hotel with a nice location. Compared to the other hotels in the area, this is a better choice for the money, walking distance to many attractions in NYC	
Jan 1 2009 	ComfyClassyCarlton	My husband &amp; I have just returned from N.Y. where we stayed at the Carlton. We flew in from Manchester to Newark and got the sky train into Penn Station.The hotel was only a short 4 block walk,check in was easy,nice welcoming staff.Our room was on the 9th floor at the back so no view.The bed was a standard double but comfy,lovely bathroom with great toilettries. Room service menu was expensive as was the hotel restaurant and bar, average price for a glass of wine was $13. My husband had emailed the concierge beforehand to tell them we would be celebrating our anniversary whilst there and on arrival found a bottle of champagne in the room--on the house--.very nice touch,thanks Andrew -concierge.	
Dec 27 2008 	Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed for three nights at the Carlton the weekend before Christmas and truly enjoyed our stay. Our room was beautiful with a king bed and 42 flat screen LCD TV. This hotel has been recently remodeled and you can tell. Our bathroom had a separate shower and tub which as wonderful after a long day of walking in the winter NYC cold. The hotel staff was very helpful and provided us with umbrellas as we exited the hotel during a rainy day of our stay. The concierge also has maps of the city and is very helpful in planning your trip or making a dinner reservation.The location of this hotel is very convenient. If you like to walk, which we do, you can easily walk to the Theater District, Soho, Empire State Building, Little Italy, etc. You can also take a short ($6) cab ride to any of those places. Overall a great hotel!	
Dec 19 2008 	Great Location Comfy Hotel	Really enjoyed staying in this hotel. Found it very clean, comfortable and in a perfect location for sightseeing.Flew into JFK on Delta (great deals on at the moment from Manchester) and got a taxi to The Carlton.If you are from the UK, make sure you take the address with you. I thought it would be enough to have the hotel no and the street no but it wasn't. I said 88 Madison and the Taxi driver took me to 88th street on Madison when the real address was between 28th and 29th street on Madison. Had to give the taxi driver a decent tip for this balls-up!The check in was very quick and we found we had been upgraded for free to an executive suite. Great! The room had two large beds, good air con, a nice bathroom with the Molten Brown toiletries, a large flat screen TV and a safe, large enough for my 13'' laptop that could be locked with a code of your choosing. Room was decorated very cleanly and was a good size.The room was cleaned and changed every day with new towels and linen. And the hotel provided free internet that was pretty quick. USA Today was dropped outside our door every day too.One strange thing was that the light switch turned the power sockets off underneath the desk (and the light on it). Before I knew this I had the switch off and thought the power sockets were bust. No problem, just a little odd.Didn't use the restaurant as it wasn't really that kind of break. We only really stopped to have quick snacks. It looked nice though.The location is one of the best things about this hotel. Its a couple of blocks from 2 different subway lines (6 on 28th &amp; Park Ave, E / W on 28th &amp; Broadway). Buy a 7 day unlimited pass ($25) and use it to get everywhere. We used it between 8AM &amp; 12AM without any problems at all. Very fast, reliable and perfectly safe.The hotel is also right next to the Empire State Building (some rooms have a view of it!) and Herald Sq with Macys etc. Only a couple more blocks then to TImes Sq.Check out was quick and easy and we were able to leave our cases with the bellboy (safely, no items missing unlike the person below) and go out for the day until returning to catch our flight. All in all, this was a great hotel and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to stay in New York although next time we travel to NYC we will probably stay in Soho for a change.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great for friends travelling together	I booked a last minute shopping weekend at the Carlton through Expedia. My friend and I needed a central hotel with two beds - not easy to find without adding a huge premium to the cost of the room. There was a small additional cost at the Carlton, one of the lowest I've found. (The Travel Inn on 42nd is also great for this, but not nearly as fancy).Good: the lobby is gorgeous, the staff are attentive, the room was lovely, and the location is great - walking distance to the shops on 5th avenue, Chelsea, Soho, Tribeca, Macy's, and the Empire State Building.Things that would make it perfect: there's no floor length mirror in the room, only the bathroom mirror - makes it hard for two women to get ready. We had a renovated room, and like a previous reviewer, we noticed little things, like paint not removed from a window. Wasn't a big deal. We only had coffee and dessert at the restaurant. It was a bit expensive. There were no other breakfast places nearby. Small quibbles.Had dinner one night upstairs at nearby Tabla - despite rave reviews, we were very disappointed. We asked two New Yorkers where we should go to dinner and both of them - completely independently - said Otto. We should have listened.	
Dec 9 2008 	Take care of your luggage	We have stayed for 6 nights at the Carlton Hotel during a city trip to NYC. We were basically satisified but experienced some problems:1 We booked a Travelzoo promotion which promised us a newly renovated guestroom. However we were allocated to an old room. Upon request we were able to change rooms2. The room we finally stayed in was very noisy. It was located right above the ventilation system of the hotel. The windows didn't close completely and therefore it was very noisy in our room day and night3. Finally: On the day of departure we stored our luggage in the hotel since our flight left in the evening. We we arrived back home we realized that money and clothes were missing. We have sent several e-mails to the hotel management but no one seemed to care and ever respondend.	
Dec 8 2008 	What a Disappointment	This hotel was a major disappointment.. We paid $479/night for a 10x10 room that did not even have a door on the bathroom - just a rolling glass pane in front of the toilet. The sink was smaller than powder room size The hallways smelled stale and stuffy, masked only by the smell of our neighbor's room service tray that remained outside for an entire day. We looked to escape our miniature room to visit the Chanpagne bar that they advertise as a lounge, only to be told that they were no longer operating that space. When we complained about our room to the front desk they had a &quot;who cares&quot; attitude and said we should have booked directly with them, not thru Expedia since rooms were available and were down to $359 a night (the hotel and their web site had advertised as sold out, they referred us to Expedia) . Now that's customer service. DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE WE DID - there is no value here. This is NOT a luxury &quot;boutique&quot; - it is a small downscale imposter.	
Dec 2 2008 	Awesome romantic weekend!	The Carlton on Madison was a wonderful weekend for my husband and myself. Even though we booked on Hotwire, they gave us a lovely, corner room on the 10th floor (sometimes hotels will give you the worst room when they see you've booked on Hotwire). The front desk staff was as polite as can be, the room was updated, and the entire hotel offered FREE WIRELESS throughout. Room had a very large, wall mounted flat screen television, bathrobes and the nicest little reader spotlights above the bed so that one person can be reading while the other sleeps. I would definitely stay in this hotel again (Hotwire or not). It's a great location for jumping off to wherever you need to go in the city and only one block to the 6 train. Also, if you are ambitious walkers (and eaters) like we are, Chinatown and Little Italy are definitely walkable (only about 3 miles).	
Nov 26 2008 	Enjoyed the Carlton	Great stay at the Carlton Hotel on Madison Avenue. My husband and I are from NYC and we are very particular when we come into the city for a romantic weekend getaway - we were very pleased with our stay at the Carlton.The hotel has a beautiful lobby and has redecorated its guest rooms very nicely. It is average size (for NYC rooms) and the furniture and bathrooms are elegantly appointed. The staff was pleasant (check-in was nice and concierge was friendly and helpful).The location was ok - it depends what you are looking for. We like the Union Square area because of the great restaurants near by, so we were happy. If you are more into touristy attractions, this is a bit off the beaten path, but the 6-line subway is one block away, so you have easy access to everything.One note of special attention - we were not sure if we were going to be able to make the trip at the last minute and Bonnie in the hotel's reservation area was extremely nice and helpful. It worked out in the end, thanks to her assistance. Also, she knew it was a special celebration for us and she sent up wine and munchies upon our arrival - what a nice touch.In summary, we highly recommend this hotel for you next stay in NYC - it is one of the better boutique hotels in the city.	
Nov 17 2008 	Detail not included	We are designers so keep that in mind when you read our review. We look at details many guest may not feel important. I was excited to see a new David Rockwell design. Unfortunately you have to separate the design from the construction quality. The hotel is an odd mix of newly renovated and old stuff left in place. Example the elevators look beat up like from its last life. Our bathroom had new tile in the floor but not the floor of the shower. The tub and sink also from its last life. All the tile was cut so badly. The sink cold water and faucet were not attached to the counter. The shelf in the shower was old and cracked. All could live with but the black mold was really unacceptable the halls have new carpet and paint, but the doors have been patched with a different shade and finish so you can see the patches. We saw paint of door handles that should have been cleaned and taped. Our room had new furniture and carpet. Clean modern chic. Very nice bed and sheets. Huge flat screen. The finish work is really unacceptable. We had painter’s tape all around the room on the floor moldings the furniture doors didn’t close or alien. Properly. When you lay down in bed a really bad patch is the first thing you see over the bed. Paint on the frame of the window. I was very disappointed. I would say it was just a bad facelift. Room service was very expensive. 20% gratuity plus 5 dollar added per person. We saw trash in on of the elevators. The staff was polite but did not make us feel special. We were never welcomed or greeted but staff in the hall. They seemed more interested in each other then hotel guests. Lots of high-five and brother hand shakes between staff members, even with the front desk and bellman. I really wish this place could get it together. I would not return unless they finished the details.	
Nov 7 2008 	Very nice experience at the Carlton	I'm always looking for a reasonable hotel in midtown that costs less than $300 a night, is near the subway, and provides a quiet room. I usually stay at the Hotel QT (now the Grace Hotel), but I found the Carlton on Travelzoo and got a deal at about $250 a night, so I figured I'd give it a try. My experiences were all very positive. I was worried that I'd get a small room (based on some earlier travelers accounts), but I got a very generous one with a nice view to the courtyard out back. This may have been because the hotel was not terribly busy, so I may have lucked out a bit. (I noticed the rooms directly across from the elevators and did not envy the people having to stay there.) The staff were all quite nice, and my room was very quiet. I didn't notice any neighbors at all. One thing that I particularly admired was the fact that the doors to the hall do not slam - reverberating down the hall - but close with a nice simple click. It seems like a small detail, but makes a big difference when you're trying to get to sleep. The bed was very comfy. The only thing I didn't like was getting charged so much for room service. There are actually two separate room service charges, in addition to the built-in gratuity, so I'd avoid that. But all in all, it was a very pleasant stay.	
Oct 30 2008 	Lovely Stay at the Carlton Hotel on Madison Ave	The Carlton Hotel has a good location on Madison Ave. It's very close to the Flatiron Building and only a block away from a subway station so easy to get around with a Dunkin Donuts just downstairs and other amenities nearby. I would say it's about a 10/15 min walk to Macys. Foyer is lovely and looks very swish. There are plenty of elevators, I never had to wait, they are quite small though. The room itself had been newly renovated, the bed was extremely comfortable and TV was big with plenty of channels, although I doubt anyone will be in NY to watch TV!! The shower was big and powerful and the complimentary Molton Brown toiletries were a nice touch and renewed every day. Service was good, our room was cleaned every day and sheets/towels changed if wanted and the staff accommodated our early arrival with an early check in and luggage storage upon departure. Bad points, the room was quite dark, no natural light got in from the window and 1 lamp didnt work. The bathroom door didnt shut properly and the sink was slow to drain. The lack of a safe deposit box in the room was annoying, they are all located downstairs and you have to ask someone and wait to get it opened. Cant comment on the bar and restaurant/room service as we didnt use them. Minibar prices v expensive but what I would expect. We booked through Hotwire and I would recommend this hotel at the price we paid as the bad points didnt bother me and I really enjoyed my stay. I would have complained about them had I not paid Hotwire rate and if I had paid full price but they didnt affect my stay	
Oct 19 2008 	Classy	Just returned from a wonderful trip to the Big Apple. It was my first visit and this hotel was great. The entrance is soothing and relaxing as you enter. The room was clean, the restroom was bright and large and the bed was very comfortable. The staff were very helpful. The restaurant staff were quick and food great. This hotel is within walking distance to many sites. Breakfast is served ready to go at a location two blocks away (30th and Madison) if you want to eat on the run. Would definitely recommend and would stay there again.	
Sep 19 2008 	Great location hotel is ok	My husband and I spent 4 days in NYC in July 2008 for his birthday. I booked the Carlton on Madison Avenue based on the reviews here and the location. The location is excellent - it can't be beat. It's in a safe area, close to the Empire State building and 2 subway lines - it couldn't be more convenient. The hotel itself has an extremely impressive lobby. It's gorgeous when you walk in - really stunning in a very ritzy NYC kind of way. The restaurant is beautiful, but the food is only ok and it's very overpriced ($5 cup of coffee with a mandatory 20% tipping charge?). The rooms are small, but it is NYC. The bed was nice and big as was the bathroom, but there's not a lot of space to move around. It was very quiet at nice which was great. The room could really use some maintenance - the wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling off, there was mold ALL OVER the shower door and floor, the walls are scuffed and dirty and the carpet is in bad shape. It's really a pity because with some more diligent cleaning and maintenance, it would be a very nice hotel. Overall - great location, ok hotel.	
Sep 7 2008 	Top location.	Whilst travelling the US we stayed for four nights at the Carlton. Check - in was quick and friendly and the hotel interior is very modern and airy. We were unfortunately put on the 8th floor where a lot of refurbishments were taking place. After one night of paint smells and 6am banging we were moved to a room on the second floor which, was huge with a great bed and no noise! We hate to complain, but the staff were very helpful and made the room change whilst we were out sightseeing.The consierge are so helpful, they organised us a private car to the airport (which was cheaper than a taxi) and booked us into some great restaurants which were within walking distance - nothing was too much trouble.For a cheaper breakfast, there is a little cafe on madison ave (out of the hotel, turn right) which does delicious pancakes and Times Sq is only 10 mins away - plenty of places to choose from on the way. We will stay again.	
Aug 27 2008 	Its was OK nothing fantastic.	I stayed at the hotel last December and my expectations were pretty high after spending ages on tripadvisor.Unfortunately the first room I was given was really really noisy (even with ear plugs at 11pm!) although double glazed, but the staff were helpful and happily moved me to a quieter room. Overall I think the hotel was OK, but I didn't think it was anything special given the cost. The decoration seemed a little tired and I've stayed in better hotels in the UK for $100 a night.I don't think I'll be going back to the Carlton, it was so-so, but the staff were very nice.	
Aug 27 2008	Carlton on Madison hotel	Just back from NY and I was staying at the Carlton on Madison, good hotel with pleasant helpful staff, the room {401) street view first floor was very good and more than adequate for our needs.The hotel is near the junction of broadway and as there is a open park area at every Broadway junction the Madison Park is a welcome respite from the congested buildings, a quiet coffee watching the locals walk thier dogs and eat out the buckets :-) {only one} was very entertaining.I'd recommend the hotel and the city as I never seen any sign of trouble in the entire city and there was more than enough to keep anybody entertained, what did surprise me was the architecture as I never thought there would be so many historic and interesting buildings, a great trip and I'll definately recommend the hotel and the city.	
Aug 11 2008	Carlton Exceeded Our Expectations	My husband and I stayed at the Carlton on Madison in NYC from August 1 to August 4. We were in NY to celebrate my husband's 40th birthday. At reception were greeted by friends who were there to surprise my husband as part of the celebration. The hotel staff at check-in saw the commotion - balloons and all - and made a quick decision to upgrade our room. We were thrilled. The room was beautiful - a real treat. But that was not all. That evening in our room when we returned from sightseeing there was a very thoughtful note from the Hotel Experience Manager accompanying the most delicious cheesecake I have ever tasted.  We felt so special getting this wonderful treatment ... and yes, I did have cheesecake for breakfast the next morning!! I am certainly sharing my story back in Canada telling everyone they have to stay at the Carlton when they go to New York. I am very grateful for the hotel making my husband's birthday so memorable.	
Jul 29 2008 	Okay but watch your wallet!	I stayed at the Carlton this past weekend. After reading your reviews, I knew to expect a nice lobby and very small rooms - both true. It was just my girlfriend and I, and there was hardly room enough for us to open our suitcases and get our stuff out without bumping into everything. The only upside to the bathroom was that it practically guarantees you have sex - because you have to squeeze past each other, literally, as you go from the door to the shower. The entire bathroom, shower included, couldn't be more than 6' x 3.5' if that. But of course, it's NYC, so I know space is at a premium and I can deal with small spaces. What really irked me was the upcharges on drinks and room service. We grabbed 2 wines and a beer before dinner. I signed the receipt to charge the drinks to my room. I never saw the total, and never got a bill. I was floored to see it was $35 the next day on my room bill! We also ordered breakfast through room service. The food arrived quickly, but given the room is so small, they couldn't roll in the serving tray and the guy had to put breakfast on or bed. I rushed to grab the bill and sign it as my lady friend was just 3 ft away in the bathroom stark naked and I wanted to get this dude out of there. Well, I gave a NYC style tip, and THEN after he left noticed that the bill included a $5 delivery charge, an automatic gratiuity that was very large, and they charged me $7 for a side of TOAST! Basically, eggs and coffee for two cost me $70 - even for NY that's rediculous. Between that and the drinks, the reasonable room rate I got flew out the window. Also, they have parking, but it's as expensive as just about any neighboring lot.	
Jul 27 2008 	Small comfortable clean and incredibly quiet	The Carlton is a wonderfully situated hotel. I booked a room for $209 on hotwire. What I really appreciated about the hotel was the incredibly quiet room, the very comfortable (but incredibly small) bed, and the excellently appointed bathroom with great water pressure. I wouldn't pay rack rates for this place though as I would be extremely upset with the size of the room (even for NY). All-in-all a great hotel. Also, the building's original facade is really along with the grand lobby.	
Jul 27 2008 	great friend getaway	I traveled with my friend for a girls getaway. We thouroghly enjoyed the hotel. Quick check in, room was large (for NYC) and bathroom . We got a corner room on about the 6th floor and end of the hall. Perfect and quieter. The staff was so helpful and we never had a problem. They even mailed back a whole suitcase for us. What we loved the most was the location. This hotel is centrally located. Everything is in walking distance (10 to 20 blocks). Subway right down the street. It was nice because when you walked out of the hotel, you weren't in a mob of people, it was just a normal street in Manhattan. We had breakfast there the first morning, great food but pricey ($100 for oatmeal breakfast and 1 egg,toast and bacon and 4 mimosas). We found that in the AM, we would just walk around the corner to fifth avenue for a Starbucks and stop at a deli for fresh fruit and pastries. So we did that for the rest of the week. If you are not a big, TIMES SQUARE intense, crazy atmosphere, this is the hotel for you. Friendly, great location, and clean, larger rooms.	
Jul 4 2008 	Modern Masterpiece Surprise!	We read a review about this hotel and one of the descriptions was....&quot;located in an emerging neighborhood.&quot; I'm happy we put the open for interpretation red flag aside to stay at this beautiful hotel just 3 blocks from the Empire State Building. We arrived quite late on Friday evening and were welcomed by a kind gentleman smiling from ear to ear. The hotel lobby was remodeled and features a 2-story waterfall with an old time photo of NY behind it. You will also notice a gorgeous Tiffany skylight in the hotel restaurant &quot;Country&quot; which is run by a one of the nations top chefs . We read that this WWII era skylight was uncovered by the Architect during the renovation process. Even the elevators were designed using some of the original components giving it a vintage look. The rooms are small but tastefully decorated. Very comfortable beds and an ipod docking station. We made this reservation late, and were surprised they were able to honor our request for a room with a view of the Empire State Building. Water pressure is low...so don't expect a power shower....but do expect nice robes compliments of the hotel! The hotel is only about 10 stories which makes it look like a townhouse in the middle of the city. The hotel is close to Broadway theaters, Times Square and various other hot spots as well as Penn Station, but a welcome quiet retreat when you decide to turn in for the night. Even housekeeping is very quiet and respectful during your visit. We received a very good discount through TravelZoo. We highly recommend staying at this hotel.	
Jun 29 2008 	4 Star? No Way!	The problem with the newly renovated Carlton Hotel on Madison Avenue and East 28th Street is that it is not what is supposed to be. It was supposed to be a 4 star hotel room, but it was a 2 star hotel room. Has anyone ever heard of a double bed (not a queen) in a single room intended for 2 guests in a 4 star hotel? The room was so tiny that the two of us could not get around the edges of the furniture or the puny sized bed without banging into something. The bathroom door could not open past the toilet. There was not enough room for our luggage or clothes. But to be sure that this is not 4 star -- an old fashioned 25&quot; tube TV instead of the sleaker, brighter, and space saving LCD that you now see in just about any hotel. To be sure, the lobby is beautiful and the restaurant Country looked fabulous. However, the two recommendations from the front desk for a good local salon and a dry cleaner were not up to par, either. Room was kept adequately clean, but they should have removed old ice buckets and used wine glasses. A true 4 star would be different/better. Booked within 24 hours thru hotwire for $249 before taxes.	
May 28 2008 	Perfect spot for a great weekend	Travelled to NYC this past weekend and stayed at the Carlton Hotel after doing some digging on a number of spots. I'm pretty picky about my hotels and tend to stay away from the really big ones. The Carlton proved to be a fantastic pick. The rooms were big, the hotel was clean and well kept, as was the bathroom in the room, and the bed was pretty comfortable. Even the windows opened. The renovation in the lobby was done well; my friends who previously stayed in the London thought the place looked great and enjoyed their stay as well. Staff was really nice and helpful; Jill in particular went out of her way to pass along helpful hints about some of the restaurants where we wanted to eat. One last thing - the Madison Square park was a really easy stoll right down the street. Both mornings, my wife and I enjoyed the early morning sunlight in the park with a cup of coffee from the corner store next to the hotel. Highly recommended!	
May 6 2008 	I heart NYC!	With reading the previous reviews, my boyfriend and i didnt know what to expect. I thought the hotel was lovely. Yes, the rooms are a little small, but it didnt seem to matter. With all the stories about new york the hotel is situated in a safe neighbourhood. Its about a 10min walk to the empire state building and another 5 after that to get to macys. Its the perfect location if you don't want to be in the &quot;thick&quot; of it.Staff were friendly and helpful. A great place to stay!NOTE - there is not safes in the rooms anymore - you have to use a safety deposit box down in reception.	
May 2 2008	Okay	The lobby is lovely, the staff competent. Our room was very small which I expected after reading reviews. You can barely move the desk chair out to sit because the queen size bed takes up most of the room. There was a tear in the carpet and our room safe did not work. We were told we could bring our valuables down to the lobby....no, thanks. The room was very clean and the bedding was luxurious and very comfortable. At check in we asked for a room on a high floor but were told &quot;sorry this is the type of room you booked but it is very nice.&quot; Our view was of some industrial stuff on a neighboring roof. So if you booked through Hotwire don't expect an upgrade. All in all it was fine.	
May 1 2008 	relaxing but perhaps a little snooty	Good location in midtown Manhatten, not too far from 5th Avenue, the Empire State Building, and the theatre district.The room was a good size, clean and had a nice bathroom with a shower and a bathtub. It was dimly lit, however, with just three bedside lamps and no main light fitting. We couldn't get the safe to work and the air-con was the same temperature nomatter what the setting.Upon check in we were given no information about the room or the hotel and throughout the stay felt that the staff thought it an inconvenience to speak to us - having to tear their eyes from the very important box-ticking or whatever business they were conducting on their computer screens at the time which prevented them from acknowledging our presence!We checked our account one night only to realise that we had been charged about $80 worth of honor bar items. The hotel receptionist says this happens all the time (how reassuring)...you are automatically charged to your credit card for any item that is moved from its place so watch out for that.We ate breakfast at the restaurant on the last day and it was really nice.Overall the hotel met my needs and provided a relaxing environment to come back to each night. I wouldn't go back however as I was not made to feel welcome and I felt that it was fairly 'snooty'. I wouldn't say it was worth the $400 a night.	
Apr 27 2008 	Wonderful four nights at the Carlton	My sister and I wanted a midtown hotel convenient to Penn Station for a long theater weekend in New York. I decided I did not want a hotel near Times Square or the theater district so we would see more of the city. I was absolutely delighted with the Carlton and even more delighted with room rate of $209/night obtained through Hotwire.com. The lobby and public spaces in the hotel are modern in decor, but warm and inviting. Upon registering the front desk upgraded my room from a standard (with a full bed) to a king. This was appreciated since we were sharing a bed. The room was lovely and featured pristine white linens and comforter, a tufted headboard, a huge wardrobe holding a wide-screen TV, closet space, bureau drawers, and a honor bar. The bathroom was compact but intelligently designed with plenty of counter space and a wall cabinet to provide extra storage. On the back on the bathroom door were two lovely bathrobes. The shower had plenty of pressure and was one of the best hotel showers I've used. The room was in excellent condition. The bed was super comfortable and the hotel was very quiet. We never saw guests in the hallway--but we did see plenty of housekeeping staff.The front desk staff and the conciege were extremely helpful and friendly. I didn't find anyone to be remote or aloof as other reviewers have reported. Our first night there I asked for a restaurant recommendation and was asked &quot;What type of food to you want to have? Italian? Mexican?&quot; and it was a bit like having a conversation with friends deciding where to eat. I chose Mexican and they made a reservation for me instantly at Dos Caminos, which by the way had the best Mexican food I've ever had outside Austin, where they serve some of the best outside Mexico. We had breakfast the first morning at Country, the restaurant located inside the hotel, and it was excellent. We split a side order of bacon, which was a huge portion, perfectly cooked. We didn't need to eat lunch that day. We had dinner at Country Sunday night and it was excellent. The hotel is a block from the subway at Park Avenue and 28th and is within walking distance of the Empire State Building. Two lovely parks within walking distance heading to lower Manhattan are Madison Square Park (the Flatiron Building is located there) and Gramercy Park (private--you need to be a Gramercy Park resident to get in, but it's lovely just to walk around the park and admire the beautiful buildings--a real taste of old New York). It was lovely to come back each day to a beautiful hotel, a beautiful room, and an attentive and cheerful staff. The place made a very great impression on me and I'd stay there again.	
Apr 24 2008 	I Love the Carlton	I stay at the Carlton twice a year, every year, on business and I LOVE it. It is my home away from home in New York. The rooms are beautiful and the bathroom is large and gorgeous. The staff can be slightly disinterested, but that's New York for you.Location-wise, it probably isn't the BEST place for tourists, although it is close to a subway stop. If I were in the city for pleasure, though, I'd want to be closer to the park. As a business traveller, it's great. Free WiFi! Also, the bar is nice.	
Apr 22 2008 	overwhelming	hotel looks trendy and pulls quite a crowd on the weekends. seemed understaffed and had to give up my suite as they were overbooked. Standard rooms are small but have all the luxuries required. Would stay again but only if on special - not worth the $450 quoted.	
Apr 21 2008 	Disappointed in The Carlton on Madision Ave.-read this before you stay there!	I was very disappointed with my recent stay at the Carlton on Madision in New York.To start, it is NOT as nice as it looks online!! My husband and I arrived to find out that they did not have the original room that we had booked, so we had to take a room with two double beds. It was so small that the door hit the bathroom when we entered. We were able to switch the next night to a queen size bed, not much better. still very small, barely enough room for our two suitcases. The beds were hard and uncomfortable. The towel racks were falling off the wall in both of the rooms that we had. There was barely any lighting. The first room had a broken lamp and and one of the electrical outlets was hanging off of the wall. Several other guests also told us that they had to switch rooms.To top it off, we had almost $30 worth of honor bar charges when we checked out, even though we had never used the honor bar! As we were waiting to speak to the front desk about it, another gentleman came up with the same problem. I do not know how this place gets away with being rated a 4 star hotel!! I have stayed in plenty of 4 stars and this one was by far the worst! I would rate it a 2 star.	
Apr 13 2008 	Excellent Location for Central New York	This was the first time we had been to America and I was not disappointed with the Carlton on Madison Avenue. The hotel was very clean throughout, the staff were very polite, pleasant and very helpful.We arrived late in the evening and the lady on the desk gave us an upgraded room, which was lovley. The bed was so comfortable with lovely linen and a feather duvet. The bedlinen was changed daily. The room was on the fifth floor and was very quiet, we had no disruptions at all.There was a tv in the room which was ideally placed and great to watch in bed! There was also a small ironing board and a fab iron! The bathroom was lovely and the towels were changed daily and was exceptionally clean.A complimentary newspaper was left at our door each morning. The hotel itself is ideal as it is centrally located and everywhere is easy to get to either on foot or by the subway. There are plenty of cafes and deli's near to the hotel.I would certainly go back to the Carlton on Madison Avenue.	
Apr 5 2008	Nice but Underachieves	The Carlton seems to not exactly know who it is. The outward facing staff, whom you speak to at the desk or on the phone, are very attentive and want you to have a good stay. The hotel however is poorly maintained -- both in maintenance and cleanliness.My first room was a great size, but sadly you could not connect to the hotel wireless internet service as it was on a far edge of the hotel. It took me trying their wireless internet adaptor (which worked no better than the native wireless in my Apple) to get them to switch my room. I did not mention the peeling wall paper or sink counter top separating from the wall in the bathroom to them. I figured it was an oddity -- the room was very nice.The second room had internet connectivity, adjacency to an elevator and placement pretty much on a highway of foot traffic. The shower curtain had a fair amount of mold on it, which housekeeping neglected after I asked the housekeeper about it. Bathroom was in a similar state of disrepair as the other room. Just not looked after. The lobby, bar and restaurant are beautiful. I really do like the place and I hope they can work these kinks out. I'd like to stay there regularly.	
Mar 29 2008 	5 Star All the Way Impressive	Very impressed with this cute boutique hotel . From the minute my limo stopped at the entrance of this grand hotel the doorman was there to immediately greet me letting me know his name all the while taking my luggage to the front desk. Such a charm the agents are so professional and polite catering to my ever need . For a minute i swear i was back at home talking to old friends such warmth. Walked in my room was small ( my agent booked me a QN next time got to haveher book a KN) but very cosy from the frette comforter to the ammenities so luxurious. What was utterly amazed about i only hinted to front desk that i was in the mood for something other than the hotel resturant since i had them for dinner the night before.The young gentleman at the desk was gracious to let me know what was around and by the end of the conversation presented me with the menu of every resturant he had mention and which one delivered right to my room, such service wow I was really impressed with the accuracy of the bill was at my door at 3am and knowing me i'm always in a rush . Will visit again in a few weeks **FYI rooms are small make sure you book into a KN if you're as phobic as i am its worth the extra**	
Mar 26 2008	shame about the staff	overall it was a good place to stay but the staff seemed totally disinterested in their guests.	
Mar 22 2008 	Classy Hotel Central location	Good, 4-star hotel. Central location in midtown Manhattan, two blocks from Empire State building, one block from Fifth Avenue.We had a king room. Good size with usual amenities although bathroom small. Hotel has a small business centre for internet access (small charge made) plus an ATM.Would happily go back there.	
Feb 26 2008	Nice but not as nice as it looks.	I booked a trip for my girlfriend and I for Valentines. As I looked for hotels, i was not able to find any in several price ranges. First I looked for under $100, and found nothing, so I looked for hotels under $200, and still no luck. So I decided to look in a price range that I never thought I could afford. I looked at $300 and under and all of a sudden all of the hotels in New York came up. The price on the hotel website for The Carlton on Madison, was listed at something crazy like $450. Anyone that is willing to pay that much for a hotel, and especially this hotel is [--] Crazy. So I was quoted the price of $212 for supposedly a superior room. Well if this was superior, I sure would not want to see the regular room. We checked in and went up to the room and the door hit the bed as we entered. Not ok! So we went back down, and asked to a superior room, they said it was, and gave us one with a slightly different floor plan. This time the door didn't hit the bet as we entered. However, the size was still much smaller than any of the pics on the website. The lobby was beautiful, the location was perfect, and the overall appeal of the hotel was great. The rooms were small, the view was pretty lame, and the pictures were decieving. IF I had paid the price that the hotel website was asking, I would have raised hell. But knowing the price of hotels in NY and that it was Valentines weekend, I was pretty satisfied with the place. NO problems to speak of other than the size. The staff was very friendly, the hotel and the rooms were very clean. The bathroom was large and clean and the location on Madison was very central and in a clean and nice area. Close to Subway stops and in an overall great location. Just blocks away from the Empire State building. So go for it, Get a good deal, and try it out. If you dont expect a huge room, you will get exactly what you want. Hope this has been helpful. Enjoy New York Folks!	
Jan 25 2008	hotel was lovely but not a great location	We stayed here for 3 nights in november and had a good time.The only thing was the location was a little far out for us as we were on a shopping trip.We had a suite and it was lovely 2 double beds and a seperate sitting room 2 tvs and bathroom was big.	
Jan 20 2008 	Perfectly fine hotel	We stay here on business and chose it for its close proximity to my husbands office. We specifically book an inside room (very quiet). The room was about the size of a closet, but for New York it was perfectly fine! I might not recommend it for a vacation because of small room size, and certainly not for a family, but for busines travel it's a fine choice. Attractive lobby and restaurants within walking distance. We were also within walking distance of the Brooks Atkinson Theater on W. 47th where we went to see Grease. The staff was great.	
Jan 14 2008 	nice place and pet friendly	My husband and I were looking to spend Thanksgiving in NYC and see the parade when we found a deal for this hotel online, for 199 a night, and found out that they allowed small dogs which was a bonus for us (meaning we didn't have to board our pooch). As for the hotel, the staff were great. We had a problem with our heat/thermostat, and they sent a serviceman promptly to fix it. They had a whole welcome package for our dog, which we thought was really charming. The hotel overall is nice and well appointed. My only complaints is that that standard rooms are rather small. Even at a bargain rate. Secondly, the location is centrally located but may not be ideal depending on what you want to do in NYC. It worked for us, though we did rely on the subway a lot. The subway stop is a couple of blocks away, and you have to walk down a seedy street (which I might not have felt comfortable with had I been alone). Otherwise, the location was overall centrally located in midtown, putting most locales in easy reach. And we were really close to Macy's, which was great for the Thanksgiving day parade.	
Jan 4 2008 	Christmas in New York forever	I'd like to spend every Christmas in NYC with my boyfriend, and a ton of friends. My family lives everywhere but close, so when the holidays roll around, and folks are rebuilding family ties, I try to squeeze every bit out of the extra days off. So many places shut down, but in NYC things are hopping! And with the TINY slowdown during Xmas, hotels, including the Carlton offer better rates. So we jumped (thanks to TravelZoo) and wanted to be close enough to the theatres, Greenwich Village, SoHo and generally mid/downtown. With renovations the place looked very proper, elegant, heavy, with shadows in the right places. It's more a hotel for biz execs but we were there for fun. We couldn't t believe they let us in the hotel, frankly. Go figure. I LOVE NYC. It is a foodie festival every day. A safari for gourmets. The hotel on this occasion had to take second consideration. But about the hotel. It is in a quieter section, but cabs were easy to get. The look and feel is heavier, older, stately but with clean lines. The rooms are decently sized for NY, with a slight floral style. The bed was NOT comfortable; the shower, absolutely glorious. What really hurt the hotel was its out of control heating. It was so hot that even when we left the window open in December and turned on the air con, it still felt stuffy. WEIRD. Room service is good, and there's a wonderful little diner the next block over. The hotel restaurant, Country, is pricey but their &quot;oeuf au plat&quot; for breakfast/brunch incredibly rich, and perfect for those pushing the envelope on their cholesterol levels.So it was a beautiful, perfectly efficient hotel. Although I have great memories of the weekend, I would be hard put to recommend strongly the hotel to friends for (1) fun factor, (2) value, (3) charm. Also, aside from the little diner one block down and a 24/7 convenience store one block up, no quick quick outstanding eateries were 2 minutes away. Certainly, that's nothing the hotel can control... but those are the things that count for me! I can go on and on about the heating problems and shower... but would you want me to?	
Dec 31 2007 	A wonderful stay!	We stayed at this hotel because of a great deal we got for the room at half off the rack rates for a 2 double beds room. It was worth the money we paid especially during this time of the year.PROS:Walking distance to shopping and the Empire State Building. Beds were so comfortable with Frette linens. Pillows were very fluffy.Fancy toiletries.Very nice and helpful doorman.OK size clean bathroom with robes. OK size room for NYC. It was cozy and clean. IPOD dock clock radio.Loved the lobby.CONS:Our room was literally across the elevators. We opened our room door and there was the elevators with not much room in between (about 2 ft). Front desk person upon arrival was very arrogant but the one when we checked out was nice.No closet.No coffee.Fan in the bathroom was extra loud.	
Dec 29 2007 	Overpriced room small by any std.non-functional HVAC 	I've stayed at quite a few NYC hotels and stayed at the Carlton only because there was a group function there. I had no pre-conceived opinions about the hotel. Indeed, I had no opinion.The staff was quite friendly.The lobby was rather immpressive. So far so good. And then there was the room ..... small even by New York CIty standards. Now the rooms at the W are small, but they're functional. Not so at the Carlton. The lighting was horrible. I discovered that two lamps had no bulbs, and after they were replaced, the lighting improved to &quot;very poor&quot;. It was nearly impossible to read on your bed at night.The telephone wouldn't reach the work desk. The was either no fan in the bathroom or a fan that wouldn't work, so you were in a steam zone after a shower. My wife couldn't get ready in the bathroom after a shower, and there was nowhere outside the bathroom for her to do her hair, makeup etc. I inquired about a larger room and was told ours was a larger room. (I made it clear I was not looking for a free upgrade. I just wanted a larger room)One concierge was quite helpful. The other was nice, but better suited for a Ramada in Omaha than a &quot;happening&quot; hotel in New York.Things really got ugly after bedtime. It was cold outside, and the thermostat essentially had no effect on the heat. When the heat was &quot;on&quot;, it blasted the temp up to 80 plus degrees, and there was no way to moderate the heat. If you turned the heat off, the room was quite cold. The best alternative was to leave a window open and the heat on, and that technique helped provide a tolerable environment.... until the traffic picked up in the morning and the noise woke you up.I asked to speak with a manager and was told one would call. No call was forthcoming.I have never posted a bad hotel review before, but this place was profoundly disappointing and over-priced. If you want to see it done the right way, check out the Bowery Hotel.	
Dec 19 2007 	Fantastic!	We stayed here for four nights - when we booked we upgraded to a delux king room (was definately worth the extra!). Our room was fantastic, very big, massive bed with great cosy duvet, great bathroom, plenty of space for all my toiletries and it also had a dressing gown which i loved! The best bit about our room was the amazing view.... it looked onto the Empire State Building!!! (we put a note on our booking that we would love a room with a view).The hotel had such buzz to it, it was only the week before Christmas and it felt very festive. Lovely big Christmas tree in the lobby, great door men who are more than happy to hail cabs for you all the time!! Also the hotel bar served an amazing glass of 'christmas fizz'!! One afternoon the hotel organised carol singers who sang in the lobby, the hotel also provieded freshly home made hot chocalate and gingerbread men you helped yourself to! Very very festive!! This hotel helped make our first experience of new york just amazing!! Also, I would suggest the Empire State Building at night after your meal as it was so quiet and absolutely stunning! Also The Subway Inn is a very cool, american bar which is near bloomingdales and if you can i would suggest a trip to 'serendipity 3' - it was in the movie 'Serendipity' with John Cusack and Kate Beckinsale and it is amazing, you have to book though!! All in all, an amazing trip of a lifetime, we loved it and the hotel!	
Dec 18 2007 	Will Definitely Return Next Trip to New York	Had a fantastic experience at the Carlton on Madison Avenue this past weekend. My friend and I were there for four nights and both agree that when we return to New York we will stay at the Carlton on Madison Avenue. The hotel is ideally located within walking distance of many sites and shops, while enough off the beaten track to be calm in a city of hustle and bustle. There is a subway stop only a block away as well as many nice, local restaurants and delis. The area is very safe and we had no qualms walking back to the hotel at night. The lobby was beautifully decorated for Christmas and the hotel itself is classic elegance. We had requested a quiet room on an upper floor and when we discovered we were across from the elevator, our request to change was immediately accommodated. The room was very spacious and beautifully appointed, however, the room assigned was on a lower floor and the New York City garbage collectors kept us awake. The next day we requested another change and were happily accommodated again and found ourselves in a large suite with a view of the Empire State Building. We had packed our bags in the morning and they were stored and then shuffled between rooms later in the day while we were out enjoying the city. As others have said, the beds and linens are fantastic and there are complimentary robes for use during the stay. I can’t say enough about the superior staff. From the doormen to the operations staff, and those in between, everyone was a pleasure to encounter. Any request, from the numerous room changes, to adjusting the time on the clock, to fixing the running toilet, to storing our bags on the last day, to asking directions, and simply in general, the staff at the Carlton on Madison Avenue went above and beyond our expectations. We can’t wait to return to New York and to the Carlton on Madison Avenue.	
Dec 10 2007 	Great Rooms and Service	Great experience. I stepped out of the cab- the Doorman was very nice--check in LINDI awsome-restaraunt great- Rooms very nice linens were so nice pillows comfy- Bathrooms very clean-mini refridge. I needed ice and housekeeping very very efficient. -view of the courtyard nice- FYI you rarely see land like that in NY - safe. Deli-convenience store next door, liquer store across the street- great breakfast coffee place a block away. Nice area. Near the Empire State bldg. Concierge got us into Smith and Wollinsky Steak house- AWSOME staff!	
Nov 25 2007 	A comfortable stay.	My in-laws and I stayed in this hotel for one night on the Friday after Thanksgiving. We live an hour or so outside of the city, but we wanted to stay in so that my in laws could have the &quot;big city&quot; experience. We normally stay in Jersey City, so when our normal standby wasn't available, we didn't know where to stay. Needing room for 5 people, we thought that we'd be stuck renting two rooms at a high price (I had a lot of trouble finding hotels with availability with 2 beds and room for someone to sleep on the floor). Luckily, we found a deal through Travelzoo for $239/night plus tax for a Deluxe room with 2 full beds. At 375 square feet, it's probably one of the largest rooms that you'll find in Manhattan! The rate was nearly $300 below their rack rate, so it was a fantastic deal, especially since it was Thanksgiving weekend.The room was very nice. The comforters are fluffy and they use Frette linens on the beds (so cozy!). They had a few arm chairs and a desk, but really, all we needed was a place to sleep and change before heading out for another day of sightseeing. They do have basic cable plus HBO and Gamecube for a fee. There is also a minibar with an electronic sensor, so make sure you don't pick anything up unless you want to buy it! The bedroom was just like the pictures, but our bathroom was a little different. Instead of a marble vanity, it had a single pedestal sink. It had plenty of room for toiletries. The shower had good pressure, and even with five people, we didn't run out of hot water.The hotel does have a nice restaurant that we didn't try, but we did have a seat at the bar. As long as you realize that you're at an expensive restaurant bar, you won't be surprised at the prices. There are several cafes and delis within a few blocks; for a good sandwich and other deli treats, try Cafe 28 down on 28th and 5th. Their prices are very reasonable! It's on the way to the subway stop at 28th and Broadway. It's nice to be within two or three blocks of a few subway stations.As far as problems, there weren't that many. The heat seemed to be a little off, but we just stayed deep under the covers anyways. We were on the second floor (room #228) and had a nice view of the street, but since we were so low, we also had a lot of street noise. When you're staying at an expensive hotel on a deep discount, I couldn't really ask for more. It wasn't any noisier than a lot of city hotels.For the price, it was a fantastic deal! Even using Priceline, we couldn't have gotten something that cheap over Thanksgiving weekend in NYC, and then we wouldn't be assured of having 2 beds.	
Nov 25 2007 	Nice Hotel	I had a gift certificate for a 1 night free stay at the Carlton. I live in Queens, so it's only about a 25 minute drive to the city, but I wanted to do something nice for my wife's birthday. The hotel was very nice. The lobby was very modern, with christmas decorations, modern chairs and couches, and a small waterfall flowing down 2 stories. I did not eat at the restaurant, but it looked nice, althoughI had heard it was really expensive. The room was really nice, with a view overlooking a small park next door. The bed was amazing, with a very comfortable comforter. The tv was still old, but it was no big deal. It had about 40 channels, with free HBO, and of course Pay-Per-View movies that had just come on video or were just coming out of thetheater.The bathroom was great, with nice new tiles, mirrors, and amenities. Also came with a robe, which was nice and comfortable. The room was fairly big for NY, although we saw another room with an open door when we left, and it was much smaller, it even looked kind of cramped.All in all I had a great experience, and would come back againif the price was right (free is always good :0). Any questions, pleasefeel free to email me at yoshapman@hotmail.com. Thanks.	
Nov 18 2007 	Lovely hotel comfy bed!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Carlton for my 21st birthday. We stayed for eight nights and we were very happy with the hotel. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable which was perfect for our romantic week away! The staff were also very helpful and friendly.My only reservation would be that there was no tea or coffee making facilities in the room (very minor I know), but maybe this is just because we are English and love our tea?!	
Nov 13 2007 	Staff is rude	The hotel is nice, but the staff is horrible. They act like you're causing them grief by checking in or asking them to watch your bags because the room isn't ready. The only nice person who worked there was the door man name Stephen. He was so polite and kind and bent over backwards to help us. Otherwise, we would stand at the counter and the desk help would take forever to look up at us and help. No one helped us carry our bags up the steps to the exit and when we tipped the baggage man who got our luggage out of the holding room on our last day, he didn't even look at me or say thank you. The location is so-so. If you want to stay near Broadway, this is not the place. It's a good 15-20 minute walk. It's only about 10 minutes from the Empire State Building, but nothing else worth wild. The rooms are small (about 1/2 the size of a regular room) and the restaurant is a joke. They want between $15-20 for a glass of wine. It cost $12 for a twice baked potato. My mother and I walked out and found a great local restaurant and ate there for 1/2 the price. Overall, I would stay somewhere else next time I went to NYC. It wasn't horrible, but not worth the price.	
Nov 7 2007	Great Hotel and Location!	I stayed here for one night right before the 4th of July 2006 with my boyfriend. I had never been to NYC before, and this location is superb in my opinion! About a block off the beaten path, but super close to the Subway. We took the train in from Long Island, so I don't know about trying to park your car. I had a special deal for $199 that made this VERY affordable for NYC (I don't know if I can post where the deal came from). The room was tucked away at the end of the corridor and was huge. The view was of another building (we didn't care... we weren't hanging out in the hotel with the whole city to go explore) and we were ecstatic to find a guy selling the most amazing curry from a cart right outside the hotel when we were starving at 1am. Paying for the internet was kind of a pain (I was in grad school and had to make sure my assignment was turned in). We did not eat at the restaurant in the hotel, but would like to. It was very pretty on the inside and our room was clean, the bathroom was nice, and we were very pleased. The hotel has a very classic/old ambiance (narrow hallways) that I thought was charming. I got another deal ($199) and booked again over Christmas 2007 for one night so we can do Rockefeller Plaza and all of that. I wouldn't pay more than $199, though. As long as I can book at that rate, I will stay at this hotel every time I come back!	
Nov 5 2007 	Nice hotel	Stayed here for a weekend with family, we had 3 rooms in total. The lobby is very modern and cool, but not a place to hang out if that's your scene. The restaurant, Country, is excellent and deserves high praise. The building is old european style, which I happen to like so I was happy with it. Again, our room was far at the end of the hall, and as typical of NYC, unless you get the most expensive room your view will probably be of heating/air conditioning ducts and brick walls, which pretty much described it. But that doesn't bother me, its the same every place I've stayed in NYC. The rooms are typical NYC size, which is to say, &quot;not large,&quot; but very comfortable with nice furnishings and the usual amenities. The bathroom was a bit on the smaller side, but bigger than most. The hotel was busy, but still quite quiet. The family members in their rooms had positive opinions. If you like a below-midtown location (we usually stay midtown), this is a great option and I would recommend it. We will definitely consider staying there on our next visit.	
Oct 14 2007 	Okay - but nothing to rave about	Stayed at The Carlton for 5 nights in September - we were in NY for my Mothers 70th birthday - there were 6 adults in our party.We found that the staff varied - the bell captain was always helpful to us, especially as we needed 2 cabs simultaneously to accommodate us all and throughout the cab drivers strike. The Concierge - wasnt worth remembering, in fact one day I stood in front of him for about 2-3 minutes whilst he read the paper and ignored me until I coughed! However, he did book up Elizabeth Ardens for my Mother but that seemed to be a palava. The reception staff didnt seem that interested in you as the customer. In all, I wouldnt class the hotel as 4 star - a good 3 star would be more accurate - although the bar bill rivalled a 5 star hotel! Rooms are tiny. My brother moved as his initial room was full of malfunctioning items - our room was minute - you had to shut the bathroom door to get passed the toilet to get to the shower! My Mother compained (without our knoweldge) and we were offered a move but after unpacking etc - we decided to live with the bathroom situation. The room was just big enough for a queen size bed, 2 bedside cabinets and a dresser that the TV lived in - thank god for the built in wardrobe! Our view was a brick wall. The hotel is in a good position - easy walking to shops etc. We have stayed all over the world and in NY 3 times and the best way that I would describe The Carlton on Madison Avenue is acceptable - but forgettable.	
Oct 11 2007 	Madison Avenue Merit	My husband and I do quite a bit of traveling, so we've experienced the good, the bad and everything in between regarding lodging. New York City is a frequented destination of ours...business and pleasure. This trip was a bit of both. We arrived to the hotel earlier than we'd anticipated (1:pm) but we were greeted pleasantly and handed keys to a room on the 2nd floor with no wait. The exterior of the hotel looked well cared for and the lobby was both clean and beautifully decorated. When we got to our room we were thrilled to find out we had a living room and bedroom....again...stylishly decorated. Although we loved our room and our overall experience was great (and for sure I'd go back there again and again) there were a few things that irked me. The first thing we noticed upon entering the room was that the mini bar had NOT been attended to and there were things missing and a bottle of water half-way gone. I immediately called down to the front desk to alert them of this (because we didn't want the charges on us) and was told that someone would be up to take care of it. It wasn't taken care of until the next day. The 2nd thing that irked me was the bathroom....it was nice...but there was only a tiny, tiny sink with no counter top space available at all. I had to keep all toiletries in the chest of drawers in the living room. The last thing...and it's hardly worth mentioning...but...the bedroom was a really nice size...I don't really understand why they only had a queen size in it. It totally could have held either 2 full beds or 1 king size bed and not have felt overstuffed in the room. But that's not a complaint really.ALL the staff we encountered (chamber maids, room service, valet and front desk) were all very friendly and courteous. The location is FABULOUS!!! We will return to this hotel for sure!!!	
Oct 3 2007 	A nice stay but we weren't bowled over!	My husband and I stayed here on the first four nights of our honeymoon. On arrival we were given an upgrade as we were on our honeymoon. We stayed in a room on the 9th floor with two double beds making it a good sized room. I would describe the room as nice but a little dark due to 'mood lighting'! Room service food was great and selection in the mini bar was even better and reasonably priced.The hotel was located about a five minute walk from the Empire State Building and walking back late at night was not a problem. The bell desk were very helpful and managed to get us a taxi during a major taxi strike! We used the hotel car to take us to the airport and this was not overpriced.All in all, we had an enjoyable stay. However, the hotel gives the impression of being quite luxurious and high class, but I felt this was not the case and it is quite overrated. This is perhaps slightly harsh though as we were seeking ultimate luxury for our honeymoon and had this been a normal holiday, we would have been perfectly happy. Would definitely stay again due to location.	
Sep 19 2007	Most expensieve wine cooler	Rooms are VERY small. I work for a high tech company and did not even have space in my room to work. Pictures on website are misleading if you get the standard double room. I also went to the hotel bar to get a wine cooler (white wine and sprite) to take up to my room and was blown away by the cost, $18.00. When I questioned the hotel and bar tender I was told I was paying 4 star prices. I have stayed at many 4 start hotels and I thought this price was much higher than what I have paid at other hotels. I have stated at the NY Marriott Marquis Time Square &amp; New York HIlton and rooms are large and drinks are much more reasonable.	
Sep 18 2007 	Loved the Carlton!!!!!!	Myself and my two girlfriends stayed at the Carlton for four nights in August and I can safely say it was a brilliant hotel. We had not one complaint for our stay and the staff were so pleasant and helpful, especially the concerige, Kenzo. It is an amazing hotel right in the middle of things, yet the streets are quiet and safe. Our room was a good size and spotless on arrival. Each day the room was cleaned and fresh towels left out. The beds were so comfy!!! If we need anything at all, somebody would drop it ot the room straight away. We loved everything about the Carlon and would highly recommend it. It definately made our stay in New York a very enjoyable one and we would go back + stay again, whenever we go back to New York!	
Sep 8 2007 	Thumbs down for the Carlton	Conclusion: if you like four star service and rooms in what is supposed to be a four star hotel – STAY ELSEWHERE, we will!Location: Husband and I stayed here for five nights in August. Location – a walk takes you to most places up/mid-town.Rooms: our stay was staggered three nights, two nights in SF and two nights back at Carlton. The first three nights we were in what we thought was a standard four-star hotel room with bathroom with standard four-star room furniture and we were pleased that we got what we paid for.When we came back for the last two nights, we were given a room that was a joke for $300 a night! The room door opens to bang into the bed, to the right of the entrance is the closet which is less than a foot away from the edge of the right end of the bed making walking into the room a manoeuvre – let alone getting suitcases into the room. One bedside table only, no desk only a lamp table (basket of mini-bar food was on the window sill as the table was too small). Now the bathroom – you cant sit on the toilet without having one leg set against the wall and when you shut the bathroom door your knees against the door. A half sink and no counter a small mirror over it and a shaving mirror on the side wall – which meant if you try to wash your face without splashing water you will knock your head on the shaving mirror. There was a small bathroom cabinet over the toilet where all toiletries needed to go, including face towels! Hand towels and bath towels were hung over the toilette! No bath – shower only.I am not kidding – room 439 make it a NYC sightseeing stop.Staff/Service: We arrived at the hotel late the first night and were quickly checked in by a man at the reception with not so much as a welcoming smile, although not unpleasant. No help was offered with bags so we had to carry them down the stairs to the reception and then all the way to the room. When we called regarding the joke of a room another man at the reception was not helpful at all. Room service – kitchen don’t seem to know what they’re doing - ‘fried eggs’ arrive two different ways on two days. It is overpriced and not worth the cost – eat elsewhere there are a few restaurants nearby. When we were leaving at the end the Bellboy brings four suitcases in his hand instead of the trolley and leaves the largest at the foot of the stairs and my husband had to carry it up the stairs to the front exit, same with the doorman who picks up the lighter bags when loading the cab. When we asked for a cab early evening on a Saturday to get to the airport the doorman says ‘you may have to wait a while for cabs at this hour hope you have time’ while there was a cab letting people off and another coming down the road – they were trying to (yet again) get us to use the hotel car. Most disgusting was that on the last day one of the face towels was unclean – it had large brown spots on it. Only plus here, are the three women who are sometimes at the reception, pleasant, friendly and helpful.	
Sep 6 2007 	Great value great location	After spending 7 nights in quality hotels in Cape Cod and Boston before my stay in NYC for 5 nights, I had some fears of what the Carlton would be like, given NYC reputation for hotels under $200. The Carlton presents very well in the foyer and public areas with the guest rooms being not far behind. By NYC standards, the rooms are a reasonable size, have good sized bathroom with quality marble topped vanities, shower/bath and good lighting. Our bedroom, whilst having extensive, panoramic views of air conditioning ducts, was of reasonable size, with desk, amoire and a couple of chairs. Our rate did not include breakfast, but given the large number of cheap deli's and breakfast restaurants closeby, is probably best to get breakfast elsewhere.The hotel is in a good location being only about 5 blocks from Empire State building and only a short walk or cab fare to shopping and places of interest. Staff including porters, concierge and bellboys give great service, as do maid staff.Well worth a stay and represents good value in NYC	
Sep 6 2007 	New Year Eve : A Dream in New York !	We stayed in the Carlton during the period of New Year Eve.This Hotel is really nice, well situated and exceptional.The room was really nice with a beautiful view on the Empire State Building ! The wifi internet connection is free in this hotel and directly available from the room. The service is very good and the concierge very usefull. It's a perfect stay for couples.	
Sep 5 2007	Great location/ excellent service	Had previously stayed at the Carlton during it's transitional period from Welfare hotel to it's current revamp. At that time, some floors were renovated and others still had their long time occupants. There are still vestiges of the former hotel, but one has to look hard to find them.The overall first impression is that the overhaulers did a fabulous job. The lobby is sexy. The check in was smooth and professional. The room was smallish, but really, how much time would one spend in the hotel when NYC is right out the door?The complaints are small - there was no counter space in the bathroom, so no room to lay out toiletries. There was no bath gel included in the complimentary bath items. The maid threw out our Sunday NY Times, but the hotel managed to provide another copy.We got a good deal on the summer special (&lt;$1000 for 4 nights). If I were paying $400/night, I'd say not worth it, but if you can get a good price, it's an excellent place to stay.The location is great - walking distance to Union Square, the Village and 34th Street.	
Sep 4 2007 	Comfy and friendly	I generally stay on upper west side but went with Carlton b/c of a v. good Travelzoo special ($189 for a queen). Stayed in room 1009. Staff: All were helpful and professional--from door man to concierge to front desk to room service. It's rare for an entire staff to be so helpful. Room: The room was clean and the bed comfortable. Nice bedding. There's not much natural light. Bathroom fairly large for NYC--shower only, no tub. Bathrobes. Room did show some signs of wear and could use attention. Peeling wall paper in bathroom, dust on ceiling and some broken window hardware. All of these things were minor but since I'm picky it's what keeps me from giving the hotel five stars. Location: Murray Hill is not my fave neighborhood but it's easy to get everywhere--you can catch the R train at B'way and 28th. Super close to Empire State Building. A more vigorous walk to shops on Park, Fifth and Madison. The area is very quiet at night.Noise: I did not hear any neighbors--did hear hallway noise but not much. The street noise on tenth floor is not much of a problem.Food: Had room service for breakfast twice. The food was OK--delivered exactly at the time I requested. If you get a good deal on this hotel I'd recommend it for a NY getaway. P.S. The private car service to airports is overpriced, as you would expect. If you can get a taxi and the traffic is not horrendous, you'll save money w/taxi.	
Sep 1 2007 	Great Location! Friendly Staff! Very comfy beds!	We booked with the Hotel for our 10th wedding anniversary, my birthday and Graduation! The staff were really helpful and on arrival a bottle of red wine with a 'Congratulations' card were waiting in our beautiful room, which had a fabulous view of the Empire State Building. The girls on reception also sent up a bottle of champagne!The hotel is in a great location with subway links close by to uptown and downtown and many major attractions are within walking distance. I would recommend the Grayline hop on/hop off tours (down town/uptown/nightime tours $49) - they make it very easy to get around and see most of the sights that you wouldn't get chance to see otherwise - the nightime tour is amazing!All the staff at the hotel were very helpful especially the Concierge who booked Wolfgangs restaurant for us! Fabulous steak!!!	
Aug 31 2007	Arrogant staff tired rooms	I preface this review by saying that I well over 150 nights annually in hotels around the world and am a gold client at every major luxury hotel chain. I spend 30 nights a year in New York. This visit, I decided to spend a night at the Carlton to see if it would be my new New York base, as it is close to my workplace. Pros: Decent location, not overstated exterior, friendly conciergeCons: I hate hotels where the staff thinks they're cooler than you, and let you know it. This was that place. General observation: The staff wear earbuds and radios to make it seem like they are coordinating your visit like commandos- but at the same time seem distracted and not particularly interested in being helpful when you ask for something. The room: Tiny. And I paid for a larger, King room. The furniture was so packed in, everything touched: the easychair touched the desk, which touched the bed. The roomservice tray was too big for the desk, so the only place to eat was on the bed. The headboard was fabric (which I hate and think is dirty) and one piece had fallen off leaving a sharp metal bracket screwed into the wall. The rest of the headboard was stained. The bathroom was - again- tiny. There was a fabric curtain in the shower window which was- predictably- moldy. I was there for a night, and in a rush to checkout. On my departure I mentioned the various things needing repair. The front clerk processed my checkout, said &quot;great&quot; and turned to chat with his colleague without writing any kind of repair request or apology. Guess that nothing is going to be fixed in the room anytime soon. Good value for $409USD? You decide.	
Aug 29 2007 	Beautiful Hotel - would highly recommend	Very nice hotel, smallish room but very cozy and very nicely decorated. Convenient location, not right in times square but a $6.00 taxi ride will get you there. We live in NJ and wanted to stay overnight instead of drive home. Was very happy with this choice.	
Aug 20 2007	Awsome Time	Great time the all the cleaning ladies are ready,able and willing, to do anything and i mean anything!!!	
Aug 3 2007 	Excellent hotel!!	Stayed for five nights in March 07. We booked a standard room via Last Minute. When we arrived we were greeted by very friendly staff and we were lucky to be upgraded to a deluxe corner room. The room was very spacious, the bed was so comfortable and the bedding felt very luxurious. The ipod alarm clock was great - we don't travel anywhere without our ipod and not having to take portable speakers with us was a huge bonus. The bathroom was very nice although a little small, not really big enough to fit two people in! We found the whole hotel to be very clean. The hotel is in a beautiful building and all lobby areas were very art deco. We had great views from our window onto Madison Avenue. We found the hotel to be ideally located, only 5 minute walk to the Empire State building and 10 minuets to the Rockefeller Centre. Madison Avenue is only two blocks away from 5th Avenue and we found it very quick and easy to walk to the above locations. There are tube stations very close to the hotel. Overall we found everywhere in Manhattan very accessible. We loved eating out in Soho and found a really nice pizza restaurant called Lombardi’s - apparently the first ever pizza restaurant in New York. The pizzas in this place are just huge and so delicious; I would really recommend you pay a visit. Overall we found the hotel to be first class for service and comfort. We had forgotten our toothpaste so called reception and within 5 minutes a member of staff brought us some complimentary. I've marked this hotel as Excellent as even our one tiny bad experience was dealt with very quickly - there is a basket of goodies in the hotel room stuffed with chocolate, wine etc however it has a sensor and if you pick up an item for a short period of time you are charged for it even if you do not eat or drink, this happened to us with the bottle of wine, however reception were very quick to refund this money. I would most defiantly recommend this hotel and I would love to stay here again one day when I return to New York.	
Jul 24 2007 	Bring a flashlight...	A nice hotel but I have a few issues/problems that prevent me from recommending the place---1. the darkest hotel room I've ever stayed in. We had a two room suite, and the total amount of illumination in each room was one desk lamp with about a 60 watt (or CFL equivalent) bulb. The only possible place to read in the main room was by the desk, the only thing you could do on the sofa or other chair was watch the TV or sit in the near-darkness that enveloped most of the room. Same deal with the bedroom--- one small desk lamp on one side of the bed. You needed to turn on the bedroom light and leave that door open to provide a little extra illumination. Most hotel rooms have 4, 5 or 6 possible sources of illumination--- I've never seen a hotel before, much less a fairly expensive and supposedly &quot;classy&quot; place, with so little lighting-- no overhead lights in either room.2. a short term annoyance that seemed rather inconsiderate for the guests who stayed our weekend--- the hotel staged a wedding in the main lobby and as a result the lobby was unusable for all of Friday night and Saturday day (as they set it up) and was inaccessible Saturday night and early Sunday morning as they held the wedding--- guests had to use a makeshift entrance but there was no lobby to meet guests, sit, relax etc.	
Jul 18 2007 	Great hotel awkward location	My son and I visited New York City for four days/three nights in mid July. We booked our trip via last minutes deals on Travelocity. The Carlton is a beautiful, small hotel. Our room was large and our bathroom was fabulous. Everything looked just as it did in the pictures. I hadn't been to New York since I was child, so this was essentially a first time trip for me. The location was centrally located, however there just wasn't much close by the hotel itself. I think next time we would book a hotel a little farther north. Highlights of our trip: The Lion King on Broadway (worth the full price tickets!), Sunday brunch at Tavern on the Green in Central Park, bicycle taxi tour ride around Central Park, visiting Ground Zero and the church across the street where relief efforts centered, shopping on Canal Street in Chinatown, lunch at Il Cortile in LIttle Italy and several stunning Episcopal churchs whose names I can't remember (most magnificent is on Fifth Avenue), free Friday night Metropolitan Museum of Art.	
Jul 13 2007 	Fantastic hotel and manager!	This stay at the Carlton in July was my second stay at this hotel in a little less than a year. I had stayed there last August with my boyfriend and we had encountered several problems like noise from a night club and less than courteous attitude from some of the front desk staff. I had written to the front office manager to share my experience at the hotel, but I also said that the rooms were super clean and the beds comfortable. I thought that we did not get the best service that the hotel could provide. The manager offered us a complimentary night and that showed class on his part.Since there was a nice special on travelzoo (169$), I decided to see if they would really still offer the complimentary night and they did! The manager has since left but the new one, Matthew Slippoy, honored my complimentary night and even upgraded me to an executive king room instead of the queen. I have to say that not all hotels would show that kind of service. Mr Slippoy did not have to honor this complimentary night not given out by him, but he showed that this hotel can give impeccable service, even if you are not paying up to 800$ a night for some of the rooms in that hotel. That shows that they care for the clients who pay less as well as the clients who pay a lot more than 169$ a night!My stay was perfect all the way through. I stayed five nights and have nothing to complain about. The staff was courteous, the bed was still super comfortable and the rooms are still impeccably clean! If you have a vacation budget to respect as I do but you still like to stay in nice hotels, go on travelzoo and jump on the occasion if you see a special for the Carlton. They have them once in a while and they really are worth it!	
Jul 3 2007 	Good Choice	Just returned from a weekend at the Carlton on Madison and was completely satisfied. We normally like to stay down in Soho but couldn't find a room so we chose this hotel because it was only a mile north of soho and the pictures and reviews were good.We were pleasantly satisfied. We had a Superior which is a queen bed. The room was definately tight (the norm for NY) BUT it was done well. Everything was in great shape - new and renovated - nothing was rundown. Bed was very comfortable. After spending all day walking it was a real pleasure to come back to the room and shower and relax. the room is definately comfortable. Real blowdryer, bathrobes and good quality toilettries were nice touches.Hotel itself is also nice - nice lounge and although we didn't eat in the restaurant it looked very nice, was always full (so it must be popular).Location was great - approximate $10 cab ride in either direction (south to soho or north to central park area)I would definately return to this hotel and would recommend it to others, BUT next time I think i would pay up a bit for a larger/king bed room.	
Jul 1 2007 	Overall great experience.	I stayed here for two nights at the end of June 2007. Booked a room via their website on the same day as arrival. Got a great rate and then ended up getting a better room than what I booked for the same price! I had a Deluxe King room. It was wonderful. The bed was very comfortable. It had a huge nice bathroom with seperate tub &amp; shower. Very large countertop. Nice bay window. Very large room. Nice desk. Free Wi-Fi, which is always a plus. Pretty good location and I think a decent deal compared to other hotels around. I also was looking at the W at Union Square, but it was a $100 more a night. I'm glad I chose the Carlton instead. Would definitely recommend to a friend!	
Jun 28 2007	Nice but A Little Odd	At first glance this appears to be a luxurious upscale hotel and I enjoyed my stay in Room 618. But there were some odd things that detracted from the experience:1) the armoire is facing a wall and is at a 90 degree angle to the bed, so if you want to watch TV while in bed you have to pull the TV all the way forward out of the cabinet and turn it as far as it will go at an angle. Not impossible but I can't help but wonder why they arranged the furniture this way to begin with.2) The lighting in the bathroom isn't adequate so you have to turn on the heat lamp in order to get decent lighting.3) Wallpaper was pealing off the bathroom wall, and there was a large scratch mark in the paint on the inside of the door to the room. Can't someone touch these things up? 4) The wake up call arrived 5 minutes early. Not a big deal but how hard is it to call at the correct time? It is obvious that a lot of money has been poured into this hotel in an attempt to create an upscale property, so its surprising and unfortunate that the management doesn't seem to be paying attention to details such as these.	
Jun 17 2007 	Not a bad place	I booked two nights here on a business trip since it was at the time I booked the cheapest 4* hotel with available rooms in the Lower Manhattan area. Hotel lobby is very nice, Art Deco style with restaurant/bar on balcony overhead. staff generally pretty friendly and helpful, and check-in was pretty quick.Rooms, as is sadly typicaly of lower Manhattan, were pretty small but there were plenty of hangers in the (large-ish) closet, and everything worked. Bed was pretty comfortable, no noise issues or anything like that (and I was only on 3rd floor so road noise could've been an issue).Location is OK - at 29th St so a few blocks to the 6 line if you want to take subway, or easy to get cabs to both mid-town and down-town. Area didn't seem at all hostile at night.Didn't try the food.	
Jun 7 2007	Nice common spaces subpar rooms	I booked my mother and grandmother here when they came for a visit. (small NY apts = hosting out of town guests in hotels) I had them a few blocks away at the Hotel Giraffe for most of the trip, but had to move them to here for the final few nights because the other place didn't have a room available the entire time.The location of the hotel is pretty good - not in the middle of tourism chaos, but easily accessible to it, and close to the 6 and N/R subway lines. There are a few good restaurants in the neighborhood. The in-house restaurant (Country) is good for dinners and the bar has some fantastic house cocktails. However, when I took my family to brunch at the restaurant, we were thoroughly underwhelmed.The lobby and the restaurants are very impressively decorated, and I had high hopes for the rooms. Unfortunately, the room was quite disappointing. It was nicely furnished, but small and dim, even by NY standards, with a small window and very little natural light. The way the room was laid out, the bathroom was by the end of the room closest to the windows - the bathroom had a very small window with some natural light, but this layout meant that one of the beds was only three feet away from the door between the room and the hallway. In addition, the room was so small that it did not even have a closet or place to store suitcases - it had only an armoire with a bit of hanging space (not long enough to accommodate a dress or overcoat). After two nights, my family started to feel very claustrophobic in the room.The service was decent - efficient and businesslike. I dealt with the front desk for check-in and check-out and thought it was fine. My mother and grandmother (who are from a small town) thought the people they dealt with were a bit cold and impersonal.Bottom line - if you're not planning to spend much time in your room, and if you plan to meet people in the lobby or the restaurants, this hotel should suit you. If you plan to spend much time in your room, stay away. I don't plan to book out-of-town guests here again.	
Jun 7 2007	wow wow wow!!!	This was the first time I had ever been to NYC, and my boyfriend and I decided to do it in style. We travelled out on Boxing Day 2006 and flew back on New Year's Day 2007.This hotel was just as I had imagined and wished...it was magical! Agreed it was Christmas and the huge trees were out in the lobby etc, but the hotel itself has something about it. It was decadent, the staff were fantastic, and I felt like I was in a movie. We didn't spend that much time there of course as we were out most of the time, but one day after walking for miles we decided to stay in and watch a film. It was fab as we just lounged around in our HUGE room (tip: try to get the corner rooms as they look up and down the avenues and are much bigger than the others). The bed was huge, the linen beautiful, and the bathroom was also beautifully decorated.The location was fab as it was round the corner from the flat-iron building and the Empire State. There was an amazing steak restaurant recommeded to us by the consierge, it was called Houstons. You must go there if you like good service, great food and classy atmospheres.I would definately stay here when I go back to NYC...it felt like home from home (with a bit of MTV Cribs thrown in!) A must when you are staying in New York.	
Jun 2 2007	Wanna be part of it! NY NY.	Experienced New York's wettest day since 1882! And it was unusually cold for April said the locals. However, it was everything i thought it would be. Loved it. The hotel was a rather good choice I thought, expect for the damn blocking loo! At least they docked a hundred dollars for the inconvenience (literally!! - hehehe). Don't book room number 60! That apart it was very comfortable and quiet considering where it is. I think the reception staff could do with a little more zest towards their customers but it was fine and would stay there again as it is so convenient. BIG TIP - go to the Empire State Building between 8am and 8.45am to avoid the queues. Try the local greasy spoon diner to the right of the Hotel on Madison (Coffee something or other it was called). And for a Pizza Extravaganza the famous Lombardis on Spring Street will take some beating.Enjoy anyway, it's a totally fab city with a surprise around every corner.	
May 28 2007 	Fantastic all round!	Booked via Expedia and got a great rate for a hotel in such a perfect location - walking disance to great shopping and subway and round the corner from 5th Av and the Empire State Building. The public areas and lovely, obviously recenltly refubished, we had breakfast in Country, the hotel restaurant and fab cocktails in the evening - a trendy bar with a nice crowd. Room was small but perfectly formed and again, recently refurbished with a great bathroom and a nice &quot;5 star&quot; feel to the fabrics and linenAll in all, I'd recommend the Carlton to anyone who's looking for great value, perfect location and a great hotel with good service from friendly staff	
May 10 2007 	Stay somewhere..anywhere else!	I was at an overnight convention...so, hotels were booked everywhere. This looked the nicest out of all of them...My god..I have never in 25 years of going to NYC ever stayed in a smaller hotel room. The sheets were nice..the room just was not worth $500.00 plus a night.I should of stayed at The Pierre, Soffietel, The Lowell...This just is not worth the money and the very rude people in the bar were just awful.Listen to trip advisor members...stay someplace else. You will be happier.I have broom closets bigger than this place!	
May 1 2007 	Had a fantastic time!	We just got back yesterday from a 4 nite stay at the Carlton, loved it! great room, super nice staff, the bellmen were great, friendly bartenders, great food, excellent location, we walked to chinatown, little italy, out until 2 and 3 am and felt very very safe.We will definitely stay there again on another trip!	
Apr 29 2007 	Good Weekend at the Carlton	I was staying with a friend who was there for a conference so I don't know the price for the room.We arrived very very early on Friday 04/27. We wanted to just drop our bags and try to hit the Today show. They actually had a room available for us. It wasn't two double beds, but it was something we could drop our bags in and go, then swap when we returned.That &quot;king&quot; room was very very tiny. The bed itself couldn't have been a king or a queen. More like a double. It was room #1040.After we came back we got the proper room - #425. Nice corner room about x3 times bigger. Windows on two sides &amp; window in the bathroom.I liked that we were close to a subway stop, liquor store, Dunkin, and plenty of food choices. We arrived &amp; left from Grand Central - this is just two stops south on the #6.The beds were comfy - my friend likes the room cold - and it would get very cold at the lowest setting. It was raining one day and we were offered use of umbrellas.Leaving on Sunday at 11 a.m. took some time. There are three elevator banks and they each hold maybe 4 people with bags. We ended up taking the stairs down after 15 minutes as every car was full.	
Apr 24 2007 	Comfort at a good price	A friend from texas and I stayed here in March 007. having previously stayed at the Essex house (a 5* on central park) I thought this was great. The room was bigger and more luxurious than the essex. We had a double deluxe. the rate online was good. 4 nights was just under $1100.one of the concierge staff was very helpful, another not quite as good. The door guys were very friendly. This hotel is really habdy for empire state macys etc. Its is also less than a block away from the subway and the 4 runs up and down the legth of lexington with is great for hopping on for Museum mile. Also really convenient for geting to grand central if you do not fancy the 20 minute walk.I think you'd be had pushed to find comfort at such value.I would definately re book	
Apr 23 2007 	What A great holiday	First time visit to the big apple. stayed at the Carlton on Madison from 2 - 7 April 2007. Adam at the front desk greeted us with great big smile (after a bad 8 hour flight and a bad flu - things were starting to look up). Doormen, consierge, complementry wireless internet all were amazing. Didn't get to try the Champagne bar, I hope I will next time. we stayed in a DLX room with king size bed at 359 $ per night (# 818). Very close to everything especially the big Macy's 34th $ B-way (my wife was over the moon), Empire state building. Bed was very comfortable slept like a baby, sheets were clean and crisp.Highly recocomend this wonderful hotel.	
Apr 11 2007 	Expensive disappointment	My boyfriend and I wanted to spend the weekend in NYC at a nice place. The W in Union Square was already booked, and the Carlton looked nice. The hotel itself is beautiful when you walk in. Candles line the stairs down to the expansive lobby and the space is designed to look and feel very chic.The hotel staff seemed fine, but not overwhelmingly enthusiastic. Our hotel room was a decent size and beautifully furnished. The bed was very very very comfortable. The one main problem arose during the night. The room became extremely hot (we figured that something was broken because even turning the thermastat down all the way produced no results.). We tried opening the window, but it then became noisy and the air was much too chilly for comfort. We called down to the desk and they said that if we turned the thermastat down then it would probably fix the problem. At this point, it was 4am and we were both too tired to deal with this problem, so we did our best to sleep through the rest of the night.I expressed how uncomfortable our stay was that night upon checking out the next day only to be greeted with an &quot;I'm sorry to hear that&quot; and a $400 bill.I wrote a letter to the manager expressing our dissatisfaction at the room's heat problem and how unresponsive the staff was. I sent it TWO times, once by mail and the second time by email and NEVER EVER received any response. I would have just let the whole thing go had the hotel not been so expensive. I expect a good deal from a hotel when the bill comes to $400 for one night. To send the letter two times, and not even get so much as an &quot;I'm sorry that we disappointed you&quot; response was completely unacceptable.I would never ever reccommend staying here, not because it isn't nice, but because if you have a problem, they just don't care.	
Mar 28 2007 	Perfect!	As a frequest visitor of NYC, I enjoy trying new hotels. I must say The Carlton on Madison is in the running for the top spot! Everything was fabulous! Beautiful decor - friendly staff - wonderful ambience~ perfect location - everything was just lovely!	
Mar 20 2007 	Very nice hotel although very small room.	We stayed for four nights in January. The location is very good and the rooms were very clean and comfortable. The only down side is the size of the room. You had to manoeuvre around your case. Would stay there again.	
Mar 18 2007 	Average stay...	I usually stay at the Penn Club of NYC but being fully booked for a long weeked in March my girlfriend and I decided to give the Carlton a try. The reviews were &quot;above average&quot; and the winter special seemed like a good deal. The location is good for grabbing a taxeior hopping on a nearby subways (1 or 6 or 2,3 or the N,R,W). The lobby, restaurant and bars are well restored. The champange bar, in particular, was a fun place to hang out on the couches. The room, however, was average or mediorce. Supposedly remodeled the rooms are already showing wear: poor worksmanship shows off with improperly joined moldings (gaps) and insufficient ventiation in the bathroom resulting in cracking paint (photo), water damage (photo), and other defects to include peeling wallpaper. The lock on the door was also defective and showed signs of multiple repairs, none obviously successful (photo). The new beds, pillows and sheets/comforter were very comfortable and the highlight of the room. One minor drawback, however, was the spot on the topsheet (see photo) that we noted as we pulled back the covers of our supposedly fresh made bed. We stayed in 863.As for the staff, the doormen, valets were quite good. The front desk staff, when informing them of the spotted sheet, brushed this off with a perfunctory and insincere, &quot;I will tell the manager.&quot; I'm sure. The front desk was likewise mildly annoying when I had to tell them two times to remove a room charge that we did not make. The bartender in the champange bar was spot on.I will not stay there again (but would go to the champange bar the hotel's fabulous restaurant), even if the Penn Club is booked. We did not find it to be that great a value, even when considering the positives. One can do better in NYC even at the price point offered. Admittedly, the Penn Club costs a bit less (and it's a private club) but it's the same class accomodation (4 star). And, the club's service is FAR superior to the Carlton's along with the room quality. As for me, I have stayed at hotels all over the world (dumps and palaces) so I have a good feel for value. I'll leave you with one recent example: This December we stayed at the Vail Mountain Lodge and Spa in Vail Village. The pre-season price point was comparable to NYC but the accomodations and service was among the best I ever experienced. PS - The photos posted by other reviewers of the common areas and overall rooms are accurate per our experience.	
Mar 17 2007 	Better than expected; great value!	Same-day booking, due to snowstorm and travel snags. I booked on the web through hotel website : $242 + taxes = approx $278 total for &quot;Deluxe King&quot; on the fourth floor.The room was 325 square feet, pleasantly decorated, with a very comfortable bed, nice linens, and spacious bathroom, which had both a bathtub and a separate shower; one sink. It was very quiet, and I had a great night's sleep!Only two problems with the room: the room safe did not work; we could not control the temperature adequately (both issues are being addressed, we were told by the front desk upon checkout). By opening a window a little in the evening, we were able to keep the room properly ventilated and cool for sleeping.The lobby, designed by David Rockwell, is a large and grand space, which is very busy with guests coming and going. Clientele reminded me of people who used to stay at NYC's &quot;Paramount&quot; when it first opened years ago: mostly on the youngish side, a little hip, looking for good value, along with many foreign guests. Our greeting by the front desk left something to be desired - the fellow had no personality, did not crack a smile, and was rather brusque. He belongs in the back office. I must say that I was not made to feel welcome upon arrival, but this definitely improved over our short stay, as long as I avoided him! The concierge was very pleasant, friendly and helpful in answering my two questions which included my usual addict's concern: &quot;where can I get my early morning coffee?&quot; (Dunkin' Donuts - 100 feet from the hotel entrance; Starbucks - around the block). Checkout was easy; the front desk staff was much more affable in the morning, and seemed genuinely interested in how we enjoyed our stay. There is a nice restaurant in the hotel. We had breakfast there (it will break the bank - - - for two, it was $57 + tip!). We also met a friend for a drink in the restaurant's mezzanine-floor Champagne Bar, which was really comfortable and convenient.I would not stay here for more than 2 or 3 nights, but it was perfect for our short-term needs. We rolled out of bed in the morning and walked the few short blocks to our accountant to do our taxes... We'll probably stay here again the night before we meet with our accountant again next year!	
Mar 6 2007 	Good hotel/great location	I stayed at the Carlton for five days in February while on business. My room was a standard double. While is was very small in size, it was fine for one person and had every possible amenity. The bed and the linens were amazing, the towels were plush and plentiful, very nice, comfy robes, great toiletries and excellent maid service. The wireless internet service is available in room and worked great. The bathroom was miniscule, not to be indelicate, but my knees hit the door when seated on the toilet, and I am 5' 4&quot; tall. The marble shower however was quite large. Nice minibar, averagely overpriced. The room service breakfast was quite good -- especially the coffee, served hot and strong. The hotel is in a great location on 28th and Madison, one block from a subway stop. The doormen and the front desk people were very friendly and helpful.	
Feb 28 2007 	Recommend the Carlton	Overall a very good experience. Staff was friendly, but we did not find the concierges particularly knowledgeable so do your research before. We found Charles at the front desk gave us better suggestions than the concierges. Thankfully, we happen to have our computer and hooked up to the hotel's free wifi service.Location was great- there is so much to do in NYC and the hotel is in close proximity to a lot of activity. Cabs are cheap, the subway is close and we walked quite a bit, so we were pleased with the location. There is no one location that is close to everything we did. The hotel itself was nice with a pretty lobby. Our room was clean and we do not have any housekeeping complaints. The only room issue is that we booked a superior room with a &quot;queen&quot; size bed. However, the bed was not a typical queen size bed and we were told that it is the hotel's definition of a queen sized bed. I guess with a small room, that is typical of NYC.We were facing a brick wall, but we had heard that if you face Madison, you hear lots of honking and if you face 28th st,, you hear a nightclub so the wall was fine.We would stay at the Carlton again especially for the price we paid. We booked on expedia and for comparable hotels, the Carlton was significantly cheaper.	
Feb 3 2007	A poor stay!!	I was disappointed to say the least, the photos showed a nice looking lobby but the service was poor.We checked in to find the room was freezing, after ringing reception somebody came and looked at the heater and said all was well. The following day after a long and exhausting time shopping we returned to the room to find it like oven. I went to reception and complained and was told somebody would come soon. I returned to the room and had to open a window (bearing in mind it's snowing outside) an hour and a half later nobody had come so i returned to the front desk and was told somebody would be there within 5 mins. A man came and said yes, the thermostat was broken but they were waiting for a new part. i complained to reception who said they would upgrade our room after 3pm. when we returned we went to the new room it was actually smaller!! i wasn't happy and was eventually given the same room but on a lower floor. so in actual fact i got no upgrade or more importantly a sincere appology!!	
Jan 26 2007 	Fabulouso	My wife and I spent two nights at the Carlton (January 22-24) and found it to be a truly wonderful hotel. The front lobby staff was the best I've ever encountered during my 40+ years of hotel stays. We believe that the hotel has been restored beyond its former glory and its location is convenient to all forms of transportation within the city. The room we had was spacious and our bed was extremely comfortable. We ate in the Country Cafe our first night at the hotel and loved the food so much that we ate there again the second night of our stay. We would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC who wants the luxury of a four star hotel at reasonable prices!	
Jan 24 2007	Great 29th Birthday weekend	I absolutely loved, loved, loved The Carlton. It was the weekend of my 29th birthday and my boyfriend and I decided to do something special, every website I went to the first hotel was The Carlton. I checked out the pictures and the reviews and even had my mom walk pass by the hotel to give it a once over and just as she said the hotel was wonderful. We walked into the lobby and it was gorgeous, went to the room and another gorgeous site, had dinner in the hotel restaurant and the food was delicious. All in all it was a great October weekend enjoying the hotel and the sites around the city, just pretending we were tourist in our own town. And by the by the concierge was terrific.	
Jan 16 2007	Extremely clean quiet and comfortable	The Carleton is beautiful, extremely clean and the service is outstanding. The beds and pillows are the most comfortable I've ever experienced in a hotel and the building is extremely well insulated - we never heard any noise from the other units. I stayed there with my sister this weekend and when we discovered an issue with the room (a previous guest had broken a window and covered it up), they immediately moved us to a corner unit with a better view. They were prompt, polite and very professional. My only concern was that the location was a little inconvenient for seeing plays, but with two subway lines within minutes walk from the hotel, it was fine. We walked to great restaurants as well as to Chelsea with no fear as the neighborhood is good and feels safe. Negatives: no coffee maker and no full length mirror in the room. Other than that, it was a great place to stay.	
Jan 15 2007 	there's definately a lot better out there	ok, first of all i want to start by saying i've never written a bad review about a hotel before, i know when i read other postings i kind of thought o myself, these people are being moany, but in all honesty i am not a moany person, very much the opposite. new york is amazing, never wanted to come home so definately go to new york just do not stay here.we booked on a travelzoo special offer that worked out $199 a night plus all the taxes. when we walked into the hotel we were like oh my god!&quot; the lobby is amazing, looks so posh and thought this is gonna be amazing! went to our room and it was so small. i know rooms over there aren't hige but this was supposed to be with a free upgrade to a superior room. it was about 10ft by 10ft if that. its quite pretty but without all the fancy lighting that there is on the photo's its really not that nice looking a room.anyway we were ok with it. the longer we were there for though thte more we noticed. i had a bath on the first night and half the wallpaper in our bathroom was hanging off, then when i got out the water wouldn't go out, it took over an hour so my boyfriend couldn't have a shower after a 7 hr flight. beds are comfy and cleaners do a good job.we had a one off experience on one of our nights, the fire alarms kept beeping on our floor, not all the time just like one would go beep, then about 10 seconds later another would go and so on. this was about 11pm as we'd been out. we phoned receptiont they sent someone up who when he looked at it said there was no battery in it, so he put in a new battery. he went but didn't fix the ten or so others that were also beeping so we phoned down again, and pretty much got told we fixed yours so tough. you'll have to wait til morning. i understand it was late but come on. we complained after a bad nights sleep so they comped us a breakfast which i have to say was a lovely breakfast! not sure i'd pay $55 for it which is what it came to but it cheered us up. the beeping was fixed in the day.to sum up this hotel i would say that its like someone wanted to create a really nice hotel, so they started building, built an amazing lobby, lovely restaurants and surroundings, and ran out of money by the time they got to the rooms. they really aren't good. and as for the location there are far better places to stay in my opinion. we're only in our 20's so don't mind walking but boy did we have to do a lot of walking.if your seriously thinking about staying here don't let the pictures fool you, seriously think about staying somewhere else.	
Jan 13 2007 	Loved it!	My daughter and I stayed here for 4 nights and really enjoyed the hotel. The staff was very nice and the hotel beautifully decorated for the holidays. It is an older hotel, but has been nicely redone so that you have every comfort. The 28th Street subway is closeby, which is helpful. We felt safe even coming in late at night. We will go back to this hotel. Coffee in the lobby in the morning would be a nice addition - you have to go the the restraurant or next door to Dunkin Donuts (long line on weekdays) - too much trouble. All in all - a wonderful place to stay. Quiet and beds to die for - I never wanted to leave in the mornings.	
Jan 11 2007 	A++++!!	Great location, friendly staff, excellent concierge, clean, comfortable and nicely decorated rooms, and an over the top value for money. Stayed there for 8 nights during this christmas and couldn't have asked for more!! Highly recommended.	
Jan 7 2007	Great Hotel!	We stayed at the Carlton in January 2007 and had a great experience. Our original room had a broken AC so they moved us to a nicer room and comped us a meal (we chose breakfast in bed). There is a subway right accross the street. Staff was very nice and helpful!	
Jan 5 2007 	A pleasant stay met my expectations	Stayed 3 nights at the Carlton the week before Christmas. The hotel looks to be recently refurbished, the lobby is elegant and the hotel bar is tasteful, a good place to start or end a night out. We got a really good rate through an online travel company. The hotel was kind enough to check us in by 12 noon the day we arrived as we took the red-eye and wanted to get some sleep. The hotel is 2 or 3 blocks from multiple subway lines. We had a queen room and the room was very small for 2 people. A little claustrophobic but we were sight seeing most of the time, so we were not there very often. The only negative experience I had was the last night, when the hotel AC broke and our room was very hot even though it was December. I was awake most of the night as a result, even though the hotel management brought us a fan. The AC was fixed the next day, but we were checking out anyway. I was pleased for the money we paid, I wouldn't however pay more $250 a night for this hotel unless it was a luxury suite.All in all, a nice experience.	
Jan 3 2007 	A wonderful stay!	Arrived at the Carlton on Dec. 26th for 3 nights. We stayed in a small, but lovely room with 2 double beds. I brought my 2 daughters for a fun shopping trip. We discovered we would need more towels, so I called the front desk. They were sent up along with a handful of shampoo, lotion, and soap, &quot;just in case we needed it.&quot; We had no trouble getting a cab when we needed it and the subway was only a few blocks from the hotel. The hotel itself is away from the noise and crowds of mid-town. It was nice to come back to peace and quiet after being in the crowds all day.The hotel concierge was the best! Andrew, thanks for some great restaurant recommendations. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Carlton.... almost forgot to mention.... We got to Penn Station and my daughter realized she had forgotten her tote bag at the hotel. I called them, they found it ,and sent it to us Federal Express! Thanks!	
Dec 31 2006 	Carlton great weekend	We are couple from Toronto Canada and wanted a good hotel for a romantic weekend in New York. We had a room at the rear of the Hotel 1015. Room was one level up from a standard and had luxury finishes and bathroom. The hotel location was great. Staff very helpful and the delux room was a free upgrade.Price seemed good value for New York.There is construction of a high rise at the rear and it may be a noise problem during the week. But on the weekend no problem.Lobby bar was good. Didnt try the restaurant.Hotel is an historic building totally upgraded inside.Got around well from here to all tourist attractions. You can walk to the empire state building and times square. Subway not far.I highly recomend the Carlton on Madison.	
Dec 30 2006 	Too many complaints to list!	My husband and I arrived on Christmas eve after a long and tiring flight from London. When the cab arrived at the hotel the doorman was &quot;yakking&quot; to a friend, and it was only when I glared at him and slammed the cab door, did he turn round and help with the luggage. We were disappointed with the Lobby. The &quot;official&quot; website made it look so big and bright. Obviously the pictures were taken by a very good photographer. When we were shown to our &quot;Superior&quot; room, boy were we shocked. This room was fine for a &quot;munchkin&quot; with no luggage, with the smallest hotel bathroom I had ever seen. Not only that, but the room had not been cleaned properly. The bell boy called reception and they gave him three other rooms that may be suitable - they were not. Eventually, after about two hours, we were given a &quot;suite&quot; for an extra $100 a night. By this time we were so tired and needed to get over to Queens to see our grandchildren before they were put to bed, so we took it. The size of the bedroom was not too bad, but no real storage for hanging clothes and apart from the mirror in the bathroom, the only other mirror was in the very small closet, but not near to any electrical socket. We mistakenly thought that a suite would have a bigger bathroom - not so. The door just missed the basin and the toilet was about two inches from the bath-tub. The shower was very powerful and the bathroom floor got soaked every time. As there was no way of getting two people in the bathroom, having to use hairdryers and straighteners in the bathroom was very inconvenient. Again the website made the rooms look big and bright. Not so, we found the room to be dark and cold, as we could not get the heating to work properly and the lights were poorly situated. As we visit NY four or five times a year, I do not think we will be returning to the Carlton.	
Dec 29 2006 	A wonderful hotel!	We booked a Travelzoo special just before Christmas, and couldn't have enjoyed it more. We got a beautiful large corner room on the 8th floor and had a marvelous 2-night stay. Clean, comfortable, luxurious and surprisingly affordable, the Carlton was a great deal and a great hotel, too!	
Dec 19 2006	Great hotel with problems	Our first stay at the Carlton was both a disaster and a triumph. Our king room was gotten for $229. on a Travelzoo promo. The size was okay, but the heating was broken. After a sleepless night I told the clerk we wanted to change. He said no, they'd look into fixing it. I insisted I wanted to change (couldn't trust another sleepless night). He was surly and ignored me. I saw an asst. manager who was very apologetic and moved us to a much larger room (1107), where we stayed 2 more nights. She also sent up a fruit plate. Most staff there are just fine, but the doormen are absolutely worthless, standing on the curb yakking, even if you're struggling through. Only twice of my 4 nights did one grab a door/call a cab.While the decorating of the rooms is very, very nice (hand made silk bolsters, e.g.), the construction is garbage. So much so that I will not be going back. One example is the walk in shower of room 1007, which is canted away from the wall. The bathroom literally flooded. Glad I wasn't in 907. (this time I paid $460).Now, the showcase of this hotel is it's exquisite lobby - timeless, elegant and fresh design. The bar has a very clubby atmosphere that feels Edwardian, yet not stuffy. I suggest staying at the hotel now before it falls apart in a year.	
Dec 8 2006 	Nice enough but would try somewhere different next time...	I stayed in this hotel for a week recently as part of a group. According to a recent reviewer the rooms were &quot;huge&quot;. Granted, they were not as small as previous New York hotels I have stayed in but they were by no means &quot;huge&quot;. The room was very tastefully decorated, with clean linen and towels every day. The bed was very comfortable. A nice touch was the iPod stereo system in which we could play music from our iPods.The doormen and concierge were extremely friendly and helpful, as was the driver who was hired to take us to the airport. The check-in staff were efficient although not as friendly as the doormen or concierge.I visited the bar on just one occassion but if semed very nice with an extensive drinks menu and friendly staff. Room service was very expensive in my opinion.The hotel was nicely decorated but , I would agree, lacked character.	
Dec 7 2006 	We loved it!	My friend and I thought this hotel was super. We did have a view of the Empire State building and this was a real bonus. The room was lovely - huge - with two double beds and definitely larger than we ever expected in New York. I can't understand other people's comments. We thought the position was absolutely fine - a subway is fairly near and the walk to 42nd Street etc was enjoyable. The comment about the mini-bar and food is strange - when was a mini-bar free in any hotel? We would stay here again. The staff were very helpful, especially the door staff and concierge and the food in the hotel was excellent. Not cheap but we knew that when we made the reservation. The only criticism is that the restaurant was a little dark! A real bonus for those people who wake up at 4.15 am, as we did, there is a 24 hour coffee shop just round the corner - coffee and doughnuts at dawn - an experience to be remembered! This was because there was no room service at this hour as the hotel has just been taken over. Apparently this will be back in service shortly. The hotel offered to bring us coffee in but in actual fact we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. We also felt very safe even at this time in the morning - and at all other times! The hotel also charged our account to the credit card registered but we just asked at reception to pay off some in cash to use up our dollars and there was no problem at all. Did the people who commented actually ask the hotel or do people just complain for the sake of it? We loved it, would recommend it and would go again.	
Dec 7 2006 	really clean hotel but not the best location in NYC	Myself &amp; 2 friends stayed at The Carlton on Madison Avenue for 7 nights at end of Nov / start Dec 06. After hours of searching on the internet for a decent hotel we decided on this, although it was about 300 euros more expensive than most similar star hotels, it seemed a little more upmarket and we were going on a no expense spared shopping holiday to New York. The pros: doormen are extremely friendly &amp; polite. Concierge was super. He printed off cinema times for us, made dinner reservations and any other query we had, he always came up with a result. ( Thanks Topher !) Our room was average size, but spotlessly clean. Sheets and towels were changed daily.When my friend locked his case with the key inside!, the doorman was really helpful and engineering came straight away to break it off. Cons: there was construction work going on outside our window, which started most mornings at 6.30..... nightmare! The only time we ate at the hotel was when we ordered 3 burgers &amp; fries to the room. Which cost us the guts of $100 USD. most expensive burger I've ever ate ! It was nice but not that nice. Breakfast is too expensive, even by New York prices. So we never ate it at the hotel.All in all we had an above average stay at the Carlton on Madison. For any first time visitors to Manhattan. Stay more uptown around 42nd - 52nd off Broadway or fifth avenue. The Carlton is midtown but within a business district, so you have to get the subway or a cab to most tourist attractions. With the exception of the Empire State Building, which is about a 10/15 min walk from the hotel.	
Dec 4 2006 	Nice hotel but lacking character...	Me and 2 of my friends stayed in The Carlton on Madison Avenue in November/December 2006. Its a really nice hotel, the rooms are stylish and really clean. The room was cleaned to a really high standard everyday. Fresh sheets everyday, clean towels and robes. There is an ipod dock in the room so you can play your own music in the room, which is a nice touch. The newspaper is delviered outside the room every morning. This was my third trip to NYC and personally I would not stay this far downtown again, the hotel is definitely midtown but I'd rather be more uptown to be honest. When its someones first trip to the city I would definitely recommend to stay further uptown. 42nd street to 52nd street would be more suitable for someone not so familiar witht the city. I did think the hotel lacked a bit of character, I was there for 8 days and I didn't feel I ever got any personality from the place. Thats the best way I can describe it, just felt a bit soul-less. All in all, I enjoyed my time there, door staff are really good and the conscierge was really knowledgeable. 2 complaints - We did request a room with a view of the Empire State building and they hadn't got any when we got there, they confirmed in an email that we would have one. Also the day we were checking out they dropped in a statement for the room service we had ordered etc... (at 9.30am when we had until 12 to check out) and they had charged it to the credit card that we gave them to swipe when we arrived. They should have waited to see how we wanted to pay for this, we wanted to pay cash, I thought this was bad.	
Nov 30 2006 	Very Nice	This is hotel is better than standard, but not quite luxurious. The lobby is stylish (marble, chandeliers, velvet upholstery) but also a little overdone. The room's decor is very nice (real cotton linens, a canopy detail, good lighting) but some rooms feel rather cramped. There are also tons of add-on charges (there was a mini-bar and welcome basket, none-of-which were free). Also, the staff were professional was not particularly gracious. If you are expecting something truly classy, you will be disappointed, but if you are just looking for something a cut above normal, you'll like it.	
Nov 26 2006 	fantastic hotel	We checked on trip advisor as always before booking our trip to new york and this hotel had great reviews. We found all staff to be very helpful and courteous they gave us umbrellas when wet, booked us a cab, changed our room when requested. The hotel is in a great location near the flatiron building and also empire state really is a great base. Our room as expected for a city hotel was not huge but cosy spotlessly clean and has all you need to make your stay comfortable. We would highly recommend this hotel	
Nov 25 2006	Great hotel fantastic staff!!!	Myself &amp; 3 friends stayed at The Carlton in November for 3 nights.As soon as we arrived at the hotel we were given a wondeful welcome by one of the doorman who took all our bags &amp; accompanied us to reception. We arrive at about 1.45pm, check in is 3.00pm, but one of our rooms were ready &amp; they said they'd have another ASAP.Rooms were very nice, plenty of room, clean &amp; nicely decorated. Bathrooms were a really good size, the bathroom in my room was massive. Nice toiletries etc....What made the difference at this hotel was the helpful &amp; friendly staff, especially the doormen, who were always cheerful &amp; happy to help.We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel but asked the doorman for a recommendation, he told us to go to a coffee shop just down the road from hotel. We enjoyed breakfast here every day, good, cheap food &amp; again really friendly staff who recognised us each time we went. For coffee shop turn right out of hotel, cross road, it is about 200yds on your right.	
Nov 24 2006 	Thanksgiving Day at Carlton on Madison	I found a great deal on Travel Zoo and only heard good reviews from fellow event planners. I booked it for my mother and she was very impressed, so was I. Why?1. Very elegant2. Best looking hotel on that block3. Great price - less than $300 for a deluxe room4. Nice bathroom5. Thick walls6. Great interior decorated7. QuietI have stayed at other 4 and 5 star properties and though many are very chic, usually the rooms are very small and bathrooms are tiny. This was not the case with this hotel.	
Nov 14 2006 	Fantastic Location Comfortable Hotel but Unprofessional Staff	We stayed in this hotel for eight night towards the end of October. Our first problem was that we were supposed to be upgraded to a delux room and on check in this was not noted and did not happen. It had been agreed with the reservations manager prior to arrival. After travelling for almost twelve hours I didn't bother to insist. The guy who checked us in was terrible, scruffy appearance(he should buy a shirt that fits him!) and very abrupt. So after a poor start at what looked to be a fantastic place to stay we preceeded to our room on the 4th floor. Now our room was fantastic. Very roomy and very nicely decorated. One particular night we aksed the Consierge to recommend an Italian Restauart near by. What a huge mistake. We walked so far that we had to get a taxi back to the hotel to discover that the directions he had given us were wrong (wrong number and wrong ave). What a clown! It's a good job he was no where to be seen when we returned after walking what felt like the lenght of Madison ave on a very cold night. We advised the reservations manager of the inconvenience caused and she listen and nodded at the approriate times. On a lighter note when I requested ice / more towels / a newpaper they were all delevered to the room within minutes. Keep up the good work Housekeeping!The location is fantastic and the hotel is very comfortable. The only thing we found annoying was the unprofessionalism of the stafff and the apartent lack of concern when a problem was raised. We were offerd a $100 off a meal in the restaurant in the hotel but we declined to accept it. I would stay here again but I would not rely on any of the staff for directions or help and I wouldn't expect much more than a smile from them.	
Oct 31 2006 	Great location very comfortable	This is a lovely hotel with beautiful lobby and comfortable rooms. It's a great location for seeing New York, in walking distance of the Empire State Building and Madison Square Gardens. We would highly recommend a stay here and hope to come back again soon! The hop-on hop-off bus tours of the city are great value and an easy way to get around, which you can get tickets for from the hotel concierge.	
Oct 12 2006	Fantastic hotel	Fantastic hotel with very nice and friendly staff. The room were also very nice.	
Oct 9 2006	Great Hotel - Will Stay Here Again	This is a real gem of a hotel neatly located between Park and Fifith, with nearby parks, subway stations, great restaurants/coffee houses all within a short walk.Arriving in the wee AM hours we found the staff helpful and ready for our late arrival. Check-in was fast and smooth and the room was excellent.The beds are very comfortable, the hotel is clean clean clean, the bathroom just the right size with all the amenities.We did have one small problem with trying to get a drink before dinner at the much touted champagne bar - we were utterly ignored although it was empty - the bartender was too busy on a phone call. When we stood up to leave he said he would make our drinks then - it had been 15 minutes. We said no thanks and stopped by the front desk to let them know the service was not on par with the rest of our experience there. We were told the champagne bar was leased out space and the hotel did not control the service. They also quickly and graciously gave us a $50 credit on our room bill.Anything the hotel could do to make things right, they did. We loved it there and will be back often.	
Sep 15 2006	Had a great time!	I read all the reviews and based upon them decided to give the Carlton on Madison a try. I actually was extremely impressed by the level of service and friendliness from everyone I encountered. The staff always seemed great to me the whole time. The lobby is beautiful and definitely all that I read about. The restaurant also seems to be very popular, although I didn't eat there, the place was packed the whole time I was there. The hotel seems to be in a great spot as well and it was very easy to get anywhere in the city. All in all, it was a great place to stay and at least $100 less a night than the other place I previously stayed in. Check it out.	
Sep 11 2006 	Okay....but not great	Stayed at the Carlton on Madison for four days over the second weekend in September. The queen rooms are small - 12 x 12 feet with a bathroom that's 4 x 12 feet. This was expected as it's New York. While the location and lobby is great, the rooms are starting to look weathered - broken window (could hear street noise all night), peeling wallpaper, water damaged ceilings in the bathroom and chipped and damaged drywall. While our stay was fine, what really bothered me was the non-existant bellmen and door staff that other reviewers raved about. Beware of a bellman named Allan - although I tipped him for retrieving our baggage from storage on our last day - he had the gall to watch my wife and I carry our own luggage up the stairs to street level... and get this...while standing 10 feet away - he just stood there while we opened the doors out of the hotel ourselves!!My recommendation, 2 years ago I stayed at the Sofitel - HUGE ROOMS, GREAT SERVICE, SAME PRICE!!!	
Sep 5 2006 	Wonderfully comfortable beds	Stylish hotel, good location, very comfortable beds, perfectly clean. Only reservation was the room safe, which after several attempts at fixing, remained broken for the duration of our stay.	
Sep 5 2006 	Jewel on Madison	Checked in pretty late and was greeted warmly by the front desk staff .. Unfortunately our reservation was not to be found from our booking party ...I was very nervous at this point ,since it was our first time in New York City . This young gentleman more like an angel (Dean ) the front desk clerk kept us worry free by telling us its going to be a okay that he'll take care of everything . He went ahead and called expedia by that time we know were in good hands.Got the resvervation and checked us into a beautiful room.. During the stay the front desk were so friendly and helpful but all in all agent Dean made us feel like we were at staying at an ole freind's house...WILL VISIT AGAIN !!!!	
Sep 2 2006 	We will go back to the Carlton!	We saw this hotel on Travelzoo, and checked trip advisor for comments. The reason we got a deal was because the 2nd floor was under contruction. But we stayed on the one of the upper floors and only noticed the construction when workers got off on that floor on the elevator. This is not a major chain hotel, so don't expect that if you choose this hotel. Drinks at the bar were insanely expensive. We did not eat at the restaurant. We LOVED the location because we did not want to stay in the tourist trap of Times square. We were close to midtown shopping on 33rd, lots of delis in the neighborhood, and the subway lines. The bed was comfortable, and the room was spacious - by any city standards. There was no view from the window. The lobby is beautiful and the service made us feel special. We were in the city for the 4th and enjoyed great weather, but there was a little rain. They offered to loan me an umbrella when I ran out for donuts and coffee. I just didn't expect that kind of service from a hotel with prices around $120 a night. This will be the first place I check when we go back to NYC.	
Aug 27 2006 	Great service rooms food and value.	This hotel was a great find. For a very reasonable price (by New York standards), we were only a short walk from NYC's best shopping, attractions and restaurants. The service was flawless. The rooms were small, but very comfortable, charming, and very clean. I travel to NYC quite a bit and this hotel was one of my best accomodation experiences. I loved it. I will absolutely go back and have recommended it to my friends &amp; family.	
Aug 23 2006 	Comfortable	Modern, pretty lobby, helpful bellman, quick check in/out, clean modern room, good A/C, really quite ample for most guests.We thought the doorman who told us he'd get us a cab to facilitate us getting to the theatre on time took HIS time and squandered a few opportunities to do just that---we walked instead of waiting. Other than this, personnel were quite consciencious and helpful.I didn't have my reservation confirmation number on me when I checked in, and was told that I'd need to provide it in order to guarantee the quoted rate. My check-in was not delayed due to this, but when I asked to use a computer to access my email to retrieve the confirmation number, their business center wanted to charge me $6 or so for a half hour of usage (I needed about 45 seconds worth). I thought this was a new definition of 'chinsy', but by the next morning the front desk had somehow located the confirmation number on their own and the point became moot.	
Aug 20 2006 	What is not to love	I put in alot of research before I booked this hotel. I read all of the reviews and thought this hotel has received the most compliments. I took a chance and booked a week stay with my sister. This was my first trip to NYC. When I arrive to the hotel I was immediately greeted by the Doorman. I checked in went to my room it was fabulous. I went to the concierge desk an there was no one there so I approached the front desk for help with directions. Tara at the front desk was spectacular, she took out a street map and gave me all the info I need and more. I was WOWed by her service. I am definately coming back to this hotel.	
Aug 20 2006 	Fantastic hotel!	This was my second trip to the Carlton. Two years ago when the hotel started to undergo construction, my husband and I went down over the holidays! I was thrilled to see that most of the renovations have been completed! THE HOTEL IS BEAUTIFUL! The lobby was sytlish and impeccable. It is now so sleek and modern, I felt like I was staying at the Ritz Carlon; not the Carlton!! The rooms were also very nice. Our view wasn't the best (we booked with a discounted rate); however, they were clean and completely new. The bed was comfty and the bathroom was pristine. As for the hotel staff: they were wonderful as well - especially Topher and Stetson (the conseirge)! We really wanted to see &quot;Jersey Boys&quot; while we were in town overnight. Topher scored us premium seats for that evening without a blink. That really made our trip!The only negative was the parking garage (which is not part &quot;owned&quot; by the hotel). It is right next to the hotel and convenient. It was easy to get in and out of and they were careful when parking it. However, when we went to retrieve our car after checking out, we found that someone took two drinks out of our cooler which we used for the long roadtrip. FYI: do not leave valuables in the car! It creeped us out to find the cooler top open iminus two soft drinks and water on the seat!! I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 5 2006 	Great Hotel	The Carlton on Madison is a wonderful hotel. After a lot of researching, I was able to get a great weekend rate for a deluxe king room on Travelzoo[-] for $204 per night. The hotel offers an excellent value for the money.Location:The location is very convenient. It is on Madison Ave between 28th and 29th in Midtown Manhattan. There is a subway stop one block east of the hotel at Park and 28th. It is within walking distance (few blocks) from the Empire State Building and Grand Central Station. Times Square and the theater district was a $10 cab ride. There are lots of dining options and shopping nearby. It is in a relatively good neighborhood and felt safe walking at all times. Arrival:Upon arrival at the hotel there was a friendly uniformed doorman and valet who opened the door and offered to assist with luggage. Friendly but never stuffy or rude. The lobby is amazing for a hotel its size: soaring ceilings, a tranquil two story waterfall, ultra suede padded walls, and beautiful well-kept comfy furniture for lounging. The hotel lobby décor is modern and warm. Check-in:Check-in was quick and efficient. Ethel was friendly and made me feel very welcomed after a long flight and drive from LGA. I arrived early afternoon around 12:30 pm before the 3:00 pm check-in time. I had requested a room with a view of the Empire State Building but due to construction of neighboring buildings at the time, I was told most the of views would be obstructed anyways. I was offered to wait (not forced) till 3:00 pm for the room with a view but declined and asked for a room available for immediate check-in. No problem. Seconds later, I had my room key in hand. Ethel also took the time to explain the various amenities of the hotel and other services which I thought was very nice. Room 529The hotel is shaped like “J.” The rooms on the outside of the J face the street and the interior rooms don’t have much of a view. If you want a view, try the Mandarin Oriental or the Trump Hotel but personally there’s not much difference to me for a room with a view. The hallways are bright and airy in yellow muted tones and are wide easily accommodating two people passing by. There were a few trays from room service in the hallways but were whisked away within a reasonable time period. The room is nicely decorated in a neutral yellow tone with beige and gold accents and was very clean upon arrival. The room was very large by New York standards, actually very roomy. I have stayed in other New York hotels (supposedly 4 stars) where the door bumps the bed. There was a canopied king bed that was very comfortable, overhead reading lights, flanking nightstands, an alarm clock radio with I-pod docking station, armoire cabinet housing the TV, safe, iron, a few drawers, and limited hanging rod space. There was also a small bench at the foot of the bed and a writing desk with a snack basket. The desk offers a small workspace though for the business types. The bathroom was equally plush with a marbled tub/shower combination, marbled sink area with plenty of counter space for toiletries, and a toilet area off to the side. The water pressure is excellent for a building its age and the hot water supply was very responsive. There are the usual shampoo, conditioner, lotion, face bar, and soap bar all in excellent sizes for use and from Penhaligon. There are no ice makers on the guest floors but must be requested through room service. The first night ice was requested, it literally took two minutes from putting the phone down until the knock on the door. On the second request the following day however, the ice never came. After waiting for more than an hour (ahem) we decided to leave. Upon return, the ice was there eventually. That was very disappointing. The Concierge did inquire about the ice the following day and apologized the ice was delivered to the incorrect room. Services/Amenities:The Concierge, Stetson, was very helpful and offered great suggestions for dining and directions. Bella Napoli an Italian eatery with excellent pizza is up the street on Madison. The hotel restaurant, Country, is adjacent to the hotel and seemed beautiful and pricey but did not had a chance to eat there. Every time we arrived back at the hotel, we were greeted by name by the front desk staff, the doormen, and concierge. Great job. There was also a 24hr business center with two computers with internet access and printers attached for rental for $5.95 for 15 minutes, fax machines, and ATM. A great touch is that printing boarding passes for your airline check-in is free! It’s the little things that count. Hotel guests are also entitled to complimentary use of a nearby gym (I forgot the name). I did inquire further and learned it does not have a pool in case you are wondering.Checkout:The bill was delivered the night before checkout under the door. Everything was in order. No hidden charges or surcharges. Check out was also available on the TV but I decided to check out at the front desk and thank the staff. Everyone was extremely helpful and friendly and I would not hesitate to come back to the Carlton on Madison. It is an excellent hotel and rightfully on Travel + Leisure’s 2006 World’s Best 15 To Watch List.	
Jul 19 2006	Excellent Hotel Excellent Deal	When I was looking for a place to stay for my Fourth of July weekend trip to Manhattan, I picked the Carlton based on reviews I read here and on other websites. Those reviews were not wrong. Not only was the Carlton a deal compared to similarly rated hotels in Manhattan, but the good reviews were well-deserved.Before I arrived in New York, I e-mailed the hotel and requested a room with a view of the Empire State Building. Not only did they grant my request (a 10th floor room with a spot-on view), but they upgraded my room from a queen-sized bed to a king-sized.As you can see from the pictures I took as soon as I walked into the room, it was clean and very nice. The bed was more comfortable than any hotel bed I've slept in (even more comfortable than my bed at home). The iPod dock/alarm clock was a nice touch since I have an iPod; I was able to charge it during my trip and wake up to my own music. I've read some reviews that complained about the room temperature, but my room was perfect even though it was 90+ degrees outside (I can't vouch for the winter room temperatures). The room service is very pricey, but that didn't bother me as I was able to find plenty of good places to eat nearby. If you love coffee or tea, check out Keko Cafe down the street on Madison at 30th Street. It's a small, slow-paced cafe, but the coffee and tea are fantastic. The neighborhood is quiet despite it being in Midtown; it was a far cry from my previous experiences staying in hotels closer to Times Square. The staff was courteous and helpful. At one point I had trouble setting a new code for the in-room safe. I called down to the front desk and they immediately sent someone from Security to my room to show me how to set it properly. All in all, I loved my stay at the Carlton and not only do I recommend it, but I am already planning to return to Manhattan in a few months and I'm staying at the Carlton again.	
Jul 10 2006	OUTSTANDING in every way! The Carlton on Madison	My boyfriend and I recently spent 3 nights at the Carlton on Madison and I cannot say enough about the venue AND the staff. Funnily enough we chose this particular hotel based on the on-line reviews, and now I find myself compelled to write my own glowing review about our outstanding experience at the Carlton.The hotel is beautifully decorated and the rooms (while Manhattan sized) are lovely in every detail, which in and of itself would not be enough if the bed and bedding were not so luxurious and comfortable. I am by my own admission a customer service stickler and fully believe that while often a difficult and thankless job, folks in the service industry are there to do just that - - service the patrons who choose their venue - - and the Carlton staff - - - AT EVERY LEVEL, clearly subscribe to the same theory. I cannot say enough about the staftt at the hotel, from the front desk, to the concierge, the doormen, the bellhops, the room service wait staff and the restaurant staff. SUPERB one and all, without exception!I would highly recommend the Carlton if you are looking for excellence from the venue, its food, and its staff. I hope your travel partner is as amazing as mine and trust that your hotel experience will be as wonderful as ours!	
Jul 8 2006	Comfortable if a little small	This lovely hotel was beautiful. As you walk in, the large, airy and atmospheric lobby of the hotel beckons you in. The staff were friendly and helpful. Rooms are on the small side. Comfortable with luxurious bathrooms. We were upgraded from a double to a king room. Views were of the back of the hotel and pretty non-existent. Overall, I would rate this hotel highly because of its location, price and pleasantness.	
Jul 8 2006	Stylish excellent value for money	The Ritz Carlton has been refurbished fairly recently and our room was in fantastic condition, beautifully furnished and not a bad size for New York. The room had 2 double beds, which gave my son and I plenty of space. The room was tastefully furnished in Art Deco style, with lots of opulent fabric drapes; this was also true of the bathroom. Beautiful, thick, top quality robes were available for our use. The air conditioning was quiet and efficient, and was definitely needed as the room would be stuffy without it. The safe didn't work, which was annoying, and we had to use the safety deposit boxes in reception. They tried to repair the room safe within 5 minutes of me reporting a fault but were unable to do so. The repair man told me that all the safes were being upgraded floor by floor, so hopefully this won't happen again. The lifts were always working and we never had to wait more than a minute (I understand this is sometimes a problem in hotels in NYC). The hotel's restaurant is trendy and up and coming and if you want to eat there it is advisable to book in advance as we could not get a table.All the hotel employees we came into contact with were extremely helpful, polite and knowledgeable. The doorman arranged our return airport taxi, which turned out to be a luxury air conditioned limousine, which we were really chuffed with. We requested 2 beds in the room and non-smoking, which were provided no problem.The hotel's location was perfect for our needs. It is 5 minutes walk from the Empire State so you can get there early and beat the queues. There are a couple of subway stations nearby, which make it easy to get to the Financial District, Chinatown, Bloomingdales, Central Park, etc.There are some cheap eateries around. We really loved Bagel Maven for food and friendly service, which is about 10 minutes walk.All-in-all, an excellent stay and I would definitely recommend it.	
Jul 5 2006	Excellent hotel....	My sister and I stayed at the Carlton on Madison Avenue during our stay in New York. We had a twin room, which was spacious, well-furnished and very clean. The beds were probably 'the' most comfortable beds we've ever slept in!! The only criticism we had was that the bathroom was tiny in comparison with the rest of the room - but with a little squeezing here and there, it's fine. It was clean, and everything was in working order. The water pressure in the shower was amazing.. so all in all, the room itself was great.The location of the hotel is great - its a couple of blocks away from the Empire State Building, Macys, the Manhattan Mall, Broadway etc.. a lot is within walking distance. Time Square, Greenwich Village, Soho, Meatpacking district are a cab ride away - they're not too far, but there's always loads of traffic in NYC, so make sure you take that into account.Whilst in NY:-Go to Woodbury Common - fantastic outlet village where you can pick up real designer bargains, if you're into that kind of thing. You can get a Grey Line Coach from one of the streets off Time Square. Takes about an hour/hour and a half to get there, and costs roughly $38 return.-Do the Downtown Open-top bus tour. Again run by the Grey Line Coaches. Our tour guide was fantastic. Was fun and informative, and it takes you round all the 'need to see' sights in Manhattan.-Try and catch a Broadway Show. My sister and I saw Beauty and the Beast and the Lunt Fontaine Theatre. It was brilliant, and we'd recommend it to people of all ages. If you want to catch any Broadway show, go to TKTS on the day you want to go to get discount tickets. This is of course for those of you who don't really want to fork out $100-$150. My sister and I paid $56 each for our tickets, which were right at the front. Our view was amazing (they were orchestra tickets).-if you're into Sex and the City, do the SATC tour - it's brilliant and loads of fun. Again, this is about $38 and worth every penny. You don't have to be an afficionado of the cult series to enjoy the tour. It lasts about 3 hours and you're taken to and past the main sights that featured in the series. You stop off at various places/shops/bars etc which featured in the series. -get the Staten Island Ferry. It's a cab ride away from the hotel, and is free!! You can see the Statue of Liberty. You won't see it that close up, but you can get some decent photos!.Eating out - My sister and I did not eat at the hotel restaurant, but we did have room service twice. Both times, the food was not all that great, and was pretty expensive. There are lots of restaurants and delis which are in walking distance from the hotel, so you're probably better off going there for something to eat.We ate at Dos Caminos and Tribecca Grill whilst in NY. Both restaurants are pretty pricey, but well worth a visit. I personally preferred Tribecca Grill (Robert De Niro's restaurant) - the food was great there!!If you want a good breakfast, try the 'Tasty' deli which is a 5 min walk from the hotel and is on Madison Avenue itself. It's cheap and serves great food. The staff at the hotel are great, in particular the doormen and the guys at Concierge. Topher and Patrick at Concierge are fantastic and will help you with pretty much everything. Ask them for more advice with Broadway shows, dinner reservations and tours of the city - they're very helpful.All in all, NY is a fantastic city with an abundance of things to do. The Carlton is a great, reasonably priced hotel which is central. There are some building works going on nearby, which only really affected the view from our window (there was no noise etc), but did not hinder our holiday in any way!	
Jul 2 2006	An Excellent Choice	I have just returned from New York, where myself and my daughter stayed at this hotel. Everything about it was above average....the service was excellent....the room was more than adequate.....the location was ideal, if you want to be close to everything, but not in the middle of it all.The one thing I would say (perhaps it's a standard thing in the States)...is that each morning we had to call room service for coffee..... perhaps, basic tea/coffee making facilities in the room would be appreciated.We ate dinner in the hotel only one evening.....it was very good.I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC....I would certainly use it again...	
Jun 27 2006	Beware of that construction site!	Accounts of the construction site on the north side are true. If your aim is to spend nights out enjoying yourself in NYC then having a lie-in in the morning, this isn't the place for you. You cannot sleep after construction work begins.I would also agree with those who say that the hotel's main feature is the lobby: the rest is pretty uninspiring. The living room in the suites is very large but very featureless.Personally, I could not understand the rave reviews of breakfast. The room is gloomy and the food is average.	
Jun 11 2006	The Carlton Treated Us Like Royalty	After discovering a bedbug at a neighboring hotel (Manhattan Red Roof Inn), my sister and I went on the hunt to find a new hotel at 6:00 a.m. on a rainy Saturday morning. After looking at many overbooked and shabby hotels, we happened upon the Carlton. The desk manger, Annisa, sympathized with our situation and showed us three different rooms. All three rooms were roomy, clean, and well-appointed. We mentioned to Annisa how we wanted to see The Color Purple and she told the concierge to start investigating for us. We were really impressed with her dedication to customer service. We did not request the help with the tickets, but she made it her business to assist us. The concierge, Topher, was a joy to work with. He hunted down wonderful seats to The Color Purple and also took the time to research a variety of restaurants near the theatre for us. The Color Purple was phenomenal, a definite must see!!! From the bellmen to the front desk personnel, the employees at the Carlton treated us like royalty. The accommodations were clean and comfortable. While it was a little bit out of the way and much more expensive than the other hotel, it was well worth the money. Great place, I would stay again.	
Jun 8 2006	Fantastic	I would like to say a huge thank you to the staff at this wonderful hotel. We picked this hotel from others as the reviews were very good. We arrived at the hotel at midday and was able to check in straight away. The room was lovely plenty of space and just as the picture on their website.The staff were extremely helpful and couldnt do enough for you.In the four days we didnt experience any problems and will definately book again.From our experiences II cannot recommend this hotel enough.	
Jun 7 2006	Just OK	I am just back from three nights at The Carlton on Madison. I was disappointed in the hotel given the many very positive reviews on this site. Other than the beautiful lobby, the excellent Country restaurant and a reasonably good location, I thought the hotel was average at best and there were certainly some below average features which I have listed below. All of the staff that I interacted with were very pleasant.1) The rooms and bathrooms are very small - yes, even for NY. The bathroom door cleared the sink by a millimeter at most. The shower curtain (as another reviewer noted) had an industrial look and had noticelable mold on it. The closet was small enough that the hangers did not hang in it properly - they bumped into the back wall and had to be turned at an angle. I was alone and that made the size workable but I would hesitate to recommend it for two people.2) The free Wi-FI was a case of &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;. My signal fluctuated between &quot;Low&quot; and &quot;Very Low&quot; and was essentially useless most of the time.3) My 6th floor room which was on the north (the 29th Street) side of the building was very loud at night and there is construction going on immediately across the street (they start at 7:00 AM). They sold this to me as an &quot;Empire State Building view&quot; at check-in (but did not mention the construction), and from the right angle, there was a view of the ESB. 4) Although I had booked a non-smoking room, the room smelled heavily of smoke upon check in.5) For a recently remodeled hotel, the room carpet looked worn and dirty. There was also a stain on my desk chair. The comforter was nice enough but the sheets were of very low quality for a hotel charging these kinds of rates.6) The room safe was inoperable the duration of my stay.7) This is one of those hotels where you have to call room service to get ice.Overall, I didn't think the hotel was terrible but I can't see staying here again when there are so many other alternatives at this price point.	
Jun 4 2006	Loved The Carlton at Madison Avenue	Enjoyed my stay. Room is a little small, but very clean and comfy. I choosed the hotel based on tripadvisor.com reviews. Thanks for other reviews.	
Jun 3 2006	Very promising but needs a little work.	My friends and I recently had the opportunity to stay here. We are native new yorkers who embraced spending a night out in the city for fun. This hotel proved to be a good choice with a few, minor exceptions. The room itself was plusher than other, trendy nyc hotels and has a boutique feel to it. The size was decent by nyc standards and my request of the popular &quot;Chrysler Building view&quot; was granted. The lobby is lovely and the staff is very accomodating. Now for the minor issues-there were some noticable stains on the carpet as well as the desk chair's cushion. These were obvious and should have been remedied long ago. Another issue was the unsightly, not to mention gross mold growing all over the shower curtain. My friends did not seem to mind but I have had the opportunity of staying in many nyc hotels and have never seen moldy shower curtains! I did bring these issues to the manager's attention after checking out. He apologized and sent me a personalized email but that was that. My hope is they have corrected these issues for the next guest. On another note, we had the priviledge of dining at the hotel's restaurant, Country for breakfast. The restaurant was crowded but they managed to seat us promptly without a reservation. Boy were we lucky! The food was absolutely delicious and the service was impeccable. The maitre d was such a doll-he went out of his way to help me recover from the night's celebrations. All in all this is a lovely hotel. You can expect a nicely appointed room, a friendly staff and a wonderful restaurant should you chose to dine onsite.	
Jun 1 2006 	Biz traveller who found it very underrated	I went here based on the price and the reviews on this board. One previous reviewer in particular mentioned that when the construction is finished, it will be a hidden gem (or something like that). He was right. The construction is done and it is really impressive. The staff is very helpful. The rooms are spotless and although small, I've been in smaller NY rooms. The lobby is beautiful but more neo-NY style instead of old world charming. They have a membership at a great health club a couple blocks away. I forgot my ID and instead of heading back to the room, the staff called ahead to say that I was coming. I had wireless in my room but my partner didn't have it in his. And each room is different since it's an old building. I know that many people like myself come to this site and are sometimes skeptical but you shouldn't be. I have a high bar and the mere fact that I'm taking the time to write this should tell you that it is a place you will enjoy.	
Jun 1 2006	Simply the Best!	My husband treated me to a 4 night stay at this gorgeous hotel as a 50th birthday present. It was the best present ever! Prior to our arrival my husband had emailed the hotel and requested a room overlooking the Empire State Building. After a speedy check-in, we went to our allocated room and found it to be rather small, with a dingy view overlooking a dark courtyard. My husband immediately approached the front desk and we were given another room at once. This one was also small and still no view. Hubby again went to the front desk and was informed that all the rooms with views were booked out, but if we didn't mind waiting until the next day, we would be accomodated. This was the start of superb service from all the staff at the Carlton. The next day they not only allocated us a room with spectacular views of the Empire State Building, they also upgraded us to a King size room (much bigger and even more plush!) at no extra charge. The room safe was out of order, so the staff gave us the use of a safety deposit box, again without charge. All the staff were friendly and attentive, with special mention going to Patrick, the concierge who always had a smile and some useful tips for us. Nothing was too much trouble! Also, the female security officer who helped us daily and the young lady who sorted out our room for us (Anel) deserve special mention! Anel even extended our last day's checkout time so that we could enjoy a little more of this vibrant city!I am already planning a return trip!Rita Ogden	
May 3 2006	Great Hotel!	We stayed at the Carlton over the Easter long weekend in April and we had a great experience. The Concierge, Topher was his name, suggested some great brunch places and booked our reservations for us. He was a pleasure to talk to and so very helpful! Miguel and Hesus were also a big help. They took care of our luggage and arranged our transportation to the airport. They were so friendly and genuinely nice people. The bed in our room was unbelievably comfortable, no sleep complaints at all! The room was very clean, with a beautiful bathroom as well. The free wireless internet acces was a great plus! It was great coming back to our room after a long day of walking and shopping! Great location too. We booked through Expedia's flight + hotel package, highly recommend this option.Overall, an amazing experience, will definitely come back!-visiting from Toronto	
May 3 2006	Choose this hotel there should be no regrets!	We chose this hotel based on Tripadvisor reviews.More than happy with the choice!Central location, near the subway (local stop - not express!) and walkable restaurants.(Mexican Ixta East 29th, superb food &amp; service - slightly pricey, Heartland Brewery Union Square)Courteous staff, bedroom fine, clean and comfortableA couple of minor poiints:No tea/coffee making facilities and what size is a &quot;queensize&quot; - comfortable but a bit small?!I would have no hesitation in recommending a stay here.	
May 2 2006 	I've found a new hotel!	I've been staying at overpriced 'boutique' hotels in New York for years now and have up till now never been satisfied with them becuse of the rates I've been paying. I stayed at the Carlton because my usual accomodations were sold out and was absolutely delighted with what I found. The hotel was beautiful and the staff was wonderful. The young man at the door was particularly nice. I didn't have time to have dinner in their restaurant, but it was filled with people, so it seems popular. This all came at a rate about half of what I had been paying in the past. All in all, I've found a new hotel!	
May 1 2006	The Home I always wanted	As a result of work being done on my apartment, I had the pleasure of checking into the Carlton on Madison for almost one week. Besides shortening my commute (#6 Subway one block away), I was treated royally by the amazing staff at the Carlton. (My Co-op Doorman never made me feel so welcome!) After a quiet restful sleep, I started the day with an amazing Almond Crescent and coffee delivered to my room with the Newspaper. The opulent bathroom, wishes of a good-day on my way out and the wonderful vibe of this New York neighborhood made my time away from home a luxury vacation. Returning to the beautiful lobby after work, greeted by the Carlton Family, I was tempted plop down in one of the comfortable chairs, order a drink and soak in the energy of the space. Hmmm, maybe I should re-do the floors; that should give me about five more days of the good life at the Carlton!	
Apr 29 2006 	Great Time	I stayed at the Carlton and I thought it was a great hotel. The space is beautiful and the neighborhood has a lot of great restaurants. Staff was wonderful to everyone in my group. For the value it was excellent.	
Apr 27 2006	Best time ever in N.Y. thanks to the staff at the Carlton!!	Made us feel like Kings and Queens as soon as we stepped out of the cab in front of the hotel. Did not have a single complaint, price was very reasonable, room service was great and they even helped us get into a show that I did'nt even know about.We will be back next time we are in N.Y..Thanks Keep up the good work.	
Apr 24 2006	Great deal for Amazing design	Great price ($300) for a hotel with phenomenal design and service. Loved the restaurant and room service...staff was genuinely nice, now what I expected from a NYC hotel. Location was great for business, and close to the subway and walking distance to Union Square. Had a great dinner at Country and a great little Italian place called I Truilli. Nice neighborhood that seems to be on the rise.Would definitely return and have already recommended it to friends. The lobby is one of the most cleverly designed for a restored antique hotel.	
Apr 24 2006	Simply fantastic!	The Carlton on Madison Avenue proved to be an amazing get away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Having stayed at the Carlton before their recent renovations, I was pleasantly shocked when walking in the doors. They have recently added an entire restaurant and a lobby adorned with a waterfall and a restored Tiffany's glass dome! It was beautiful. The restaurant served meals that only a 5-star restaurant could provide, and the prices were fitting. The waitstaff was friendly and fast, and provided a pleasant dining experience.The rooms are extremely comfortable, and large for a NYC hotel, with beds that are so plush and comfortable it's like sleeping on a cloud! The rooms were kept clean and bathrooms were refilled every day. They were quiet and provided a great escape from the city's noise. I enjoyed the beautiful decor- it really made me feel at home. They are even stocked with a Bose iPod dock for us technological types who don't go anywhere without our iPods. I had forgotten my charger, and it saved the day!In addition, I found the employees to be friendly and accomodating. Check-in was quick and pleasant, and checking out was made simple by a program that you could access through the TV in your room.The location was perfect... in walking distance of the Empire State, Chrysler Building, Times Square, and Grand Central, and only a short cab ride from the major theatre districts and other sight-seeing areas. Overall, I loved the Carlton and plan on staying there again as soon as possible!!	
Apr 24 2006	Great Find!	I must have passed this place a thousand times in the past thirteen years that I have lived in New York, but never stopped to notice until my husband took me to Country for our anniversary dinner. The food was exceptional, but the service was simpley ok. We ended up staying for the night and I LOVE the hotel! The bed was more comfortable than my own! The pillow cases felt like satin on my face. The decor reminded me of a smaller, more modern Waldorf. The front desk person who checked us in was very friendly, i wish i had gotten her name, but the rest of the staff was great as well.	
Apr 24 2006	Wouldn't stay anywhere else!	This hotel is amazing. From the minute we walked in the door, I felt like a celebrity. The Carlton is absolutely beautiful, and the staff was so helpful at all times. Being from outside the city, it was perfect staying in a hotel with such wonderful staff. The rooms are beautiful, the service was impeccable, and I could've slept forever in those beds!! By far the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in, and I would recommend it to anyone!!	
Apr 24 2006	Woderful ambiance	The Carlton has done some fabulous renovations. The lobby is spectacular as are all the public rooms. We had a quiet room with super beds and other amenities. The location was just perfect for our nedds and the staff very helpful.	
Apr 24 2006	Loved it!	Beautiful property, the renovation was fantastic. The staff couldn't be more friendly and the lobby is amazing. We loved the food at Country as well. All in all, it's a great value - check it out before the secret gets out.	
Apr 20 2006	Pricey for overall quality	The classy but dark hall already gives an indication of what will follow in the rooms. We spent a total of three nights during Easter. We booked our rooms a month in advance and were left with a completely different choice as compared to our initial booking, including smoking rooms when we clearly indicated our preference for non smoking ones. The hotel has undergone a complete renovation, but the rooms are small and very dark. Moreover, we got bitten (in three different rooms) by insects, which turned out to be fleas. We indicated it to the management of the hotel, which was helpful enough to move us to a different room, but expressed its doubts concerning our experience with the hotel's hygiene. We might have been simply unlucky during a certainly busy holiday period in NYC, but it should be stated for the record and, hopefully, for greater improvement of the hotel's conditions. In addition, it is regrettable that the hotel staff aims at his/her own personal profit when assisting clients (got very different and misleading indications from the reception and the bellboy concerning transportation from hotel to JFK and ended up paying a difference of 20USD more!). Finally, in a hotel of such rate/category, it is a pitty that internet access is charged at a quite high price.	
Apr 13 2006 	Not very good for Business Travelers	Would not recommend this hotel for business travelers.As soon as you enter the hotel, there is a stairway down to the checkin desk. There is NO escalater or elevator to help you with your luggage down to the lobby.Each morning, I had to ask for a &quot;refill&quot; of the toiletries (shampoo, etc.). Housekeeping did not automatically replace the empty ones with full ones.The restaurant in the hotel had terrible service. It was definitely not worth the price.When checking out, I needed to leave my luggage with the bellhop until I returned later that day. It took at least 30 minutes before I ever got my luggage. If I did not mention that I needed to catch a train, I might still be waiting!I would not recommend this hotel.	
Apr 12 2006	Location Location Location	Spent 3 nights at the Carlton for my wifes 30th Birthday. Apon arrival was greeted and told that our room was ready , great news as we arrived in the morning and had only expected to drop off luggage.Room was small but clean and view from window was excellent. Clear view of the Empire State Building.After quick shower we walked (4 blocks!!) to the ESB and then onto Times Square etc.As we were only staying for a short while we didn't spend too much time at hotel but staff couldn't have been more helpful. The lobby is massive and if you want a quiet 5 mins take a seat and relax.Idea for travellers on a budget, get coffee etc from Dunkin Donuts on the corner before starting your day sightseeing.Final joy was when asking for taxi back to airport, they sorted a limo transfer!! All this cheaper that preset taxi fare $45 from airport.Would book again for next stay, planning to do so later in the year.	
Apr 12 2006	A flawed gem of a place	&quot;Characterful&quot; is a term euphemistically used something that's not quite up to scratch, but you can't help to forgive otherwise. The Carlton is such a thing.We stayed there 27th March to 2nd April and was impressed with how friendly and courteous the staff are without being obsequious. We found our room, a Deluxe Queen, on the 11th floor, to be adequate if a little on the small side; but having read reviews about NY hotels in general, I would probably say it was bigger than expected.Bathroom is nicely appointed, if very small for 2 people and some of the detailing wasn't quite what you'd expect from a place with such lavishly decorated public areas.I had breakfast once in the dining area and, being a former chef, can say that whatever comes out of that kitchen (I had a sneeky peek at dinner service...) would not disgrace a Michelin starred restaurant. It really is that good. The evening Prix Fixe menu at $85 per person for 3 courses + Petits Fours and coffee seems outstandingly good value!!!We ate in the Mexican (Ixta) on East 29th and the Chinese next door to that too. Wonderful places both and highly recommended. 28th Street subway is a 1 minute and there is a great deli on the left past the restaurant where we ate sausage (and cheese and egg for the missus) for a couple of bucks a piece. Magic!I would, and have(!!), recommended the Carlton and would definitely stay there again. Anthony, if you're reading this, your room's been sorted mate!!	
Apr 9 2006	Absolutely Fabulous	4th visit to NYC and by far the most comfortable and enjoyable - the hotel was fantastic and the service offered by the hotel staff was second to none.One thing which did let the hotel down was the restaurant. Had breakfast in there once and room service once and neither were a pleasant experience. My tip, don't waste your money in there!	
Apr 9 2006	Worth It	I live in New York but always try to find nice hotel rooms for a good price when my boyfriend comes to town. We stayed at the Carlton on Madison this time and it was worth the extra $40 above what I usually try to spend. I booked it on the hotel's website for $239 a night. We stayed in a regular room on the 6th floor (room 612). The bed was perfect, the furnishings were all very nice (dark wood, good condition), the bathroom was awesome but had a small shower with not so great water pressure. It was a little loud because of construction on the old church on 29th street. The room service is a must. The food is a little expensive, but so so good. It comes on a huge heavy wooden tray that we set in the middle of the bed. The only complaint is the front desk service. Upon checkout they screwed up our bill and are still trying to fix in in the computer. I don't understand what is going on there. Also, I asked for a bucket of ice and it took 3 phone calls to finally get it.	
Apr 6 2006	been there  going back	Stayed at the Carlton in Dec for 2 nights. Great location, nice cozy room with clean and pretty bathroom. Local coffee shop a block away is great! Italian restaurant across the street is decent if you get to NY late. Close to subway. Walk to good shops. Our room faced a trash pick up which was a bit loud. I wrote an email to them and the Hotel GM assistant wrote me back and apologized! WOW! We are going back this weekend to stay here again.Nice Personal touches in NY are rare.	
Apr 3 2006	Perfect place to stay	Me and my fiance had a five night stay from 28 March 06. Nice room, small (but adequate!)but what do you expect from Manhattan, anyway how much time do you spend in your hotel room? Beds and pillows are sooo comfortable. Excellent location, subway one block away, times sq 10-15 min most walk. Have a stroll to Union Square nice little places to eat there. Been to NY several times and will definetely stay here again. lovely bathroom. Mon-Sat a free newspaper is given to each room. A turn-down service is available. Concierge is very helpful and go out of their way to assist you. Perfect place to explore NYC.	
Mar 30 2006	Loved it	I would recommend this hotel to anyone....we stayed for 4 nights at the end of March.We had a lovely room on the 5th floor, it was a decent size and very clean and nicely decorated. The lobby is gorgeous. This was a real find!The hotel is in a good location...very close to Macy's and the Empire State Building. Be warned room service is very expensive (for a small glass of orange juice it cost us $10.15!!!).The staff were all friendly and helpful. Make use of the concierge service for booking airport transport etc.	
Mar 28 2006	Ideal spot	We stayed for 3 nights in March, with 5 other couples, our room was small and no view but clean and comfortable talking to our friends the rooms did seem to vary in size and a couple of rooms suffered from noisy air-con units but hey its just a base, the staff were very helpful and the hotel overall was very smart. The location is ideal only a 15 min walk to Times Sq. Breakfast @ Jimmy’s coffee shop 164 Madison Av was reasonably priced and good. The rock was fantastic, a must visit.	
Mar 27 2006	Loved the Carlton would definately return	We stayed at the Carlton for 10 days this March. The hotel was just as expected from the reviews I had read - no surprises, it was great. I have to agree with everyone that said the beds were comfortable - ours was the best i have ever slept on - so comfy and the pillows were just right, no bad neck ache like you normally get when sleeping away from home.The location of the hotel was great, not far from the empire state building and a 10-15 minute walk from Time Square - there was much less pedestrian traffic near the hotel which was a good thing. It was a great location, you could walk anywhere you want, the subway was close by - staff all friendly and helpful - I would definately recommend it to my friends and would return again if i go back to New York.	
Mar 26 2006	Location location location	Just got back from a 2 night stay. Hotel is in a PERFECT location and for those with a car you will find FREE street parking starting 7pm on Friday night thru Sunday. Well appointed small rooms, small bathrooms. Nit pick, no coffee makers, no q-tips, cotton balls, doodles left on the scratch pad, no turn down service, no paper under door,wrong bill delivered to my room, housekeeping walks in at 9am with my wife naked (TRY KNOCKING --) lots of little stuff that keeps this from a 5 star. Area is chock full of restaurants, coffee shop, wine store etc. In house restaurant 5 star. Fix the issues you have a 5 star, but this place is highly recommended still(from a travel agent who has spent of 4 years of his life in hotels/resorts/ships)	
Mar 22 2006	Loved the Carlton!	Myself and my boyfriend stayed in the Carlton in January for 4 nights. It was our first ever trip to New York so we took ages to pick a hotel. After reading reviews on here we booked a good deal with the Carlton and we totally loved it. We were able to walk everywhere from our hotel, and the staff were extremely helpful. Concierge booked New York Knicks tickets for us, airport transfers and made dinner reservations for us too. They recommended some fab places to visit, which was great since we were new to the city. The room was lovely and had a gorgeous bathroom. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in, which was great after a long day's sight-seeing and shopping! The hotel looks exactly like it does on the website - which is unusual! I have already recommended the hotel to friends who have booked up too. It can be hard to pick a hotel in New York since there are so many. Overall the Carlton provided us with everything we wanted - location, good price, modern decor etc and very helpful staff. On my next trip to NYC I will definitely be staying at the Carlton again.	
Mar 20 2006	Very nice Hotel	The beds are wonderful and the rooms are decorated very well. Great midtown location, the 6 subway train is a block away and will take you where you need to go either uptown to Grand Central Station or downtown to China Town and Soho. The W Y and R train is two blocks away on Broadway and will take you straight up to Time Square and John's Pizza which used to be on Bleeker Street it is a New York landmark as far as great pizza goes.The food and drinks at the Carlton are very high but I think that is the norm these days for nice Hotels in New York. I doubt seriously you could find a nice hotel in New York that had drink prices less than 10 bucks. My wife did have the best onion soup of her life down in the Restaurant Bar area.The Empire State building is a short walk away go here late around 11:00 pm to avoid the long lines. We went right up to the top no waiting on line for us.I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 17 2006	Fantastic!!	As much as I would like to keep this hotel a secret, it really is too good not to share. I have stayed in other hotels in NY but this place is the best, and fantastic value at the moment (fingers crossed it doesn't get too expensive!) The rooms are great and the staff are brilliant. We were there last weekend and had something special to celebrate on Saturday night. The concierge was able to get us 9pm dinner reservations at Two if by Sea no trouble at all...My only qualm has to do with the hotel restaurant (the downstairs, more casual, one). The food was good but the service was not so friendly, and we felt like we were rushed through dinner- however the atmosphere was very good as were the cocktails. It was very busy on a Monday night too so I recommend booking in advance.	
Mar 15 2006	The Carlton is Fantastic	We stayed at the Carlton for 4 fabulous nights in Manhattan. Everything about our stay was perfect from the helpful and friendly staff to the well-appointed rooms with the nicest smelling soaps and toiletries. The bed was absolutely luxurious with fluffy down comforter and plush sheets and pillows - the best night's sleep I ever had. We didn't get a chance to try the restaurant but every night it was packed and looked like a fun atmosphere. Great location too - right near Union Square and good shopping and dining options. Overall, a wonderful hotel.	
Mar 13 2006	Carlton Hotel was perfect!	We went to the Carlton on March 10 for 2 nights for my 40th birthday, having never been to NY before. Wow! What a lovely hotel, just like it appears on their website, beautiful lobby, very friendly and helpful staff, (Stephen the doorman - what a great guy! Missing you already!!) We stayed in room 719, no view, but fairly quiet. Very comfy bed, lovely bedding, lovely bathroom, good sized room, spotlessly clean, huge tv set, big wardrobe, good hairdryer, room safe, everything you need for a comfortable stay. But we were literally only in the room to sleep. On the doorstep are several nice deli/diners - try cafe 28 for breakfast, very nice - just round the corner. Empire State Building was a 5 minute walk, we went on saturday morning at 8.30am and went straight up to the top, no queues - fantastic - the weather was sunny and REALLY warm which was great! Central Park is lovely, we did a carriage ride which we really enjoyed, only $40 and well worth it. Lots of sunbathers in bikinis, thats how warm it was! Felt very safe even at night on quieter streets, subway during the day was fine, we took cabs the rest of the time as we wanted to look around and soak up the atmosphere. Canal Street good for a laugh with all the fake designer stuff. New York Public Library very beautiful inside - we went there as we are film buffs and wanted to see it as it was featured in The Day After Tomorrow. All in all, we had a ball! The people were very friendly, helpful, warm - best birthday I ever had! Would thoroughly recommend the Carlton to anyone. Enjoy....	
Mar 8 2006	Fabulous fabulous!!	We stayed at the Carlton for 7 nights at the end of Feb and without any previous knowledge of the districts of New York, this is certainly a gorgeous and a much more quieter place to stay than other hotels people have suggested. I would certainly describe this place as a 'boutique' hotel, with only a small number of rooms but without sacrificing the granduer that so many other small hotels forget. You definetly get the 5-star treatment here; from the fabulous lobby to the unbelievable in-room dining menu...(too expensive for us but my mouth was watering just reading it)...this hotel looks like something plucked straight out of SoHo.The prices are still fairly reasonable for what you get here - our rooms weren't the size of a shoe box and the beds are to die for! My only complaint is the sound proofing of the windows. We had a room facing Madison Ave and with the thin glass, we could hear every last cab and person laughing as they walked past at 3am. Maybe that was more to do with the fact that we were only on the 2nd floor but if you are a sensitive sleeper, it is something to consider. Otherwise simply fabulous - staff are gorgeous and so is this little gem of a hotel!	
Feb 28 2006	LOVED THE PLACE!	Fantastic Hotel with Excellent Staff, stayed for 4 nights at end of Feb 2006, Customer Service was first class throughout the entire stay.On 2nd day, my girlfriend went down with flu and they bent over backwards to look after us, Can't sing their praises highly enough. Location is Excellent Location and decent walking distance to Empire State, Macy's, Times Square.Room was immculate, food was delightful, overall fantastic hotel.	
Feb 3 2006	Comfy and Classy	The Carlton is a wonderful oasis in the middle of the hustle and bustle of NYC. When you enter the hotel, you'll enter a soothing and relaxing lobby that is accessible down a flight of stairs. Very classy decor and very comfortable to just sit and watch the people go by. The &quot;Country&quot; restaurant is a new addition. Although we didn't eat there, we toured the lounge area in the evening and it was quite busy with a very trendy crowd enjoying the atmosphere.The staff was extremely accommodating. I had a slight problem with the drain in the sink not closing properly and it was taken care of almost instantly. The bedroom (I had asked for a king bed and received an upgrade at check in) was very comfortable and fairly spacious. Not a lot of room to hang clothes in the armoire, but good enough for a long weekend stay. The bathroom was an ample size with nice toiletries. Although the decor of the room was lovely, there didn't seem to be any where convenient to place the ice bucket and mix some drinks, so we had to use the counter in the bathroom.Another nice plus...you can open the windows to get some fresh air if your room is a little too warm when you arrive. The bedding was wonderful...comfortable mattress with a duvet covering and very soft pillows. I would recommend this hotel if you don't want to be in the Times Square area, but you would like to explore the area just south of the Empire State Building and below. The subways were either about a block away (the 4-5-6 lines) or three blocks to the N-W-Q (I think that's right). Subway Metro passes are $24 for a week's stay. We found this the way to go because we used the subways a lot and it costs $2.00 a shot. So we used a week's worth in the space of a weekend. Of course, if you planned to cab it, it's in a fine location for that, too.Also, we went to &quot;The Today Show&quot; and read somewhere that you needed to get there at 5:30 am for the 7:00 am show to get a good place. We arrived at 7:05 am and had no problem getting behind the barricades and seeing ourselves waving on TV (of course, this was at the end of January; I imagine that the warmer months call for getting there pretty early). Also got to shake Al's hand and see Katie and Matt upclose. There are NBC photographers that will take your picture, and you can go online and order them for about $15 for an 8x10. This is the 2nd year I've gone to NYC in the winter and have had a blast. There are usually good deals on special restaurant menus, great availability of show tickets, and great rates on hotel rooms. And this year the temperature was in the mid to upper 50s!	
Jan 31 2006	Amazing! Great deal wonderful service Beautiful hotel!	I found a great deal through a posting on the TripAdvisor forum, and my boyfriend and I stayed 3 nights at this amazing hotel. The location was ideal for us - we're a fit couple in our early/mid 20s, and we walked everywhere from this hotel. The service was outstanding, recommending great places to eat in SoHo, upgrading our room without hesitation, and just really pleasant to chat to. There was a great cafe-type resturant on 28th street that was wonderful for breakfast (scrambled eggs on crossant, or grilled cheese w/ tomato were our fav's.)We didn't order room service (was very expensive), but they were happy to show us exactly where the closest starbucks was (there were 2 within about 5 minutes!) Also, the subway was literally across the street, with main terminals for connecting trains only a couple of stops away.I have only great things to say about this beautiful jem! Cheers, Jane	
Jan 27 2006	Lovely Hotel!	We stayed at the Carlton for a week over New Year and it was lovely (especially the Xmas tree!). Our room was lovely, massive bed! The staff were very friendly and helpful. We did not eat in the hotel because we were always on the go but the restaurant looked very nice.There is a nice deli to the left of the hotel which is open all hours!Have recommended the Carlton to friends and would definitely go back.	
Jan 11 2006	Couldn't have been better	My family spent xmas is NYC. We arrived 12/24 and spent 6 nights. The staff, from the bellman to the front desk and housekeeping couldn't have been more friendly and accomodating. The room was so very well worth the money spent and bathroom spacious. We did have plans to stay at the Paramount and after reading reviews of how tiny the rooms where feel very fortunate to have read reviews of the Carlton and stayed at this location. The hotel is also very convenient to 2 different subway lines, so getting around is easy. Close to Macy's and other shopping. We had a great view of the Empire State Bldg from our room which put us in a great frame of mind for feeling like we where really in NYC. I would highly recommend a stay here and will most definitely look for a room here first when going back.	
Jan 11 2006	Fantastic Place	Great Place, very swish, Good location, staff great.Expensive to eat or drink in hotel but apart from that no problems.Large rooms, comfy beds, would stay again!	
Dec 12 2005 	Brilliant! Book there now!	Stopped in NY overnight and was on my own and can honestly say this hotel was one of the best I have ever stayed in. The staff were so friendly and helpful as I was in the city for very short time. The hotel has a fabulous location, I had an amazing view of the Empire State building (which was lit up at night). On arrival (about 6pm) I went straight on to 5th Ave and did all the shops, Rockafella centre, Trump tower. Once all the shops closed I went up the Empire SB (no queues at night)and then walked back to the hotel (it was about 10pm, felt perfectly safe)had a bite to eat in the hotel restaurant, which was very nice and was buzzing.Consigere was very good, and I was out of the hotel by 7.30am and on the subway (again perfectly safe)I managed to see Battery Park, Statue of Liberty, World Trade Centre site, a good browse around 21st Century (brillant cheap department store opposite wtc), subway up to central park off at the Dakota Building, walked through central park (past ice skating rink), Times Square, Broadway and back to hotel by 2pm!!!! The hotel called me taxi and I slept all the way back to UK! The room in the hotel was fine, the bathroom was gorgeous and I think I paid about £130, which was reasonable for a New York hotel. Wouldn't hesistate to stay here again.	
Dec 6 2005	loved the carlton !	just returned from 4 nights at the carlton , a gorgeous hotel about 4 blocks form the empire state building .on arrival we had booked a twin room , but ended up with a large room with 1 king size bed , and a roll out , which suprisingly was extreamly comfy . the bathroom was slightly small but very well equipt and had a power shower which was great after a busy day out ! the hotel itself is recently refurbished and looks it ! very impresive entry lobby and well furnished rooms . our only gripe was no tea or coffee making facilites in room . we ordered from room sevice ( only once ! ) $14 for a coffee and hot chocolate , including $5 to deliver to the room !! my tip ? dunkin donnuts is next door ! we saw plenty of people bringing in their drinks from next there . the hotel itself is in a good location on 29th street , just slightly away from the chaos of central manhatten but within walking distance to times square ( approx 15 mins ) a highly recomended hotel with helpful and polite staff, just avoide room service !	
Dec 1 2005	A hotel is only as good as its staff -	Reservations staff are absolutely hopeless. Took days to get a reply to emails. Was quoted a rate which they then changed their minds on and decided to almost double hours later. Would not honour their original rate quote and acted like they could not have cared less. Puts me off wanting to go near the place - surely New York can do better than this?	
Nov 29 2005	Warm and cozy	The Carlton on Madison Avenue is very elegant and cozy. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The accomodations were very clean and comfortable. The location is very convenient to subway or walk to nearby sites. We really loved this hotel! Note: We got the best rate from the hotel website itself and were surprised to get a free upgrade when we arrived.	
Nov 28 2005 	Will Defineately Stay here again	My Boyfriend and I have stayed in NY several times. The last two times have been at the Gramercy Hotel in the Gramercy Park area of NY. We loved that hotel, but on this trip they were closed due to a renovation. We found the Carlton on Madison Ave by luck. I don't know what it had looked like before the renovation, but it is Gorgeous now. The lobby has a giant waterfall when you first come in, the celings are high and the decore was done extreemely well. The rooms are small, but that is part of the New York way. Even so, they are so cozy that I felt like we were returning home every night. I will plan to stay here the next time we visit.	
Nov 22 2005	Lovely not ideal for theaters	This hotel was lovely - the rooms were spacious, and the front desk upgraded us to an Empire State bldg. view and a junior suite. I would recommend requesting a Madison Ave. view until the construction is done on 29th, though. We enjoyed seeing the Empire State bldg. lit up at night, but the construction site was a bit noisy and cluttered on the street.The hotel staff was extremely courteous and friendly, especially concierge. I would highly recommend using them for everything, including dinner reservations. They made great suggestions and had our theatre tickets waiting for us. I always felt safe and the bellmen were wonderful at hailing cabs. However, we went to the theatre two nights and though we took cabs from the hotel with no problem, it's nearly impossible to find a cab for on the way back. It could have been the time of year, though, since the city is extremely crowded now.The hotel is located in what seems to be primarily a residential neighborhood, which means that you have alot of amenities at your fingertips. There's a deli next door to the hotel, a Dunkin' Donuts/TacoBell two doors down, a pharmacy a block over, and many little shops and eateries within a couple of block radius.Here are some of my recommendations: Scopa restaurant across the street for a quick inexpensive breakfast ($1.75 for two eggs and toast); Les Halles French restaurant about a block and a half away, but get there before 6:30 as it gets crowded; and the hotel restaurant has wonderful food for a price. Also, if you are going to Radio City Music Hall, there's a restaurant about a half block away called Stella Osteria that has delicious Italian food with a pre-theatre menu for $30.00. It has a beautiful atmosphere for a very small price, and the serving sizes are more than adequate.I highly recommend using the double-decker bus for touring. They pick up at the Empire State bldg, which is about a 4 block walk, and take you through Grennwich Village, SoHo, the Ground Zero site, Ellis Island, etc., on up to Central Park and Times Square, with hop-on, hop-off service. So you can use the bus as a transportation service and just get on and off at will. They run every 15 minutes or so, and the tour guides give fascinating information about the city while you ride the bus. The upper deck was cold this time of year, but the view of the street can't be beat. It was more than worth the price - $49 for two days, which includes other loops through Harlem and Brooklyn, and a nighttime loop.	
Nov 15 2005	Loved this Hotel !!	This hotel is fantastic. The room was spacious, clean and with an amazing uninterrupted view of the Empire State Building out of the window which is only 2 blocks away. The staff were friendly and couldn't help us anymore. Right in the middle of Manhattan and with two Subway stations within a 5 minute walk it’s a perfect base to explore New York from. A great place to stay and if we go back to New York we’ll be staying here again.	
Oct 31 2005	Excellent Hotel	Staying at the Carlton was a real pleasure.The staff were very friendly and helpful. Hotel rooms and bathrooms spacious, very comfortable and well furnished.The location of the hotel was ideal, being a couple of blocks from the Flat Iron and a few blocks away from the Empire State Bulding.My husband and I could not fault this hotel and our 18 and 16 year olds also found it ideal.Only drawback - drinks were expensive at the bar. Would have no hesitation in returning or recommending.	
Oct 31 2005	Discovered and Loved the Carleton on Madison Ave	We had booked a hotel on line before discovering Trip Advisor. Read the frightening reviews of the &quot;Hotel from Hell&quot;- (West Side Inn) so cancelled and started looking again. Found a review in the Conde Nast traveller recommending the Carelton at 88 Madison Ave. so we booked it -- rates $239.  The lobby is gorgeous (very recently renovated), the staff extraordinarily polite, and the room in beautiful condition - not large, but more than adequate and the bathroom was superb. It's all been renovated in the recent past, is immaculately clean, and a pleasure to visit. The location seemed to be a bit far from where we were meeting friends for theatre and dinner, but it's just a block from the Lexington Ave. 28th St. subway station, and we connected to Times Square in less than 15 minutes. We go to New York for the weekend a couple of times a year, and will definitely return to the Carleton.	
Sep 29 2005	Beautiful Hotel	We stayed at this hotel recently. The lobby is very inviting. The staff was very helpful and friendly, especially the bell hops. Our room was small, especially the bathroom but very comfortable and beautifully decorated. The attention to detail (ceiling molding and door casements) were much appreciated. The beds and pillows were very comfortable. Our friends had a much larger room but did not have a view of the Empire State Building as we did. We were on the 9th floor. I never heard any hallway noise, and I'm a light sleeper, but did hear the occasional car horn outside. We somewhat missed not having access to the restaurant/bar which is soon to be opened. We were told to go across the street to Scopa for a drink, but they were clearing up for the night (10:00) so they did not want us to sit at a table. Breakfast at the Coffee Shop on Madison and 28th was good value. Dano on 5th was good for lunch or dinner. The $70 million spent on upgrading this hotel was well spent. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 28 2005 	Nice but not quite there yet	Stayed one night at the Carlton, Monday Sept. 26th. Arrived late to a very friendly staff. They couldn't have been nicer and I felt very much made welcome. The lobby is gorgeous. I couldn't wait to try out the restaurant. Went up to the room; nice fluffy comforter, perfect space, free wireless. However, no fluffy robe as promised, and the room's refrigerator wasn't programmed to open. Not only that, but the restaurant wasn't open to the public because they were still testing the menu. So, the great-smelling food was not available. Had to run around the corner to Cafe28 (which has EXCELLENT food) and get dinner and a yogurt for breakfast. The only ice machine in the building is on the first floor. Unfortunately, my room was on the 11th. In the elevator on the way down to get ice (with the ice bucket from my room), I was treated as if I were the maid by a group of English tourists. When I told them I was a guest, they commented that I wasn't dressed as a guest should be. I guess I should have worn the tiara down to the ice machine.Anyway, good room, slightly pricey for what you get. When this place gets the WHOLE megilla together, it will be a great place to stay (but pricey for those on a budget).	
Sep 26 2005	Great night at the Carlton!	The lobby was stunning. We arrived after 8pm....there were candles on the lobby steps, the music was nice, the lighting was perfect. The room was very handsome....clean, well decorated, comfortable beds with soft down bedding and lots of pillows. The room was a deluxe double and fairly small. (room 1037). It was an inside room and wonderfully QUIET. We did not hear hallway noise nor street noise. We still had a view of the upper stories of the Empire State Building and enjoyed its lit-up nightime view. I have stayed in much larger rooms at the Waldorf and the Rihga, but the price was good and much more handsome of a hotel.	
Sep 23 2005 	Nice hotel	Nice hotel. Great location, easy access to the underground (on Broadway). The bathrooms were clean and very nice (marble everywhere). Wireless internet is FREE and very fast. To access the wireless network you need to open the browser and only then will the computer connect to the network and open the hotel website. Just click on the &quot;I Agree&quot; button and you are ready to go! The staff were very nice and helpful.During the day there were signs of construction . . . lots of banging on the 11th floor.	
Sep 20 2005	Great Stay at the Carlton	We stayed at the Carlton for 4 nights in September and were v impressed. The lobby is great, staff very friendly and it looks like the refurb is almost completed. Rooms nicely appointed quiet and comfortable, small but this is what I would expect in NY! Don't worry there is still plenty of room to store away all the bargain shopping! We loved the location, best place for breakfast is the Coffee Shop on 71 Irving Place, just off Gramercy park, but don't tell everyone as it is hard enough to get a table as it is!!	
Sep 19 2005	I Loved this Place	I have had some problems in the past booking hotels that are unfimilair, so when I booked my reservation for the Carlton I just knew I was in for a surprise. And boy was I surpised. What a gorgeous hotel. They are just finalizing a remodeling project, but it was still goegeous. The staff was very friendly, evident from when we first arrived. Our room was very clean very modernn and very spacious. At first there was a small mix up with our room, so we were upgraded to a suite. Soon they will have a restuarant, so we didn't actually taste any food, but I beleive they were testing the menu so everynight the lobby would have this delictable aroma. I look forwared to returning to The Carlton on Madison for my next visit.	
Sep 11 2005	Great hotel!	Great hotel in a great location. The hotel remodeling is mostly done, with work currently occuring mostly in the restaurant area and exterior. The location is on 29th and Madison, about one block north and one block west of the subway station. The rooms have recently been remodeled and are very nice and clean, although on the small side. We did have some issues checking in, but the front desk was very helpful in holding our bags on our last day. Overall, I would highly recommend the Carlton.	
Jul 31 2005	the lobby is done!	After insisting to our travelling companions that despite renos, the Carlton was the place we wanted to stay for our first time, 5 day adventure to New York. Yes, I had read the reviews that the lobby was under construction but was quite horrified to find a tiny drywalled space for checking in. However, we were very thrilled to hear that the brand new lobby would be opening the very next day. It was quite an improvement, to say the least! Elegant but understated, a cool (literally !) place to escape the heat of the New York pavement. The architecture books in the lobby were a nice touch. Unfortunately, the lobby bar and restaurant are a few months from completion, but will undoubtedly match the decor and ambience that the rest of the hotel has. Our room was small, but nicely appointed. No A/C troubles at all.My only complaint would be that the maid didn't vacuum daily. We also had a bit of difficulty finding local places to hang out for a drink at night, but would recommend Ixta (Mexican) down 29th and Houston's on 28th. Scopa (across the street) was handy but pricey. The 28th street cafe was a handy place for breakfast and is actually open 24/7.We loved NYC-what an exciting place! We were a bit worried about the location but many things were within walking distance and the subway was also very handy and not at all intimidating! (this coming from 4 40ish folks from the Fraser Valley area in British Columbia!) We would love to go back again!	
Jul 24 2005	Loved it!!!!!	We just got back from NYC. I had originally planned to stay in a different hotel, but switched after reading the scary reviews. The Carlton ROCKS!The lobby is under renovation, but wh sits around a lobby in NYC. The rooms we immaculate. The bathroom was beautiful old schoo marble, but not SO old school as to be in disrepair. The beds were SOOO comfortable and the feather comforters were a nice touch. It was SOOOO quiet, we didn't feel like we were sleeping in mid-yowm Manhattan. Will stay there again for SURE!	
Jul 12 2005	A Great Hotel - Thanks to TripAdvisor	&quot;Thanks to TripAdvisor&quot; - We did not have much time to plan for our trip to New York &amp; fortunately we came across this fantastic website. The Carlton Hotel was everything we wanted &amp; were thrilled with our twin bedded room on the 10th floor overlooking 29th street, with a view of the Empire State Building. The bed linen was lovely, crisp white duvet covers &amp; sheets changed daily, with great pillows on the beds which smelt fresh!! We were apprehensive about large city noises, but had a great sleep each night (6) &amp; heard no disturbance at all. Our room was directly opposite the lift, which had a marble floor on exiting the lift, once again we heard nothing!! We were in New York in the middle of June, the weather was hot, each evening the temperature in our room was fantastic, thanks to the A/C!!The bathroom was great, just enough room with a good size handbasin &amp; marble top vanity. Ample good white towels changed daily.We found great restaurants nearby for evening meals &amp; had our tasty breakfast each morning @ Cafe 28 just around the corner.We would recommend this hotel &amp; would definately return. The management were proud of the refurbishment which the hotel had gone through although the new reception area &amp; restaurant were not completed it will be very smart when it is completed!!	
Jul 9 2005	Great Location Nice Room....that's about it	Just got back from New York, stayed at The Carlton for 7 nights. Lobby is under renovation but did not really mind it, what I did mind was when our toilet failed to flush, no hot water for almost 2 days and the AC was so weak it was almost blowing warm air instead of cold. The other review is so right, the staff likes to blame the last shift for the crises that was left unresolved. Apologies were slim pickings, one front desk personnel looked at me like I had 5 heads while I was telling them the problem in my room. He looked like it was a normal thing that happens everyday and my complaints are a puzzle to him. I thought maybe its just a new yorkers attitude but caught myself...I used to live in New York! I don't think I would pick The Carlton again, I was not expecting a four seasons treatment, all I wanted was a working bathroom and a working AC! Too bad, the hotel is in such a great location.	
Jun 29 2005	Promising	Visted this New York hotel during the Macy's Thanksgiving Day last November with a large group. We spent three nights.I found the hotel in an ideal location for sightseeing. Small but very clean rooms.Comfortable beds.But the hotel was in the middle of extensive renovations, so the exceptionally small lobby, elevator, and other public areas were not for the claustrophobic.When the renovations are finished, this should be a great place to stay, but we will probably witness an increase in cost. Reasonable at present (for NYC).Good value at present, even with the incoveniences due to construction.Would book again.	
Jun 21 2005	Reviews do not always tell the facts	Dear Sir,After reading your various reviews I decided to stay at the Carlton Hotel in New York, for eight nights, but it did not meet with the reviewers reports I had read.To begin with we had booked and prepaid some 12 weeks early &quot; a quiet room&quot; and ended up in Room 911, right outside the lifts and the room besides being noisy was very compact. Plus traffic noise was loud, punctuated by car horns and general noise. The next morning we were moved to another room, which was tastefully decorated, but maybe coming from Cape Town, I expected too much but again traffic noise, left one with far too little restful sleep.With no restaurant due to renovations, we were pleased to find many excellent little restaurants close by at reasonable prices.Our room had no tea/coffee making facilities which is a must for us, and the hotel was not prepared to assist, due to renovations. Also rooms were made up generally aftter 3PM one day they forgot altogether !For us the last time at the Carlton Hotel, while the staff were friendly overall we have stayed at other hotels where the &quot;value for money&quot; was infinitely better.	
Jun 15 2005	Tasteful decor at a reasonable price	TOPLINE: The Carlton features tasteful modern decor in NYC-sized rooms at a reasonable price ($250 in June). Location on 29th and Madison is within 30 blocks of every major sight in Midtown, but lacks dining options outside of Scopa (Italian restaurant on 28th and Madison). I recommend checking in as early as possible to ensure that you receive the room of your liking as well as test the AC if you visit in summer. The lobby construction did not play a part in our stay. If you're wondering, my wife and I are in our twenties and traveled to the City to shop, dine and enjoy the summer.My wife and I stayed at the Carlton during the height of NYC's June heat wave. Our only criticism of the staff or room was the fact that we pre-registered for a non-smoking room at noon and received a smoking room with a non-operating TV at 5:30. We asked to switch rooms and were moved to the ninth floor in a suitable non-smoking room, with a working TV - but with weak Air conditioning. We essentially had to pick between smoking, TV and AC. Upon contacting the front desk before going out for the evening, I was assured that the problem had been fixed. Unfortunately, it seems as though my choice of non-smoking left me without AC. If you encounter this problem, I suggest closing the bathroom door.Some TripAdvisor reviews mentioned the room size, and I can confirm that they are no more than 150 square feet. However, request a room with two beds to give yourself a little more space (at least to store your luggage).	
May 28 2005	Does the job!	I lived in NYC many years ago. My friend and I were in town to revisit old haunts and sightsee. The hotel was undergoing renovations but that didn't bother us. For tourists, this is a great hotel. There were many Europeans guests staying at this hotel. For hotels in the same price range - this seemed like a good choice.We were upgraded to a suite - surprise! The bathroom was huge - shower and bath! Look out the window and up - an unobstructed beautiful view of the Empire State Building! Location is pretty ideal - subway close by and walking distance to many sights. However, there aren't many good restaurants near by - but you should travel for good restaurants anyways. They have free Pete's coffee and tea in the morning.Service was ok - we had a shortage of towels and it took housekeeping a long time to come up. Their temporary lobby is a little sad and the staff seems to be a little frazzled.Room itself (suite - basically sitting room and then another room with the beds) was good. Furnishings were new but the sitting room looked a little bare. I was annoyed a little at hearing our neighbors in the morning - but this happens at most hotels.All in all, if you are in NYC to tour, then this may be a good fit for you. There aren't any amenities (the &quot;gym&quot; was a few machines in an empty room) and it's not luxurious. Maybe after renovations it'll be a different story. The rate was high for what you get out of it but it is NYC so keep your expectations in check.	
May 27 2005	Great room crap service... would stay again	Our room was wonderful... very quiet, very clean. Hot shower, excellent bed. Nothing wrong there.Be warned, the staff acts like they are temporary and aren't much help. Carlton is tremendously understaffed for a place that is always booked. One bellman for a very busy Saturday morning. Things were nuts and there wasn't really much of a good plan to accomodate all active flow of customers.Took over an hour to get our car from the valet service after being promised a fifteen minute wait. (Turns out nobody called it in.) Nobody was gracious about it or very apologetic. They seemed content to blame each other at the front desk. I've heard prices will go up once construction is finished. Here's hoping they can pull their staff together after that.It was a great bed, great shower, good location.And now that I know what the staff is like, I'd actually stay there again.	
May 23 2005	Renovations schmenovations--this one's a keeper	I'd booked the Carlton as a cancellable backup in case I couldn't get anything through Priceline and after staying there, I am SOOOO glad Priceline didn't work out. The Carlton is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in in New York.Yes, it's undergoing renovations, most of which seems to be confined to the ground and first floors plus areas right next to the elevators on several floors. And yes, the 9th floor full bed room my partner and I stayed in was small, but I've stayed in smaller rooms at the Super 8 and Red Roof Inn and it was perfect for two. What sets this above the rest is the plushness of the rooms-white and gold with thick white comforters, plenty of pillows, two armoires and a bathroom with the same color scheme, ample, fluffy towels and a magnifying mirror that lets you see every last pore whether you want to or not. The room was immaculate except for one tiny detail we didn't comes across until we were packing to leave ourselves--a pair of Calvin Klein socks in the back of one of the armoires that didn't belong to either of us. They made a quick date with the garbage can.The front desk stuff was very friendly and efficient, making a great stay even better.	
May 22 2005	the Carlton is amazing!!!	Before our first trip to New York City, I reviewed hotels with trip advisor...needless to say I was a bit scared of staying in new york with a hotel less than $400...then we found the Carlton!! The Carlton was wonderful!!! The Carlton was an amazing deal...around $200 USD. The rooms were exactly as pictured on the website. The hotel room was CLEAN (and I am very picky), a nice tan and white decor with wood accents and the bathrooms were spectacular (marble countertops and marble shower/bath). The room had wonderful windows and beautiful roman blinds for privacy. The staff was extreamly helpful (allowing us to check our bags because we arrived before check-in, so we could start touring...AND allowing us to do the same after we checked-out because our flight was later at night). The hotel location was perfect....very close to the Empire State Building, 5th Avenue, Penn Station, Time Square...all in walking distance. The lobby of the hotel was still under construction--but who cares!!!... We would suggest the Carlton anytime you are going to New York!!!!!	
May 12 2005 	Loved The Carlton!	My husband and I just returned from a 4 night stay at The Carlton in New York and thought it was a fantastic hotel for the price. We were given an excellent room that was spacious, clean and comfortable. The service was great and the staff went out of their way to help answer any questions we had. My husband is a light sleeper so we were a little nervous about the noise from the renovations but we were not at all disturbed by any noise whatsoever. The location is also fantastic and close to anywhere you want to go. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone and will definitely stay there again on my next visit to New York.	
Apr 29 2005	Never again thanks!	Stayed here for 5 nights in April. We booked a superior room through Expedia and due to a problem with the plumbing and an overflowing toilet we asked to move and were amazed to find that we were then downgraded to the smallest room I have ever stayed in in my life, and coming from England that says something!!!! The noise from the construction was incredibly loud and started before 7.30am. The reception staff weren't particularily friendly or helpful and there was no safe in the room despite assurances in the in-room literature. I would not stay at this hotel again and due to the fact we booked through an agency I don't feel they treated well at all.	
Apr 27 2005	Great price great location	We stayed at The Carlton Hotel in mid-town Manhattan for 3 nights (April 20th to the 23rd). The staff were friendly and courteous even offering a recommedation for a nearby restaurant which was much appreciated after a long day of travel. Our room was moderately priced, clean, comfortable, and a good size. The location of the hotel was perfect and the area was safe. The hotel is mid-town which gives you easy to access whatever part of town you want to visit whether by foot, subway or taxi. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York. We sure enjoyed our first trip to New York! A sincere thank you to the staff at The Carlton for making our trip an even more enjoyable one.	
Apr 27 2005 	LOve It Stay there often	What can you say? A great Hotel, Great Staff very attentive to your needs. Once the remodelling is done is will be the hotel to stay in. I travel to NYC every month and stay there eveytime and have never had a bad experience.	
Apr 13 2005	family friendly	Have just returned from 5 days at the Carlton with husband and 2 [young teenage] children. All was great, including polite, helpful service [despite inconvenience for them of reduced reception area and lack of dining-room]. We were checked in quickly [no lost booking] and settled in with an unwell daughter, to our lovely, quite spacious room. All very clean, lovely beds and linen, beautiful bathroom, and everything we needed. Felt safe to leave daughter in soft bed, watching big T. V. whilst we went for a quick explore. Very central, near plenty of restaurants [went to Danos across the street in 5th ave 3 times], and very near Empire State [which, as requested, we had a great view of from our window]. I was anxious, having read some of the other reviews, but was relieved and impressed once we were there. The scaffolding that remains is only on the ground floor, and made very little difference to anything.	
Mar 30 2005	First time visitor to New York great value hotel!	I stayed at the Carlton over Thanksgiving with my boyfriend for just over a week. I have to admit when I saw the lobby I was rather scared (a little bit dump-ish, they are currently constructing a new lobby so this is a temporary arrangement). The lift is absolutely ancient but I have to say the rooms were impressive.The linen is absolutely stunning and the fixtures are gorgeous. The room has a mix of &quot;old world charm&quot; about it (particularly in the bathrooms). Whilst there are no refridgerators, there are ice machines in the lobby and a bucket in your room. The rooms are small-ish (but this is New York!) but you do have a small desk, a TV with a variety of channels and a big closet. The bathroom features a large-ish shower with nice toiletries but no bath.The porters were quite rude and disinterested but the front desk staff more than compensated that by being absolutely wonderful! They advised us how to get cheaper Broadway tickets (good ol' ticket lottery!) and some good little eating spots around the area.For cheap take-out to the restaurant check out Bella Napoli (the menu can be found in the room) which does some pretty decent Italian fare. For something a little more pricey, Ixta around the corner does some nice tequila!I felt very safe at this hotel and it is only 6 blocks to 34th Street (where the action starts!) and only a quick walk to the 29th Street subway station. It is also a very clean hotel, the staff should be praised.I believe we paid around $120 a night with expedia and I felt we got a really good deal. Can't wait to come back and see the improvements at this hotel!	
Mar 29 2005	A total Gem !	We stayed in this hotel late last year and it was brilliant. Great Location, very friendly staff, very clean room with an excellent view of the Empire State all in all a good experience. Yes the lobby is being renovated and it did say so when we booked so we expected it. The fact that you had to out for breakfast was not a hardship at all as most people do this I suspect when they visit the Big Apple !I would recommend this to anyone.	
Mar 29 2005 	One of the best kept secrets!	I stayed at The Carlton from March 24 to March 27. The cost was reasonable and the room was beautiful and extremely clean. I slept beautifully in room 833 and it was far from the noise of the city and still had a nice view of the skyscrapers around the hotel. The hotel is very accessible to the subway and in walking distance to so much in the town. I encourage anyone who is hesitating to please go and give it a try. It's well worth it.	
Mar 27 2005	Scary Lobby/Nice Room	We were just down from upstate NY for the night and were very pleased with our room. We had severe misgivings upon arrival as the lobby is really not in good shape at all. Once we arrived at our floor (We were in room 620.) we were relieved to see newly redecorated curving hallways. Our room had a beautiful bowed window and a great marble bathroom. The Frette linens were another nice plus. The slight negatives were: still no fridge in the room - although this is supposed to be coming, and the whole bellman/doorman thing is chaotic and just generally not well organized. We got a reduced rate through a last minute reservation service, so we feel we received real value for the money.	
Mar 21 2005	Don't judge a book by its cover	Located at Madison &amp; 29th, this hotel is undergoing a multi-million $ renovation. So, scaffolding covers the exterior of the building and there are construction evidences in the lobby and other places. However, the ROOMS are newly renovated, nicely appointed and very comfortable. True, they are smaller than some older hotel rooms, but they are large enough. During the construction, the restaurant is closed and so there is no room service. However, a great delivery menu is provided. I highly recommend the speed and pricing of Cafe 28, a nice deli/grocery store nearby that delivered most meals in under 20 minutes!!	
Mar 21 2005	Very nice	We stayed for 9 nights and had no major problems. The elevator was out of order for a few hours one night but that was no big problem. The room was always clean and the staff was helpful and professional. I'd have no problem staying here again.	
Mar 18 2005	An enjoyable stay at the Carlton	We have just returned from our trip to NYC and our stay at the Carlton Hotel was great. Despite the hotel undergoing renovation there was very little noise or disruption. The rooms were a good size, clean and very comfortable. The staff were always helpful and even insisted on moving us to a suite because there was a problem with our heater even though we were perfeclty happy with our room The hotel is in a fairly good area with a few bars, restaurants, cafes and shops nearby. Empire State building and Macy's literally 5 minutes walk away. There are several subway stations for different lines also closeby which we used all the time. The only downside was no restaurant/bar due to renovations. However this was probably reflected in the room rate which was very reasonable for New York.	
Mar 17 2005	The worm in The Big Apple	I stayed here once, not a great stay. I checked my bags so that I could play for the day and when I came back, they had put my bags on a bus to Canada with a tour group. They were no help in getting it back. I actually had to get an attorney to make some phone calls to the manager. My luggage was eventully returned to the hotel and I had to go back to NYC to pick it up (I live at Exit 1 on NJ Turnpike) because they wouldn't ship it. When I went back for the luggage, I wanted to speak w/the manager and he wouldn't see me. As I was getting ready to leave I heard him paged to the desk so I waited for him. We had a rather heated discussion in the lobby. He was very rude. The second time I stayed was because I was in a pinch at the holidays and had tried 20 other hotels and nothing was available. We were upgraded to a suite because the manager was at the front desk when we checked in and he remembered me. The suite had not yet been cleaned and was a dump. The bathroom was very, very nasty. Someone had been sick in there and it was never cleaned. There were pizza boxes and groceries all over the place. It had obviously been used for a long term stay. I would &quot;eat&quot; theatre tickets or drive to and from the City before I stay here again.	
Mar 17 2005	Great value for money	We stayed at The Carlton between 9th and 16th March and really enjoyed our stay. Whilst the building is definitely still being renovated, the lobby is functional and in good shape. There are obviously no communal facilities, e.g. restaurants, gym etc. The staff are attentive whilst not being overly enthusiastic. Previous comments about reception facilities are misleading -- there is a restroom available (if required pre- or post- checkout) and though the lobby can get busy, who really hangs out in a lobby anyway?Room itself had a stunning view of the Empire State Building (as requested -- surprised to get one though, ask for one overlooking 29th st). The room isn't huge but there's enough space considering you'll be out seeing/doing things most of the time anyway. Bathroom is marble finish and functional, though could do with bathrobes. Housekeeping do a great job cleaning and replacing towels as necessary, you get a free newspaper weekdays.Location is a little quiet in the evenings (hit the village if you want somewhere more vibe-y) but it's very well located in between two subway stations (great choice of lines) and it's quick and easy to get almost anywhere in Manhattan from the hotel.We'd really recommend it at the price, it's going to hike up I expect when renovations are finished, but go for it now.	
Mar 14 2005	Not worth it	We celebrated my husband's birthday in New York last weekend. Weather was great but he Carlton Hotel was a disappointment. Their guest rooms may have been renovated recently but housekeeping leaves a lot to be desired - I found 3 short kinky brown hairs on our bathroom wall on the second night. Had they been there from the previous guests? Or from another room?? Disgusting! The fabric blinds are grey with dust and grime. Our room was small but adequately furnished - typcial for Manhattan. The photos on their website are deceiving. Expect traffic noise from 29th and Madison. The lobby is small and cramped partly because of the ongoing construction for their new lobby. There is no restroom facility on the lobby level, actually there is nothing there except for a small one-star hotel front desk counter. Definitely not what I expected for the price or neighbourhood. The complimentary morning coffee is fine if you enjoy watered down coffee. Stick with the teas - interesting blends like Chai Spice and Xiao's Blend. For my money I prefer On the Ave Hotel in Upper West Side, incidentally rated close to this hotel although I don't understand why. When their renovations and constructions are complete the rates will likely soar - avoid this place unless money is burning a hole in your pockets.	
Mar 11 2005	Very confortable and Very nice staff	This hotel is really a diamond in the rough. Why am I saying &quot;in the rough&quot; ? Because they are actually under construction which of course hides some parts of the buiding, but really doesn't impact on your stay at ALL !It's a diamond for its usually low prices, the staff there which was more than helpfull (they provided me in less than 2 minutes with a shaver since I'd forgotten mine, took care of all luggage as we arrived and the day of our check-out, arranged the limo service to drive us back to the airport, answered all kinds of questions about where would be best to eat, how to get to some point, and so on...).The rooms are quite small but really confortable. Just speaking of it makes me wanna sleep in these sheets again ! TV in the room, large bed, and the bathroom is all made of marble and convenient to use.Certainly a good pick if you're looking for comfort. Of course it is a 3 stars hotel, so you would expect this from a 3 stars, wouldn't you ?	
Feb 14 2005	Excellent value!	Booked at $139 per night through hotels.com, this was a superb value. For those who like a library, or to sit with a glass of wine near the lobby, this will not work. The hotel is definitely undergoing renovations, and the greeting area is small, and functional only to check in. That said, for those who are looking for a nice room at a reasonable price, and aren't concerned with lobby appearances, this is an excellent choice. The renovations were complete (at least in the room provided me), and everything appeared both new and relatively plush. The room was small, as are most in the city. But for 1 or 2, it was fine. The renovations in the bath were particularly niceTwo separate subway stops are both two blocks away, albeit in opposite directions. But that gives the choice of varied lines. The location is away from the prime tourist markets, but most are certainly walkable. And Penn Station, for those coming by Amtrak, was a 15 minute walk for me.	
Feb 14 2005	lost reservation terrible service	I planned on staying at the Carlton with a large group of friends on a Saturday night. When I arrived, with my reservation confirmation information in hand, the unhelpful staff informed me that my reservation had been lost. This same thing happened to our friends who arrived directly after us, as well as 2 other guests. I found it especially confusing because we had each booked our reservations in different ways. I had booked through the hotels website, my friend had phoned his in and the other guests had used expedia. Each of us had hotel confirmations. Instead of the manager coming out to the crowded, mid-renovation, lobby, we were told that someone was &quot;working on it&quot; and the front desk staff ignored us for over an hour and 20 minutes. After repeadedly asking to speak with a manager, we were told they were &quot;on the phone.&quot; I have never experienced such irresponsible, and unhelpful customer service in my life. When we asked how something like this could happen, we were told that all reservations were made through people in Omaha, which the front desk girl pointed out was &quot;very far away.&quot; Thank you for the geography lesson. Finally after an hour, the assistant manager came out and told us we would be moved to another hotel down the street. When we arrived at the other hotel (The Hampton Inn, W 24th St.) we were relieved to find a helpful and friendly staff that was ready to assist us with anything we needed... not to mention, the rooms were larger and in better condition. 	
Feb 13 2005	old luxury feels like home	This old hotel, currently under construction (Valentine's Day 2005), offers cozy little rooms with many luxurious fixtures and furnishings. Updated with contemporary metropolitan charm, this hotel offers tourists a comfortable stay while in the city that never sleeps. Desk staff was very professional, friendly and apologetic for the hotel's current inconveniences due to the construction. For example, the restaurant was not yet operational, so my wife and I had to settle for bottled water out of a vending machine and ice from an ice machine. The bell hops seemed a little unorganized and flusterred. The room itself was the best part. Small, but very New York. The bathroom was very luxurious in look in feel as well...although the marble tile floor, while nice on the eyes, was unpractically slippery. No mini bar, bath robes and, currently, no room service. Heat was also cranked on high and our room thermostat prooved difficult to control. But just open the windows and you should be fine. Beds were very comfortable...leave your egg crate or matreess pad at home! Also leave your hair dryer at home, because each room should have one tucked away in a contemporary cabinet in the bathroom. Nice location, a bit far from the excitement of mid-manhattan, but worth it for the price. We are considering staying closer to Central Park next time, due to the price of cab rides, but might stay again. Looking forward to the completion of the hotel's restorations. 	
Jan 25 2005	Clean Chic and close to Herald Square	I stayed at this hotel labor day 2004. and i have nothing to complain about. the service is great. the room is clean and plush/luxurious. the room is not very large, the standarad room with one double bed is literally meant for no more than two people--so if you are friends traveling beware-the rooms are very small. but again everything is clean, and the service is great.it's also actually a 'nice' hotel. i highly recommend staying here.	
Jan 24 2005	the best deal in the city	If you can find a better, nicer hotel in NYC for the cost (we paid $129), please let me know. Despite contruction, which is mainly to the exterior of the building, the Carlton was a great place to stay. Nice staff, elegant rooms (small, but it's New York and should be expected) great location. The subway is just a block or two away, restaurants are nearby, very accessable.	
Jan 17 2005	fun in the city	Wife and I took last minute trip to NY and booked hotel at The Carlton based on positive reviews by others that stayed here. The hotel is perfectly situated for a trip out to town. We were able to walk to-pretty much-everywhere in Manhattan from here. Although, there isn't much action at the hotel location at night. Don't be put off by the renovation of the hotel, the rooms inside are very nice. I would definitely come back here again.	
Jan 15 2005	Hotel Overbooked!	We were meant to stay at this hotel from the 27th of Decemeber to the 30th of Decemeber, a total of three nights. BUT......we arrived late in the evening, at about 11.30pm, only to find that the hotel had been overbooked, and that we would need to be moved to another hotel. This was despite the fact that we had pre-paid (through Expedia), and had rung up the hotel to confirm that we were arriving albeit a bit late. I'm not too sure about how hotels operate, but in my opinion, this practice of overbooking is ridiculous and detrimental to the concept of customer service! At least the receptionist agreed with us on that one. And funnily enough, the hotel we were sent to was actually better than this one anyway. Too bad we couldn't have stayed there.We got sent to Hotel Thirty Thirty, which thankfully wasn't far away. We were told that because of this, we would be upgraded when we returned the next day.The room that we eventually got was actually quite nice. The bed was comfortable, the room and bathroom were tidy, nothing to complain about. However, the whole affair was soured by the initial overbooking fiasco, and I'm sure we would have enjoyed the hotel a bit more, had this not occured.The hotel is still in the middle of their renovations, so as a result, the entire hotel was only being serviced by 1 small lift, and the service elevator, which was a hassle. The location of the hotel is good, being only a few blocks away from the Empire State Building. There are also a couple of subway stations nearby, which is extremely convenient. The area is quiet, and we had no trouble with any outside noise from our 7th floor room. The staff however, were not as friendly or helpful as some of the other New Yorkers in the service industry, but they were still a far sight better than what passess off as service staff in the United Kingdom!All in all, an average hotel. Nothing bad, but nothing amazing. Nonetheless, we would still be a bit hesitant in booking there again due to the fact that we might not be guaranteed a room!*Postscript*The reason we find having to change hotels is because of the whole checking-out and checking-in. Aside from having to pack and repack your bags, you also have to contend with wasting half your morning checking-out, dragging your bags over to the next hotel, checking in only to find that check-in is not until 3pm! Then having to store your luggage, go out briefly, AND be back at 3pm to check-in properly. This stopped us from going on the ferry to Liberty and Ellis Island, which takes the better part of the day. Consider that we were only staying for 3 nights in the city, and you can understand our frustration.	
Jan 9 2005	Great value!	My wife's x-mas present was a trip to NYC. This hotel helped make her first NYC experience a good one. The room was nice and the people were friendly. I would definately stay here again!	
Jan 5 2005	Good hotel great location	After just getting back from NYC i thought id share my experience with other travellers. I stayed at the Carlton on Madison Avenue for four nights and it was a great hotel to explore the city from. The location is perfect - just one block from the empire state, a 5min walk to fifth avenue and the subway seconds away for those further afield trips. The hotel is going through a refit and there is scafolding hiding the impressive traditional building on the outside, however dont let that put you off, the rooms are very comfortable and less than a year old so everything still has the new feel to it. The bathroom is one of the major plus' for the hotel - all marble set with gold fittings. If there had to be one downside to the hotel it would be that the rooms were slightly on the small side - however being in a city so densley populated i assume that many of the hotels are the same if not smaller. For Sex and The City fans the hotel is also opposite a fourth season (episode 49) set - the little church around the corner (the one where Samantha fancies a priest) where celebrities can be seen on sundays!!! Great reason to stay. All in all a great holiday - definitley planning my next trip soon...	
Jan 4 2005	New York 	We stayed at the hotel 29th Dec to 3 Jan 05 and at moment its going through $5million renovation so doesnt look much from the outisde as road is dug up and scaffolding everywhere. inside is very comfortable but was surprised at lack of front reception area and no bar/public toilets/breakfast area (although this isnt a problem as honestly 5th Avenue is 2 minutes walk with lots of deli/eating places there within a variety of prices.Hotel room was clean and bed was comfortable. The downside was that there was 3 of us sharing a 2 double bed room which with clothes and 3 cases wasnt much storage space etcHotel is in a great location for all main sites and walking distance to most.Also tip was to book shuttlebus back and fore to ariport we found this quite handy on our first visit to city.Enjoy your trip !	
Jan 1 2005	Staff attitude in need of renovation	Stayed 26th to 31st December 2004.First of all - very comfortable bed! Great midtown location. However, hotel IS undergoing renovation, when it is probably the attitude of the staff that needs it more. Elevators not sufficient - very cramped one in main lobby only holding four. No bathroom in lobby for changing after late checkout - advised to use Starbucks by receptionist!	
Dec 30 2004	Very Nice Room	I stayed at the Carlton from December 27-29, 2004. As mentioned in other reviews, the hotel is currently undergoing renovation. There really is not much of a lobby at this point in the renovation and what little space the hotel has for a lobby is very crowded. That should change when the renovations are completed in 2005. I stayed in room 715, which was fantastic. The room was exactly as pictured on the hotel web site and very clean. I was especially impressed by the large size of the room---huge by NYC standards. The bathroom was small, but more than adequate for one person at a time. The high end bed linens and toiletries were a great touch and the bed was very comfortable. The room had a view of the Empire State Building and was ideally situated in midtown. I will seriously consider staying at the Carlton again during future trips to NYC.	
Dec 29 2004	Reservations Not Necessarily Guaranteed	I made a reservation at the Carlton in mid-November for this past Monday night. I reconfirmed the reservation the night prior to check-in, and was told everthing was on record. When my husband and I arrived for check-in at 3:30 on Monday, the front desk staff told me they had overbooked, and they were holding a room for us at the Thirty-thirty. I said OK, as long as we can have a queen-sized bed, as that was what we had booked at the Carlton. That was not the case. Although the bathroom was large, the room was tiny and had two twin-sized beds. The Thirty-thirty staff said that's all they had available (for relocated Carlton guests, I'm thinking to myself). After an angry call to the Carlton, plus a stakeout in their lobby, we were eventually comped. I have no idea how to make sure a reservation at the Carlton is actually guaranteed, but be aware that you may end up at the Thirty-thirty!	
Dec 29 2004	Xmas Xtra Special	I stayed here at the beginning of December 2004 and after reading some of the reports was very worried before I arrived but the stay was great.My double double room was exactly as pictured. There was morning coffee available in the foyer every morning.The reception staff were very friendly and the bellman helpful. Two lightbulbs blew when I was staying and they were changed within minutes of my call to reception.Clean, comfortable and very convenient. Recommended.	
Dec 15 2004	Exactly as described (great!)	I traveled to NYC on business during the hustle and bustle of the holiday season, so it was extremely difficult to find an inexpensive, yet nice, hotel in the city. I read the reviews for this hotel, and proceeded with caution. Though the hotel was under construction (I knew that going in), and there was a slight odor in the lobby (typical NYC), I was more than pleased when I arrived. The bell person took my bag up the stairs, and hailed me a cab the next morning. Staff was pleasant and friendly, and the neighborhood felt safe, considering the city I was in. The room was exactly as the photo depicted on their website, complete with marble countertop in the bathroom. Comfortable bed, nice amenities, hot shower, and working heat. For a room I spent a mere 11 hours in, the Carlton was an ideal stop for a business traveler looking for a safe and good night's sleep.	
Dec 15 2004	Very nice room good location	Although I had to pay a premium to stay at the Carlton because of the holiday season, it was a much better deal than most of the hotels I could find in Manhattan for this time of year. It's not a top tier hotel by any means but it is a good option for a mid range hotel if you are just looking for a well located comfortable room.My room was very nice, a comfortable bed with down pillows and comforter, a large spacious room, a shower and a tub and all the other amenities I needed-an in room safe, ironing board, toiletries, hair dryer, cable tv. I did not have a view except of the apartments next door. A copy of USA Today was delivered in the morning (weekdays only) and there was coffee in the lobby.The hotel is undergoing major renovation but there was no noise to disturb me, the only problem is that the elevators are pretty slow, I used a service elevator because of my room location which made the elevator even slower. The lobby area is pretty small, just a few chairs and a couple of small sofas.I did see one of the smaller rooms (currently using a single room as a guest bathroom) and it was much smaller than the room I had and only had a shower. Not sure if they are renovating that one or not.The location is on Madison and 29th, just a 5-10 minute walk to the Empire State Building, a couple of blocks from the subway. I felt perfectly comfortable walking back to my hotel after seeing a show, there were always people around.	
Dec 8 2004	A fantastic hotel - was great value for money	We stayed at The Carlton for 5 nights from the 21st Nov. 2004. We were not offered any help with our bags after checking in and seeing all the refurb work around us we feared for the worst. When we found the room (this hotel is very big) we were delighted to see a luxuriously furnished room with a beautiful marble bathroom and a huge TV that faced the bed. The bed was fantastic, not quite as amazin as the &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; you get in one of the big chains but fantastic nonetheless. We booked on Expedia and it was well under £100 a night (although we were booking for five nights, but also Thanksgiving). Expedia rates it as a 3 star hotel but I would say that the rooms are easily 4 star quality. One the multi million dollar refurb is fully completed some time in 2005 I expect the rating to go up and the prices to rocket!My advice is go for the Carlton if you can get a good rate, particularly during the Refurb.Anyone not used to New York may find the rooms a little small but unless you are prepared to spend huge sums of money that is what you always get. You don't need a big room in New York as you shouldn't be in it for long - there is far too much to eat, see and do to just stay inside.	
Dec 5 2004	The Carlton was great!	I thought the Carlton was awesome! We recently stayed at the Carlton from Dec 3-5. It was great! The room was a little bit smaller than what we expected - but we found it comfortable and enjoyable! The bathroom was exquisite - with the marble counter top and huge vanity mirror! The bed was extremely comfortable and the linens were so soft! This was my first time staying in New York City - and I would love to come back to the Carlton in the near future. The staff was friendly - and even though they are going through repairs - it is very clean and inviting!	
Dec 4 2004	A magic Thanksgiving experience	Recently we stayed at this hotel for three nights during Macy's Parade. We passed greatfull moments in NY City and The Carlrton was part of this. We make an early checkin at 12:00pm without problems. The room was very clean and the hotel is very close to the Empire State Building. The bathroom was clean and each detail make feel us in a paradise (the towels are tender and smoth). Its very centrical. The bed its the best, so much .... I have no words to describe it. Our room was located in the six floor and I think that is brand new one. I recommended this place to stay 100%. The property changes are in progress but you dont need a great lobby to have an excellent room. The rooms are small if we compare with other places as Orlando but it is an excellent choice for people who want to know more about NY City. We pay about $206 per night with hotels. That was really good because was Thanksgiving weekend.	
Dec 4 2004	Hotel Under-Refurbishment Yet OK	The Carlton is medium sized hotel currently undergoing major refurbishment, yet I would go back again. Arrived at The Carlton after a short walk of a dozen blocks from Grand Central Station, to find the small lobby area crowded with others checking in. The small lobby accessed from the side of the Hotel gives a poor first impression, but is as a result of the refurbishment going on. The congestion around temporary reception was not helped by the fact that initially only one member of staff was serving but after a short wait this was supplemented by further two receptionists.Once checked in I went to the room (1039) to find a comfortable, recently refurbished and clean room. The view from the room was in the direction of Madison Gardens and I could see the top of Met Insurance building. Each weekday I received a complementary USA Today and the room was serviced daily to a good standard. The only criticism is that the bed was only a standard double in this room and the en-suite only had a shower and not a bath. Both of which were perfectly adequate for my stay.I can confirm the situation with the lifts is as reported previously. There are a total four lifts. The nearest to the temporary reception is slow and only holds four people so once it has left the top floor (#10) it is generally full, the second lift described by others as the service lift holds more people is faster but is not decorated and during the day I found was used by the builders. The final two lifts have yet to be commissioned.The location of the hotel is good being only three blocks away from the Empire State Building and about 25 mins walk to Times Square past Macy*s. Nearest Subway station 28th Street on the 6 line, is 1.5 blocks away, which goes straight Downtown to Bowling Green, in order to go on the best value for money attraction the Staton Island Ferry.The hotel at present has no restaurant, but the in-room guide does contain menus of a selected few close by. Two of which I can recommend and are each only a block away. Café 28, which is a large deli ideal for Breakfast (tried their buffet in the evening this was poor) and Bella Napoli which gave good portions and value, see their website for typical menu.Do not be put off by the refurbishment although it caused a little disturbance in the public areas once in the safe haven of the room I was not disturbed all week. If I visited New York again I would for the price choose this hotel again.	
Nov 30 2004	The worst hotel in NYC	The worst hotel experience ever. I used to live in NYC and now live in Boston. This hotel was the pitts....On-line said three and a half stars...but it was a one star at best. Homeless people sleeping on ripped sofa in tiny tiny hall area they calll a lobby. Dirty filthy conditions. One desk clerk and one bellman for the entire hotel, Took forever just to get waited on then the hotel bellman and clerk were grouchy and so unwelcoming. Don't waste your money here....be warned....STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE.	
Nov 29 2004	Stay at The Carlton	I made our reservations thru Expedia before I read all other posted reviews, thus I was a little apprehensive about our visit, however I fretted over nothing. I have stayed at the Marriott Marquis and Doubletree on Times Square in the past so I had some reservation about the location but found it to be easily acccessible and centrally located. If you plan to take the subway after dark, I wouldn't suggest taking the N as the path to the hotel takes you thru Little Korea and it was a little scary. Take the number 6 after dark, which is only a block and a half away from the hotel. Within 1.5 blocks of the hotel we found a McDonalds, Taco Bell and Dunkin Donuts and 2 Starbucks. Not a lot of choices for dinner close by. Best mode of transportation is the 7 day subway/Metro card, at $21 total, even if you don't use it for the full 7 days it is a bargain. As for the hotel, we found the staff very accomodating. Expedia put 3 people in each room (we had a party of 9) but when we got there we were told that in order to put 3 in each room we would have to upgrade- problem was they had no rooms available to upgrade to. They explained that this is a common problem they have thru the web travel agencies, who of course claim no accountability. Since they had no rooms with 2 beds available they agreed to put a cot in each room at no additional charge (normally costs $20 to $25 per night). They were very helpful with directions around town when they had they time, however most of the time the front desk was understaffed. There was only one bellman on at any given time. PLan to transport your luggage alone or wait a while during peak times. Our rooms (901, 905 and 915) were great for a 3* hotel. 901 had no view but a great bathroom (large). 905 and 915 had small bathrooms but good views. As they are renovating there was a degree of inconvenience such as small elvators that run slow. Request a room on the higher floors and you won't find the elevator constantly full as our friends did on the 3rd floor. We recieved our daily paper timely, fresh coffee in the lobby every morning. Fresh and beautiful floral arrangements in the lobby were a nice touch for a 3* hotel. When renovation is done the price will go up. The slight inconvenience we expereinced was worth the stay for the moderate rate quoted.	
Nov 25 2004	OK	Stayed here the first weekend in October 04. It was ok, nothing great. Outside, it wasn't very functional - meaning there are many stairs leading up to the front door/desk and if you have a lot of luggage noone is around to help with it. They should have a ramp for your luggage.Also since it's being renovated, there was ONE elevator that can hold like 2 people (and my bag would barely fit) so it took forever and a day to get up and down. I normally took the stairs. Lobby is non-existent, no breakfast or coffee available. However, the room was nicely decorated, but very small, nice bathroom though. Good location close to Empire State, easy to get taxis.	
Nov 23 2004	Carlton on madison	We booked the Carlton via our travel agent, who specified that we required a superior room. As we had a late flight to JFK we arrived at the hotel at 11pm. We got the impression when checking in that our room had been given to someone else or had not been allocated at all. We went to our room on the 3rd floor to discover a renovated room that was VERY small with no curtains or headboard. The bed was also smaller than a double bed. We pointed out to the reception that we has booked a superior room and would like to be moved but they had no rooms available and asked us to recheck in the morning. Rechecked for 2 days and was offered no other room.However...... Although the room was small and seemed unfinished it was immaculate, very clean and the bed was one of the most comfortable we have had!! The bath room was very nicely decorated too with a great shower and toiletries.It was also very quiet as there was no view from the window.One serious down side of this floor was the renovations going on on the floor below during the week, it was noisy and draughty at times.Overall...... the room was OK if you are not going to be in it much..Quiet and comfortable, If you are out all day the workmen wont bother you, Being on a lower floor you don't need to wait for the lift.I would advise phoning the hotel prior to arriving to confirm your booking and requests.Would we stay here again? Probably not.	
Nov 10 2004	Pretty good did we just get lucky with the room?	We stayed at the Carlton on 2-7 November.Reading the other reviews on here it looks as though we got lucky as I had no complaints with our room or the hotel in general. Our room (1021) was big enough, fully refurbished with a king sized double bed, good storage, a TV, a desk and a marble bathroom...we hadnt ask to be upgraded or pay extra, we just booked a regular room via quikbook There is refurbishment work going on you should be aware of but it didnt really impact on us, there's parts of the hotel cordoned off on the ground floor but the route from the door to the reception to the lift to our room was fine. We never heard any noise from the refurbishment work, I dont know if thats because it was going on during the day or if it's because we were on a higher floor.I could see what people are saying about the lifts though, the main guest one could only hold 6 people max, as we were getting on near the top floor we always got in but there were times when it stopped on the 3rd/4th/5th floors and the guests there were unable to get in, especially at peak times like checking out time at noon. there is a bigger service lift you can get though which isnt too bad.We did find coffee &amp; tea in the reception (although it wasnt very hot) and we did get a paper delivery (USA today) every morning.Location was pretty good, three blocks from Empire State building and a block from the 6 subway route...there's a couple of nice french restaurants near the subway stop	
Nov 9 2004	My worst hotel experience ever in NYC	I travel to NYC often for pleasure and to visit my daughter in college and I must say that this experience was my worst NYC hotel experience ever. When making the hotel reservation for my birthday celebration, we reserved a superior room and requested a renovated room on a high floor with a view. We arrived at the hotel early around 11:30 AM, registered and re-confirmed our room requests. We were assured that we would have a room with a view of the Empire State Building or Madison Avenue. We were told to come back after 3 PM because the room wasn't ready. Upon check-in, we were given a small room on the 3rd floor with a view of a brick wall and ventilation ducts. The bed had no headboard and looked nothing like the Internet pictures showing beautiful drapery framing the head of the bed. When I contacted the front desk concerning the view and location. The manager told me that this hotel only has a few rooms with views of the Empire State Building. The Carlton web site however claims that the hotel has many rooms with this view. After much discussion, they finally moved us to a room on the 9th floor with a partial view. The Carlton is undergoing major renovations and only had 2 small functioning elevators with long wait times. There was no turndown service, morning paper delivery, or morning coffee as described on their web site. I called down for wine glasses and a corkscrew and was told that the hotel didn't have any. Our room was so warm that we resorted to opening the window because the air conditioning wasn't working. In general, I found the staff to be indifferent. As we checked out, no one inquirer about our stay...It was probably good that they didn't...	
Nov 5 2004	Nice Hotel if you get a refurbished room	We had booked 4 nights in Oct/Nov 2004 in a Superior Room with Queen Size Bed. We knew that the lobby was being refurbished but had read that the rooms had already been refurbished.When we arrived we were told that there were no rooms with Queen Size Bed available, so could either wait or have a room with a Full-Size bed now. We were assured that this latter was a &quot;good deal&quot;. Sadly the bed was far too small for two people of average build to sleep in comfortably (smaller than standard double), so went down to reception and asked to change. Coincidentally (???) a Queen Size room had just become available. When we had lugged our suitcases to the new room we found a larger bed, but a small bathroom, with peeling wallpaper.What we were most annoyed at was the feeling that we were being palmed-off with an inferior room to that we had booked and payed for.We complained again, and were offered a third room. This was larger and had a very good refurbished marble bathroom, and a King-size bed. It was not fully finished with pictures and curtains, but we were happy to accept this.We enjoyed the rest of our stay. The location is excellent. The room was quiet with no noise from the city, the hotel, or the renovation work. Some of the staff seemed indifferent but others were helpful and friendly.Would we recommend the Carlton? Yes if you book and get a refurbished room.	
Oct 28 2004	Great service great room!	I love this hotel, it's got a convenient location, newly remodeled, extremely clean, EXCELLENT staff, and the marble bathrooms are huge (compared to most hotels i've stayed at in NYC). Definately worth the $130 we paid/night (so much cheaper than the Metropolitan hotel, YET the experience was MUCH better).	
Oct 28 2004	Okay But Under Construction	Let's be clear. The Carlton is still under rennovation. Most of the rooms have been rennovated and though small are in decent shape. However the lobby and all surrounding areas on the 1st two floors are under construction. Note the construction cones, barrels, concrete barriers outside. Staff: Courteous although harried - I'm sure from dealing with the construction.Elevator: Slow - As of my visit the additional elevators were not working. An alternate is to take the freight elevator. Location: It's a block off the subway so you can get to Grand Central, Union Square, Brooklyn pretty quickly. Vacationers: If there are two of you traveling together - know that the standard room comes with a double bed and a tiny bathroom- two people cannot be in there at the same time unless one of you is in the shower.  Business Travelers: No desk unless you get a larger King room. Sporadic dial-up availability - no high speed - no wireless. Starbuck's with wireless around the corner.Overall: It has potential and I'm sure will be an adequate hotel once the rennovation is complete but at $200 plus a night it's a bit much to deal with given some of the other hotels in the city. As a business traveler, I'm looking for different ammenities but as a vacationer with patience it would be okay.	
Sep 23 2004	Great Hotel	Great and clean hotel. My girlfriend and I spent countless hours searching for a hotel that would fit both our budget and standards. The Carlton Hotel fit both those requirements. The Hotel was small but VERY clean (Marble bathroom) and the hotel renovation was not a distraction. The staff was sufficient and the location was even better (around the block of Empire State Building). We had a great time in NY (seven nights) and not having to worry about the hotel made going back that much better. I would definitely recommend The Carlton to anyone. Helpful hint: we got a better quote calling directly to the hotel than on the internet.	
Sep 22 2004	A total bargain	We just stayed at the Carlton from Sept. 15 to 20, and made our choice based on all the positive reviews here. Through Hotels.com, we got a rate of $139 per night, including everything. A lot of the previous reviews had spoken of spacious rooms and huge marble bathrooms, so when we arrived, we were surprised to find our room to be so small that the TV wardrobe blocked one window, and the bathroom consisted of a plain pedestal sink with only a shower. Also, we had requested a quiet room, and we overlooked a construction site. We asked the front counter clerk to move us to a bigger room with a better view, and she (kind of rudely) informed us that the bargain rooms booked online do not come with the large bathrooms or views. However, she did move us into a room that was much more spacious and outfitted with more furniture than the first one, that had a bathroom with a tub and marble counter, and a view that may have been an apartment block across the street but was at least not a construction site. (Room 827). After the room switch, we were very happy, especially to discover there truly is a fantastic, luxury bed, nice hot shower, and enough architectural details to make you forget the utilitarian decor of chain hotels. There was no sign of a bellhop so no one helped us with our bags. We hardly ever dealt with staff, but they were efficient and coolly courteous enough. The rooms and hallways are definitely four-star quality, and as for the renovation, you wouldn't know about it unless you took the stairs instead of the elevator, in which case you run into a construction site on the lower levels. But signs re-direct you through the corridors and back to the lobby, so it's not a problem. They've set up a makeshift room with vending machines and paid Internet access, and if you get up early enough, there's good coffee in the lobby. The free gym down the street is convenient, has lots of equipment and is clean and bright. The hotel is truly central - there's a subway stop right around the corner at 28th Street so you can zip downtown to the Village or uptown to the museums. And you can walk to Grand Central Station or the Empire State Building, all the way up 5th Avenue or to Times Square. There's also a great gourmet Mexican restaurant in the same block as the hotel, called Ixta. Go for lunch and pay less than you would for dinner for delicious things like tuna and lobster tostadas, for about $12. We felt totally safe and cabs are constantly available. One word of caution about getting a cab to the airport: do not take the advice of the hotel staff. They told us it would be $40 - we went out on the street and spoke with a cabbie and negotiated a price of $25, including tolls. New Yorkers had told us this is a standard rate to LaGuardia. (When we arrived, we took a shuttle from the airport to Grand Central for $12 each; then we took the subway, which is only a couple of stops. Be sure to get a 7-day Metrocard).And as for us having to switch rooms in order to get a bigger, better one, the lesson is, speak up! It's always worth a shot. We had a fantastic stay as a result. And we'd definitely return to the Carlton - although I have a feeling once the renos are complete, we won't be able to afford it.	
Sep 21 2004	Loved The Carlton	I stayed here for 3 nights in August with my two teenaged daughters. Kids under 18 stayed free which was a big advantage. Other cheaper hotels became more expensive than The Carlton with the charges for an extra person.We loved this hotel! The room was huge by NY standards so there was enough space for all the &quot;things&quot; two teenaged girls &quot;must&quot; have with them at all times. The linens and beds were way above average as were the furnishing and decore. It was a pleasure to return to the hotel after a busy day.The hotel is a few blocks from the subway, around the corner from a cheap coffee shop and close to Cafe28 which has just about anything you want to take out or have delivered.Front desk was reserved yet helpful when we had questions and our request for extra towels and pillows was promptly filled. Our room was quiet and we just loved it. I would stay there again in a flat NY minute!	
Sep 20 2004	Nearly perfect! And what a bargain. Safe neighborhood.	So great! This place was such a bargain. The lobby is currently being renovated, so understand that when you arrive and step inside, it will look not great, but the rooms are FANTASTIC. Small-ish (but all NY hotel rooms are) but everything from the linens on the bed, to the excellent decor and the lovely bathroom were perfect. This is a GREAT location in the middle of Manhattan, close to The Gramercy Tavern (one of NY's best restaurants) and is just about 4 blocks from the Empire State Building. My room (814) actually had a view of the top half of the Empire State Building, which was an excellent surprise for a first-time visitor to NYC. Stay here - not something more expensive - and use the money you are saving to eat better and shop better in NY.Service from the women who work there (mostly on the phones as you corrdinate your trip) could be friendlier, but the boys who work there are great and if you get to know them early, they can be a big help getting you cabs which can be tough at rush hour.	
Sep 7 2004	Excellent but IMPORTANT hotels warning	The Carlton is a highly recommendable, inexpensive (currently) central Manhattan hotel, on a very safe street walkable to many attractions and restaurants (though a good hike to the nearest subway stop). The rooms are very classy and have GLACIAL air conditioning (awesome).We stayed September 2nd in a 9th floor room with no appreciable view, but good dimensions for NYC and very high quality bedding and furnishings clearly representative of a four-star hotel, which the Carlton will be once renovation is complete (proceeding slowly but surely). All-marble bathrooms feature excellent water pressure and Gilchrist &amp; Soames toiletries. The building itself has a very appealing, historic facade, though no appreciable common areas currently; staff was efficient and pleasant in their very limited counter / window space. For $130 through hotels.com or even at hotel-direct rates, this is a steal for a quality room even while only limited hotel services (delivery from outside restaurants, free access to a nearby health club) operate. BOOKING CONCERN: Hotels lost our reservation. If I had not called to confirm earlier in the day (the last of the Republican National Convention), I would have been out of luck. Thankfully, staff worked out a shift for us. Please excercise caution when booking with hotels. Matt from moonrings (review independent of MoonRings services)	
Aug 30 2004	Pleasantly Surprised	I've used this site in the past and on this trip and it hasn't steered me wrong yet. So, I figure I should contribute to the community with a quick review.I've stayed in a few different hotels in NYC and this one is at the top of the value list. Through a very popular hotel site I got a rate of $140 with tax and charges for a queen size bed on a Friday night for my girlfriend and I. While, there was some evidence of the renovation in the hotel (closed off elevator bank and the ice machine room) our hotel room was amazing. We had a corner room and for NYC standards it was huge. The bed was extremely comfortable- down everything, and the rest of the furniture- oak, and bathroom- marble was also very nice. Contrary to a few comments I read on this site before I book this trip I found the staff to be courteous and helpful. They helped us with directions and provided a map. All in all, while I like to check out new places, if this price came around again I would definitely go back.	
Aug 29 2004	Excellent rooms overall	We had an excellent stay at the Carlton. For the price ($120/night + 1 night free), the Carlton is very luxurious - considering the NYC hotel market.I was especially pleased that our room actually looked like the pictures - we had a great king bed w/ a down-like comforter (a huge step up from the scratchy felt blankets in most hotels), down pillows, and (I think) Frette sheets. The bathroom, though small, was done in marble and was elegantly decorated.The other parts of the hotel are undergoing renovation. The lobby is small, so in peak times, there were a lot of people waiting (the staff was only 2-3 at most times). My advice is to check in at an off-peak time if possible. Also, the elevators were small and slow as was reported in several of the reviews. For us, this was not a big deal, we took the stairs several times. We found the staff to be neither rude nor particularly helpful.Overall, if you are not focused on a big, grand lobby or spacious elevators, but are strictly concerned w/ having a good, plush room, the Carlton is the place to go.	
Aug 26 2004	Truly a pleasurable stay	I have to say that I was very happy with my experience at this hotel. To me, the room is the most important aspect of a hotel stay. The newly renovated room was beautiful, clean and nicely furnished. The bed was extremely comfortable.The staff was very nice and accomodating, with the exception of one of the bellhops who seemed to be pretty lax about his duties. I won't say which bellhop because it woud be unfair to let him be prejudged by future guests. Personally, this exception did not bother me in the least. What else did I like? They served coffee every morning and it was better than Starbucks! This hotel was so nice that it was a pleasure to come back to after a busy day in NYC. Highly recommended.	
Aug 10 2004	Great Room Great Location Great Price	We could not have been more pleased with our stay at The Carlton! We were a little nervous of what it would be like, because the other reviews on tripadvisor were mixed. We were there for our 1st Anniversary in July, 04. The building was under construction, but our floor was completed, and we never heard the noise of construction. The room was absolutely beautiful with a rich marble counter in the bathroom, beautiful crown moldings and accents, and a cozy down comforter; the perfect atmosphere for our anniversary vacation, and our first trip to the Big Apple. (The only thing: the elevator was small and very slow. We took the stairs most days. I'm sure this will be corrected once the renovations are complete.) The staff was pleasant and the location was perfect. We walked to Central Park, Times Square, and the Empire State Building. A short subway ride got us to Lower Manhattan and The Bronx. You will not be disappointed!	
Jul 25 2004	clean quiet comfy convenient affortable	Good:- the room is clean, quiet, good air conditioning, more comfortable than my condo- the bathroom is big, 2 people can walk in there- convenient location, at Madison Ave/29th St, can walk to subway, bus, empire...- free coffee/tea in the morning, very good coffee- I stayed for 6 nights: $110 for the first 5 nights, 6th night free- would definitely stay here again for this priceBad:- not enough elevators, but the traffic volume is low, so usually not a problemOther:- the construction is not an issue at all	
Jul 23 2004	Very Rude Staff	I was a little disappointed with the Carlton because I called when I arrived in New York City at 6:30am and asked if I could check in early and they told me that I could check in as soon as 9am, however, when I pulled up to the Carlton at 7:30am, they told me that they would not be able to check me in until 3pm. They were incredibly rude about the whole situation. The bellhop doesn't do anything...he just stands there. He didn't help us with our huge bags up the hotel steps or even open the door. When we were finally checked in at 11:30am (they had a room available), the bellhop told us to take our luggage to our rooms ourselves. He was very rude, even making rude comments. Also, I had paid $20 extra per night because I had a third person staying, however, they were only going to give me one queen bed...for three people! They had no problems taking the extra money for the extra person, but they weren't going to give me an extra bed. So I ended up having to pay ANOTHER $25 per night for the extra bed. DO NOT stay in this hotel unless you don't mind rude people.	
Jul 19 2004	Great hotel great value	We stayed at the Carlton in May 2004 for $150 per night for 4 nights through the Express-Res web-site.I was a little worried about sharing a double bed since I'm use to queen size - but the double bed was just fine for both of us, very comfortable beds.The room was a little snug (the door hits the bed upon entering) but it was fine for the two of us. The room was very clean and had nice new decor. Only one out of three elevators worked (fits 4 people) so it was very slow at times, but the employees pointed out the service elevator down the hall that was larger and moved quicker. They were still renovating the first 3 floors but the work never disturbed us.There is a small store/deli just a block or two up the street that is open 24 hours. There are plenty of places to eat within just a few blocks of the hotel in just about any direction. The subway is a short walk and catching a cab was pretty easy (except Friday early evening).There are a couple things that bothered me:1 - The bathroom had a lot of wasted space. The sink/mirror area is too small for two people to use and no counter space. But bathroom has extra space on the opposite wall. They should use that space and put in an extra vanity - just a counter top, mirror and outlet would be nice.2- Our room was near the elevators so it was very noisy during check out times. You could hear every suitcase that rolled past the door.Overall, we will go back to this hotel again (if the price still fits my budget) We had a great visit and I will recommend it to all my friends.	
Jul 19 2004	CAN BE GREAT WITH FASTER RENOVATION	The Carlton's room and lobby was nice and presentable during its renovation but I had to wait for almost 5 hours for my room. They have offered me a room to freshen up but I wanted my room to sleep in before I go to my Brooklyn tour. The front desk was very nice and sympathetic while I wait for a room. When I finally got my room, their hot water in their shower did not work. The price for the room was okay but I hope their services improve. Their hotel management will suffer if they do not finish their renovation soon.	
Jul 14 2004	Great hotel	I stayed at the Carlton in June 2004 with my boyfriend and would definitely stay again when I return to New York. The rooms were very well decorated and clean, and the renovations did not make our stay any less enjoyable. Despite other reviews I did not find the staff to be anything but helpful and polite. Great place.	
Jul 12 2004	Nice and renovated	The Carlton is a great hotel. The building is near the end of the remodeling process and is nice and clean and new. The rooms are big by NYC standards and normal size by standards everywhere else. The room was clean, especially the bathroom, where everything was new and shiny.	
Jul 12 2004	Nice hotel good value	We stayed 7 nights recently @ the Carlton. The room was spacious, quiet, very clean, and the front-desk staff were efficient and courteous. The renovations weren't a problem - although it's true that the elevators were very slow as a result. However, we also found the bell captain to be unhelpful and quite rude. All in all, a bargain at the price we paid via an internet site, an excellent location and the best hotel I've so far lucked on in New York.	
Jul 6 2004	nice room custumer service not so nice.	the rooms were very,veey nice. it is unfortunate that the staff was so rude and not helpful at all. for instance when we were checking in our bags the bell boy got upset because he thought we said to check in 3 bags when we said 4. not a big deal right? well he was quite upset and was mad that he had to tag another bag. it was just funny because it was his job and not only that but we had to tip him for his rude services. i would recommend this to a friend because the rooms are so nice, but warn them of what to expect from the not so nice staff.	
May 23 2004	A nice place for now	We stayed here for a long weekend in February, 2004. On the phone, the fellow at the reservation desk was quite frank that the room would be small; but when we arrived, we found that it was perfect for our money. It wasn't large, but it wasn't London small either, and we weren't in New York to hang out in a hotel room. It was very nicely appointed, tastefully walking the line between ornate and understated. The bed had curtains over it, evoking a canopy but without trying so hard as to be laughable; the pictures on the wall weren't hotel art; the bathroom had marble tile. We booked through Hotels.com and paid about $100/night, which I thought was reasonable for it.I have a few caveats, but I will stress that I really liked the place and these mostly didn't bother me. The place is nice, but it was a freshly-painted, department-store-display nice rather than genuine high quality. As a matter of fact, despite the fact that everything appeared to have been done in the past few months, things were already beginning to crack: the cleat holding up our shade pulled out of the wall; the bathroom paint was peeling in a few spots. Things are nice right now, but give it two years or so, and it'll be in disrepair. I guess a &quot;million dollar renovation&quot; doesn't go that far in NYC!	
May 21 2004	Pretty Good	We stayed here in December 03 for 3 nights. On arrival we found the staff efficient if not overly friendly. Elevators were terrible. It wasn't looking too good. However the rooms were fine. We had a large double bed with an armchair, very large TV and a dresser. The bathroom was excellently appointed and we had hot water at all times. The room was spotless at all times and cleaned once a day. During our stay there was a blizzard and the heating was superb. The location is quieter than some hotels in NYC and I think all the better for it. There are sub ways within a block of it and the doorman will happily get a taxi for you. The Empire State Builing is particularly close by and most of Midtown Manhatten is within walking distance. Although there were signs up regarding renovations we were never disturbed by noise. On leaving we found the staff on duty to be very friendly and the doorman arranged for a limousine to talk us to the airport at standard taxi prices	
May 19 2004	Great Place and will get even better	I stayed at the Carlton aby default. I had reserved &quot;Thirty Thirty&quot; some months previously but on arrival there they had given my room away (it was 4pm on a Saurday afternoon, I think they work on a first come first served basis!). It was a blessing in disguise! We were sent to the Carlton for the night and so impressed we elected to stay there for the duration of our stay.Room was very spacious and very well appointed and bathroom a very high standard. Staff were excellent and very professional. I can only reiterate the other problems re lifts etc, but in terms of overall value I have no complaints whatsoever and would and will stay there again!	
May 16 2004	Great hotel!	I went to NYC on a mother -daughter trip at the first of May. Although the hotel is still under renovation our room on the 6th floor was fantastic. We splurged on a suite. 2 spacious rooms that overlooked the Empire State building. Housekeeping was good - plenty of towels and bedding was clean and comfortable. Decorations and furniture fit the period of the hotel, and when all renovations are finished, the lobby area will be stunning. If you stay, just make sure the floor you are on has already been renovated, and be prepared to wait on slow elevators. 	
May 10 2004	Excellent location	Stayed here during early May 2004 and was very impressed with the location which is in the heart of midtown. The standard rooms were small and without a decent view but extremely clean and the bathroom was great. The lobby and lifts are tiny and slow but these are just minor points from a hotel which had well above levels of service and was reasonably priced too. I would definitely come back here.	
Apr 16 2004	Lovely Little Hotel with a Great Location	We stayed at the Carelton at the end of March 2004 and loved it. The rooms are small but clean, and that's all that counts really - you're in New York! The hotel staff was friendly, very helpful and the the location was great. Very easy to get a cab on the corner at Madison Avenue. We loved it and will saty again for sure!	
Apr 13 2004	Still needs work.	Stayed there in early/mid April 2004. Nice hotel. Small rooms, SMALL bathrooms. Still some problems with the renovation, e.g., no running water for a couple of hours, toilet clogs easily, most elevators out of work. Frankly, stayed at much better in NYC for cheaper.	
Apr 13 2004	Loved it...will stay there again!	I stayed at the Carlton from March 10th thru the 14th. I had read mixed reviews on this hotel and was a bit nervous about staying there, but as soon as I arrived, I knew I had made the right decision. A doorman greeted me right away and took my bags upstairs. The gentleman at the lobby was extremely professional, friendly and helpful. The room I stayed in was very CLEAN, nicely decorated and cozy. The linens and towels were fresh and changed on a daily basis. The bathroom was immaculate as well. I had to call room service and once again I was greeted with friendly and prompt service. Overall, I think the Carlton is a wonderful hotel compared to their reasonable prices. I would definitely stay there again!	
Mar 28 2004	Nice room shame about the lobby	I arrived in New York on 6 March 2004 to find my hotel full, so they had checked me into the Carlton. The location was fine, as were the rooms. The lobby area though was being renovated. The lobby was tiny therefore and only one of the lifts seemed to work.A nice touch was the complimentary coffee first thing in the morning.	
Mar 25 2004	friendly staff	Arrived at the hotel, staff friendly and helpful, room exelent, large clean and welcoming.First time in new york hotel staff very helpful would stay again.The work going on in the hotel did not affact us in any way.	
Mar 15 2004	Great Place	Stayed here for a week from 6th March until 13th March. Nice clean hotel, rooms are a good size (we stayed in a standard room) with all the mod cons that u need from a hotel room. Rooms are very nicely decorated. The hotel is in the middle of a major refurb but this had no affect on us at all. A very good location, handy to all that you could want to see (everything just a few stops away in the train) Glad that we had upgraded to an other hotel after reading really bad results about it. It def is worth having your own bathroom believe it makes all the difference.	
Mar 8 2004	Hmmm...I've stayed at better.	Some brief points if considering the Carlton Hotel, NY. The hotel is still being renovated considerably - not 'moderately' as some people may suggest. The lobby is tiny and plain, as the majority of the ground floor is 'work in progress'. The first 4 floors are 'gutted' and being worked on. This may not seem too much of a problem, but, as only one of the three &quot;4-person-capacity&quot; elevators works (just), it is often necessary to have to take the stairs and walk through the 'rubble'. Not very pleasant. The rooms are ok, but not quite 3*, and certainly not 4* as the hotel website boasts. They aren't too spacious, but adequate. The location isn't bad, with a couple of subway stops within a few blocks. I must admit, if it was my first visit to &quot;The Big Apple&quot;, then I might have been more impressed with the hotel. But, the fact is, I wouldn't recommend the Carlton Hotel at the moment while its still undergoing major changes.	
Mar 3 2004	Loved the Carlton NY	Great Hotel! Stayed in February 2004 - it is undergoing a multi-million dollar rennovation.Very clean, cozy, rooms are small, but very pleasant. Very conveniently located.STAY THERE!	
Mar 1 2004	Excellent excellent hotel	I did a lot of searching to find a hotel using TripAdvisor. I narrowed my search down to 2 hotels (The Carlton and Thirty Thirty) and finally went with The Carlton Hotel as Thirty Thirty was more expensive and besides they had no rooms available. I was very impressed. After all the reviews on other hotels at a similar price, I was expecting the worst. The outside is an impressive, old beaux arts building. They still seem to be doing some renovations but this did not cause any problems for us. Our room was a reasonable size, very smart, clean, minimalist but comfy. Bathroom is marble with good fittings. Location was great - 4 blocks from Macy's. I highly recommend staying here.Lee Olivier	
Feb 11 2004	Went in August... Enjoyed it!	I got a great deal on octopustravel.com (much better deal than my friend who stayed in a cramped hostel). My friends and I were shocked by how awesome the room was! It was very very nice, updated, and clean. The elevators sucked but hopefully they have improved on that. I had a good experience w/ the managment there, but I don't know about the higher ups. The location isn't bad. We were able to walk to the Empire State building, and for much more needed exercise, to Time Square. The metro station is about 2 blocks away. And there's a somewhat expensive deli nearby which was open late. All in all, I give this place 2 thumbs up!	
Jan 15 2004	Pretty good deal for the money	I agree with the statements that the rooms are wonderful. We were there only for New Year's Even. We had a beautiful room, a little small, but when in New York... The staff was friendly for the most part. My biggest issue was that there was no doorman present at any point when we were there. We had three very large, heavy bags with us, and I did not appreciate having to carry them up the front steps and then back down when we left. Also, the elevators were a little unnerving. They were small, and they didn't seem to work very well. I'm hoping that will be remedied once the construction is finished. Overall, we had a good stay. But, if you are looking for luxury, you may want to wait until the construction is finished.	
Dec 22 2003	just like a dream!		
Dec 15 2003	Loved it! Will be back		
Nov 24 2003	Rooms are nice. Staff? Not so much.		
Nov 20 2003	Rude Manager/They Scammed My Husband!!!!		
Nov 9 2003	A FEW PROBLEMS		
Oct 14 2003	Rude help/tiny room/free is to expensive		
Jun 27 2003	shoebox		
May 23 2003	Left Bank on Madison Avenue		
Apr 24 2003	Pretty good		
Dec 13 2002	Getting better all the time		
Dec 13 2002	mmm..non so...		
Oct 30 2009 	Bon hôtel mais pas à la hauteur de son nom...		
Oct 15 2009 	spettacolo senza luci		
Sep 24 2009 	Bon rapport qualité prix pour N.Y		
Sep 9 2009 	Typical New York Hotel		
Sep 7 2009 	Horrible		
Aug 25 2009 	Buon albergo ben servito ed in ottima posizione		
Aug 24 2009 	Pulito confortevole e lussuoso		
Aug 21 2009 	Excelente Localizacion Para Caminar Por New York		
May 23 2009 	Un hotel parfait pour decouvrir New York		
May 21 2009	Carlton on Madison Avenue		
Apr 27 2009 	Ottimo albergo con camera spaziosa		
Apr 20 2009 	Muy buen hotel moderno y con inmejorable situación		
Apr 14 2009 	Bon rapport qualité prix		
Jan 12 2009 	A due passi da tutto...		
Dec 7 2008 	???		
Nov 5 2008 	Gran hotel bonita decoración inmejorable situación		
Sep 4 2008 	Carlton...Nous avons adoré !		
Aug 27 2008 	Ottima scelta!		
Aug 25 2008 	Ottima posizione servizio sufficiente		
Jul 20 2008	Bon hotel mais Attention à la réservation		
Jun 9 2008 	el mejor hotel		
Mar 31 2008 	Gran hotel en el centro de Manhattan		
Oct 24 2006 	realmente bueno		
