	Great Value for Money	Recently stayed here with my daughter. Really nice hotel in Downtown location. Close to Soho, China Town and Greenwich Village. Subway 5 mins walk to Uptown Manhattan. Staff very friendly and helpful. Would recommend this hotel. Within a 20 min walk to the financial district, World Trade Centre and the Staten Island Ferry. Great Value for money, with a good restaurant. Rooms clean and although not big, they have everything you could want. If you want a drink there is a central tea/coffee making service on each floor.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great getaway cool hotel very friendly fantastic location	Very cool and funky hotel, but with no attitude. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful - didn't feel at all like a usual hotel experience. Fantastic location right near Soho - great for walking around, shopping, galleries, etc. We had a room on a high floor tucked away in a corner, which was great because most of the rooms are right off the atrium that is open all the way up from the lobby bar, which can be loud (and on Saturday night they had bands starting at 1130). We'd definitely stay there again.	
Nov 12 2009 	Good location; OK hotel	Tried to check in early and was advised nothing was available. Front desk attendant offered to call when room was ready and porter would store luggage. Call never came and upon return to hotel, the apology was less than sincere. After finally getting room key, was told that I would have to wait on bag until porter returned (eventhough there were two people behind the desk and no one else waiting for check in or any other service). Doormen were great; but front desk personnel were uncaring, at best. Room was typical cramped NY hotel room; nothing special. Couldn't find a pen, they use #2 pencils and leave a pencil sharpener in the room. Not really that impressed!	
Nov 11 2009 	Excellent hotel in perfect location for downtown activities	I have stayed here many many times and I really cannot praise it enough. recently I was invited to stay at a newly opened place in meatpacking, and it just reinforced my feelings about this place. OK it`s certainly not as fancy or modern as many others in New York, but the staff always remember you and say hi. Spacious rooms with THE most comfortable, 6 ft wide beds in the city, bar none, which minimises the Jet Lag! Not eaten in the restaurant, but have often ordered room service, especially in the early hours, always excellent. Although not to everyones taste, there is usually a pretty kicking party in the bar at the weekend, and we took full advantage of the one on Halloween. It can be difficult getting access for a late drink in some of the more happening places at the weekend, but as you`re a guest...The Concierge staff are always very helpful at arranging restaurants, clubs etc and seem to be pretty well connected, even got us a table at Per Se!!!Columbine round the corner for soups and sandwiches to go..a must!	
Oct 27 2009 	Outstanding service; beautiful hotel; great experience.	The Tribeca Grand has been a favorite destination when escaping for a night or two to lower Manhattan. A recent trip in October 2009 proved to me that the Tribeca Grand has developed the perfect recipe for the luxury NYC hotel experience - and it all stems from the quality of their people. ALL Tribeca Grand staff (from the valet/bell/door staff to the desk managers, concierge, bartenders and dining staff are pleasant, courteous, helpful, and professional (they actually make eye contact, introduce themselves, smile, and ask if they can help with anything!). The hotel and bar continue to provide a trendy, energetic environment, and the Sunday brunch is amazing. If you enjoy a high-end luxury hotel experience, the Tribeca Grand is for you.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Hotel - A little loud on a Saturday night	We arrived after a long flight from Melbourne, Australia.It was early evening and the check in was friendly and smooth.The room was available and although small by international standards, was a good size for New York!Toiletaries in the room were excellent.A large shower with different massage settings on the shower head was just what I needed on arrivel.We had a light dinner in the hotel.The food was well priced and good quality.After dinner we moved in to the bar and lounge area for some cocktails.The drinks were perfect and the staff attentive and helpful throughout.We retired to our room at about 11pm and settled in for some sleep.The only downside to this hotel (depends on what you are looking for) was the noise that resonates from the lounge and the back room bar into the early hours of the morning.If you are looking for a good night sleep on Saturday night, this is not the place to be!If you are looking to join in the crowd and settle in for the night and then go upstairs to your room, then this is a great place to be on a Saturday night in NYC.All in all, I highly recommend the hotel and in great location in Manhattan.	
Oct 12 2009 	Worst experience ever	I despise this hotel, but I have to say it is because of one horrible experience and if that hadn't happen, I would probably have not given such a bad review. The hotel itself is large and has a convention center, Las Vegas no soul kind of feel to it.The bad experience - we were celebrating a friend's birthday in the bar with about 8 people. We order a bottle of champagne for around $80. A little later we asked for 2 more bottles. The barman said he was out of that particular champagne and suggested a similar one. What he didn't tell us was that these bottles were $350 each. My husband ended up paying for them as he didn't want to cause a scene for my friend, and the bartender said that he showed us the bottle before pouring so it was our fault. To add salt to the wound, the cheeky bartender went off and told the other bartenders who all had a great laugh. The final insult, gratuity was added to the bill.	
Oct 11 2009 	Friendly Service in a Trendy Environment	This hotel was very convenient to both business and pleasure locations. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and I never once witnessed a rude or uninterested employee. The hotel was clean and comfortable. The decor was a cross between futuristic and factory environments...a very urban feel. I definitely recommend this hotel to family and friends and look forward to staying here again.	
Oct 10 2009 	Aub's 30th	When we went to New York for my 30th birthday I wanted to stay somewhere nice. I got a room at the Tribeca for $230 a night. Which I later found was the best deal I could have ever gotten. The staff there was super nice they had someone open the doors as you enter and exit the place. I hear you could also get a gold fish in your room (at no charge) if you ask for one. We got to the hotel at 6 am and the check in time is usually 3 pm. They let us check in and they even wished me a happy birthday. The Tribeca is only a few blocks away from ground zero and if you walk around further you will hit Wall Street, Battery Park, Little Italy and China town. One night we went out to the little tavern across the street (Tribeca Tavern) the locals were quite impressed that we were staying at the Tribeca. They had really good beers on tab and they even had a decent price on it. If you are looking for a nice place to hang out and play pool this is the place. Anybody looking to stay at a nice place while visiting New York should stay at the Tribeca Grand. The showers were big and the water pressure was perfect. The rooms were big and they even had nice views of the streets below so you can people watch.I forgot to mention that one night I wanted some lemons for my water and they brought it up in no time sliced!! Also, it's only a block away from the fire station from Ghostbusters.Have fun and enjoy the City!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Classy excellent service	I stayed here on business for a week. Impeccably classy and elegant hotel, trendy but not in your face. Subdued lighting and excellent furnishings in the lobby made this a very pleasant place to come back to after a long day of meetings. Would recommend it to anyone looking for a bit of old-school style in New York.	
Oct 5 2009 	Very helpful employees and employees that seem like they actually like their job	I stayed here for a business trip, I was exhausted when I arrived because I had flown overnight. Even though I arrived at the hotel at 11am, they had a room available for me. The doormen were amazing, they helped me find anything I needed (from a bar to coffee). The employees actually seemed like they liked their job, unlike just about everyone else you run into when in NYC. The location was perfect with subway stops just a block away. I will definitely be coming back there. I am happy to have found this hotel in NYC.	
Sep 7 2009 	A great hotel in a popular section of the CIty . . .	Tribeca Grand is located in a convenient area in walking distance to Soho, Chinatown and Little Italy. In our past and recent visit, the hotel staff has been exceptional from check-in through our stay. Rooms are very clean, nicely decorated with top rate bathroom amenities. Very nice lounge, and we enjoyed a great breakfast in our rooms --Real plus is the complimentary coffee, tea and hot chocolate areas on each floor. Will definitely be back.. . Love this place and the great staff. . .	
Sep 5 2009 	Not bad but will probably try another hotel next time.	Good location. Stayed in a 1 bedroom suite (actually turned out to be more like an alcove studio). Room is smaller than it looks in the photos. I actually rearranged the sitting area furniture to make the space more usable. &quot;Bedroom&quot; was small enough that the closet door actually hits the side of the bed when you open it. And the computer was a mac that hadn't been updated for years, so it was basically useless. Couldn't even view Google Maps. When you turn on the TV, if you don't hit a channel or something immediately, it wont come on. Power button isn't enough. Right by the bathroom, kept getting a strong whiff of cigarette smoke. So, though it was nice, there was a lot that bugged me. Probably not worth the almost $1200 I spent for a 2 night weekend stay. For that money, I'll try the Standard in Meat Packing next time.	
Sep 4 2009 	Grand vs Not-So-Grand	Grand: quiet part of town, sound machine in ceiling, trendy and cool, breakfast, bathroom products, plenty of towels, prompt housekeeping, cool bar especially after-hours, mini and snack bar, 24 hour room service, coffee bars on each floor, locationNot-so-Grand: AC didn't work well - room couldn't get cooler than 71oF, linens could be better, small room, loud hallway, dank smell in roomI will try another Tribeca hotel to get a better idea of how the Tribeca Grand rates against others!	
Sep 4 2009 	Made a memorable visit even more memorable	This is a great boutique hotel. Chic, cool, comfy and fun. Enjoyed the room, drank well in the lounge, and the staff were friendly without being overbearing. Would definitely stay there again. Best of all is the location. A great place to stay, close to all the cool neighborhoods, and perfect for getting away from mid-town madness at the end of a day.	
Aug 28 2009 	I am in love with the concierge	This is a good hotel. If you want to live in Tribeca, it is a great hotel. Rooms are small, no view to speak of and I find the &quot;Church Lounge&quot; a bit too dark, but it's still nice to have a semi-fashionable place to revert to when all else fails. Some sort of indie rock festival there when I was staying there made me feel like an elder indie rock statesman, nice. That said, the most spectacular feature of the place is the absolutely gorgeous female concierge who made me weak-kneed just speaking with her and to top it off was superbly competent. I felt like I was back in high school, wanting to pass her a note everytime I walked by, but as in high school I remained silent and admired her &quot;professionalism&quot;. What a goddess. The male concierges were good too but I don't swing that way, and the doormen are friendly. A good hotel.	
Aug 20 2009 	Excellent design hotel with nice atmosphere in great location	We very much enjoyed our stay at the Tribeca Grand. Friendly staff, great location, good atmosphere and excellent restaurants and shops nearby. Good value for money also. Highly recommended.	
Aug 8 2009 	Wonderful Respite!	My husband and I traveled with friends to NYC for our 25th wedding anniversary celebration. While we love so much about Manhattan, the show, the restaurants, etc., we were really looking to get out of the busy muck of the city. Tribeca and the Tribeca Grand were exactly what we were looking for. Granted, we stayed for several days during the week, rather than weekend, but we found the privacy and solitude we were looking for, all while having easy access to concerts, broadway plays, shopping, and exceptional food. We love the sleek, European styling of the place, too. For NYC hotel rooms, these were amply appointed.The staff was friendly without being overbearing. Manny set us up with a great package that allowed us to sample some of the hotel's offerings, like incredible goat cheese and arugala pizza for late night munching. Try the ginger pineapple mojitos...a perfect blend of unusual flavors.The concierge was incredibly friendly and helpful. He tracked down a bocce court for us in the West Village for an afternoon game in the park, as well as suggested some incredible local restaurants. When I mentioned that I loved the peppermint bar soap in the room, the staff connected me to the website where I could order direct.Much thanks to everyone at the Tribeca Grand. We will be back.~ Karen M.	
Aug 6 2009	Helpful and pleasant staff good food and drink excellent value for NYC	I stay at a few different NYC hotels depending on my activities. This trip Tribeca or SOHO seemed the best location and I choose the TribecaGrand mainly for the location. I was very satisfied. The staff could not of been more accomodating, the food I ate was above par and the bar is great.	
Jul 23 2009 	Crooks	My ring was stolen from my room. When I alerted security they told me they would take care of it and it was unnecessary to call the police. By listening to them I gave them plenty of time to cover their tracks. When I asked for copies of entries into our room I was told they would get back to me. When I asked about cameras in the hall they said there were none. Now they say they are not liable. DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Jul 23 2009 	Dirty dated and small.......	This hotel is over priced when compared to other 5* hotels in Manhattan. The rooms are small, dark, dirty and dated. The reality of this hotel is very different to the web site and nothing compared to the local W's or say hotel's like the Omni Berkshire, New York Palace etc. I would not recommend booking into this hotel, even if you do like the night life it offers, stay somewhere else.	
Jul 21 2009 	Amazing Impeccable LOVE IT!	This is the first time I'm writing a review, but we've (wife, myself, 2 puppies) stayed at the Tribeca Grand more than 5 times and I can't emphasize this enough; I wouldn't stay anywhere else in the city. The rooms always immaculate, the service always excellent, the staff always remembers us, and I've never seen anyone unhappy or complaining. The food is delicious, so good there's no guilt ordering room service. Considering the level of food offered in Tribeca, staying in can be regrettable. The Sunday brunch is lavish and incredible; we once went and weren't even staying there. Best of all, it's quite possibly the most pet friendly hotel in the country. Not only does the staff recognize them and offer them room service but they're also allowed in the church lounge. Where else can you sip martini's or eat a lavish brunch with your precious little puppy babies?? The location is excellent; far enough into Tribeca that you're near everything you want/need, same thing ;), but also a cool 5 minute walk from Soho and Chinatown proper. Nearby restaurants are some of Tribeca's finest (too many to list) and of course the church lounge is always a great place to be, especially during the Tribeca film festival when even the hotel screen movies because they have a theater in the basement. Still not convinced?? For those hectic NYC days, stay in and practically every place in Tribeca delivers and, oh yea, did I mention I've never been denied a late checkout.	
Jul 12 2009 	Very friendly but had a problem with the shower that was not resolved	The hotel staff were very friendly, but the issue we had with the shower was never resolved. The water poured out of the shower onto the the bathroom floor and soaked the floor and it even reached into the bedroom. We contacted the front desk and they said they'd send and engineer to fix the problem. They said that three days in a row and the problem was never resolved. It made the stay very uncomfortable. They attempted to address the issue by giving us free passes to the Sunday brunch. They apologized at check out but that was not satisfactory. On Friday and Saturday nights there is a party at the Church bar downstairs. The music was so loud that you could hear it in your room all evening. We were on the 5th floor.We will not stay at the hotel again.	
Jul 11 2009 	A very good experience	The hotel is stylish and comfortable, the staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel is well located, close to the A C E subway lines, and in walking distance to numerous downtown NYC locations. You have access to 3 newspapers each weekday. Suggest you join the hotel's frequent guest plan before you reserve which will entitle you to a $25 per day credit on hotel services such as food, drink, etc.	
Jul 10 2009 	Chic but lacking utility	The look of the hotel was great --including the hotel bar Church. It's in a very convenient location in Tribeca with the subway around the corner. Also there is a free coffee, mocha, hot chocolate machine on each floor.Cons: Wireless is about $10 per day. The rooms are cramped and lack outlets, shelving and generally space to put your toiletries etc. Shower leaked out on to the floor (enough to spill into the bedroom) but the shower was made more for looks than use. The response to our complaint about this was cool and not helpful at the moment. (I'm staying here as I write this.)Will update with service responses. By the way, I'm in my 20s and on business.	
Jul 1 2009 	Amazing Experience	Wonderful hotel &amp; great service upon arrival. The room was sheek and extremely clean &amp; quiet. They rent out an iPod &amp; iPod player, which is a great feature. Cabs are called for you, the lounge downstairs is always happening and the overall atmosphere is upbeat and sexy. The valet was quick with retrieving the car and pulled it right up front, no dents, dings or scratches, so they handle luxury vehicles, and I am sure others, with care. I would absolutely stay again, a very romantic night in NYC...not too far from Nobu, which is a great dinner spot.	
Jun 29 2009 	Loved it will return	The Tribeca Grand is wonderful boutique-like hotel. The rooms are comfortable, and big enough to hold your luggage. The decor is trendy, but comfortable. The interior is an open concept, with a fun courtyard where we enjoyed our coffee and newspaper. The location is wonderful, especially for people interested in shopping in SoHo and good restaurants. The only caveat is how it is very, very loud at night because ofthe clubb-y atmosphere noise. There is a sound reduction system in the room to help counter it, but unfortunately ours did not work. We just put on white noise on our computer to fix it. I think I would check that upon arriving next time. However, the noise didn't hurt our opinion, we loved the place. We will definitely return.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great hotel and great location	Husband and I stayed at the Tribeca Grand in mid June and loved it. The hotel itself is very nice and we were treated great from check -in to check-out. We utilised Patrick, the concierge, a lot and all of his suggestions were great. The location was perfect for us to explore Soho, Tribeca and Little Italy. Explored mostly those areas but even walked to Little Italy for dinner and it was only about a 10 minute walk. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that wants both a great hotel and a great location. We will definitely stay here again.	
Jun 11 2009 	Fabulous	Love New York, love Tribeca, loved this hotel. Polar opposite experience here, compared with my stay at The Old Mill Inn in Toronto. There was a massive power outage that knocked out most of lower Manhattan, but the staff stepped up to the plate and delivered fantastic service with a smile. The concierge even sent someone in a taxi to pick up cheeseburgers and shakes for us!The rooms are great, very clean and just an all round perfect place to stay.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great stay	Stayed for four nights on a short break with my wife. Door and bell staff always very courteous and polite. More than helpful. Same for all staff in fact in the hotel.The hotel rate was steeps but afetr a little bit of searching I got a rate at about 60% of the hotel website rate on hotels.com. It pays to look around.The hotel is well placed convenient to Canal St subway stop and also for exploring and walking.Avoid rooms towards the 6th Ave side and low down--road noise is somewhat offputting and annoying. I would opt for the other side. I suspect we got a poor room becuse we paid rock bottom prices but I could be wrong.Rooms were spacious via NYC standard and bathrooms well stocked with good toiletries, although I note the toiletries were sparingly replenished against what si normal in many other US hotels. Whether this is derived from a green drive or a greenback motivations is unclear. The bathwoom was a bit shabby, but overall the room was a 7 out of 10.we didn;t eat or drink in the hotel once--the prices were quite high and there are any number of spots on East Broadway direction for meals and drinks. (Try Petite Abeille for breakfast, lunch, or dinner, and Another Room beside the Tribeca Tavern for a pleasant micro beer.)All in all, a good spot. We visited friends in the Soho Grand just a few blocks away and the rooms, while the same price, were smaller, and the bar scene didn't seem as good, although the location is arguably better/quieter.	
Jun 1 2009 	Best hotel in the area!	I stayed here with my husband for a long weekend and we both really liked the hotel. You can find trendier hotels in the area, but this one is just perfect. We stayed in a standard room and it was big enough for us and all our shopping! The breakfast was amazing and the staff were very helpful and friendly. A big plus for the free wi-fi which worked really well.	
May 21 2009 	Not worth the money!	Superb service from friendly and helpful staff - with great sense of humour! Good location if you need to be in Tribeca. However, the room was a dissapointment, see enclosed pictures of our socalled &quot;suite&quot; - looked more like a storageroom. Does not correspond with pictures on homepage! For this kind of money one would expect more. Very dark and &quot;hip&quot; room, very small bathroom where you had to shower inside a tiny bath tub. Great beds, but be aware this Hotel does not have twin beds, also not mentioned on the homepage.Ordered roomservice and payd 86 dollars for juice, coffe, toast, one fried egg and an very basic omelette - definitely not worth the money!	
May 18 2009 	Excellent stay	We have just returned from a trip to the states which included 4 nights at the Tribeca Grand.The room was an ok size for NY and had a large comfortable bed and large TV. There also was a wardrobe with safe and iron. The bathroom was a good size and nicely decorated.The bar/restaurant area of the hotel was stunning and looked quite busy.The doormen were very friendly which was good as the check-in staff weren't overly cheerful!There was free coffee/tea and hot chocolate available on each floor but no milk only half and half meaning a trip to the bar to make tea.The main downside was a very noisy graduation party on one night of our stay which went on til 1am and could be heard in our room. On mentioning it to the concierge the next day we got a brief apology but didn't appear to be overly concerned at our inconvenience.We enjoyed our stay and the area around the hotel was good with subways very close-by.	
May 13 2009 	most horrible valentine's day ever	my husband &amp; i really liked the tribeca grand having stayed there quite a few times, and joined their grand guest program. however, the last 2 stays, including this one, showed us almost no benefits for joining the program, and worse yet, made us consider why we had even liked the hotel in the first place. our biggest gripe of course, is the room--we specifically asked for a high floor room, which is also in our preferances as &quot;grand guests&quot;. we checked in early and were given a low floor room, which was also very noisy and immediately asked to change. we were told that the hotel was full and that was all they had for us. we observed other guests checking in much later. why werent we given the room we had requested since we had checked in earlier? we let this go, thinking it was a one time thing. when we checked in for a romantic valentine's day weekend, also early, and also requesting the high floor in advance, we were again denied. the room was very noisy, and we heard noise all through the night from the lobby and bar just one floor down. in addition, as &quot;grand guests&quot; we had a $25 meal voucher which we used for bkfst the next morning. the bkfst never came. after waiting almost 2hrs we called and was told that bkfst would be up in 10mins but that didnt happen either. starving, we finally had to go across the street and spend much more than $25 for bkfst. we wrote an email to the manager about our problems, specifically bkfst. after about a month, he finally answered us apologizing for not answering sooner and that he would look into the matter. we are still waiting for a resolution. meanwhile, we will never stay there again. too bad.	
Apr 30 2009 	Hip Chic and Friendly...a surprising package	This was my first stay at the Tribeca Grand and I know I will be back in years to come. The staff was amazing....so friendly and willing to help. The hotel itself has a wonderful cool vibe that spills over into the guest rooms. The rooms themselves are a little small but what room in NYC isn't? The location is perfect for visiting Canal St, Soho and the Village...only a short walk to Nobu if you feel like treating yourself :-)Also, the hotel bar ,aka the Church Lounge, was hopping on the Saturday night that I was there. It got busy around 10:30pm and stayed packed until after 2am...they had a DJ spinning and there was great people watching.All in all, worth every penny!	
Mar 8 2009 	loved it	If you need to be in Soho, there aren't many hotel to choose from. This is a great choice of a hotel. Clean and chic. Seemed like the lobby lounge bar was a hot spot for nightlife. Greeted with champaign. Valet was fast enough. The room was on a smaller side but nothing much to complain. Probably the best hotel experience in NYC where you have to lower your expectations on room size and services and load your wallet before you go. I'd go back.	
Mar 6 2009 	Excellent 	We got upgraded to a bigger room when we first checked in when we asked if any upgrades were available. The service was excellent. Room service always arrived within 15-20 minutes. Everybody greeted us in the hallways and whenever we left and returned to the hotel. The management is doing a great job at this hotel. Our room was a fine size for us. We had a view of the west side. Great location. Within 5-10 min walking distance to Chinatown, 15 min to Soho. We paid $195/night through Expedia. Free wi-fii.	
Feb 1 2009 	Great Price for the Area	The Hotel is located in the heart of downtown Manhattan. The price was great especially in comparison to other trendy downtown hotels such as the Greenwhich or Mercer. The staff is extremely freindly from the time you book a room with their reservations department to the time you check out. They will bend over backwards to make your trip a memorable occasion. Also they give pet goldfish in the rooms, that you can even take home!! This was great seemings we had a short ride home.	
Jan 6 2009	Wonderful boutique hotel in Tribeca	I have stayed in this hotel over a half-dozen times in the last several years. It is consistently excellent -- with small imperfections that do not stop me from returning.The location is absolutely perfect (though this is a highly subjective judgment), great for walking around lower Manhattan with good access to multiple subway lines. The hotel has free bicycles that can be borrowed, and there are plenty of appealing places to ride from the hotel.Rooms are not large, but perfectly adequate. The room decor is a bit dark, but all rooms have large picture windows. Rooms are more high-end efficient than luxurious (most look like they were renovated 2-5 years ago), with good linens and bathroom amenities. There are flat-screen t.v.'s in all rooms with good music systems. Most rooms have appealing writing desks and sufficient electric outlets -- not as common as it should be.WiFi is free (as it should be) for members of the hotel's frequent guest program, but available for a fee for others (which is not right; WiFi should be a free amenity everywhere).Imperfections: on some visits reservations have not been in order; on more than one occasion Internet service has been interrupted for lengthy periods of time, which is not acceptable when on business (or any) travel; guest services are usually -- but not 100% consistently -- responsive.Also, the prices of rooms fluctuate too much according to season, discounts, availability and demand (on a very wide spectrum). I understand why this occurs, and it is the trend, but it is very unpleasant -- akin to the trend that has made the airline industry as loathed as it is.However, despite these problems, the Tribeca Grand is great -- as is its sister property in SoHo (the SoHo Grand), which is just a few blocks north but closer to the downtown shopping action for those more interested in shopping and an abundance of immediately available cafes. Be careful of your room choice at the SoHo grand: some rooms at the SoHo Grand have great views, other rooms have almost no view at all.Note that perhaps the best thing about the Tribeca Grand is its soaring atrium lobby, wonderful in the morning (for quiet breakfasts with the newspaper), afternoon (working on a laptop or enjoying the stylish crowd) and night (when the bar is hopping and the music great).Highly recommended.	
Nov 18 2008 	great location	Tribeca Grand is in a great location for tourists - it's an easy walk to Greenwich Village, SoHo, etc and the rest of downtown. Plus the A-line subway out to JFK is right behind the hotel, and it's generally good for public transport. Also there were bars and restaurants very close by, if you don't want to venture far. My room was fine - sizeable (for NY), clean, big windows, although not fantastic value at 450$. Very helpful concierge service. Didn't bother with restaurant and bar etc, although the bar seemed popular with people from outside in the evenings. I'd go back, for the location as much as anything.	
Nov 2 2008 	Tribecca is a Nice Neighborhood this will get the job done	The Tribeca Grand is a good hotel in the Tribeca district of NYC. The big positive for this hotel is the access to the adjacent neighborhood. You will be happiest if you get out of your room and enjoy this part of New York City. The neighborhood is relatively livable and quiet for New York City. There are a number of great restaurants within a four-five block range of this hotel. I have eaten at an excellent Brazillian and Italian restaurant.The room is clean and adequate but nothing to write home about.The restaurant inside the hotel is just ok and I have found the service slow.The ambience of the lobby/atrium is nice and kind of new-ish looking. But overall, the best advice is not to linger at this hotel.This is no ShangriLa, but the neighborhood is very nice. If you are blessed with good walking around weather, you will have a great time -- provided you leave the hotel property.	
Oct 23 2008 	Overall a nice hotel good location	I stayed at the hotel from Monday to Friday for business. The room is fairly small in North American standard, kind of disappointed. Internet is slow, and TV is not in good quality. (though a DVD is provided).Overall it's a nice hotel, comfortable bed, nice deco, good location. It's within walking distance to Soho area, downtown Manhattan, and subway station in 3 mins. Staffs are mostly courteous, the concierge are very helpful	
Oct 12 2008 	Reserved through PriceLine; Treated as though we had paid full price	This was our first experience with PriceLine. We were delighted --with PriceLine and with the hotel we were assigned, Tribeca Grand.We requested 4* and got a wonderful temporary residence.What impressed me most is that even though we were paying well below the rack rate, we were treated as if we were full fare passengers.First we were given a minor upgrade, something I had experienced only once before in 50+ on line bookings; second, everyone, from the front desk to the concierge, could not have been more welcoming, a sharp contrast to our last NYC visit (reviewed May 2007 on TripAdvisor); third, staff members did not have their hands out for tips: we had problems with the inroom safe; when I tried to give the maintenance man a tip, he thanked me but refused, telling me the problem was their fault as they had not provided adequate instructions.You are within easy walking distance of 6 subway lines ... and there are lots of cute places to eat nearby (including some wonderful, if a bit strange, little holes in the wall for breakfast).Our favorite &quot;neighborhood place&quot; was called, to the best of my memory, &quot;South&quot;: walk out the front door of Grand Tribeca and go to 11 o'clock. The food was not the very best -- but adequate; the ambiance was the closest to &quot;Cheers&quot; I've every experienced.Would I pay full rack rate? It would depend upon the situation; were I to again bid on PriceLine and find I had been assigned Grand Tribeca, I would be delighted..	
Sep 16 2008 	Love this hotel!	Booked this hotel on www.tablethotels.com - which is a great website if you're looking for trendy/hip hotels that are tyipcally 4 or 5 stars.This hotel is in a great location - located in Tribeca but just a few blocks south of all the action of Soho (just avoid the peddlers on canal st as you walk over). The rooms are small (typicaly NYC) but very trendy. I loved the bathrooms - rainforest showerheads and great products. The service is wonderful - they really go the extra mile to ensure your comfort and the concierge was great w directions and reservations.I've also stayed at their sister property (Soho Grand Hotel) and although the experience is similar, I prefer the Tribeca Grand just slightly over the Soho Grand, but would recommend both.	
Sep 9 2008 	Need rehab and better customer service4	We had booked the hotel for two nights. First of all DO NOT book one of their packages and expect to get what they state on their website. I booked the Tryst in Tribeca and the front desk barely knew what it was (thankfully I had printed out what was included and showed it to them) The rooms are very dated and need to be rehabed. Very small, old dirty carpet, paint peeling from ceiling, tiny bathrooms, dirty drapes. We booked the Executive King at 449.00 a night for the package, because we were told it was the largest. I hate to see what the smallest ones are. There was one chair so one of us had to sit on the bed to watch TV. When questioned about whether or not it was the type of room we had booked, the front desk told me they must have had the wrong pictures of the rooms on the website. Nothing at all as described to me at the Grand Guest desk. Very poor customer service. The &quot;lounge&quot; is part of the restaurant. Sort of reminded me of an old Hyatt with the atrium in the middle and rooms surrounding. Food wasn't bad, and the Sunday brunch was good. All in all we didn't stay the second night because the rooms were so bad. Nothing around the hotel either. If you want to be around shops, stay at the Soho Grand. Hotel was very pricy even with the &quot;extras&quot; in the package. There are a lot of much nicer hotels in NYC for less money. Don't be fooled by their website. The hotel looks nothing like the pictures. All in all a terrible experience.	
Sep 8 2008 	Good Stay	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights over the Labor Day weekend booking a promotional rate on the hotel website. From the being to end our stay went well and we found no issues to complain about whatsoever. The staff were all very nice and we found the concierge very helpful. Would stay here again.	
Aug 28 2008 	4 stars for the 4th!	We stayed here for 4 nights over the 4th of July as tourists to NYC for the first time. I had an interview at the end of June (were put up elsewhere for that) and so I was able to take it all in when we got to the Tribeca Grand. My husband and I booked this hotel through Hotwire (chose the 'boutique' option) and read the reviews. Like all hotels, there are a couple of negative reviews here but they are the exceptions. Having lived in the UK for almost 7 years, I was nervous about the tipping at what markets itself as a posh hotel. The location was great. We do everything the hard way, so took the subway everywhere and walked a lot of the time. The subway stop is just around the corner, there is lots in the local area, and even walking to the 4th of July fireworks near Brooklyn Bridge was not too far. We even took the subway back to JFK for our flight and it was manageable - not recommended though! Must-do's nearby: Canal Street and the nearby shops - nothing like it anywhere!, shops up Broadway (keep walking!), a couple of nice trendy eateries/wine bars nearby (did not partake - too busy) or diners the other direction, and the legendary Bubby's for brunch (120 Hudson St).The door staff at the Tribeca Grand were always courteous and were extremely gracious when we did tip them (for taking our bags for the day when we were leaving, and then when retrieving them). Furthermore, the desk staff were very nice in our brief interactions with them, including getting our keys, info, and leaving our valuables in the safe (there is a small one in the room as well) and finally checking out. They seemed to be bending over backwards for customers, too - I was waiting in the lobby as they helped a bride-to-be who was putting up her bridal party there and had a complicated arrangement of treats to leave in the rooms.The room was small (a standard double) but not overly so. What you would expect for a big city. Large windows and clean lines in the decor helped to make it feel airy and we had plenty of space for all of our things. Nice storage for clothes, etc. The bathroom was chic and in good order. Wonderful toiletries, which the staff replaced entirely each day. Good hairdryer, although a) I brought my own and b) it was so humid that once I stepped outside all styling was undone anyway. There were comments from other reviewers about the noise from the atrium. This wasn't a problem for us, even over the weekend. It made for a great atmosphere during the day and evening. The whole hotel is extremely stylish and if you have the chance, take a peek at the film-screening area downstairs (same level as the gym). You have to pay for the wireless connection, and we didn't need it much so I didn't try it. Everything was excellent but I didn't have any food or drinks there as I got the impression that everything was a bit too expensive. If I'd paid full price for the room, I might not have seen it as so great. (We paid about $200/night.) But the location was excellent too, so perhaps it's worth it?! I'd certainly stay there again for the same price and in a pinch might even pay a bit more.	
Aug 27 2008 	Off the beaten Path	We decided at the last minute to take a trip to New York City. After searching the internet for the best deals we chose the Tribeca Grand Hotel. As a first time visitor to New York we were leary of not staying in a familiar &quot;chain&quot; hotel. What a pleasant surprise! Our choice of hotels was superb, could not ask for anything better. The rooms were large and modern. The inside atrium was gorgeous and we felt so safe in such a big city. The concierge was very helpful in booking our helicopter tour over the city he even gave us some batteries for our camera, so thoughtful. We chose to eat all of our meals in the hotel restaurant as it was so very very good. The service was superb, our waitress was over the top! We look forward to staying here again when we visit New York.	
Aug 7 2008 	Good hotel not GRAND	My partner and I stayed at the hotel for five nights Wed-Mon. Made reservation through Priceline. Immediately when notified of the hotel that &quot;accepted our bid&quot; I came here to check the reviews.1) Noise - other than the whirring (constant) which seemed the controls were on top of our room (#802) the white noise device at the door can be turned up/down to help drown out any lobby noise.2) Location - GREAT location for the A-C-E or 4-5-6, and close to walk to SOHO and Village and a number of local restaurants as well.3) Staff - wonderful and friendly...numerous doormen always there to help.4) Wireless internet in the room - slowwwwwww5) Shower water pressue - AWFUL. There was very little water pressure to take a shower, that was most disappointing.6) Workout room looked very good, didn't use it however.7) Bed - large King bed was nice...8) TV - no &quot;sleep&quot; function..hello, it is 2008!	
Jul 18 2008 	Kind of a Faded Star	Wanted to splurge in NYC, and booked a room here.I have mixed feelings about it. The room felt like the absolute pinnacle of design - from about 2003. It just seems that time has ever so slightly passed the Tribeca Grand by. In a regular hotel, that's fine, but I honestly expected more given their reputation.Try the SoHo Grand instead!	
Jul 15 2008 	Tribeca Grand lived up to expectations	Great service, great location, great rooms!	
Jun 25 2008 	Pleasant... until check out.	I recently stayed at the Tribeca Grand for a business trip. Because there was a bit of a savings and a few extra things my business partner and I booked the &quot;Tryst in Tribeca&quot; package which included a &quot;full american breakfast delivered to your room&quot; along with champagne on arrival (which we never got, maybe you had to ask for it). We ordered the breakfast from the room service menu the first night - when it was delivered the next morning the guy gave us the bill with the full amount charged to it. I told him that we had the &quot;tryst&quot; package and the breakfast was included. I gave him our card that listed all of the items that came in our package and he seemed satisfied with that and said he would correct it. Next day we had arrived too late the night before to order from the room service menu. The next morning we called down to the front desk to see if it was too late to order breakfast that was included in our package - the person that answered said it wasn't and to get &quot;whatever you like&quot;. So we got a hold of room service and got two breakfasts (salmon and whitefish platters - not cheap at $25 each), one fruit salad, two oj's and coffee and tea. They brought it up to us and again gave us the bill ($108), we told them that we had the &quot;tryst&quot; package and that it was included. They acted like they knew nothing so we told them to call the front desk and have them explain that it was included.... getting frustrated at this point since our room cost about $400 per night you would think that room service and the front desk could communicate with each other. So.... that morning I go to check out and, of course, the bill has both of our breakfasts on it. Then after I explain about our &quot;full american breakfasts delivered to our room&quot; package the desk person brings it back to the manager. Apparently we had a $60 limit for each breakfast. We were supposed to have received a voucher when we checked in that explained that information (never received it). I explain to them that I never received it and didn't know there was a spending limit (which you would think they would explain to you when you check in or even when you book the reservation... in case your voucher isn't in the packet that they give you.) After 15 minutes of waiting around (and the next customer behind me checking out and having their breakfasts on the bill as well) I had to leave. The manager wasn't able to speak right then so he called me while I was in the cab - I explained myself that we never received a voucher. He said he couldn't do anything about it and that we would have to pay the difference in the amount - he was really not nice about it and basically made me feel like crap. I was really disappointed in their customer service which is why I'm writing this review. If he had been a little more flexible and understanding and offered to not charge for that extra $60 or so bucks (which there is about the cost of 2 oj's, coffee tea and a bagel) then I would be writing a much nicer review. The room was pretty - although the tv sound kept getting softer then really loud. The bed was comfy. The food was yummy. I just wish the people had been more accommodating and understanding. Beware if you book a package from them to get all the info ahead of time and know there is a limit on a &quot;full&quot; breakfast. Oh yeah, and get ready to spend some serious dollars.	
Jun 18 2008 	Definitely worth it!	We booked the Tribeca Grand Hotel through Priceline for a girls weekend in NYC. Wasn't too sure what to expect given some of the reviews we read. Wow, were we ever impressed! The star treatment started when we checked into the hotel and were offered a glass of champagne! We were pleasantly surprised to get a room with two double beds high up on the 7th floor even through the Priceline booking was for a King. Could not hear any noise throughout the whole weekend from the bar. Another plus was the free coffee/hot chocolate machine (found on every floor!).The room itself was extremely spacious - the largest I've ever seen for a NYC hotel. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Location was ideal - walking distance from Canal Street and Soho and steps away from all major subway lines.Would HIGHLY recommend this hotel!!!	
Jun 18 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	I stayed here with my husband last week for one night. We requested a non-smoking room but the first room had definitely been smoked in, probably by a guest who didn't care that it was designated non-smoking. The bellman agreed with us, called down to the front desk and immediately moved us to a new room.We had a standard room, it was very clean, easy wireless internet access (for $10) and not a bad size for New York City. Aesthetically, the decor is modern and very cool, which is great in the sleeping area. I did not particularly enjoy some of the modern design implementations in the bathroom. For example, I personally was not fond of the stainless steel sink with the ball drain stopper in the bathroom - it felt too much like a kitchen sink, but this is a decor preference and did not really affect the nature of my experience. I also wish they had more places to hang towels - the bathroom decor is sparse, and with just two people, I still found it difficult to find a place to hang our wet towels -there is only one hook on the back of the bathroom door, and no place to hang a hand towel.Ladies with makeup bags - be vigilant - the trash can in the bathroom is situated under a hole that is cut out of the sink counter - again, a modern design idea that I think is not practical at all. I had quite a few toiletry and makeup items, and first of all, the hole took up valuable counter space, and secondly, I was a bit concerned that we may accidentally drop something in there and not notice until it was too late to retrieve it. However, these are minor things. The hotel staff is very attentive and wonderful and we ate breakfast and a late snack in the hotel restaurant. Wonderful! Pricey but delicious. Night-owls and bar-hoppers - note that the neighborhood is not much at night - not a lot going on in the area, it is by Canal Street, which does not provide much by way of night life. It is close to the Canal Street subway station, for those of you who don't mind taking the train.Overall, a nice experience at the Tribeca Grand.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Hotel	We were a little concerned after reading various reviews about this hotel on Tripadvisor regarding noise. Yes the hotel has an open atrium and on the weekend the bar is loud, but for us noise was never an issue. The rooms are smalli (king sized beds only no doubles) but very nice and the room was very clean. Staff was excellent. Great downtown location. Recommended hotel.	
May 29 2008 	Loved it!	My mother and I made a reservation to stay with another hotel in New York. The hotel, after discovering that they had overbooked for the night of our check in, made arrangements for us with the Tribeca Grand. The staff were courteous, kind and prompt. Instead of transferring the next day, we asked if the Tribeca could give us a rate comparable to the one our original hotel offered. They could and they did! We stayed our entire vacation with them. On Saturday nights they offer a complimentary flute of champagne! The rooms are clean and cozy-- a welcome respite from the bellows of the surrounding city. Well done.	
May 28 2008 	Pretty Good - Lousy bar staff	Booked on Priceline for $190/night so really didn't care what I got. Got this and was pleasantly surprised by the quality. Was happy to be in Tribeca, an area I've grown to love for the relative tranquility yet proximity to Canal St/SoHo shopping etc. Plenty of restaurants/bars nearby (try the Landmark Restaurant a couple of streets away, great meal and they have a $30 Petite Syrah (only petite on the full bottle menu) that was awesome at such a reasonable price).Hotel room Exactly what I expected. Not huge, not small. Lovely king bed, large flat screen TV. Last review said he/she needed 2 controls..huh?? One remote operated the TV, large channel selection, decent movies.Bose clock radio was good.In room safe is secured using the credit card you used to book.Mini bar looked good but as you would expect...expensive.Toiletries, lovely, peppermint and lavender or some such thing...although conditioner was almost too thick to get out of the bottle.Had no need for the white noise in the room......I had no issues with noise form the bar below but was on top floor.Aircon worked well and was fairly quietGrand GuestI had signed up for this but booked through Priceline so they said it wasn't applicable....I disagreed and asked for a manager, pointed out to her that this being my first visit, I would contend that looking after me now might bring me back; the promise of a foam pillow , cookies and milk on a future stay when booked through their website only (thus paying 50% more) would not....surely repeat business is the point....she agreed...2 glasses of champage, milk, cookies, foam pillows, goldfish (Bruce - lol), continental breakfast each morning and an 8th floor room soon were agreed upon.ServicesFree internet behind the concierge or WiFi throughout (I think).Didn't eat there so no idea about that but did try to get some cheesecake about 1am on Sunday morning - room service had an answering machine, I went to bed. BarNYC bar staff can be a bit brusque but these lot added ignorant, slow, inept and unhelpful to the mix.Friday midday, just arrived, meeting others, went to bar. Sat for 20 minutes unserved (was alone). Female bartender was stocking up/ getting ice etc, fair enough...she sees me gives me the fakest smile ever...no words....looks at me and gives a slight upward motion of her head which I took to mean &quot;Hello sir, how are you today? What can I get you?&quot;........Saturday night, midnight - bar closed despite there being about 15 persons there, mostly residents....so this whole nightclub thing that seems to be a problem here certainly wasn't this night. I asked for the bar manager.....never appeared, I then watched the greasy haired Lothario wannabe behind the bar serve 2 young girls a full 15 minutes after I was told the bar was shut. I walked right over there, in his line of sight, prepared to let it go and just get a couple of drinks, to be roundly and completely ignored. I lost it at this point so waved him over and told him that his lack of professionalism was beginning to annoy me and that this was not his personal pick-up joint. He seems a tad nervous as I'm a big man, not that I threatened anyone or anything......some manager arrives to 'deal with me' however, I'm a professional, decent, nice person as is my girlfriend so what started out with him preparing for an arguement dissolved into me being apologised to, told that the senior person present chooses when to close the bar based on number of people there etc. made sense to me and I told him that but also told him what had gone on with the girls and Lothario boy...4 drinks were soon in my hands and off we popped to our room.Sunday night 2am - bar closed prior to my arrival, snotty nosed little runt behind the bar treated me like utter filth, sort of like &quot;Duh, it's 2am...what,are you stupid&quot; kind of attitude, with less words. I couldn't be bothered with another fight so we went to bed.Check outThey tried to charge me for the cookies and the breakfast (I signed nothing as they were Grand Guest amenities)...this was a different person to the one that I checked in with. Bored with it al now, I asked for another manager, luckily same one came out...nearly had a fit when she saw me again..lol....sorted the problem out.I say all this to highlight that their lack of customer service throughout the property ended up costing them a few $$. A simple &quot;I'm sorry Sir, we're closed for the night but I'd be happy to connect you to Room Service or send something up with them&quot; etc etc was all I was looking for.3 bar staff and not one of them with the knowledge of how to acknowledge a guest or prioritise those standing at it awaiting service. Given the inconvenience that the bar appears to be to many other guests (to the extent that white noise is in every room) I would have to assume that it is the main source of income here or at least a very significant one...if that is the case, get your staff better trained and learn to milk the cash cow.GeneralGood area, nice, clean property, bell staff excellent, managers excellent but working too hard to rectify mistakes by/atitudes of their staff.I doubt I'll go back by choice but if I Priceline it and this comes up I'll be happy with that too. I'll be sure to take names and challenge bad practice though as the managers are decent people and see sense. Who likes that much confrontation during a weekend though??	
May 26 2008 	Didn't meet expectations	I stayed at the Tribeca Grand for a business trip. The rooms were nice, but we had some problems with details. First, the windows could not be opened or closed except with the help of an &quot;engineer&quot; from the hotel. I was booked into a smoking room (which was not what I requested but couldn't change rooms because they were full) and the windows were open when I checked in and the following day housekeeping opened them as well (even though I wasn't smoking in the room). After getting in at 12:30 that night, I had to call the hotel &quot;engineer&quot; to come close them for me. One of the people I was traveling with wanted their windows open, and had to call someone to open them for him. What a pain! Would be nice it you could open and close the windows yourself. Additionally, all three people in my party had trouble figuring out how to use the TVs in their rooms (there were two controls that had to be used). Finally, they give you a questionnaire to fill out when you check in about your prefereces (what type of pillow, snack, etc.) which gets you all excited about your assumed special treatment, and find out you get none of your preferences on your first stay; they just keep the information on file should you ever stay there again. It would be helpful if this were communicated up front so as to set expectations, as all of the people in my travel party were expecting their preferences (foam pillows, chocolates, etc.)!On the positive side, the bed was very comfy.Next time I go to NYC I will probably stay somewhere where more &quot;action&quot; is going on -- good restaurants, shopping, etc., as there didn't seem to be much around the hotel.	
May 20 2008 	We Loved the Tribeca Grand!	We booked this hotel through Priceline and I was a bit worried when I read the mixed reviews. Not to worry the hotel was fabo - the room was average size, but clean as a whistle. The bed was comfy and the view from our window of the streets of Soho was so quaint. We weren't bothered by the noise from the bar at all. We had drinks at the bar - be prepared - it is $12 a pop at least. Great location - away from the hubbub of Times Square - easy walking distance to the Bleecker Street pubs, Little Italy restaurants and Canal Street shopping. Want to go back!	
May 12 2008 	Tribeca Grand -- Pros 	I stayed at the Tribeca Grand for an extended work stay. The pros of the hotel: (1) excellent location, in a very cool area of NYC, near public transportion, great restaurants; (2) very nice staff -- helpful, not offputtingly hip. The cons: (1) downstairs becomes a nightclub scene most nights of the week, and even in my 8th floor room, you could hear the noise; (2) decor is getting a little worn around the edges. Overall, this is an above-average hotel, although I would say that some other boutique hotels I've stayed at in NYC (Hotel on Rivington, Bryant Park Hotel) were a bit better in terms of style.	
Apr 20 2008 	Brilliant location very helpful and friendly staff	I spoke to reservations at the hotel and they advised me to become a &quot;Grand guest&quot; as I would get a discount when booking online. I was concerned about the noise from the bar after reading other reviews and so requested a high floor room. We were given early check in and I was really pleased to see we had a 6th floor room (there are 8 floors). Each floor has a coffee machine, which also provides hot chocolate and hot water - which was brilliant for tea-making after a hard days shopping! There's also an ice machine. The room was quite spacious (we upgraded) and had a good view over Avenue of the Americas. The only noisy night was a Thursday when a DJ played in the bar for a party. But once the door is shut we couldn't hear anything. The white noise machine sound like teh air-con but it wasn't needed. I thing noise may be more of an issue if you are on lower floor.The hotel is ideally situated if you want to shop downtown in the SoHo area, but it is also 5 minutes walk away from Canal Street which has loads of different subway lines to all parts of the city. Getting a cab is very easy too as the hotel is at the intersection of 2 main roads. The hotel staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. We asked the concierge to recommend bars, restaurants, diners which were really good. Ask for the shopping map as it has all the shops in the SoHo, NoHo area as well as uptown.This is a great hotel to stay in if you want to be able to access all parts of the city easily but want the feeling of a local neighbourhood. Great shops and bars in easy walking distance and they are friendly and helpful in the hotel.	
Apr 11 2008 	Horrible	I stayed at the Tribeca Grand on 3/29/08 for my 5th Anniversary. It was beyond atrocious. They put us on the second floor, failing to advise us that the atrium (the rooms all overlook the atrium) turns into a nightclub until the wee hours of the morning. Suffice it to say, all of the reasons why you don't want to sleep in a nightclub came true here. Even worse, after agreeing not to charge me for my room, the hotel charged my credit card anyway!!Avoid this hotel at all costs.	
Apr 8 2008 	Great But Not Fantastic	This is a great hotel - don't get me wrong - but for the money you pay there is better value around. I have to say the staff we so friendly and helpful that they did make us feel welcome from the minute we arrived. I usually stay upper west or midtown but decided to stay around Tribeca this time. The location is Ok if you want to be close to Soho but not in the middle of it and its a breeze getting in from the airport on the A train as the stop is right by the hotel. So Canal Street is nearby and there are lots of shops but there was not the number of bars or restaurants I expected. This probably explains why the hotel bar is so busy (untila round 2am on weekends) which can be a bit dull if you are trying to get some sleep. We were on level 5 and could still hear the noise even with the white noise machine turned right up. Rooms are adequate but I don't think they cleaned evry well as by the thrid day everything was very very dusty. Great toiletries (Malin &amp; Goetz) and the coffee machine is also a real bonus. Forget the gym however.	
Apr 6 2008 	Great stay at Tribeca Grand.	We stayed at Tribeca Grand for 5 nights, 28 march - 2 april.I had booked at corner king and was put in room 326, with a large floor-to-sealing window facing an officebuilding. Since the booking of the hotel I had dreamt of the lovely view of the streets of Tribeca (and not an officebuilding) so i gathered all the diva i had in me and went to the reception and asked for another room. At first i got the fully-booked line from a girl there, but furtunately a manager overheard our conversation, and he found room 305 for us. It was just a lovely room, everything i had wished for. Lots of space, a large closet for allt the fantastic shopping, a very nice bathroom with a tub and the most fantastic shower (the waterpressure was outstanding). And the room was clean. And i mean C-L-E-A-N. Everyday, the room was spotless and stocked up with amenities.The decor of the room had a kind of 70s feel to it. Brown walls with an orange lamp, hessian tapestry and brown linen drapes all gave the room a nice varm atmosphere.Around the corner from the room, there was a mashine where you could get coffee, tea, cappucino and hot chokolate for free.If you have tried this thing called jet-lag, where you wake up at 2 am and think it is 8 am and you are ready for your usual coffee, you understand what a god-sent this maschine was. All in all, a great hotel. Great location. Great experience.P.S.: Do try the Eggs Benedict.....	
Mar 27 2008 	I like this hotel a lot!	Anyone who has read any of my reviews knows that I am hard to please when it comes to hotels, but this hotel is excellent. I really like this place. It's expensive, but the decor is nice, the rooms aren't closets as SOME artsy fartsy hotels in New York and the service while it had a hiccup when I first checked in was completely excellent.The hotel has a good lobby, you WILL have to pay for Internet access (which is a down for a hotel this expensive), and the TVs were kinda cheapo for what I would have expected from a hotel in this price range. The bed and the bedding was great and the location is prime if you're in town on business. If you're traveling with family or here for more of a vacation, I'm not sure this is the right choice for you because you'll do more traveling than you would otherwise. The price for drinks and the restaurant were lower than the norm which caught me off guard. As for noise since it is in a busy location, I was on the 4th floor and didn't hear anything other than mild background noise on occasion.	
Mar 22 2008 	Great hotel that offers pet fish and ipods with your stay	I was in NYC for business and everything was booked so we had to stay at this hotel. They have a small but nice gym. The rooms have &quot;white noise&quot; pumped in so you can't hear the street noise. They have coffee bars on the floors to. Very good breakfast from the hotel resturant.	
Mar 13 2008 	Loved the Tribeca Grand great location friendly staff and worth every penny!	This was our second trip to NY and we decided to stay in SoHo rather than up or midtown as we had seen a lot of the sights and wanted to enjoy the funkier side of the city. The Grand is instantly recognisable due to its corner location, big clock and strange triangular shape! The decor is ultra modern and the vibe is quite &quot;hip&quot; with very youthful and exhuberant staff. The bar and restaurant were great - a little pricey but this is NY and the pricier area of SoHo so only what we expected - attentive staff, table service and a bar area. The food was a la carte sort of style but in american proportions - another words there was plenty! The rooms are very stylish with all the mod cons and a coffee machine is situated on each floor with free fill ups - always helpful for the late nights and early starts! Although the rooms are a little on the cosy side, this is pretty normal for NY and they are more than sufficient for getting ready in, sleeping in and being nosey from! We loved our stay here and found the staff really helpful; directions were given to various night haunts and when BA lost our luggage we were compensated with some lovely bubbly by the amazingly helpful receptionist! There is loads to do in the area, Canal St is literally round the block - not my thing but its there all the same! - the shopping in Soho is better than uptown, unless you want the big stores like Macys, but there is a Bloomingdales and pretty much everything else you could want. There are some great restaurants in the area but I would also recommend the Eggs Benedict at the hotel for breakfast and I would recommend you eat there one night during your stay as it really was that good. Have fun at the Tribeca Grand! Oh and go to TAO for dinner, its uptown, you will need a taxi and a hefty wallet but my god the food is to die for! You will need a reservation - I booked 3 weeks in advance and was lucky to get a table so don't wait until you get there!!	
Mar 3 2008 	never again	My boyfriend and I booked this hotel last August during our last 4 days out of a 2 weeks stay in New York.For our first 10 days we stayed in On the Ave Hotel. And it was great .Great location, service and great staff .But we decided to treat our selves for the remaining days with a more expensive hotel in the lower part of Manhattan.We saw that the rates of the Grand Hotel were higher than the previous hotel , but we took it any how. When we got there, the staff was indifferent, the room has this pretentious 60s theme that only made it gloomy. We had to call to remind them to bring the bathrobes and to refill the small bottles of shampoo which they would forget to do systematically for our stay there.The lounge area at the entrance was an extra pretentious meeting place for what I assumed were &quot;aspiring actors&quot; and people in the showbiz. And since everybody coming to the hotel to meet other people was overdress , we , as tourists, in our &quot;tourist outfits&quot; felt permanently eyed up and underdressed just by passing by.Useless to say that after the first night, we wanted to move back to our first hotel , but they were fully booked.	
Jan 30 2008 	Place to Stay in NewYork	On advice from 1800hotels.ie booked this hotel that i had never heard of before, Was well impressed with their suggestion, as mentioned before bar is great and food also. I did not find the rooms so small, we had a partition and our bed was behind this and then we had a couch and coffee table on the other side. When i looked out and saw the traffic i was expecting to get no sleep but found the room really well sound proofed! thanks 1800hotels!	
Jan 27 2008 	Great downtown scene; tiny loud rooms	I got a great deal on expedia to stay at the Tribeca Grand. A beautiful hotel with great service. Fantastic bar. The rooms are tiny, but hey, it's NYC. I didn't expect a big room. Good Service. Very clean and comfy. If you are staying on the weekend and have trouble sleeping, I would avoid this hotel. There is a central atrium that is stunning to look at, but amplifies the noise from the bar below.	
Jan 21 2008 	Hotel Room takes a back seat to Lobby	While room #225 was average at best in size, maintenace, ammenities and retro design, the real show stopper is the 8 story open atrium with clubby atmosphere and industrial chic decor. Rhythmic lounge music prevails on the weekends into late hours with all the partying hipsters. The noise-dulling device in the room is effective. Friendly and welcoming staff. Puny gym. Pet friendly. Excellent and popular Sunday Brunch in the atrium. Movie viewing room on lower floor. Soho shopping and dining is 5-7 blocks north. Midtown and theater district is a 20-30 minute cab ride away in traffic. Hotel is a good choice to be away from congestion further north, edgey neighborhood and trendy design.	
Jan 19 2008 	The TGH is FAB!	We stayed in TGH for 5 nights in mid January. We had previously made a similar visit to hotel some 5 years ago and we were pleased to see that the hotel had lost none of its trendy ambience and a recent refurb had ensured our suite was in v.g. condition.Nothing to complain about with the front desk, concierge and housekeeping service being excellent. The Pound Sterling has good exchange rate with the US dollar at present so this did help immunise us to an extent from the rather steep room rate and bar tab(s). The hotel is in good location for subway. If you need to pick up a taxi the cost to midtown or back is in the region of 12 dollars. We pootered about in Soho/ Tribeca areas on this trip quite a bit and visited the Mercer Hotel and its much revered kitchen restaurant. We were not impressed considering the place very overhyped. Balthazar by contrast was a delight and well worth a visit.We are visiting NY again in the autumn and depending on dates and workload will almost certainly be going back to the TGH.	
Jan 9 2008	GREAT SERVICE but needs some improvements	the hotel service was excellent.....but the room needs some small improvements......more lighting(too dark)......cotton balls and q-tips.........a fan in the bathroom..........the upside to the room was a wall sound machine........very good for sleeping.........and a very easy safe to get in and out of...........we had a very nice stay and would consider going back again...:)	
Jan 9 2008 	Good hotel nice room great location.	My wife and I had an enjoyable stay at the Tribeca Grand over the New Year period.We were booked into one of the corner suites on the 6th Floor and despite the atrium, noise was never a problem. It's probably the smallest suite I have ever stayed in, but I believe this is a Manhattan issue as opposed to a Tribeca Grand one. The room itself was well appointed with a very comfortable bed, large flatscreen and great views to the street below via a huge window that took place of one of the walls. The bathroom was quite &quot;industrial&quot; with steel sinks, nice shower, soft towels and decent products. The service level in the hotel is good. You get a glass of champagne upon arrival which is nice. We had requested a goldfish and Bose Docking Station when booking. Although these were not in the room when we arrived, a quick call got them sent up in only a few minutes. There was a coffee machine pretty much outside our room which alongside a complimentary copy of the NY Times was a nice touch in the mornings. We had room service breakfast on a couple of occasions and found it delicious and hot with fast service. Did not have lunch or dinner in the hotel but I looked pretty good.The location was one of the major plusses for us. Fantastic bars and restaurants are only a short walk or stumble away. It feels very different from the frantic Midtown, we had so much more fun mooching through the boutique shops in Soho then the huge department stores in Midtown. Perhaps it was due to the sales being on, but we much preferred the dept stores in London to those in NYC. Ask the concierge for good recommendations of bars and restaurants locally.We had an interesting incident shortly after midnight on New Years Eve. Following a meal and music at Jazz Standard (average), we jumped into a cab and got back to the hotel at about 00.30 intending on buying a bottle of champagne to join the party in the bar. However, when we strolled in they tried to charge us $150 each for the privilege of sitting in the bar and drinking free booze until 2am. We explained that we were hotel guests who had paid a significant amount of cash to stay there for NYE and wanted to buy our own drinks. After turning down the offer of $75 each, they finally let us in after we complained to Night / Bar Manager saying that neither of us would stay there again on business unless they let us in. This did the trick, and we ended up with very attentive service and getting some nice nibbles sent to our table as a way of apology. The NYE incident had the potential to sour our stay, but not accepting their rules actually meant that we had more fun! As with any other hotel, you just need to make yourself heard to get what you want.Good hotel, nice room, great location. - would recommend and return	
Jan 4 2008 	Pure NYC	Had a great long weekend at the tribeca and managed to fit in a 101 things into a few days, The hotel was great with a happening lounge which was good for inviting frineds back to. The location is also really why we picked the grand. So many good restaurants and shopping near by. The concierge was excellent and organised some must see things and table reservations for us. Staff on the whole were professional and curteous as you would expect. I would recommend the hotel for a city break.	
Dec 27 2007 	Enjoyable stay at the Tribeca Grand	We stayed at the Tribeca Grand for 3 nights just before Christmas and enjoyed our stay very much. The rooms are modern and relaxing. All rooms have a large TV and a Bose CD player/Radio. You can borrow Bose sound docks for ipods as well. We felt the room was definitely spacious enough and not small at all (unlike some reviews on this site). Maybe they are small by American standards (they do not have 2 double beds in them as some American hotel rooms do, the bathrooms are on the smaller side - there are not two sinks - just one!) but it was fine for us!The service in the hotel was generally very good. Our bags were taken care of for us, the hotel doorman flagged down taxis for us, staff were always very courteous and helpful and room service was fairly rapid (took around 20 minutes from ordering - the same amount of time that they said it would take when we ordered). The rooms were cleaned daily and to a good standard.We booked the Tryst in Tribeca package. It is definitely worth booking one of their packages if you can. It actually worked out cheaper than simply booking 3 nights at the hotel and in addition we got an American Breakfast every morning (via room service), champagne and strawberries on arrival, a free cocktail at the bar (they are VERY strong - be warned!) and late checkout on the last day. We felt that by New York Hotel standards, the hotel was very good value for money - as New York is a very expensive place to stay. However, we haven't stayed at other New York hotels so we can't compare to other hotels. The breakfast by the way, was very good - and kept us going until late into the afternoon!Other reviewers have complained about the noise from the bar. Yes the bar can get noisy, but we requested and got a high floor room. We were on the 7th floor (there are 8 floors) and we couldn't hear a thing from the bar even without the white noise. (They have white noise machines in the rooms to mask the noise). Tribeca itself is quite a good location but it depends what you are looking for. There are lots of good restaurants around (We went to Nobu Next Door and would highly recommend it) but for bars, you might want to go to nearby SoHo (about a 10 min walk) as Tribeca is quite quiet at night. SoHo is also excellent for shops! The nearest subway is a 2 minute walk away - and it's about a 10 - 15 minute ride to Fifth Avenue or Times Square when you want to go to bigger department stores or see the sights of New York. We'd definitely recommend this hotel to people who'd like to stay in a good 4 star hotel, which is conveniently located for SoHo. It's not luxury, but it is 'Hip' and very comfortable with great service as well!	
Dec 21 2007	Underwhelmed	Never written a hotel review before, but had to on this occassion. TG may have been cool, edgy or whatever at some stage, but not any more. Spent the weekend wondering why we didn't stay in 60 Thompson or Soho Grand. They're basically the same price and way better.Nobody in reception when we arrived. Bar was booked for a private party so we were stuck in some basement room. General fit-out was dated. Restaurant service was less than enthusiastic...food was average. Concierge was very helpful, as were doormen.Basically came away from the hotel feeling that for the same money, I've stayed in better hotels in better locations in Manhattan. PS Nobody seemed to have a clue where the hotel was located.PPS No fishbowl or i pod player in room as suggested in website...unless you contacted room service.	
Dec 15 2007	disgraceful service	Had the worst experience with a rude surly waitress who ruined our stay here... she actually became aggressive with us and we had to call for assistance from the manager,, rooms ok but small and most rooms didn't have a bath.. don't stay here if you like good service as from the front desk to the waiting staff they were inept and unpleasant..	
Dec 1 2007 	Consistantly Good	This was our fifth stay at the Tribeca Grand Hotel spread over 4 years and it never fails. I am sure there are plenty of hotels with maybe better rooms / dining etc but I don't know of any that give such a pleasurable laid back but classy feel. The atrium design is particularly good as as soon as you step out of your room you feel like you are part of the hotel with a nice buzz emanating from the ground floor. If you want to feel like you are part of the New York scene and not just a tourist it is second to none.	
Nov 26 2007 	Fabulous Place (and I'm fussy!) - Excellent Location Trendy NYC feel	We stayed for 5 nights in grand king room (ave $350 per night). Turned off the white noise system as had no problems with noise. Very little traffic around that area at night and middle of day. Hotel itself was very trendy (don't understand the run down bit in others but perhaps we had a refurbed room?!). The lobby, bar, restaurant area is really cool and great place to relax. We had food at the bar 2 nights and both served quickly and good quality. Had drinks most nights at some point and always greeted very well and seated on comfy sofas even if it was just for a coffee at end of tiring day shopping. The staff were v. friendly and welcoming at door, getting us taxis etc.Bathroom I thought was just average for a city centre hotel. The floor cold have been cleaner though! - great toiletries.Great locatation for restaurants in TriBeca &amp; Soho (Bouley bakery for breakfast, Balthazar for brunch, Loopa or Boom for lunch/dinner, Nobu if your feeling flush!)Across the road from Bubble Lounge for champagne cocktails and also a good wine bar Vino Vino.It's such a good area if you want to wander round the smaller stores in the more trendy streets of soho and be able to go out at night for food etc. Different from the madness of Times Square which we did last time.Overall could not fault the stay here at all - we'll def. be back!!	
Nov 22 2007 	Tribeca Grand has Great Staff Super Trendy Bar/Lounge	I was surprised at how friendly the staff was at this trendy, boutique hotel. It had all the NY flair without the NY attitude. I tagged along with my husband, as he was doing business in NY, and I was never disappointed with the food, drinks, or service at the hotel. Everyone from the doorman to the housekeeping staff was super attentive. We are in our 20's and wanted to stay somewhere that didn't have a stiff, snooty, atmosphere as many upscale hotels do, and we were not disappointed. My only concern was that the room needed some minor repairs. No big deal! It's NY! The fact that it was within walking distance of all my favorite SoHo shops compensated for the minor room issues. I would stay here again.Yes, it's expensive, but again, this is New York.	
Nov 7 2007 	Expensive - but its New York	A very nice trendy hotel, that hosted &quot;the beautiful people&quot; of New York.The gym was pretty poor and we had a room near the lifts and could hear them going up and down all night despite the white noise machine in the room. Staff were very friendly and accommodating, overall pretty expensive and not quite worth it.	
Nov 6 2007 	nice location not worth the price	You arrive at this nice place in a charming area, the reception is right in front of you, the check in was easy, professional and nice. The room was Ok, small and noisy, extra small bathroom (excellent shampoo), interesting deco but not in very good condition. Nothing like a room you are paying $750 for. Breakfast in the room was thrown on a tray with no butter with the toast and no salt for the eggs, service was better in the main room - the food was good though. The staff is almost unpolite. It does not make you feel like spending anytime at the hotel. Overall it would be an fine place to stay in the area if the price was reduced by 50% - For 20% more, I would rather stay again at the Four Seasons.	
Oct 31 2007 	Stop! Stop! Overrated!	I am a regular reader of Tripadvisor and even if it is always your personal view which will count in the end, Tripadvisor do help out when selecting a hotel. However this time I was astonished about the great reviews this hotel had received and the overall rating among the hotels in New York (at time of writing #41). We like to try out different hotels when visiting NYC, on previous occasions weve stayed, for instance, at 60 Thompson, Gansevoort and Mercer. Why not Tribeca Grand? Well, we discovered Why not!When we arrived there was no valet service to help us with our luggage. The staff at the reception was not at all as friendly as described by previous visitors. Perhaps they had a bad day, but we are getting used to this nonchalant attitude in NYC. We had booked through American express platinum service and an upgrade was included. We were told no upgrade available. Anyhow we had booked a studio which supposedly should be 333 square ft with 20-foot-wide windows, so we believed this should be fine. On our way to the room we got a general impression of the hotel being pretty run down. Our room was a major let-down! Old, run down, small (definitely not 333 sq ft!), stains on the carpet, ugly furniture, marks on the walls, bathroom terrible with poorly patched up visible damages in bathtub and on the walls. Floor dirty. And absolutely no space for your clothes! Asking the reception for a change to a more refurbished room was useless and when reminding them our booking came with an upgrade (if available though) we were informed the hotel had no agreements with American Express and the duty manager told us American Express was lying! If we wanted to change room we would be charged extra! We told the hotel we would check out the following day. The hotel has no atmosphere; just look at the carpeting in the hallways  they should have been changed long time ago. The elevators did not work properly, they stopped all the time on certain floors, despite no one wanted to get off or get in. The lounge, dinner and bar area is dreary. The service is poor, really poor. If you order a drink at the bar, you will not be allowed to sit down. When we asked for a table, we were told it was only for bottle service. Even though it was empty! At midnight there were no people there! On a Saturday! They even turned the music down. We had some friends coming over for a cocktail. We were 14 persons and if it would not have been for us, the place would have been empty! Next morning when we checked out we were charged the double rate for the transportation from the airport. I explained the rate we had been given by the concierge but we were told they could not rectify it until Monday because the accounting department was closed. We waited almost half hour to get it sorted out and it was not until we insisted to speak to the manager when things started to move. He immediately changed our invoice and apologized. Off we went to 60 Thompson where we stayed for the rest of the week  and boy!  what we enjoyed our time in this splendid establishment! Again!	
Oct 31 2007 	Totally amazing!	Had an absolutely amazing stay at the Tribeca Grand. Chose this hotel as Soho Grand's reviews where not 100% and feel we definitely choose correctly. The hotel was very ultra modern. Staff to open doors for you. After arriving from the UK was absolutely shattered and they did everything for us. Rooms were brilliant. Again really superb modern decor. Beds were amazingly comfy. Sound proofing in rooms, although we didn't use it and noise was fine. No problems at all. They automatically upgraded us when we arrived which was a super touch. Right in the heart of Tribeca where there are loads of fab bars and unlimited restaurants around. Definitely won't go hungry or thirsty. Downside. Unfortunately there will always be something, although it was all rectified immediately. When we arrived and the porter took us to our room which we'd asked for non smoking, the room smelt heavily of smoke. The porter went downstairs and got us keys to another room straight away and apologised. Breakfast on both days which is not included was stone cold!!...once again, they apologies prefusely, sent it back, got us another and didn't charge. Food does take some time to get aswell so don't look to be in a hurry. Overall will definitely go back to New York again soon and will definitely stay at the Tribeca Grand. Superb.	
Oct 18 2007 	Great for New Year's	This is a wonderful place to stay during the holiday season. My girlfriend and I spent New Year's 2007 here and loved it. I encourage you to book a room now if you're planning on spending NYE in NYC. The rooms aren't too spacious, but it's Manhattan -- what else do you expect? The Church Lounge has better-than-average food and it's a great spot to people watch. The location (Tribeca) is perfect; it's a prime neighborhood for foodies and you're not too far from just about every subway line. Plus, cab fares to the major nightclubs and lounges won't break the bank. Speaking of $$$, my only complaint is the hotel's policy of charging $150 extra per night on top of the agreed-upon rate. They say it covers any damages to the room. Therefore, upon checking in for a 4-night stay, you're wallopped for an extra $600 that doesn't get credited back to your account for a few days after check-out. Kinda makes you want to break a lamp. Oh, the irony.	
Oct 17 2007	Amazing boutique hotel	My stay at the Tribeca Grand was amazing from the very first minute to the very last. The staff was polite and efficient, the club in the lobby very fun and hip, and the room was just plain sexy. They had a fabulous array of cheeses, fruits, and beverages waiting in the room. The bed was so comfortable that it was nearly impossible to leave it. They not only take pets, but welcome them, and will arrange dog walking and/or sitting should you need it. I can't wait to go back!	
Oct 6 2007 	Loved the Tribeca Grand - fabulous for a weekend of shopping!	The $ is struggling against the , so a girlfriend and I decide to hit the NY shops for a weekend blitz. We left it until the last minute to get a good deal on a hotel - and were glad we chose the Tribeca Grand....Great location... 2 blocks from the Soho shops....Great lobby... spacious and lively but not too noisyGreat service... glass of champagne on arrival at receptionGreat room... received an upgrade EVEN THOUGH we were &quot;budget&quot; lastminute website customers. Huge and comfortable kingsize bed, Bose soundsystem, plasma tv etc.Great food... a delicious breakfast in the restaurant before a hard day of shoppingI really would struggle to find fault. Others have observed they found it noisy... but we did not find it at all so, and turned our &quot;white noise&quot; function in the room off. I would definitely return and recommmend to my friends.	
Sep 22 2007 	best boutique hotel ever	this is by far the best boutique hotel I have ever stayed in. I have stayed at Ganservoort Hotel twice this year, and while I love the hotel the area on weekends is nothing less than a zoo. The Grand room was smallish, but well appointed and comfortable. I had a corner room with a huge bathroom. Entire staff was very friendly and warm. The front desk remembered me by name and each time asked if I would like another glass of champagne. Front Desk Manager Michael is a model of first class service. He went above and beyond to solve a problem of my making. When the hotel compounded the problem, he was honest in admitting it, apologized and just solved it. Room service was incredibly fast, and the continental breakfast that was included was delicious. A friend of mine in NYC came to hotel to see me and was so impressed she is planning a weekend away there herself. The Grand has a new fan, I cannot wait to visit again.	
Sep 22 2007 	My First Choice For NYC	I've had two recent stays at the Tribeca Grand when traveling for work. Both stays were lengthy (7+ days) and both stays were very pleasant. My personal favorite features of this hotel are the coffee machines on each floor. In the same area that you will find the ice machine, there is a single cup coffee maker where you can make drip coffee, mocha coffee, tea, etc. The area includes sugar, sweet &amp; low and creamer for your use. This is especially nice for those (like me) that need coffee to get going in the morning, but don't want to pay for room service to bring you a pot of coffee. The rooms are quite comfortable. Beds are nice, Bose alarm clocks and a variety of CD's are in the rooms. Work desk with Aeron chair are nice for those of us traveling on business, although thanks to the wireless internet, I usually found myself working while propped up with pillows in bed watching the lovely LCD television. Windows do open a teeny bit if you like fresh air, but they are difficult to open and close.Housekeeping was spotty, but usually quite good. There were occasions where a newspaper I had left behind to read in the evening was thrown out. All in all, a minor issue as usually the service was very good. Room service is definitely over-priced, but the food is good (not great) and usually arrives quite quickly. Staff are all very friendly and accommodating and really go a long way towards making what few little flaws there were seem insignificant. I have stayed at the SoHo Grand in the past, and by comparison the Tribeca Grand is far superior.	
Sep 17 2007 	Great hotel...	The hotel was great. The staff were friendly and I had no problems. I stayed there for two night for over $400/night so expect to pay about that much but it is New York and it is a nice place so that seems to be the going rate around downtown Manhattan (unless you want rats and bugs and hookers). The area was safe and I walked to ground zero in around 10 minutes. There are lots of Canal street subway stops close by and cabs everywhere so getting around is easy. My favorite part was the great peppermint soap...loved it!!!Liz	
Sep 16 2007 	best hotel in NY	After reading some reviews i was a bit worried about stopping here, the noise especially, but we were really lucky and got a room on the top 8th floor. im very glad we did because the noise didnt affect us as im sure it would of done if we had been on the lower floors.(the bar is very loud and echoes upwards).room was great, even liked the view. there was absolutely nothing wrong with this hotel, friendly, stylish and a great place to stop. i wont stop anywhere else from now on.only thing i would say is not to bother getting the breakfast from here, not worth it. apart from that the tribeca was exceptional.	
Sep 15 2007 	Housekeeping that will gross you out	I was so disappointed in the terrible housekeeping at the Tribeca Grand. The first night I arrived I found my king size bed made with queen size sheets so I found myself with my legs and feet on the mattress pad. When I went to fix it I was horrified to find a mattress pad stained with bodily fluids. Housekeeping had left by that time (midnight) so after several phone calls a security guard brought up king sized sheets and then insisted on coming into the room to see what I was talking about. I stayed for four nights and each morning I went down to the front desk and asked the manager to call me as well as when I checked out and the manager never followed up with me. I wasn't expecting anything, I just wanted to communicate that no matter what else happens at a hotel if it is dirty it is really hard to enjoy a stay. I can say that of all the hotels I have ever stayed at, and I have stayed at a lot, this was the one with the worst housekeeping I have seen, and I paid $500.+ per night!	
Aug 21 2007 	Fun for Two and Fido Too	This hotel was just what we were looking for...upscale, in a location convenient to the village, dog-friendly. We picked the Tribeca Grand because it allowed us to bring our dog (any size) and didn't charge us extra for it. When we arrived there was a dog bed and bowl in our room. That was nice. The whole hotel is not dog-friendly though, they are not welcome in the bar.Our room was on the second floor and it was quiet enough, but I would recommend that travelers try to book higher floors since the hotel's open floor plan has a bar and restaurant in the center. Floors five and up would be perfect. Also, if you are coming with a car, take note, it cost us $65 dollars a night to leave the car with the valet and were told it would take a whopping 45 minutes to retrieve it.	
Aug 17 2007 	Great - but not as bowled over as some other reviewers	The location of the hotel is good if you want to be in the heart of Tribeca, Soho etc. There are no big attractions near the hotel, but a lot of shopping is within a few minutes' walk (e.g. West Broadway, Spring St, Prince St, Broadway). There is a great mix of larger stores and small boutiques. So whether the location is good depends on why you're visiting NYC... most 1st timers would probably be better somewhere further up town, but if you want to be in a hip neighbourhood that is good for wandering around and people watching, this one is great. I love some of the restaurants in that area (e.g. Balthazar on Spring Street, Public on Elizabeth St) and being able to walk back via a couple of bars is a great, easy night out. There is a subway station outside the hotel, and really you can walk anywhere - one morning I walked to all the way to Central Park and it only took an hour or so. The staff were OK. Check in, front desk and room service were excellent - helpful, polite and warm. For me the doormen were the only weak spot - in 6 days I think they saw me coming three times, otherwise I was ignored as I entered the building. The only time this really annoyed me was when I was using the pedestrian crossing outside, coming back from a long day's shopping and one of the doormen flagged a car to park on the crossing, nearly running me over. Hmmm. Clearly a man driving a sports car was more important than a girl crossing the road in flip flops.... To be fair, the doorman did look pretty sheepish when he saw me entering the hotel. But to me it shouldn't matter if I was a guest or not - it was still rude. So I could have done without their attitude - this was the low of my stay. The room was nice - not amazing, but a LOT better than the death-by-chintz that is some of the larger hotels in NYC. Inside the room, the linen was good, the TV large, the mini bar overpriced, the bathroom decent and well designed. I had no problem with noise from the bar downstairs, even at the weekend. I had a free continental breakfast included, and I have to say it was great. A basket of banana bread, croissant, Danish, muffin, scone, pain au chocolat, with juice and tea/coffee.... Filling, and a good way to fuel all that walking around. My room was well kept and the cleaning staff followed the &quot;Busy&quot; or &quot;Clean&quot; door signs so you could sleep in if you wanted. The facilities are good - the gym was OK, pretty standard (2 bikes, 2 x-trainers, 2 runners, 1 weights station), the bar was good (nice mojitos!) and I only ate once at the restaurant. The restaurant decor was a little scrappy (e.g. peeling seats, scuffed floor) but the food was good and the service well-meaning. There is a small business centre, where you can go online and print so I used this rather than lug my laptop onto the plane. Unless you need it for work, I would recommend this facility rather than bringing your own laptop and paying the high room-connection fee. All in all I enjoyed my stay and would probably go back. Other hotels I considered were The Gansevoort, The Bowery and The Mercer, but the Tribeca Grand won out on price Vs value. So glad I didn't go to The Gansevoort, as I was not wowed by the Meat Packing district when I went there (I find the whole &quot;MePa&quot; renaissance thing pretty half-assed). The Bowery looks great but the location is not as good as the Tribeca's and The Mercer would have been a little too pricey for 6 nights. Anyway, if you're looking for a comfortable, upscale stay somewhere in a neat location, this is it.	
Aug 16 2007 	Nice but my room smelled of smoke	Nice but my room smelled of smokeVery hip, terribly trendy but each room has white noise knob to inhibit the bar noise!The rooms are fime not huge. Its clean well appointed and good lobby.I never did get my goldfish.......	
Aug 12 2007 	Truely grand	Had a great time here. Nice design, friendly staff, who went out of their way to accommodate requests. The gym was way above average for a hotel gym, and the wireless internet worked flawlessly. I am a big fan of the location- plenty of stuff to do and see, spitting distance from Soho and Chinatown and right by the Subway. I will definitely go back.	
Aug 8 2007 	So hip it hurts. . . but in a great way!	On a recent visit to our old friend NYC, we decided to 'do it up' and stay at the Tribeca Grand Hotel. Initially, my reluctance was obvious as visions of hipsters with super-tight jeans and ultra-small dogs taking dumps in Gucci bags terrorized me the whole flight over but upon our arrival I was pleasantly surprised. The front desk greets you with champagne and a hot towel, which, incidentally, is to be used on your face not to eagerly wipe your hands on and throw back. The staff was more than accomodating and very friendly.The lounge was loud during weekends but the white noise machines in the rooms took care of that, which was a relief as the thumping beats from some new-age german techno group floated up through the ceiling. The rooms were spacious and the bed was spectacular. A whale could rest soundly on the King sized. Okay, maybe not a whale but a small porpoise. I digress, I would reccomend staying at the Tribeca if you want a hip and modern atmosphere, friendly non-pretentious service, a cool location close to soho shops and restaurants and spacious rooms (that offer neat mix cds for your listening pleasure)While it's not the cheapest option, you get what you pay for in location and atmosphere.	
Aug 5 2007 	Our best NYC stay	Like the previous reviewer, we also had a &quot;Grand Life Package&quot;---buy one weekend night, get the second free. With all the freebies (including two free drinks at the bar and two free breakfasts in our room), it was the best deal going. We've stayed in many upscale NYC hotels, but the Tribeca Grand was the best overall experience we've ever had. The hotel is coolhipfunky, but completely tenable to us 40-somethings. The rooms were smallish, but the thing that made the entire weekend a delight was the absolute and unwavering professionalism of the staff. From check-in to check-out, we were wowed. The only problem we experienced (our thermostat wasn't working well) that we had to call downstairs about (at 3:00 AM) was responded to and fixed within five minutes (no exagerration). Every staffmember was exceedingly polite and helpful, without being too sweet and sugary (you know exactly what I mean!). The doormen, though, were a little too hip for the room, but not unfriendly.Tribeca is a neat neighborhood, near Soho, Little Italy and Chinatown---refreshingly quiet compared to Midtown Madness. The hotel is on the very northern edge of Tribeca, so I don't know how it's situated in relation to the rest of that neighborhood. Our only regret was that we didn't stroll around Tribeca itself at all---we were always headed uptown for something, but for that cabs and the subway were very convenient.We would absolutely stay here again, and can't wait to do so. I highly recommend that you do, too.	
Aug 1 2007 	Perfect summer weekend on a "budget"	We stayed at the Tribeca Grand Hotel for a weekend using the &quot;grandlife&quot; package. I'm not wealthy by any means, but with all the things we got through this package we spent the weekend living rich and not spending more than $550. The (basic) hotel room is about $400 dollars per night, but with a postcard I recieved in the mail we got a free night if we booked a weekend stay. Which is amazing for this four star hotel! The room was better than anything I have every stayed in. It was perfectly decorated, quiet and comfortable. We even had our own goldfish! The staff at the hotel was extremely helpfull and very friendly. With our package we recieved a glass of champagne when we arrived. We also got an early check in at 12:00 wich was great. The subway is right next to the hotel so we took it to central park for a free summer concert (Neko Case, amazing!) which I highly recommend if you are there in the summer. They also have bicycles for you to use for free to tour the city. Ask for them early because they go quick! We toured all around tribeca and the surrounding areas. It was perfect. No tired feet! With our package we also got a free screening of a movie in their amazing movie theater. After that we went to the lounge and had two free drinks. Also with the package we got free breakfast in our room every morning, and a 2:00 check out time on sunday so we could sleep in. There were other free things we recieved like a music compilation (which was amazing) and a bath and body kit. Don't forget to be a &quot;grand guest&quot;. You will find it on there website. Just join for free and you can pick special extra things like bottled water and cookies to be delivered to your room! All around it was a perfect weekend and I don't have one bad thing to say about this hotel. It wasn't just a place to stay, it was our (free) entertainment for the weekend. I highly recommend this to everyone.	
Jul 24 2007 	Good hotel Good Location snotty staff	The Tribeca Grand was, at that time, hard to find due to small signage. Tribeca itself is just a great place to kick around - you have the Knitting Factory for music, Soho for shopping, it's not too far to walk to St. Marks place, and at that time you could still walk for a poignant and revelatory visit to the pit at ground zero. The hotel itself is clean and the beds comfortable. It's more stylish than many, but not a stand-out. Not being one to stay at hotels very often, I had some difficulties during check-in and was to some degree belittled by the staff for my unfamiliarity with their hotel check-in process. There are a mix of places to eat - some earthy and casual, some hi-brow and hyped and still others your typical city joints where the food is acceptable and little else.During check-in we were given the opportunity to stay at the sister hotel the Soho grand, we should have taken it. Enough said.	
Jul 20 2007 	great room and location	We booked the hotel for 2 reasons. The location and the good reviews. The room was the most clean we' ve ever seen.We had the 405, that's a corner room and more quiet than other rooms.They have music in the lobby downstairs but it didn't bother at all.The hotel has bikes, but almost nobody uses them. We tried on Sunday and we had a great time. We went untill Central Park. That was pretty far, because you have to go back too. But it was worth it.You ask the concierge, because it is really worth it.The location is better as we thought. There are some nice restaurants in the neighbourhood. Try the Flor de Sol in Hudson street.We had a better rate because it was weekend, but on Monday the rate was about $110 higher. This is the only negative thing. The rate for weekdays is too high.Anyway we should defenitely go back if we find the same offer we found with the very nice breakfast in the room included.Very nice staff too.	
Jul 16 2007 	Tribeca Grand Impeccable	From start to check out, the Tribeca Grand really shined when it came to customer service. They helped us check in early after a particularly rough flight, helped us stay late when our flight was delayed, and provided excellent recommendations and accomodations in between.	
Jul 9 2007 	Fantastic!!	My stay in the Tribeca was absolutely fantastic!! I was with my friend, but my mom and dad had walked with us as we were spending the day in New York with them - we were greeted on arrival with a glass of pink champagne (they gave my mom and dad one too), and were told that we had been upgraded to a deluxe room at no extra cost...which was a gorgeous room which had all the mod cons you would expect. The only gripe I have is that the shower was positioned towards the wall, which made showering very difficult ! There was a knock at the door at 8pm and a porter had brought us a complimentary bottle of champagne...which was great. The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful, they suggested and booked a restaurant for us, and also suggested a nightclub, even ringing ahead and informing the manager there that we would be arriving (Mr Black, fantastic club), which was very helpful as they have a pretty strict door policy...! All in all, I would strongly recommend a stay at the Tribeca and I will definitely stay again next time I am in New York!	
Jun 26 2007 	Tribeca Grand- excellent service fantastic atmosphere!	The staff here provides impeccable service without a hint of the pretentiousness that usually comes with this level of service. The rooms are comfortable and a pretty good size for a Manhattan hotel. The linens and bed arent Four Seasons quality but neither are the prices (the service is!). The rooms are loaded with fun little details like Malin+Goetz toiletries and a stereo system complete with a collection of cds to use. The dcor is wonderful and the lounge area is great. I dont usually spend much time in my hotel but I did have dinner at the Tribeca Grand one night and I am glad I did. The food is fabulous and the cocktails are great. They even have a mini-theater next to the workout room. If this is your very first visit to Manhattan you probably want to stay near Times Square or overlooking Central Park. If this is not your first time, I highly recommend the Tribeca Grand.	
Jun 20 2007	Tribeca Grand a Great Hotel Experience	A great overall hotel, with extra perks that made my stay memorable. Clearly customer satisfaction is on the top of their list. All my requests were immediately handled. The room was impecably put together...the bed very comfy, the real goldfish in fish bowl gave it a non-hotel feel, and the daily coffee and breads were delectable. Most definitely will consider this hotel for another NYC stay.	
Jun 20 2007 	A unique place to stay in the Big Apple	What a cool hotel! The decor and layout is fabulous. Very modern tech ambiance. We stayed there for weekend while attending a wedding and were very impressed. The rooms offer all the modern conveniences for business travelers and the staff goes out of their way to make families feel welcome. The Sunday brunch is not to be missed. The variety of dishes is extraordinary and all are delicious. I would reccommend this hotel to anyone and look forward to another visit. The only suggestion I have is that they need to sign the place a little better. The sign is on the face of an antique clock in the front and was easily missed.	
May 31 2007 	Great place to stay	Have just come back from a 5 day stay at the Tribeca and found it to be a great place. I deliberately hunted out somewhere that was an alternative to the chintz filled suites that are in abundence in NY but not find myself in a shoebox in a hip hotel. The grand king room I had at the Tribeca was neither. The room was a nice size and was well presented and clean. The only thing I wasn't too impressed with was the breakfast which I only had the once. Otherwise, the bar area is a good place to hang out but check out the Tribeca Tavern across the street for a more pub style location. The location is perfect for exploring Soho, Little Italy etc on foot and there is a subway literally outside the hotel which will have you in midtown in minutes.	
May 29 2007 	The Grand Life indeed.	This sister to the Soho Grand in Downtown Manhattan is a wonderful boutique hotel in you are planning a trip to NYC. The facility itselfcaters to an arty crowd and is the epicenter for the premier Tribeca Film Festival. Don't be fooled however, as the property is also very family-friendly e.g., complimentary goldfish upon request for your stay, access to parks/playgrounds in some great neighborhoods and a hyper attentive staff to the needs of guests make this this hotel a preferred destination. BTW, please note that the hotel is also excellently situated to tour lower Manhattan by foot; a number of subway stations nearby. A few things that that really stand out for me is the cleanliness and QUIET from outdoor noise!!! You must check out the hotel restaurant and the excellent Sunday brunch. Visit theirwebsite and next time you are in the city, book a stay and you will make this your NYC home away from home.	
May 24 2007 	Great Grand	As usual my stay at the Tribeca Grand was exceptional. A gracious and impecably adorned hotel with the feel of a intimate gathering of friends.Highly recommended for business stays and for a romantic interlude.	
May 10 2007 	Beautiful hotel kid-friendly	We used to live in the neighborhood, and shopped at the flower market that used to be here before the hotel was built. We've always admired the Tribeca Grand from afar, but now that we've moved away from NYC, we've had a chance to stay in it. It went a long way to making NYC a far more pleasant and agreeable experience than when we lived there!Plusses: Beautiful hotel. Sound masking system can be adjusted so that no external noise is heard. They supplied a pet goldfish, which our son *adored*. The room was small, but perfectly adequate for the three of us. Staff was kind and attentive. Room was serene &amp; clean. Bose speakers for your ipod.Negatives: It is a little hard to navigate the website for reservation purposes. For example, on the web, it kept saying that none of their rooms allowed children &amp; that we had to book a second room (for our 20 month son!). Knowing that it didn't seem rational, I called and was able to make a single room reservation without any trouble. It was just annoying to have had to waste the time on the computer trying to figure it out.	
May 10 2007 	As always a fantastic stay	This is the third time i've stayed at the Tribeca Grand and the only reason i keep returning is because i know i can relax and am guaranteed flawless service.NY is famous for its hotels - i've sampled quite a few of them, many in a higher price range. This one tops them all every time in terms of ease and convenience.Its not the most beautiful, but you're sure to be met by polite, friendly staff who have your preferences recorded from previous stays. Check in is as easy as presenting your credit card, and from that point on nobody bothers you unless you request something, in which case it will be dealt with promptly and professionally with no mistakes.This particular trip i spent the first half of the week at the St Regis because it had been booked for me by family who were also staying there. Once my family left the city i couldn't WAIT to check out and head back to Tribeca. The contrast was noteable - the one had uppity staff who made a long trail of errors (how is that even possible in 3 days?), and checking into the Tribeca Grand was a breath of fresh air.Cannot recommend it highly enough. And who expected such good service from somewhere so cool?! Try it - you will not be disappointed.	
Apr 29 2007 	Loved it	We were upgraded to a Grand room which was lovely - fabulous view, enormous comfy bed, great decor and bathroom. We found the white noise system worked very well for us but we were on the top floor so maybe this helped!The staff were helpful and friendly and even managed to get us a cab when the streets were gridlocked on a Saturday afternoon. The vibe is very trendy and the hotel does pride itself on this so there was a long queue for the nightclub which went past the bar and into the lobby on the Friday night. Go for the atmosphere and be part of it!	
Apr 28 2007 	Not as grand as the price	We booked the Tribeca Grand due to it's proximity to the venues of the Tribeca Film Festival. With all of the amazing places to stay in NYC for over $400 per night, proximity to your activities is the only reason to stay there. For the price, there is not enough value. While there are some bright spots, the list of down sides is too long. When I had an issue at the front desk, I had to repeat it to three levels of personnel until a simple billing matter was resolved. The rooms are small and unexciting. They clearly favor their bar/lounge over their resturant in terms of staffing and attention to detail. If you are looking for a burger, it's fine but if you want a Filet, go around the corner to Pepolino (Italian). Wireless internet in the room is inexpensive ($10 per day) but they charge you for each computer you wish to access. You can go down to the lobby for free wireless. I used both and found the room to be a more speedy connection. The lobby wireless was painfully slow. On the plus side, if you like brown decor, you will love this place. If you don't, you really should stay elsewhere. The doormen at this hotel are extremely helpful and very cute as well. The doormen gave us better resturant recommendations than the concierge. My hats off to you boys. We stayed on the 8th floor so neither the bar/lounge noise nor the subway/street noize bothered us as in other reviews. Book your hotel reservation online for discounted pricing but then check often with the phone line for lower prices on your stay. Our prices dropped after booking and because we stayed on top of it, we were able to get them to lower the price on our reservation. My recommendation....There is more value at the Embassy Suites around the corner.	
Apr 11 2007 	Trendy and friendly	We booked the Tryst in Tribeca package (including breakfast in room and other fun gifts like early check-in and late check-out)We were upgraded to an executive room which was huge, lovely decorated and what a view!!!Huge windows, almost a window wall, great bed and linens, nice bathroomThe only negative point as mentionned in other reviews, is the noise/music coming form the atrium in the eveningEven with the sound reducing system it can be a litlle annoying, furthermore why putting the music so loud if you have only 4 guests in the atrium??For the rest everything was perfect, super location if you want to travel with the metro (5 lines passing by) and friendly staff (a little bit less in the bar)Would surely come back	
Mar 27 2007 	Tribeca Grand? Never again	The only positives to this hotel were the champagne upon arrival and the soft towels. Other than that, it was a bad experience. We had a &quot;recently refurbished and renovated room&quot; which ironically was the cheapest rate (at $324). Now we think we know why-- it had an awful musty/mildewy smell, mostly in the bathroom but also detected it from the vent system at night. Called front desk to ask for another room but were told none were available except for smoking rooms. We believe the room must have been recently refurbished due to some kind of water damage but the stench is still there. We were on the 2nd floor directly over the nightclub, which was very loud even with the white noise machines they have built into the rooms. Then every so often, the room trembled along with a loud rumble. When I looked out the window down to the street one level below, I noticed the sidewalk was all subway grates instead. So every time the subway went by underground, we felt it and heard it - all thru the night. And a couple of little details -- like they only left one chocolate on the pillow. were we supposed to split it in 2? Also the valet who parked our car in the garage 5 blocks away thought it was okay to change the station on our Sirius radio - he couldn't leave the station alone for a 5 block ride? We live across the river and come into NYC overnight several times a year and like to try new hotels. This is one we would definitely not stay in again, nor recommend.	
Mar 15 2007	Sweet Stay!	You get all the benefits of a hip NYC hotel, without the accompanying attitude. Attention to detail, smiles, answers to questions and a good sense of what's going on in town. Great choice.	
Feb 26 2007	Almost there but not quite.	My husband and I wanted a night away from the kids so we booked a room in the Tribeca Grand. At first, it was great. We liked the small size of the hotel, great location etc. They even have these great white noise systems that you can use to cancel out the noise of the city (or so we thought). At about 11:45 pm, our white noise system broke and the music from the bar was outragously loud. We called reception and they sent a technician up to our room and by about 12:30am it was clear that the machine was broken. We then moved rooms and all was well. But the television wasn't working in our new room.The hotel markets their bar as a scene and place to go on the weekends, so it is clear that their priority is to making the bar crowd happy. The design of the hotel is an atrium, so all the noise just travels right up into the rooms! There are so many great places to stay in NYC that I would not recommend the Tribeca Grand. We definitely won't stay there again. For the money, it just should have been smoother.	
Feb 20 2007 	fabulous hotel	We had a fantastic stay at the Tribeca. The concierge service was faultless booking us into an amazing restaurant. The room was wonderful and large!The only faults we had was the breakfast in bed was not great so we ended up going out for breakfast. Also the cocktails on the bar are ready mixes and you really want well made cocktails for the prices you are paying. That said I would highly reccomend this hotel.	
Feb 19 2007	Had a great time	We took advantage of a package the hotel was offering which included champagne upon arrival, breakfast in bed, complementary drinks at the bars, etc. From check-in to check-out the experience was great. The staff was cordial and helpful. In fact, the concierge made us last minute dinner reservations at what turned out to be one of the best restaurants we've ever been to. We plan to return to the hotel every year.	
Feb 11 2007 	Exactly what we were looking for	We stayed here for a long weekend in January and loved it. At arrival we were handed some champagne and our package also included candle in room, chocolate covered strawberries and complementary cocktails. Room wasn't big, but well appointed with big flatscreen, cd player with cool selection of cds, pet goldfish, etc. Complimentary concierge service was brilliant. They managed to get us into a great restaurant on the Friday of restaurant week as the restaurant we booked from London lost our reservation. Even on a Saturday night at 6pm they managed to get us a 8pm table at STK. Very impressed. Not a usual tourist location and be prepared to pay for regular cab rides if you want to go around Manhattan, but the hotel makes up for it. Great bar scene as well, the noise wasn't a problem at all.	
Feb 6 2007	Fabulous Stay	Loved the Tribeca Grand! Had been to the bar located there many times (Church) and decided to stay there this last trip to NY. It is my new favorite place! When we checked in we were greeted with a pampering hot towel and a refreshingly festive, much needed (after our long flight) glass of champagne. The rooms were not only comfortable but we noticed all the extras that made our stay absolutely wonderful! There is background noise installed in every room to drown out the sometimes very loud noises that go along with hotel stays and guests nearby. We slept like babies! Brunch was delicious and the late night scene was so fabulous we left our friends at a nearby haute to go back to the hotel club and have cocktails and a late night snack. I highly recommend the Tribeca Grand!!	
Jan 24 2007 	LOUD!!! Atrium style hotel with a popular bar in the lobby.	I am giving a neutral rating to this hotel because I am sure it is what some people are looking for, but it definitely was not for me.Due to a delayed flight, we did not arrive to the hotel until about 1:30 on a Friday night ---- we were surprised to see that their was a very loud and popular bar in the lobby ---- that would possibly have not been a problem in most hotels, but this is an atrium style building and even though our room was on one of the upper floors, we could clearly hear the beat of the bar's music. The rooms have a silencing machine which creates white noise (i.e., static sound) which is supposed to cover up the noise; the noise of the static bothered me too.Luckily we had packed earplugs (we always do, just in case we encounter something like this)- and, since we were so tired, we fell asleep quickly.To the hotel's credit, the next morning the front desk was extremely understanding when we said we could not stay their another night becuase of the noise. They also held our bags and assisted us in finding another hotel. Although they did not push us on their sister hotel, the Soho Grand, they suggested it and we ended up staying there. I will post on that hotel soon.In summary -It was LOUD! VERY LOUD! VERY, VERY LOUD!!!! But in a good location with nice rooms and friendly professional staff.	
Jan 16 2007 	Wonderful Stay	Although my stay was brief it was wonderful. From the greeting by the doorman; the front desk and the bartender everyone was friendly, helpful and made the stay memorable. Room service was prompt and generous. If only there were more light so those of us with older eyes could see it would have been perfect.	
Jan 1 2007 	Nearly But Not Quite...	We've stayed in a number of 4-5 star hotels in the past and unfortunately the Tribeca Grand failed to live upto its billing. On the whole the hotel is very nicely appointed. Our room was nicely decorated, the lounge also was good. Our main problem was with the staff of the hotel who it seemed were interupted from their posing by guests! Our presence there seemed to be a hinderence to the front desk personnel whenever you asked a question. We arrived weighed down with luggage and the doorman stood by and watched us struggle through the front doors without offering to help. As we checked in the receptionist seemed very aloof to us as well. We had heard that visitors to the hotel received a complimentary drink upon arrival. This wasn't offered to us.We ordered room service meals for our first night in the hotel and the standard of cooking was disappointing. Far below the levels I expect of a hotel with 4 stars. It wasn't bad as such, just lacking a level of care and attention to flavour.We ventured in the bar later during our stay to be stopped by one of the staff asking if we required seating. We said yes and he then had to go find the 'hostess' who then took us to our seats approx. 3 steps away from where he stopped us!!! The hotel seems to suffer from a lack of confidence from its staff. People don't seem to know what they're doing. There also seems to be too many staff more interested in preening themselves rather than attending to the needs of guests.Its a shame that there isn't a firmer hand in control of this hotel. It has great facilities, but needs to decide whether it is run for the benefit of customers rather than staff.	
Dec 20 2006 	Newly Renovated Rooms Make for Pleasant Stay	I checked into the hotel and was show to a small, somewhat depressing room. When asked if they had something a bit bigger we ended up with a newly renovated deluxe king room (a complimentary upgrade). The room has nice duvet, Frette bathrobe and large fluffy towels; wireless internet, bigscreen TV and modern, sort of masculine color scheme. We like the room and the service has been very good. I would consider everything excellent for a 4 star hotel -- and it compares favorably to other 4 stars in NYC. Obviously not quite as good as the 5 stars.	
Nov 27 2006 	very enjoyable	Lovely hotel, fantastic food and very helpful staff. Lovely extras too - goldfish in room, top rate music equipment provided, complimentary paper each morning, chocolate on the pillow each night, yummy bathroom products. Also great location, about six blocks to West Broadway /Spring Street shopping district and Tribeca Theare / bars, cafes etc.... Can't wait to go back.	
Nov 7 2006 	Not worth it	I stayed here two nights for a business trip and it was the worst hotel experience ever. The bathtub drainage was badly clogged when I first attempted to take a shower. I called the desk and expected some kind of apology and room switch, but they just simply said &quot;oh yeah we'll call an engineer.&quot; Then the maid tried to enter my room without even knocking.Ironically, the windows to the street are soundproof and there is minimal noise from the street; you can only hear occaisonal honks. The noise from within the hotel, however, is unberable at nights. Especially on weekends, this hotel turns into a club or something and loud music and noise go on well past 1 am.Their service at the restaruant was also very horrible. On sunday brunch I had to wait 5 minutes before even being seated and on one breakfast they didn't bring out something I ordered and then it appeared on the check. How great.Overall, this hotel's only forte is its downtown location and some level of security but at this price ($600+ per night) you can find better hotels elsewhere (Sofitel being my favorite for their excellent and amiable service).	
Oct 26 2006 	Very modern classy hotel	The Tribaca Grand was just what we were lokking for in New York.The interior is quite dark, with low lighting, but the fixtures in the lobby , bar and dining area were very modern and chic.Couldn't fault the bellhops, the receptionist nor the conceirge throughout our stay, very helpful and very smartly dressed. Jason, the concierge, and his team were very helpful to us whenever we had a question.The room we had was good, no view as such but the hotel is at an interchange, so what view was there to be had.The bed was FANTASTIC, solid and HUGE compared to what we have at home. Got a great nights sleep after trekking over NY city all day, helped by blackout curtains and a noise minimiser.The bathroom in our room needed serious updating, some tiles were cracked and where the shower fixtures went into the wall, they had slipped, exposing a hole in the wall. The paint job was dodgy (would complain to the painter if it was my house) but these were cosmetic problems. Large bathroom but again, why do top class hotels give you tiny tiny bottles of shower gel, a pet hate.Minibar prices a joke, didn't touch it and the bar prices matched, one glass of wine and a small beer $20.Great location for all subways, had the red and the blue lines within 2 minutes, even close to the dive that is the Moondance Diner (as seen on Friends and Spiderman). It's a shack but the pancakes are soooooo good.If the tab was on the company, would recommend to all, but would say eat and drink out if staying with spouse or your family as the bill would quickly mount up.	
Oct 2 2006 	expensive but pretty good value overall	Great location, close to subway lines and a short walk from all downtown amenities, SoHo, Wall Street, Chinatown, Lower East Side, Little Italy etc. Laid back but efficient, friendly, helpful and accommodating staff. Bed extremely comfortable - rooms are not huge but this is NYC!! Fantastic opulent Sunday brunch which is a bargain at $29.00. I liked the design, liked the vibe; a preponderance of young-ish fashionista/media types and a sprinkling of weekending suburbanites. Gets pretty hectic on Saturday night in the bar - didn't always want to hang out there but no problem to find plenty of other decent places in the neighbourhood. A good place from which to do your own thing. Loads of great touches - CDs and the BOSE wave player in the room, free bike hire, unexpected and welcome glass of champagne on arrival. Watch prices for room service and minibar - some of them are silly ($10 for a small tin of nuts?) but - will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 30 2006 	Tribeca trial and Error	Booking new hotels when your favourites are full is always a game of trial and error...the Tribeca gets good marks for it's location, interior design, restaurant and door service...BUT the star attraction of a hotel should always be the rooms..and, they were a disappointment. First the good points... location. Close to Soho, lower manhattan and great restaurants. the door staff are the stars of the show here...knowledgeable, friendly, good looking and willing to help (and not just because they are tip monkeys! which, in the US is unusual). The breakfast menu is great, service friendly and food was delicious! The interiors... post-industrial chic - emphasis on chic, exposed iron and metal/wood (very brown...could use some better lighting in the hall/corridors) but stunning atrium. Now for the let down...the room. Small, this includes the bathroom which is very metallic and industrial in appearance.. lighting is poor, and the faux Paul Smith toiletries are a bonus. Towels are small, and a bit rough cotton. The room, bed is comfortable and the noise reduction filter (necessary on a friday night when the atrium bar noise reaches trendy-party crescendo!) worked...thankfully! But, overall...feels like a 70's beige office turned into hotel experiment. It was expensive for what it was... the most impressive thing is the return guest programme of getting a goldfish bowl w/ live goldfish in your room or a choice of pillows. But, you have to return to get that I suppose. Staff are friendly and efficient...but the business centre is a joke...a cramped former utilities closet tucked behind the concierge. They charge $15 a day to use this internet closet and you have to keep walking back and forth from the front desk to the 'centre' to get/return the key...why not have the concierge control the business closet..the desk is right next to the door!?!? I am not a spoiled business traveller, and do not need to stay in the 'hippest' hotel..but, at the end of the day...the bedroom is the most important part and the Tribeca Grand is really just average. If you want to entertain or impress guests, it is an excellent choice because of the lobby/atrium bar. However, I would opt for the Soho House or Gansevoort if you want the perfect combination of both form and function that impresses. Even the sister hotel the Soho Grand rates better...so, the Tribeca is a decent fall-back hotel that makes a change from the chains.	
Sep 17 2006 	Loved This Hotel!!!	Had a wondeful stay and the staff was very accommodating.	
Sep 15 2006 	Would definetly stay here again	I stayed here for over a week recently during a work / personal trip and i was a little hesitant given some of the reviews about noise etc but decided to stick with the reservation. I had a great stay, from the moment i arrived I found the staff very attentive and pleasant. I ordered room service one night and they were great, they called to tell my flavour of ice cream wasn't available, which i thought was hilarious. i found the room a great size, i have stayed in shoe boxes in new york and although you don't spend much time in the room, when it's your home for over a week you want to feel like you have a bit of space, and i did. i didn't find the room noisy, in fact i was amazed at how loud the lobby seemed till i walked through my door and it just disappared once behind closed doors. The bar was nice, i only had drinks there one night and breakfast one morning, but it was very good. The only hitch came on check-out when i was checking the bill and there was a large bar bill charged to my room which was not mine, they dealt with it very efficently, it was a genuine mistake and very quickly i had a new bill. I would stay here again, the location was great for shopping, bars - short taxi ride to the meat packing district, more great bars and eating out, and quiet enough that it wasn't noisy outside the hotel. I didnt touch the mini bar - it was silly prices, there was a nearby store where i stocked up on water and snacks for the week. I would also make sure you know the address of the hotel, taxi drivers dropped a friend of mine at the Soho Grand instead and whilst its a short walk, i did find with most drivers it's good to know the address - 6th Ave and Church St ought to do it...	
Sep 7 2006 	5*	Very little to complain about with regards to this establishment. Have now stayed there 3 times and can say the service I receive is constant and 1st class. Stayed on this occasion for Labor day weekend in one of their Grand Guest suite. This is traditionally a busy time, yet the staff made us feel like we were the only people staying there. Service request were handled promptly and (most importantly) accurately. The staff were naturally friendly, welcomingly relax and always available.It was not a trouble free stay (due to a problem with the shower) but they rectified the issues within 30 minutes of it being raised. If forced to find a downside to my stay I would (begrudgingly) complain about the air con system, which at times seemed to have a mind of its own (even after setting it would eventually finding itself settling for a chilly 69F even when set to 75F). But this is probably down to user error.1st class hotel which I will always advise.	
Aug 25 2006 	Pleasant Experience at the Tribeca Grand	I stayed at this hotel for a business trip. I thought the location was great because it is close to both the 1 and the A/C/E subway lines (and was convenient to my downtown office). The bed was super comfortable and the room was surprisingly quiet (I was on the 7th floor). The only thing I didn't like was the bathroom. Although it was fully functional, in trying to be trendy it had a cold feel. The room was a fine size, and I was quite happy with the breakfast menu in the lobby restaurant - they were happy to accommodate special requests (changing sides, types of toast, etc.). The staff was also friendly towards a colleague's young child who visited one morning.One negative - and this is true for any hotel that charges for internet access - is the charge for access. I think that this should be part of the included amenities - or at least there should be reduced rates for people staying for more than a day or two.	
Aug 20 2006 	Really enjoyed staying at the Tribeca Grand	We stayed one night at the Tribeca and LOVED every second of it. When we arrived after a 3 hour drive we were given a glass of champagne along with hand towels to freshen up. Then we were nicely surprised in our room. Lovely room with rose on the bed, strawberries with chocolate and a great view of a rooftop garden across the street. It was a convenient place to stay for shopping and dining. Also the next day went to the Tenament Museum on Orchard Street - I would highly recommend this tour if your ancestors imagrated into this country. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a comfortable easy place to stay in an area that is interesting and has lots to do.	
Aug 18 2006 	Wish I could have stayed longer!	I loved the look of the hotel from the moment I walked into the lobby. The bellhops were so friendly, and the front desk staff was extremely helpful. Prior to my stay, I had read reviews that mentioned a lot of noise- so that is what I expected. However, I didn't hear any noise while I was in my room. Perhaps because I was always enjoying the cds and the great stereo. My companion also loved the hotel, and hopes to stay there again during his next visit to NY. The only tiny issue we had was that we received an unrequested wake up call during the first two days of our stay. Once we notified the front desk, that issue was automatically resolved.The area around the hotel has great restaurants, and a cool little bar in walking distance. The subway was close by, and the concierge helped up find any place we wanted to go. I loved this hotel and I would recommend it to anyone who could afford it.	
Aug 7 2006 	Excellent hotel	My wife and I just spent the past Saturday night at this hotel and had a great time. We had the weekend package which included breakfast in bed, NY Times and 2 cocktails. We were upgraded to a high floor and room and it was much appreciated.The room is large by NYC standards but standard for any hotel outside of NYC. The view was ok but then again the top floor is on the 8th floor and views in NYC at this height are not great. The bed was very comfortable and the plasma TV was nice. Bathroom was interesting with all stainless steel.The hotel staff was excellent. Very helpful. The bar was trendy and the 2 cocktails were excellent and considering the value of $13 each, the free token was great.The hotel is in a quiet area of lower NYC but is actually in an excellent location to walk or take the subway. Canal St. and all of its shopping is only 3 short blocks away and the great shopping and restaurants of SoHo is only 5 or 6 blocks away.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 31 2006	You won't want to leave!	From the moment we arrived at this wonderful boutique, we knew that we were in for a fantastic weekend. The level of service we received set a new expectation level for all other hotels to be judged. The room was impeccable in every way, from its hip trendy vibe to its well-conceived amenity offering. The Tribeca Grand is a perfect mix of soft sensual lighting and edgy NY vibrancy that sets a perfect tone for either business or pleasure, and the staff there is friendly, accommodating and above all professional.Kudos to you guys!...and love your packages!	
Jul 29 2006 	Loved Tryst in Tribeca	Stayed at the Tribeca grand last week and we loved everything about it. The staff couldn't do enough for us, they were wonderful. The Tryst in Tribecca special was fantastic with an early check in and a late check out. The champagne was a nice touch as was the roses, candle ,a goldfish and 2 free drinks at the bar and breakfast in bed included. The room was a nice size (we were expecting smaller) and it was perfect. It was very modern and updated and very clean. Our one night at the Trbeca Grand was the highlight of our week in New York.	
Jul 27 2006 	The best hotel in downtown NY. One of our favorite hotels in the US	We spent a Saturday night (again) at the Tribeca Grand hotel inNYC. It was a wonderful experience from check-in to check-out.Every employee is kind, courtous and helpful. The rooms arespotless with amenities like flat screen television and CDs.We look forward to our next visit which I hope is very soon.	
Jul 25 2006	Haven in Hectic NYC!	Our original hotel in NYC was in Midtown Manhattan and while close to touristy things, our service was so-so and very impersonal. However, after switching to the Tribeca Grand, we had a lovely experience. It is close to great shopping and accessible to the subway, etc. Overall, in our room, we felt as though we were in someone's (well-decorated) home -- the carpet was soft and clean, linens were nice, plasma tv made my husband very happy and room service was great! However, the attribute that made the stay for us was the service. It was exceptional. The staff made our lives much easier and our stay highly enjoyable. We are already planning our next visit, which will include this hotel.	
Jul 16 2006	Overpriced tired tatty	Very expensive. Was probably once the height of cool design. Now in desparate need of refurbishment. Service was good but room was horrible.	
Jul 10 2006	Great Engagement weekend	My girlfriend and I stayed at the hotel and did the Tribeca Tryst-a package for engaged couples. The hotel, tribeca tryst package, and all the staff were AMAZING. No complaints at all. Breakfast in bed was delicious and all the great shopping afterwards was worth the price of the hotel. The bed was the most comfortable we have ever experienced in a hotel.	
Jul 6 2006	Great hotel	We have stayed here before but tried somewhere else on advice - the alternative was dreadful and we shifted to Tribeca after one night. Compared to others it is good/great value, the room was of good size, the fittings were great (big plasma TV etc), a bathroom you can actually use(!), very, very helpful staff (not at all showing any NY indifference to travellers). When we got to our room, we both breathed a sigh of relief &quot;thank goodness&quot;. You'll need to go outside for food but there is so much to choose from in Soho and nearby. The subway is 50m away so getting anywhere is quick. We have stayed here four times between us and compared even to the flash hotels (where we get put up when travelling on biz), we will keep coming back. REcommended +++.	
Jun 28 2006	Loved Tribeca Grand!	My husband and I stayed at the Tribeca Grand for three nights the first week of June although we didn't want to pay $511 per night everything we like to do is in that area so we splurged! It was worth it! We were right around the corner from Canal Street where we love to shop for bags and watches and just have fun. We were one block away from the subway that could get us anywhere we wanted to go and near all kinds of fun little restuarants including the Landmarc where we ate and Tribeca Bar where we hung out. My husband hung out at Busters garage to watch the Carolina Hurricanes play and I felt completely safe to walk home by myself! We even stumbled into the Bubble Lounge one night which was cool! The hotel staff were friendly and very accomodating. They gave us an umbrella the day it was raining and the concierege satff were very helpful in finding us places to eat. Although there were comments about the rooms being loud from the bar, I didn't find that to be the case at all, the noise system drowned out everything except my husband's snoring! WE will definitely go back and are telling all our friends about it! When you go back you also get gold fish, fruit cheese etc.	
Jun 23 2006	Perfection in NYC	Four of us stayed in a two bedroom suite at the Tribeca Grand from June 11 - 14. We arrived early, but the excellent staff at the front desk checked us in right away and we were given rooms on the 6th floor. What great rooms they were! Extremely comfortable, spotlessly clean, and huge windows through which to view all the activity of a Manhatten neighborhood. Although we were late sleepers, (the beds were too comfy to get up early!), we were never bothered by housekeeping knocking on the door, and our rooms were always made up when we returned to the hotel. All staff members we dealt with were very nice, and a few went out of their way to be helpful, even retrieving my cellphone that I had left in a cab, and brining it right up to my room. The room service was excellent, the food arrived quickly, and the steak frites and chocolate cake are to die for. The hotel just kind of wraps you up in this very subtle, luxurious comfort, which of course makes one eager to go back and experience it all over again. Worth every cent and I can't wait to return.	
Jun 3 2006	Fantastic Hotel 	Stayed at the Tribeca Grand Hotel from the 22nd May til 30th May 2006.Firstly what a fantastic hotel &amp; what a great location this was in. The Hotel itself blends into the surrounding area, no big hotel sign there's just a clock that stands outside the hotel with the name on it - so you would'nt think that there was an hotel here.The hotel staff were brilliant very helpful &amp; friendly, we could'nt have asked for more. The concierge's that worked in the hotel were very good &amp; recommended some great eating places for us, (if you love steak then go to a place called 'The Strip House' it's pricey but it was the best steaked we'd ever had). The hotel room was very simple nothing flashy nice and clean. There was an ambudance of alcohol in the mini bar and nibbles - a choice of cd's to listen to. We had paid extra on booking a room with a view - but in hindsight we need not have bothered as the hotel is in Tribeca and as the receptionist said theres not really much of a view here.After reading much of the reviews about this hotel on this site, we took the advice of a few and went to 'Bubbys' each morning for our breakfast - &amp; what a good choice it was this set us up for the day ahead - Try the sour cream pancakes they were fantastic.On getting around New York we bought a weeks subway pass at around $24 each which was great as we used the subway alot whilst we were there. The hotel is surrounded by some good restaurants there is also a pharmacy over the road &amp; a great little bar called the Tribeca Tavern. This was our second time in New York &amp; we plan to go back soon, the weather was great in the high 80's &amp; it was Memorial weekend when we were there.So the next time we go back we will be staying at the Tribeca Grand without a doubt.This hotel &amp; staying in the Tribeca area met all our needs - if you want to stay somewhere thats not a tourist trap or has the noise levels of Time Square then this hotel &amp; the surrounding area is for you.	
May 12 2006 	Loved it!!!!	Had a horrible experience at the Jumeirah Essex House so moved to Tribeca Grand Hotel during the Tribeca Film Festival and was surprised they had a room available eventhough it was only 1 night. The room was large in NY hotel standard. Bathroom was large and all the furniture was up to date, modern. Had extra touches like CD player and CD's in the room when checked in. Staff was extremely attentive, especially Eric the bellman was very helpful with restaurant recommendations and shopping. The hotel was buzzing with the film festival but the front desk still accomodated everyone equally. The bar/restaurant in the hotel is not to be missed. Very relaxing and the decor was nice too. Location of the hotel is great if you're staying near Tribeca and SoHo, even the village.	
May 11 2006	Fun Time..Great Locale	Great Location if you dont want the tourist insanity of Times Square. Great quiet neighborhood. Easy access to the subway that takes you to all things touristy. And, walk to great SoHo shopping. Staff super super nice, very helpful... white noise machine dulls sound from bar, altho the one in our room was broken. Only negative was no Yes Network so we couldnt watch the Yankee game in our room...Also, a bit put off by email suggestion from Manager that we share our good experience on websites like this one...was going to do it anyway. Again tho... great great place to enjoy NYC without the tourist hell.	
May 8 2006	Had a great week-end at the Tribeca Grand	I didn't know what to expect, but from the moment we walked in everyone we encountered (especially at the front desk) was pleasant and helpful. The room was small but very well done....wide screen TV, Bose music player and great pillows. I definitely will stay there again.	
Apr 30 2006	Good Hotel fair location	We stayed at the Tribeca Grand over Easter Weekend. The concierge was very helpful in making our reservations before we arrived. THe front desk and bell staff was friendly upon check-in as well. We had requested a non-smoking room, and we had one on one of the newly refurbished floors, but it really had a strong smoke odor. They were very nice and helpful about moving us. We got our stuff together, and when we got back from our day, they had us all set up in the new room. No hassle at all for us.I thought the hotel was good for New York, but wasn't thrilled with the location. It was a close walk to Soho, but we really felt that except for the day we walked into Soho and piddled around, we had to get a cab to get to and from most of our destinations. I think if you know you are going to be doing stuff in Tribeca, it could be great, if you are going to be more in Soho or other areas, just stay there.We did not eat at the hotel, so I don't know about food, but we had drinks in the bar a few times, and the service was very irregular.	
Apr 27 2006	Great hotel shame about the staff	I stayed at the Tribeca Grand in Feb 2006, and was disappointed. The building itself is very impressive - all the rooms surround an Atrium overlooking a very trendy bar area, and it really does look great (apart from the fact that they closed it for the whole of Saturday night to all hotel guests as they had a private party). The rooms are pretty cool and spacious (especially the bathroom) - Bose stereos in all rooms etc. My main disappointment was regarding most of the staff, who are (in my experience) surly, unattentive and more concerned about looking good (which most of them did!) than providing good service. We asked for a broken light bulb to be changed in our room three times over the weekend, and it was never done. When we arrived, there were half used bottles of shampoo etc in the bathroom. Nothing terrible, just not what I would have expected for an expensive hotel like this. Tribeca is OK, but personally I'd stay in Soho or somewhere rather than Tribeca.	
Apr 24 2006	More than comfortable great rate	I just spent a week-end at the Tribeca Grande in NYC. The rate for the week-end package was better than any other available hotel that I checked, of that rating and quality, and the room was comfortable and spacious. The price included breakfast and complimentary cocktails. I have been travelling to The City for the past four years to visit my daughter who is a student there, and have stayed at Le Parker Meridien, and the Soho Grande. The Parker Meridien is my favorite, but this was a close second. The price was much less than what I have paid on other visits, at the other hotels, and included a return guest discount, for which I would have never asked. The room was comfortable and spacious, with great light. The decor was contemporary and the atrium - open hallways and lobby plan - made me feel welcome and secure. The staff made an effort to be available and interested in seeing that my stay was pleasant.	
Apr 16 2006	Great hotel	Great hotel in a very convenient location. it's right in the heart of soho/tribeca/greenwich area. 5-10 mins walk to west broadway/broadway and the metro is just round the corner. you really get a feel of new york....all the hotel staff were warm and friendly but not in your face. the concierge was very helpful with &quot;local&quot; tips as opposed to selling tourist packages. She recommended two lovely little cafes to have breakfast - Bubbys and Cuppin it. The hotel has a good vibe with subtle lighting. We hadn't been to NY before and were warned that all hotel rooms are small, but the rooms at Tribeca Grand were perfect. Just right for a city break.The hotel bar, Church Lounge was always buzzing but not imposing or noisy. Great place to have a drink before going out.There was a film premiere when we were there and it looked like the staff were used to it!!!	
Apr 8 2006	Nice Place	My daughter wanted to sample SOHO, Chelsea, andthe Village all in two days. Relunctantly, I booked this hotel without any knowledge of what I might be getting myself into. Well. Perfect location for all three areas. We had a swell time. The hotel staff and conceirge were top notch. I would not hestitate to stay there again if my destination were somewhat the same.	
Mar 9 2006	Excellent!	My partner &amp; I loved the Tribeca Grand. Staff were wonderful, room was great with lots of added extras like your own safe in the room and a full sized iron and ironing board and your own 'white noise' control. In the 4 nights that we stayed there we were not bothered by either street sounds or noise from the bar - can't work out whether this was because of the 'white noise' thingy or just the huge amounts of shopping / walking we did.Room was a good size and bed a great size! - Bath was a little on the small size though but that's my only moan..You can walk really easily to Soho, China Town &amp; Little Italy and if walking's not your thing there's a Subway within about 200metres.Would recommend without hesitation.	
Feb 28 2006	Terrific Time in Tribeca	My girlfriend and I booked the Tryst in Tribeca package when we stayed at the Tribeca Grand the last weekend of February of '06. We were effusively greeted by the hotel staff, shown to a room on the hotel's top floor by a very gracious bellman, and even given a quick tour of several rooms on that floor which had undergone a renovation (soon to come to the entire hotel). The new rooms look lovely, but our room was fine, even in its &quot;old age&quot; (which didn't seem very old at all).... the package elements, geared towards romance, were all excellent - from the champagne upon arrival to the chocolate covered strawberries, room service breakfasts, to drinks at their in house bar - and enhanced our experience. We were close to Tribeca and Soho shopping as well as the many great restaurants those neighborhoods have to offer. All in all, a perfect experience and one we are looking forward to having again in the near future.	
Feb 24 2006 	Great Hotel	Great hotel. It's got the right balance between boutique chique and the functional stuff. Also got upgraded on request, to a deluxe room no problems, no charge! All in all a comfortable stay, nice service and great part of the city to be based in.	
Feb 23 2006	A wonderfully romantic weekend	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel to celebrate his birthday. I purchased the Tryst in Tribeca package, which gives you an ealry check-in, late check-out, a rose on the bed, champagne toast, drink coupons for the very trendy lounge in the lobby, coupons for in room breakfast (which was delicious!), chocolate covered strawberries and some other nice romantic things. It was very nice. The room had a Bose Wave Radio which was great and the selection of movies were very up to date. The room I thought could use some redecorating, it was a little stale. But everything was very clean. The toiletries were very nice and plentiful. This was the Hotel from the movie 2 Weeks Notice with High Grant. It was very nice and we can't wait for another reason to celebrate something else there. You are also in the middle of trendy Tribeca which is also a hop from Soho and the great boutique shops. We loved it.	
Feb 19 2006	Great Experience at the Tribeca Grand	I have to say I am spoiled by having stayed in some amazing hotels and this was a great experience!Manhattan is HUGE... and although I had some desire to stay in a known name hotel b/c I would know the quality... this was recommended to me.I loved it! It was in a great location... walking distance to Canal, and Ground Zero... just a short cab ride to the Theatre District. Great Service, comfortable bed, Funky yet very inviting interior.... a very pleasant experience! It was a Hot spot at the bar and the hotel was not overwelmingly huge! It was JUST right!I hope to stay there again!	
Feb 15 2006	See pictures - not the least expensive room	I made an error in my photo description and must correct it. I described it as their least expensive room, which is what we paid for, but perhaps due to snow cancellations they upgraded us despite our incredibly low rate. I don't want anyone to be disappointed.The hotel has the best staff I have ever experienced. They would do anything. One couple asked the concierge if they could borrow snow boots - unfortunately they could not accomodate that request, but it reflects the level of service patrons come to expect, and the concierge apologized that she could not help. Our car was delivered 20 minutes late, but due to the low price I wasn't goinig to ask for any adjustments - I didn't have to, the wonderful gentleman at the desk offered it as a courtesy. At times it was slow, so the sweet bellboy had a gentle snowball fight with a child.It was a lovely experience. The room was perfectly clean although not absolutely exquisite - it was a standard NYC-size room, the carpet was a little older, the room was a little dim (I could have requested stronger lightbulbs). It's really a 4.5. The in-room fax, internet access, and Aeron chair were wonderful. For those worried about noise, each floor has 2 rooms hidden behind (not beside) the elevators which would block noise. We didn't hear a peep, even with the white noise turned off. The hotel is a peaceful respite from the loud crowds uptown while providing easy access to 2 subway lines. We'll be back, even at a higher rate.	
Jan 5 2006	The memorable Tribeca Grand	My wife and I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Tribeca Grand. The service was flawless from the moment we arrived until departure. The room was meticulous. The hotels location is within easy reach of some great restaurants and should you decide to travel uptown the subway is literally at the doorstep. The hotel staff were constantly smiling and would go out of their way to please you. I would not hesitate to stay at the Tribeca Grand again, which we both plan on doing in the future. Treat yourself and stay at this marvelous hotel.Donald and Elizabeth Ichton	
Jan 3 2006	Better than I thought!	My fiance and I stayed at the Tibeca Grand between Dec 30, 2005 and Jan 2, 2006 because we couldn't get a reservation at the Mercer.All the talk of the noise from the first level bar is incorrect and we did not have a problem with that although we were on the 5th floor. There are 8 floors, so ask for the highest when you go.Service was great and we found the staff to be friendly, welcoming and accomodating without the &quot;New York attitude&quot; that so many of the hotel staff seem to have.Great bar (no too over priced) and a great business centre. The concierge was also very helpful.Book on the hotel's website to get the best rate and little goodies, like a welcome cheese platter and free local calls.I would definitely stay at the Tibeca Grand again!	
Jan 2 2006	Loved the Tribeca Grand	Stayed at the Tribeca Grand for two nights for their New Year's Eve party. We had a Grand King room on the top floor (8th). Room was good size for NYC. Bose stero and CD's were a nice touch. The noise from the atrium mentioned by other posters did not bother us at all. We walked through the SoHo Grand as well, I did not care for their lobby/bar area. The New Year's party was a blast. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 2 2006	Great Hotel!!	My husband and I just came back from spending New Years weekend in NYC at the Tribeca Grand HotelThey offer different packages on their website so we purchased the 1st Class package. It was $399.00 for the first night and the 2nd night was discounted at $221, which for New Years weekend I thought was a steal. After we checked in, they offered us a glass of champaign with ginger syrup and a twist. The bellman took our bag and we headed through to the atrium, which was incredible. It's very modern and trendy with a home-y feel. A glass elevator that overlooks the atrium, took us up to our room. The room is a nice size and decorated modern and simple. It has internet access and a work station right in the room which included a fax machine. There is also a 24 hour business center with computers on the main level.We received a complimentary plate of fruits and chocolates the first night there which was a nice touch.We ordered a pizza from room service one evening and it was at our room with in 25 minutes. The menu wasn't over priced as far as room service goes. Sunday morning they have a brunch set up in the atrium and it was out of this world!! It was $25.00 a person plus drinks so our total bill for brunch for the 2 of us was $77.00. The hotel accomodates pets. They have a vet and pet services available. They even have a pet menu to order from which we thought was neat. The staff was extremely helpful. Anything we wanted, they could make happen with ease.It is 1 block from the A,C,E trains so travel is convenient. 2 blocks from canal street shopping and a short walk to Little Italy.I'm not one to get star struck, but my husband and I were waiting for some friends in the lobby and Paul Sorvino(actor)came in with his daughter to get a room. It was kinda cool that he was staying at the same hotel. ;o)I lived in NYC for 7yrs and since I've moved to Chicago, I have stayed at quite a few hotels around the city when I come to visit. The Tribeca Grand by far is my favorite. It is very plush yet very affordable and it's easy to get around the city. Great neighborhood, Great food, Great Hotel!!	
Dec 21 2005	Slightly Above Average	Believe it or not, $1700 (tax included) is not bad for 4 nights in a quality hotel in lower Manhattan during the Xmas high season. My biggest beef was the small size of the room and the low water pressure in the shower. Friday and Saturday nights can get quite noisy because of the popular lobby bar and the building's central atrium design. The staff was fairly friendly and helpful. Room service was certainly nothing stellar. Overall it was an adequate stay but I think we'll try someplace different next time.	
Dec 15 2005	A cut above	I have just spent a wonderful weekend with my girlfriend at the Tribeca Grand. The service was second to none and the hotel has that real &quot;wow&quot; factor from the moment you see the centrepiece hotel bar - the Church Lounge - which just exudes cool. Light sleepers may be advised to take some ear plugs if they anticipate being distracted by the soft murmur of the bar patrons which can be heard from the hotel room, but for those looking for a taste of heaven, just try one of the cocktails.	
Nov 29 2005	wonderful experience at the Grand	My husband and I decided to spend our 10 year anniversary in New York City. We decided on The Tribeca Grand for a few reasons...1- they are pet friendly (we were unable to get a dog sitter for the night)2- it was away from Times Square (we loved being in Tribeca and so close to Soho, etc.) and 3- we loved the &quot;Tryst in Tribeca&quot; deal (included an early check in, 4 p.m. check out, breakfast, complimentary champagne toast on arrival, 2 drinks, chocolate covered strawberries, etc.). We did not get to take advantage of all it included (due to timing, etc.- but we definitely will next time!). The consierge service stayed in frequent contact with us prior to our stay to help us plan out our special occasion, confirm dinner reservations, etc. During our stay, all of the hotel staff couldn't have been more courteous!! We heard no noise outside of our room at any time (and we were there overnight Friday). We loved the &quot;white noise&quot; control in the room- so we could make it louder or softer as we like (we never leave home without our Sharper Image sound machine, so this was a nice surprise!). Check in/out took almost no time at all, and the staff was prompt with helping us with our bags and get our car parked and retrieved timely for when we were leaving. The room was clean and comfortable. The consierge was available at all times and continued to give us wonderful guidance throughout our visit. We highly recommend the hotel, its wonderful staff and the terrific location!! Can't wait to return for another &quot;Tryst!!&quot;	
Nov 26 2005 	Disappointing	It never ceases to amaze me how little one gets in NY for USD$400 per night. I was disappointed with the Tribeca Grand, for a few good reasons. No one helped me with my bag on arriving or departing. The in-house food was just average, not to mention my room service arriving without cutlery. The rooms were small and were clearly decorated 'on the cheap'. And a small but important observation; the TV remote control was impossible to use. I had to turn the television off every time I wanted to change the channel. There was also a $10 daily charge for a wireless internet connection. Are you kidding?Just not up to scratch for the rate I'm afraid.	
Nov 16 2005	not any more	Used to be a great place but falling well below average. Stabbing guests with outrageous rates on the weekends, $600 for a 230 sq ft room - The Four Seasons doesn't even go that high. It also seems that they have fallen victim to too high of a staff turnover and are left with a classless, slang mouthed, outer bourrough, &quot;I'm cool because i work here&quot; staff. Problem after problem: never a bellman, housekeeping's &quot;knock then quickly enter every 20 minutes&quot;, and the basic fumbling on behalf of the staff. I travel to New York from the West Coast and usually stay at the Mercer. I would advise paying the extra $$$ (or maybe less with how high TG's rates have been) to stay at 60 Thompson or The Mercer where the rooms are larger, the bars are less &quot;Jersey&quot;, and the staff is respectful.	
Nov 1 2005 	Won't be coming back	We stayed at the TG for 4 nights on a business trip. Our convention started on a Sunday, so we spent the weekend in New York. We had a room on the top floor and we could not sleep because of the noise downstairs as well as having noisy neighbors until 4 am. We had to call security at 4am to go to the suite next door to let them know they were to noisy. The rooms are extremely small.The hotel is trying hard to be trendy but this is all show and no quality. I find the decor dark and depressing. We won't be coming back to this hotel. The Soho Grand is a much better hotel and the price pretty much the same.	
Oct 24 2005	Love the Tribecca Grand	I just returned from my trip to New york. I travel there at least once a month. Lately I have been choosing the Tribecca Grand as my favorite place to stay. The Tribecca has to be one of the best if not the best hotel that I stay in. The service in impecable. The rooms are furnished in a very comfortable format, with wondefrul ammenities. Their sunday brunch buffet is wonderfull, not to mention a very good price. The location for me is ideal, being very close to the Village and great shopping.With all of the hotels that I have stayed in the city this has to be my personal favorite. I have introduced it to several personal friends and business associates, they have enjoyed it as much as I do.	
Sep 11 2005 	I won't be coming back	I stayed longer than a week at the TG over the summer, and I won't be going back. If you're in town for business and you need your full eight hours, don't stay here, particularly over the weekend. The noise was so loud on thurs, Fri and Sat nights, we had to ask to be moved from the 5th to the 8th floor. And STILL it was too loud!We ate in the restaurant and drank at the bar. Staff in both places had serious attitude, as though they were way too cool to be working there, really. A bottle of wine was bought was corked and tasted awful. I asked for it to be replaced and the barman looked at me as though I had two heads!The door/bell staff are nice, except at the weekends in the evening: because the bar is quite popular, they have a bouncer on the, and if you're not dressed head to toe in black, or maybe look as though you might be under 21, he is very rude and aggressive MY big issue was attention to detail. Given the prices paid in that hotel it should be paramount, but small things happened: no replacement of toiletries in the room; gym equipment was broken; gym water cooler wasn't filled; no towels in the gym; bedroom furniture was chipped and battered; a cupboard door was broken; a drawer was stuck and wouldn'y open; TV VCR doesn't record (and the TV is way too small, by the way).That said, the management was very responsive to my complaints. The assistant manager I spoke to was very solicitous and concerned, and he did his best to make up for it. Still, I'm not going back.	
Sep 8 2005	Great location	This is a great hotel. It's close to some great restaurants and bars - Nobu and 60 Thompson Street. It's also walking distance to Canal street and some cool pubs.The rooms were sleek and comfortable. The staff was tremendously helpful and the hotel lobby and entrance were bright and safe. The food was great, although the bar was a bit stuffy (roped off sections in hotels should not exist).Overall, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 31 2005	Loved Tribeca Grand	I stayed at the Tribeca Grand for the 4th time and it has been one of my favorite Manhattan hotels. The rooms are very contemporary, yet very inviting. The service, from the moment you arrive, is excellent and also very friendly.I highly recomment this hotel for anyone who wants to stay in Manhattan, especially trendy Tribeca.	
Aug 23 2005	Trendy but Together!	Although prices at this hotel have shot up over the past couple of years, The Tribeca Grand will remain one of my favorite hotels in NYC. The rooms are smaller, like most New York hotel rooms, but they are well planned and thought out. The &quot;hip&quot; design of the hotel retains some warmth which many &quot;in&quot; hotels lose in their desire to be so &quot;cool.&quot; The service was fantastic and the neighborhood the best as you can walk to Soho, the Village, and Nolita. I would stay at this hotel every time I came to New York if the prices would just come down a little. Certainly, an excellent hotel experience.	
Aug 16 2005 	well over rated	Big let down. Stayed at far better hotels in NYC for half the price. Small rooms. The bar is cool but the service is very, very slow. I was really looking forward to my stay only to feel ripped off.	
Jul 27 2005 	Only If The Price Is Really Right!!	stay here only if you get a really good rate. Well located if you enjoy SOHO but for my money it is over priced and noisy. If you are a resedent you does'nt like to say couped up in your - relatively small (though pretty well appointed ) room you have no where to go at the hotel other than the very busy and noisey bar in the loby. Noise resonates up through the atrium and all rooms seem to be on the balconys that give on to this atrium- noisy despite their noise resuction sysyem that sounds itself like loud air-con. Its trendy, dark and despite what I say - if the price is REALLY GOOD - maybe worth the risk. I would not advise for senior travellers.	
Jul 14 2005	Friendly 	We spent our wedding night at the Tribeca Grand. Everything promised was there along with a complimentary bottle of champagne. Staff was extremely friendly and discreet- they didn't over do the wedding part. Could imagine interior noise being a problem as there is a club in the lobby, but they seem to be aware of it and ready to address any problem. Great smelling hotel products.	
Jul 12 2005	New York City at its best	My husband and I stayed at the Tribeca Grand over Memorial Day weekend. We live in the tri state area, but just needed a get away from everyday life.Overall we had a wonderful stay! The staff was very helpful.Location, Location, Location- this hotel has it all. Great shopping, nightlife, and NYC culture. The rooms were spacious, neat, and modern. We also loved the hotel bar, I reccomend an apple martini!	
Jun 29 2005 	excellent service	The best Room Service and door teams in america. I could not believe how friendly and down to earth the room service (the English guy was wonderful) and door staff were . The hotel is great. Noisy atrium on weekends, but rooms are quiet. This is the best downtown hotel in New York.	
May 28 2005	Tribeca Grand - A Grand Place to Stay	Lobby was well appointed, yet comfortable...Church Street Bar packed with interesting people every night. Room was spacious. All business needs furnished in room. The staff could not have been more friendly or helpful. Every request was granted promptly. Location was perfectly positioned within walking distance to China Town, Little Italy, Soho and The Village.	
May 8 2005	Excellent stay	I stayed there with my boyfriend for 5 nights, on vacation. Some reviews I had read here were pretty scary (especially the noise part) but hopefully they weren't true for us !The hotel is very nice, I loved the lounge-bar in the middle. We stayed there from a sunday night to a thursday night, maybe that's why we didn't suffer from the noise (or because we were on the 4th floor). I found the noise-reducing machine quite efficient.The room is nice, not very large and a bit dark (the view on the building on Waters St is not quite enjoyable), but we felt like home in no more than an hour. The CD player, the goldfish, the TV in the bathroom (the ultimate decadence), the iPod loaning, are fun and very good ideas.All the hotel staff seemed very nice to us, despite the fact that I don't think we exactly belong to the hip-trendy-population that comes here.2 bad points, though : breakfast is quite expensive for what you get (a continental breakfast with only one croissant, and a bowl a fruit-salad). For the same price (or less), you'd rather go to Bubby's (120 Hudson St at North Moore st), nearby, the best pancakes ever !Another bad point concerns the lounge bar : maybe, as French, we are not used to this but we went to other hotel bars (in the St Regis Hotel, for instance) were they served at least a few almonds with 2 glasses of wine. When we asked for some olives, we were quite surprised to discover they were as expensive as a glass of wine... 8 $ for a few olives seemed a little petty, especially in a place like that... However, the bar is nice.So, once you know you'd rather have breakast elsewhere, you can stay at the TriBeCa Grand ! The location is great, very close to SoHo, Chinatown for nice little restaurants, and you can even walk to Greenwich Village if you have time...Another good tip next to the hotel : if you look for a great Vietnamese restaurant, go to Nam (110 Reade St, between Church St and W.Broadway). Excellent !	
May 7 2005	Go to the W	The decor is cheap and bland. The TV did not work and the phone fell apart upon use. The staff would quickly try to fix problems but never was able to actually fix them. They thought good customer service was having engineers in your room during your entire stay. No offer to change rooms, we had to insist. I would recommend that the guest relations and services staff attend basic customer service training.The coffee provided on each floor is horrible. I travel to NY frequently and would highly recommend The W or The Bryant Park Hotel. I was trying to find a hotel downtown but will never return to Tribeca.	
May 5 2005 	Over-rated and loud	This hotel is poorly designed w/ the bar and gathering area in the middle of the hotel where noise and music travels UP! DO NOT stay on the 2nd or 3rd floors - they are loud! Also, the rooms are kinda dingy and dark...not what I expected to be honest. Lots of attitude and just thought it was overrated from the word go.	
Apr 29 2005	Trying to be Cool in New York	This hotel does it's best to be cool, and there are some very nice things about it. The rooms are modern, bigger than some in New York, and technically very well equipped -- though it doesn't have a wireless network, so you need a laptop, not a PDA, if you want to work.Like almost all American hotels these days, it is decorated in those shades of fawn and brown that become very depressing on a long business trip. The area around the hotel is bustling and raw, without being threatening. Transport links are very good.Although newly built, the Tribeca Grand is designed to look like an old conversion, with galleried industrial-style open corridors round a central atrium. For British visitors it is very reminiscent of inter-war council estates.The central well is also the bar, which gets very noisy at night because the hotel attracts lots of lively young people. The rooms have special hissing machines (under the guests' control) to cut out the noise of the music and the traffic outside (amazingly, they work).Staff are helpful, if a little consecending to anyone who doesn't fit in to the age/social class profile the hotel is aiming for. The good news is that the public areas are so dark that it's possible to look cooler than you really are.The only downside (shared with its sister hotel, the Soho Grand) is the incredibly mean (yet expensive) breakfast. No buffet, just dishes from a menu that take ages to order, and then ages to arrive. In the meantime you have nothing -- not even a glass of water -- to keep you company, though they will give you tepid coffee from a jug if you can manage to find a waiter -- and grugingly replenish it if you beg. The only quickish option is the continental breakfast. Even that takes ages to come and then turns out to be a bowl of fruit salad, plain bread rolls and a croissant (served ice cold). You can't have butter. Horrible. So get breakfast elsewhere -- it's the meal America does best almost anywhere else, and cheaper too.	
Apr 19 2005	Love the concept friendly staff but subway noise 	I stayed one sunday night here in their superior room with two double beds with a small dog. Rooms here range superior, deluxe, and up, in that order, making our room the smallest and the most inexpensive of the rooms. I booked through tablet hotels site, for 179. I tend to stay in 4 or more star hotels, and even then I'm extremely squimish and picky about cleanliness and decor. I have previously stayed at Sofitel, Hemsley, and Mariott in NYC, and prefer Sofitel over others for cleanliness, service, and warm and pleasant decor.I was curious to explore the Tribeca and was facinated by the ultra pet friendliness of the hotel, as well as some interesting amenity offerings of bose wave cd players and fax machines in every room, gold fish pet for the pets, ipod and docking stations, power shower, etc.Hotel was never crowded during our stay, there never was any wait by concierge/valet parking/reception desk. Every staff members were friendly, helpful and pleasant. The hotel exterior and lounges were modern and looked well kept or new. There did not seem to be a club scene(the hotel lobby is mainly a lounge for club goers) on sundays, so, minimal noise.The room itself was fine, though led to believe that there is no tub but only a stall shower when booking, it had a full bath. It is decorated in non-descript grays and dark brown tones. The furnishings were all veneer(not wood veener), and looked hagard, but having shopped recently for a city loft with modern decor, I can attest to the lack of quality and durability of most &quot;modern&quot; or contemporary&quot; furnishings. They tend to be inferior at more expensive prices(pay heavily for designs.), so cracks on bathroom floor tiles and peeling veeners didn't surprise nor bother me. What bothered me was:The color scheme of the room was gloomy. Some didn't match at all- dark purple carpet?!? and dark glossy redish brown doors?? And curtains need updating, noticed stains.The WORST issue, unexpectedly, was the noise and physical rattling of the room by the subway trains. The subway either runs directly below the hotel, or below the sideway lining the hotel and runs into extremely late if not all night, it seemed. (noticed subway vents lined along the sidewalk along the hotel(facing a parking lot)). I ended up having a restless night tossing and turning, but finally managed some light sleep in the wee hours with the help of my BOSE noise-cancelling headphone(my own). The room was equipped with what they call a noise cancelling device, but it is not a true noise cancelling device like the headphones that counter with a opposite wave length so that you hear less noise) but a white noise device that you can adjust the loudness of. This proved useless to me as there already were enough white noise in the room(mini refrigerator, computer, etc), and it only aggrevated the noise level by adding to it.Valet parking was about 40, cab fare to south end of the central park costs about 10+tip. I cannot recommend Tribeca Bread or was it Bread Tribeca(italian placed across hotel recommended by concierge), horribly junky food. Probably have been better off ordering room service in quality and cost.	
Apr 5 2005 	Try the Soho Grand instead	Stayed here for a week on business and won't go back. The room was comfortable, average size (by New York hotel standards) and not too unlike staying at any of the are W Hotels -- except for the noise. There is music in the bar area every night that goes on until 2AM - and the bar here is a bit of a see and be seen spot, so it tends to be quite busy.The week I stayed there was a private party at the hotel one evening, so the bar was off limits to paying hotel guests. Go figure. I also didn't appreciate being accosted at the door by a couple of thugs who were hired as security for the event. The hotel staff did little to apologize or make me feel comfortable as a paying guest.If you're not bothered by loud music until 2AM and the casual attitude of the staff, particularly if they have a private event going, by all means this is your hotel. Next time, I'll go back to one of the W Hotels or their sister hotel, the Soho Grand.	
Apr 4 2005	Never Again	THIS WAS A LETTER I SENT TO THE GENERAL MANAGER AFTER I RECEIVED AN EMAIL ASKING HOW MY STAY WAS.Mr. Nicholson, I am sorry to report that my stay and service at the Tribeca Grand Hotel was a lot less than even mediocre.  A personal emergency with my fiance's family popped up earlier that day so I called the hotel and requested either a cancellation or a change of date. I also asked if I can pay a cancellation fee. The hotel told me no, they would have to charge the whole amount, I didn't notify the hotel soon enough. I understood. Our check in would have to be late that evening, around 1AM.  Besides my Master Card not being validated for the full amount and having to pay cash for the room, the reservations woman denied us access to the mini bar. Therefore, on our walk up to the room, we were followed by a young man with a milk crate that had to empty the mini bar and whatever else was on the counter. Embarrassing for all of us is not the word. We had also requested a non smoking room. Of course when we walk in the room we were hit by a stench similar to an ashtray. The young man with the milk cart of juices and liquor, etc., enlightened us that the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd floors are in fact smoking rooms. The heating/air system was confusing us also. One minute we were cold, the next hot. I think we are both educated enough to figure out the controls of the air system. Maybe not?  Unable to sleep at 3,4 AM, maybe we should rent a movie. Nope, couldn't do that either.  At this point, we decided to just suck up the $500 something up and try to get some sleep. Morning comes, and we are woken up by a woman in our room, wanting to make the bed. Oh my God, we overslept, we must be late for check out....... Wait a minute, it's earlier than 10:00am. Very rude. We're not sure if we heard a knock.  The pressure from the shower nozzle was about the only nice thing that happened to us during our stay. The Moss products, by the way are gross too.  We wanted to have brunch downstairs while we were leaving but both agreed to not provide the hotel with more of our business. I know I may sound like a person complaining about everything, but having spent many nights in various hotels throughout the city on top of my office being located in the Waldorf Astoria, I think this has made me somewhat of a hotel savvy person. I know what to expect.  From the service to room quality, we both decided to never stay at Grand hotel again. Speaking of room quality, a beyond &quot;used&quot; bed covered with a white sheet and terri cloth blanket is NOT up to par or my expectations of a higher end hotel/room. I was truly disappointed and felt like I could've experienced better at a Motel 6. Sleaze, dirt, and low class written all over it. So I am very sorry to report back with an unhappy response, but then again, I am so very sorry that I chose to stay at the Tribeca Grand Hotel. I won't make that mistake again. Neither will friends or clients of mine.  Thank you for your time, Jaime Jaime XXXXXXXXFLORALIA DECORATORSat the Waldorf Astoria	
Mar 22 2005 	Wonderful Staff	Had a wonderful stay here. Some rooms might be noisy, but we requested a quiet one and really couldn't hear any noise from the outside when we were in it, despite the DJ on both Friday and Saturday nights! Enjoyed dinner and drinks here Friday night, loved the fitness center, the room was small but the staff more than made up for it by going above and beyond with their helpfulness. Great hotel- nice attention to detail. I particularly liked having the goldfish in the room, the ipod/sounddock, and the welcome package with art, shopping, and dining recommendations. Definitely recommended if you want to stay in a trendy place in a trendy neighborhood.	
Feb 8 2005	Above Avg. Hotel Great Location but noisy	My husband and I stayed in this hotel in November 2004. It was clean and - by NY standards - decently sized for the price. Service was excellent - especially the concierge staff. However, the restaurant was overpriced and the food was just okay. Also, the lounge area was extremely noisy until 2:00 - 3:00 a.m. on Friday night (I was really pleased we weren't going to have to try to sleep through a Saturday!) Since the hotel is designed with an atrium and the lounge is in the lobby, the noise in our 2nd floor room woke me up repeatedly throughout the night. That said ... the location was great - in Tribeca and very close to Chinatown and Soho as well as several subway stops. 	
Jan 29 2005	Totally pretentious	I have just spent 3 nights at the Tribeca Grand. This hotel is pretentious from start to finish. The staff are condescending, and the service very poor. The wastepaper baskets were not emptied, the hair dryer did not work and the wake up call was 20 minutes early. The service in the restaurant was also extremely slow, and that was when it was almost entirely empty. I would be very reluctant to stay there again.	
Jan 12 2005	Chill Pill	After looking forward to our first ever trip to New York for months, and reading the reviews on this site in anticipation I was bracing myself for a real disappointment - noise, peeling wallpaper and snooty staff.However, we just had a lovely time at the Tribeca Grand from the moment we stepped in to the moment we left. It takes a while to get used to the minimalist decor, but once you have a great power shower using the refreshing products and slip yourself between the silky egyptian cotton sheets with a cookie from the (overly-tempting!) minibar, you know it makes sense!Trying to cram the whole of this exciting, buzzing city into 4 days was, of course, impossible but Tribeca itself and The Grand with its dim lights and muzak was a real haven after seeing the sights. Yes, breakfast was expensive but there was so much of it and it was so tasty we didn't eat until the evening...treat yourself I say!NYE was great too..we tried to get to Times Square but didn't fancy staying in a metal pen surrounded by cops for six hours without the toilet so headed back to the hotel where we had fantastic mojitos, watched the celebrations on a big screen and crawled to the 4th Floor. Perfect for those who can only handle the hussle and bustle up to a point.	
Jan 9 2005	Excellent place to park yourself in lower Manhattan	After suffering through their trendy, but unusable website, and reading mixed reviews here, I went with my gut, which said that this would be a good destination for an adult night out for my wife and myself (we parked our daughter with her grandmother).Aside from a bit and of a bottleneck checking in, the entire experience was excellent. I booked the &quot;Tryst in Tribeca&quot; package which included champagne on check-in, and an excellent batch of chocolate covered strawberries in the room, breaIt fast in bed, and late check-out. True this was not an inexpensive overnight, but hey this is Manhattan. Budget-conscious should skip this one, but all in all I still thought it a decent value. Not ultra-high shelf, the hotel is new and well designed, but not in any way cookie cutter. Sure it's hip, but style is not the only thing in charge here. And for the folks who complained about noise, this did concern me as my wife is a light sleeper. This was an unfounded fear as there is a noise cancellation system in each room, and for downtown, it was relatively quiet, so no complaints.	
Jan 3 2005	Cool	Very trendy, cool hotel. Expect to meet a celeb whilst there. Real nice bar and environment, chilled and different. Totally recommend it to any young minded funky people who like a place of beautiful people (especially the staff, phew!!) Went for New Years and had the best ever. Go for it.	
Dec 30 2004	not returning	The location is great,but I won't be staying at this hotel again. My husbands 40 birthday and we wanted a cool hotel to stay at. The lobby lounge was nice but the staff have no personality and don't even attempt a smile. I'm from New York and they are taking themselves too seriously. If you have any inclination to go to bed before 4 a.m. you can forget about it. The lounge and the club in the basement are going strong until then and I thought my head would explode. If you know you are staying out late and it doesn't matter then go for it. The room is sparce and cold. The furniture is beaten up. All in all, go to the Ritz.	
Nov 23 2004	Can't recommend it	I recently stayed here and can't recommend it to anyone hoping to get a restful night's sleep...at least over the weekend. The bar/club is located right in the middle of the hotel and the rooms are located above it. Imagine a courtyard situation and that is where the club is. The bass is thumping until 4am and although we were impressed with the amount of soundproofing in the doors/walls, you could still hear that distant thump as you tried to fall asleep. If you are going to NYC to party (as we were) then the Tribeca is a fun, trendy hotel. Beware of the pricey drinks, though...$8 for a domestic mass-produced beer is just stupid. We only used the bar as a meeting place and for nightcaps. All other drinks were purchased elsewhere. The rooms aren't anything to write home about either. I typically like sleek and modern, but there was something really drab about the place. It didn't help that there were stains on the curtains. I can't say I'd stay there again.	
Sep 20 2004	Ignore the negative Reviews this is a good place to stay if you know the city	I'm not sure what people are expecting from this hotel, but I can say that I had a great experience during my 3 day stay there. When our bathroom flat-screen TV was broken (not exactly a make or break option) the staff transferred us to another room with no hesitation. Everyone was friendly, we had a champagne toast upon check in, and never at any point did I feel like anyone was being snobbish or unhelpful. The bartender even gaves us a glass full of olives for our hotel-room gin. (Note the liquor store just across 6th Ave (ahem, Avenue of the Americas) for a good alternative to minibar prices).The room was very nice, granted it was not huge, but again this is NYC. You don't get a big suite for less than 1000 a night. You don't get a big room for less than 450. So for a cozy (but not cramped), clean, stylish room with a comfy, comfy bed, (and totally quiet on weekends, don't know what everyone is complaining about regarding noise) I was quite happy with my rate. Also, I was quite happy with the location. Tribeca has some great little bars, and if you are looking for the &quot;scene&quot; it's a $7 cab ride or $2 subway ride away. I feel that many of the reviewers here expected to stay at the Waldorf or Four Seasons for around $2-300 a night. Well, that ain't gonna happen. What you have here is a clean, hip hotel that is close to many great areas and a subway ride from the rest. I can understand the shock of those people who think of NYC as Times Square and the Statue of Liberty but for those who know what the city has to offer OR are willing to explore off the tourist trap path, this is a great place to stay. Otherwise, do yourself a favor, stay at the W Times Square for double the price, and just keep an eye out for the double decker bus that will take you to TGI Fridays for free. It will come by any minute now...	
Aug 9 2004	This hotel is Rank!	Overpriced, rooms are filthy, the bed actually had fake wood veneer and it was peeling off. I can't believe this place!! The web pictures are NOTHING like the rooms, they are old (after how many years?) and the service was just as bad. We also had the Sunday buffet, the wait staff was snobby as hell and NEVER came back to refill our coffee. Unreal. I paid $2,000 for 4 nights for a 1 star, $20 motel. Pass it up.	
Jul 21 2004	Noisy poor location and bad cocktails.	I had high expectations of this hotel which were not met in one single respect (other than in the size of the bill when I checked out). All the rooms overlook the noisy bar, so don't expect to get to sleep here until well into the early hours. I had quite a high room but the noise just gets bounced straight up through the whole atrium. To add insult to injury, in said bar (if you can't beat them, join them) I ordered a martini, extra dry and straight up with an olive and received a tumbler full of ice containing some watery vodka with far too much Vermouth and a twist. The hotel sits rather awkwardly between several exciting parts of town without actually managing to be a part of any of them. Spend the considerable sum of money you were contemplating spending here somewhere else that will earn it.	
Jul 8 2004	Great place	I've just come back from several days in New York staying at the Tribeca Grand and thought it was a great place to stay. Having read several reviews on Trip Advisor I had mixed expectations but found the hotel to be stylishly decorated and the rooms were well equipped with nice touches like the Bose stereo, CD selection and mini TV in the bathroom. The bar restaurant area is a good place to hang out for a while people watching and the sanctum bar downstairs hosts a good range of DJs. The staff were incredibly helpful and friendly and the hotel's location was perfect. There are heaps of great restaurants and bars on your doorstep in tribeca such as Landmarc, the Harrison, Tribeca Bread, Tribeca Grill etc, plus the area is close to downtown, Soho etc. Despite staying over the busy 4th July weekend we had no issues with noise and on the couple of occasions when the water seemed a little cold in the shower we found a twist of the tap did the trick. A great fun hotel in a fab location - I wouldn't hesitate to go back.	
Jun 28 2004	who cares about the noise with prefect ten and tartinins.	I took my wife to NYC for her 32nd birthday and I couldn't have picked a better place, If your sick of the norm go to Tribeca Grand. Close to soho , canal street, Little Italy. Good service over all barmaids could be a little nicer but who cares after a couple of drinks. Doormen and Front Desk very helpful, Mike A at the Concierge Desk was very help with places to eat and go to. Rooms were clean, make sure you ask for a gold fish at front desk. Cd player in the room with cool music, plenty to do. Far enough away from Broadway, Time square, and Plant hollywood but close enough if you want to take the subway up town. Don't stay here if you go to bed early Church is hop'n until 2 am.	
Jun 17 2004	Very sheek hotel	Great hotel! I have been staying at this hotel over the past six months. The staff is great! Very friendly and accomodating. The rooms are of an average size and offer many amenities...one of my favorites, the luxurious bath robes. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jun 8 2004	Not a stuffy old geezer but yet still unimpressed with hotel	A few things first, yes - the hotel is hip. Yes, the staff is informal and chic. Yes, you can have a goldfish brought up to your room as a companion. Yes, it can get loud from the atrium in the centre of the hotel. Yes, it is stylish and hip and groovy. Right, I knew all of these things before booking but still was unimpressed with the quality of the room. High speed internet did not work, cabinetry broken (held printer/fax machine inside), room service fast but food lackluster, bed marginally comfortable though pillows were rather nice, mini bar was extensive and there were a fair amount of amenities. This seems a place to be seen and to people watch rather than a place to relax in or enjoy the room for the room's sake. I think the nail in the coffin that turned my review from mediocre to never again was the horrid experience when having breakfast downstairs. I was seated while my boyfriend coordinated the baggage situation upstairs with the bellman, I then proceeded to wait about 5-7 minutes until anyone came to acknowledge my presence - only when my boyfriend came down did they offer menus. We placed our orders and asked for two glasses of ice water with some lemon in clean glasses (the two on the table had remnants of o.j. pulp and traces of lipstick all over mine). The waitress took her time and brought the glasses of water with no ice and no lemon. I knew it was going to be a long breakfast then. I asked the hostess if we could have ice and lemon and she referred me back to the waitress. Keep in mind there were only two other tables of two people each in the entire place. Our food finally came after about 15 minutes and still I had to request lemon again from the busboy, who managed to bring it right over. Needless to say he was the one who received the tip.At the beginning of our trip, we stayed at Le Parker Meridien and it was phenomenal - we continued on to London staying at a wonderful Radisson property right near Marble Arch and Oxford ... so to end our trip with a low note such as this hotel, perhaps I should have done more research or just returned to Le Parker!	
May 24 2004	Did not meet my expectations	For the money, I think there are much nicer hotels in NYC. I was not impressed with the staff, and the rooms were small and drab. I prefer The Hudson or the W. Would not stay here again!	
Feb 26 2004	AWESOME HOTEL TRENDY 	I have stayed at the Tribeca Grand Hotel &amp; Soho Grand Hotel a few times. I have to say that of the two, the Tribeca is my FAVORITE! I was pretty disappointed in reading some of the reviews. I have to say I have NOT had any problems with my stay at the Tribeca. The staff is VERY friendly, and they do remember their guests!!! They are exceptionally polite!!!This is a very upscale place and IT CAN pricey!!! Bottom line?. you get what you pay for! Am I wrong??? I think it?s only logical to have a nice/expensive restaurant in a nice hotel. Would you want to pay $400 for a room that served a $2.99 breakfast buffet???? The music could be loud because it is in the middle of the atrium and there is a bar but if you knew that prior to booking the room?what would you honestly expect???The rooms are a decent size, you may expect more space for the price but the comfort of the bed and the furniture in the room makes up for it! I hope this helps anyone looking to stay at the Tribeca. I would HIGHLY recommend the Tribeca to someone looking to have a great stay in an upscale, trendy hotel and have lots of fun just by going downstairs to atrium but if you are looking to stay for a ?family? vacation with the children and pets you may want to reconsider.	
Feb 20 2004	For the younger crowd...	Before I went on my trip, I read the reviews and found that they were pretty mixed. But from what I had read from magazines and had seen in the movie &quot;Two Weeks Notice&quot; that this was a pretty hip hotel and that the bad reviews were probably from stuffy old geezers. And after my five night stay I realized that my assumptions were correct. This is a great looking hotel for the young and hip. But not without it's problems. The looks, the staff, the food and drinks were all that I had hoped for. But pretty pricey. I got the Grand King for $209/night and room service and drinks seemed high even for NY. I found the entire staff to be friendly and helpful, not snooty like some of the other reviews said. The hotel room itself was small, which didn't surprise me. That's Manhattan, unless you shell out big bucks. But some things were a little shabby like the curtains had a few odd stains and the wood around the platform bed had quite a few chips and scratches. But when you're in NY, you shouldn't be hanging out in you hotel room to even notice those things. The hotel is actually in a great location. The are two stations close by, one takes you uptown on the West side of the park and the other station (in Chinatown) takes you uptown on the East side of the park. Lots of great restaurants in the area too. Tribeca Grill was tops and Tribeca Bread is a great place for lunch. The hotel brunch on Sunday is fantastic.The hotel at night is one of the most popular hot spots in the neighborhood and lower Manhattan. People were paying a $20 cover to get in on a Sunday night. There was also a private party going on that night which I managed to sneak in to. Partied with a bunch of the guys from the first season of &quot;Average Joe&quot; including Adam. Nice guy. And I'm not one to drop names, but the day before, I rode the elevator with Willem Dafoe! All in all, I enjoyed my stay. It's definitely geared to the young and hip who are in town on holiday, not business.When I visit NY, I usually like to stay in a different hotel each time, but I will definitely stay at the Tribeca Grand the next time I stay downtown and especially if they're offering a good rate.	
Jan 23 2004	Rock the Casbah!	Having previously stayed at a number of boutique hotels in NY and noteably it's sister hotel The Soho Grand we had high expectations. The service was good, staff respectful and ambiance cool and hip. However, one can't help feeling that the central atrium is a bit stark. Our room was on the 8th floor and this is essential if you are staying on a weekend club night where the noise from the grounf floor is deafening till 2am and then afterwards you get the din of conversation. Rooms on the lower floors must be a nightmare for sound. The location is great and if you want the hip crowd this is definitely a great choice especially for early evening cocktails. Overall I would stay here for the experience but second time around would probably plump for The Soho Grand, 60 Thompson or Holiday Inn in Soho if you want a Soho location. Recommended - Good 4* hotel.	
Jan 21 2004	Just okay.	Mixed feelings about the hotel. If you can get a good rate, then consider it, but not worth more than what we paid ($209 per night). Good location as far as the subway was concerned (the C train is about 1/2 block away, which was great), but not much right near the hotel as far as little grocery stores, bars, etc.The room was fine, but could definitely be more clean. We found someone's dvd borrow list in the made bed (really weird) and a few stray hairs, too. Bed was comfortable, and the room was a decent size - not large, but decent (the Grand King). The bathroom was nice - small tv, and good linens and bath products. Nice size shower and pretty good water pressure.Again, if you can get a deal its fine, but otherwise it just wouldn't be worth it.Oh, and also, there was a weird smell in the lobby most of the time.	
Jan 16 2004	Yuck	Fake hip, all the way. way overpriced for what you get. The employees were quite nice, but the accomodations are all smoke and mirrors. tiny, unsoulful rooms, average quality linens, noisy. there is a cost for in-room internet service. so what if you get to sit on an aeron chair. there was actually no heat or hot water for about 6 hours on the day i checked in due to repairs. and this was in january. food was mediocre and overpriced. i would definitely not stay here again, unless they cut the rates in half.	
Jan 5 2004	Highly Recommended	If you're not into sight seeing or a crowded city, Tribeca Grand is where you should stay. This hotel is highly recommended if your ever in NY. The rooms are not as crammed as the ones in the city, the staff is extremely welcoming and friendly, installed in the bathroom is a mini tv, the area of the hotel location is quiet and quaint, and lastly, there's complimentary coffee and hot coco on every floor which my friends and I absolutely loved. Conveniently, right across the street theres a pharmacy and a little further down the street there's a little Japanese restaurant which is also recommended. Forget stayin' in the city, Tribeca Grand is definetely a place I would stay if I were ever in NY again.	
Jan 5 2004	Pay the price for chic.	Stayed here for New Year's Eve, but did not spend the $125 to attend the fancy bash that they held there. The lounge is very sexy, and very hip, and I even indulged in their over priced drinks. The staff were all very friendly and I experienced no such issues with &quot;snobbiness&quot;.I loved the location though - near Chinatown and Soho... very different from staying in Times Square. I found that it was much more authentic.The room was a tad small, but the bathroom was very modern, complete with a TV! The goldfish was a nice touch as well.I would definitely recommend this hotel - though it is rather pricey.	
Dec 31 2003	Ideal base for a four day sightseeing trip.	I had read through the reviews on Tripadvisor and the two concerns seemed to be noise and staff attitude. I e mailed the hotel's head of hospitality directly to raise both issues and was told they had gone to great lengths to minimise the noise problem (which I wasn't too bothered about anyway, New York is a vibrant city and I have earplugs!) also I was assured that the staff would ensure we had a good time. I was given excellent rates and it was worth every penny. The staff were warm, helpful and welcoming. The concierge, Kevin was great. He organised everything for us, restaurant bookings, transport, theatre tickets with ease and nothing seemed too much trouble. None of our party were icons of fashion but there was no 'sniffiness' from any of the staff, including the cocktail waitresses! The doorman were always chatty and humourous despite their cool black outfits. The room facilities were more than adaquate, very stylish and modern. The bathroom was very trendy! We only had room service breakfast in the hotel and that was delicious and wellpresented. The hotel was in easy walking distance to Greenwich Village, Soho, Little Italy, Ground Zero and Taxis were very cheap to run up to Midtown and further north. All in all, I would recommend this hotel, leave all your planning to the wonderful Kevin, smile at the staff and they'll smile back, take earplugs if you're worried about the noise but I slept like a log without them in the wonderfully comfortable bed.	
Nov 30 2003	worst hotel experience ever	I was appalled at the tiny rooms and the terrible room decor. My room looked like the inside of an Amtrak train car with creepy metal sinks and small, ugly TV set.I stayed on Friday and Saturday nights and the music from the bar in the center of the hotel atrium kept me up until 1:00am on Friday and 2:30am on Saturday.When I called to complain on Saturday night the front desk offered to make my room services from the previous night complimentary. That was very nice but on check out of course the meal was still on my bill. When I asked to have it removed the incredibly rude staff accused me on &quot;scamming&quot; him.Staying at the Tribeca Grand hotel was the worst hotel experience I've ever had!!	
Nov 29 2003	Much better than I expected...	...given most of the reviews on this site.The room ( a grand king on upper floor) was pretty comfortable for two. The bathroom was a bit on the small side (but large enough by European standards). Yes the in room refreshment centre is expensive but there is a small grocery store just across from the hotel on Church Street (unfortunatley I didn't discover it until my last day).Generally, the staff were polite and welcoming, although cocktail waitresses in the Church Lounge were a bit off-ish (however the friendly male bartenders more than made up for it).I think rooms now have a white noise machine as I had no problems with noise.I would definitely stay here again provided I got a good discount on the room rates.	
Oct 24 2003	Good	Stayed here 16/10 to 19/10. It was a really nice hotel in a good area and we had no problems at all. Room was nice and there was no noise from the bar, they seem to have that all under control as I was worried about that before we went after reading the reviews on here. No problems with the cocktail waitresses either, they were actually very polite and attentive. Drinks were pricey but to be expected in a hotel such as this.	
Oct 8 2003	Style but no substance	Disliked this place intensely. Noise from the late night party was intolerable, rooms are decorated in a very trendy way, but dingy and unattractive in my view. Nice selection of cds, horrific overpricing on everything. Business centre was a joke, although it did have the only helpful person on front offfice staff. Doormen are cute, but not a lingering memory. Wont be back.	
Sep 25 2003	Not great	Stayed at the Tribeca Grand Sept 2003. The room was okay, not big but as expected. The CD's and player were good, the mini bar/room tray stuff possably the most expensive ever but well stocked. We had problems when our room key stopped working and the staff were horrendously rude about it. They were also really unhelpful about booking a car to the airport, which I've never had a problem with in a hotel before. Well situated but we'd rather save the money and stay at the cosmopolitan where the staff treat you as guests not dirt.	
Sep 6 2003	Cocky Cocktail Waitresses		
Sep 2 2003	Watch out for the noise!		
Aug 17 2003	Not pretentious it's Manhattan!		
Aug 14 2003	Awesome stay at the Tribeca Grand and in NYC		
Aug 5 2003	Too pretentious for its own good		
Jul 14 2003	Wow! Couldn't ask for more!		
May 28 2003	Oh so quiet		
May 4 2003	can't beat it!		
Apr 23 2003	Not too hip for their guests...		
Feb 11 2003	Ms.		
Nov 22 2009 	100?????NY???????????		
Jun 2 2009 	Trs bien mais...		
Mar 27 2009 	Sehr schnes Hotel		
Feb 4 2009 	un trs bon moment...		
Jan 28 2009 	Supberbe sejour New Yorkais dans un hotel trs tendance		
Dec 26 2008 	Trs bel htel merveilleusement situ		
Dec 22 2008	New York come non l'avete mai vista!		
