	Enjoyed Chelsea Pines Inn very much !	I only have good things to say about Chelsea Pines Inn. From the moment we arrived we were treated as guests should be. Friendly, helpful with shows and resturant recommendations. The extended breakfast hours in the morning helped alot too. I was made to feel welcome and very well taken care of. Thank you to all the staff at Chelsea PInes Inn. I will definitley be back to see you. Regina	
	The Perfect Location - Clean - Great Hosts	The title says it all! This place was spectacular! Went to NY for a business class and wasn't sure where to stay. Checked homestay.com and saw some great places for more money but Chelsea Pines kept calling to me. The reviews were amazing and the ease of location as well as concierge won me over. Can't say enough about the locale. On all other trips I have stayed uptown and it was such a pleasure to be close to everything all the time. The one bedroom suite was just as pictured and worked great for myself and my employee. The guys at the front desk were gracious from check in to check out (even though we were accidentally stealing H2O from their fridge). It became our home away from home and I will never hesitate to recommend others to or return there myself! Thanks everyone - we had a blast!!!	
	Good job Jay!	Clean, friendly, idiosyncratic [we showered in a closet, but it worked] and [relatively] quiet. Great location away from the snooty people on upper 5th. Felt like real NY experience. Jay and the crew were great hosts. We'll go backA few tips. we Europeans like light breakfasts but a bit of ham or smoked salmon wouldn't go amiss; look after the rear garden, it could be real treasure; warn us older folks about the climb or offer rooms on the 2nd floor	
Nov 25 2009 	Really NOT all that....	Having read several 'great' reviews of this place on trip-advisor, in Gay times and online we were really looking forward to our stay here but unfortunatley, overall we were dissapointed and the reviews did not live up to the really thing. We always take trip advisor reviews with a pinch of salt and it takes alot to make us 'complain' or moan but on this occassion when your spending quite alot of money on a room I think its neccessary. We opted for a deluxe room but in our opinion apart for the arty film posters on the wall there was nothing more deluxe about it than a Days Inn - it was on the 5th floor which meant a hard lugg of our cases up there after a long journey - no offer of help either. The stair wells and landing were tatty and also all rooms are named after a film star with a star plaque on each door - not one didn't have paint splashed all around it like it had been painted in a rush which looked really bad. On one occassion our room wasn't made up when we got back from a day out - didn't get much of an apology either just shoved afew new shampoos.  There was nothing special about the staff - they did there very least really. Hi/Bye kinda thing which when you read how great the staff are it makes you wonder. Breakfast is fine although they could do with more than one small toaster for the morning rush of toasted bagels. On a positive note - the location is excellent just 50metres or so to a metro station and right in the heart of the gay district for bars, clubs and restuarants. We had a great time in NY but the Chelsea Pines Inn although perfectly comfortable but for the price you are paying really does not live up to the hype!	
Nov 24 2009 	Glowing with charm!	If you are sick of the usual service and composition you see every time you travel, the Chelsea Pines Inn is a must-try for every curious traveler to New York City.Simply put, the reviews don’t lie. Yes the hotel is exceedingly clean, perfectly situated and perhaps the coziest place away from home you could imagine; but…The real blessing is the staff who could not have gone further out of there way to accommodate our never-ending questions on our first visit to NYC. From event tickets, restaurant recommendations to subway directions, we truly felt like the only guests in the hotel. The quality of service will leave you smiling, guaranteed.We cannot wait to go back. No elavator?! Who cares, each step represents how much better this hotel must be than any other in NYC. Truly a gem.	
Nov 24 2009 	What a find!!!	We found this brilliant little hotel on Trip Adviser and picked it because of the great reviews. It was so good!!! If you love movies and movies stars this is the hotel for you!! The hotel is filled with wonderful old movie posters. From the minute we walked in to the minute we left the staff were great! The room was clean. Great sheets on the bed!!! The breakfast area is lovely and good mix of things to eat. I will be going back next week to stay another night!! Great location.	
Nov 24 2009 	Just Couldn't Live up to the Hype	The danger of so many five star reviews for, in facility terms at least, a modest hotel is that it can raise expectations , sometimes unrealistically.The excellent service and welcome are well documented in other reviews but we found these to be distinctly patchy on our visit, with levels of service and helpfulness varying greatly between the staff (the owner was a total starton every occasion, I have to say). When I cut my finger at breakfast I was faced with someone who seemed to have little urgency to help and couldn't even find a first aid kit. Some of the recommendations given were also less than enthusiastic, which for first time visitors was a little disappointing - it's this kind of service that's supposed to make Chelsea Pines stand out. We also had a room mix up which led to us having to move after one night and when we were confused over the tax on the final bill we found one of the staff pretty off hand.Again, as documented, the rooms are original and I can see how this would make a welcome change if you stay at faceless branded hotels regularly, but, from speaking to friends since, for the price it's not totally a value option - with offers at some larger hotels you can match what you'd pay here.Overall, it's about the hotel experience you want and it didn't really work for us despite the excellent location, some friendly staff and friendly other guests. My advice would be to consider hotels in a similar price bracket/package deal and set realistic expectations. While it wasn't what I was looking for, it's clearly doing lots right for a lot of people.	
Nov 19 2009 	The perfect place to stay in New York	Having been to NY 5 times and always stayed in mid town we were keen to stay closer to the areas we spend most fo our time in. And as a 7 month pregnant lady we wanted to make this trip memorable as it will be our last as a twosome.We found this hotel on the New York Times website (always a good start) and couldn't fault a thing. From the moment we arrived we had such a warm welcome and the guys couldnt do enough to make us feel at home. The hotel itself is realy nicely done. The collection of old movie posters everywhere is a lovely touch and we were thrilled ot be in the Tony Curtis room (next door to the doris day room natch).The room was spotless with a big comfy bed, nice ensuite bathroom with a good power shower. Not huge but bigger than many of the other boutique hotels we've stayed at in NY.The breakfast being included was great too - lovely fresh coffee, muffins, bagels and doughnuts plus cereal, yoghurt and fruit set us up well for our days out.And the location was perfect. A 10 minute walk to the magnolia Bakery and the gorgeousness of the west village on the doorstep. Then Pastis and all the other Meatpacking district bars and restaurants at the end of the street.Don't miss the highline walk whilst you're there. A beautiful way to see the city and again right on the doorstep.I coudn't recommend this place more. We are used to staying in lovely boutique hotels that cost twice as much but have not had as warm a welcome as we did here.	
Nov 17 2009 	Most Amazing New York Experience!	Where you stay on a vacation will make or break a great trip. The service we received while on our honeymoon was phenomenal. Jay and his staff are great. We received nothing but courteous and helpful service our whole stay. Everything from where to eat to getting us tickets to Broadway Shows. The room was perfect. It was all done out in Silver Screen memorabilia. Most importantly, the room was clean! The whole hotel was clean and new feeling for an older building. The complimentary media room was also a great plus.The surrounding area has to be the best in NYC. I've been before and we were there for a friends wedding. It was funny to find us in our area at the end of the night when out on the stag and wedding night as a group. Incredible restaurants, funky/chill nightclubs and all regular amenities are literally a stones throw away.The personal touches where the icing on the cake for us. Things like the staff taking time to research and find you the best deals on Broadway Shows, Jays homemade bread in the morning and the fresh bouquet that showed up in our room for our honeymoon. We plan on staying here every time we go to New York and I would definitely recommend The Chelsea Pines Inn to anyone and everyone!Thanks guys for a great trip!	
Nov 8 2009 	Loved it	Stayed for five nights in the Donna Reed room, super room with plenty of space and character. Al and his staff (and Charlie) made us feel moore than just guest. Fantastic help with hockey and musical tickets and everything. You really made our stay in NYC priceless. When we come back next time we definitely know where to stayStefan &amp; Katarina	
Nov 8 2009 	Very pleasant we would return	We are a young couple who stayed at Chelsea Pines Inn for 5 nights in May. We enjoyed our stay and would return to this hotel. In its price range, it was significantly better than 2 other small New York hotels I have tried.Pros:- Our room was comfortable and clean and the film star pictures gave it character- The window could be opened for fresh air and a pleasant view of a courtyard- For a New York hotel, it was pretty quiet, with minimal street noise and only noise from other guests in the hallways as they went to their rooms, not between the rooms themselves- Pleasant self-serve breakfast, though fairly minimal in options- Very well located, very close to a subway station, restaurants, shops etc, and walkable to quite a lot of tourist destinations- Great service - the staff at reception went out of their way to be helpful, find restaurants etcCons:- Air conditioner slightly noisy (not a big issue)- We were on the third floor and it was manageable but not pleasant getting in and out with our suitcases, but I wouldn't recommend the upper floors to elderly or mobility impaired guests	
Nov 7 2009 	Great Location quaint film star rooms!!	this hotel is in perfect location for many subway lines, and basically walking distance from most tourist areas. Breakfast was included- muffins, bread and yogurt but wasnt that varied. some rooms are very small, but the beds are comfortable and we didnt spend much time in them anyway! very helpfull staff and super atmosphere which made our stay very enjoyable!	
Nov 6 2009 	Clean Quiet Comfortable Convenient.	Moderately priced Inn with nicely appointed rooms on West 14th Street. Wifi and breakfast included, great value. L train is a half block away so making the transfer uptown at Union Square is a snap. Service was stellar, went out of their way to make my short stay extremely comfortable. Great alternative for business travelers tired of the big boxy and expensive (twice the price) mid town hotels	
Nov 5 2009 	Halloween in NYC	Flew out from LA and met with a friend from Albuquerque for Halloween in the Big Apple. Daniel and Xavier provided superior customer service which made a great weekend even better!	
Nov 4 2009 	Perfect Chelsea location with great movie theme rooms and a super staff.	Chelsea Pines Inn is a great place to stay. It's charming with the feeling of a bed and breakfast, but the privacy of a hotel. The rooms are movie themed with terrific photos and posters of movie stars of the silver screen. The staff is warm and friendly, and the owner and gm in particular are theater nuts and have wonderful advice/assistance to offer if you are at all interested in seeing shows while in town. They celebrate NY, which makes it even easier to find the best places to dine, enjoy art, and see the town. There is even a Inn Cat (&quot;Charlie&quot;) who is very friendly and makes the place feel like home.	
Oct 29 2009 	A place to come back as soon as possible	We had a wonderful stay at the Chelsea Pine Inn. The staff is extremely friendly and the location is very nice, close to the beatiful Meat District with all the nice reaturants and café's.	
Oct 26 2009 	great place great people	Just really really nice people there, enjoy your stay as we did!	
Oct 26 2009 	The perfect first time NYC experience	We recently returned from our stay (October 22-25) at the fabulous Chelsea Pines Inn and I couldn't wait to write a glowing recommendation. We arrived at noon and despite our early arrival were almost instantly shown to our room.Jay and Al were quick to show us around and ask us if it was our first time in New York. The answer yes garnered lots of good advice (how to use the subway, where it would be fun to stroll on such a gorgeous day, here are this month's shows if you are interested.) The staff arranged tickets to a show, a car to pick us up when it was time for us to depart and everything else we asked of them.The room was lovely, the space clean and the amenities plentiful. The garden and sunroom were the perfect places to start my day with a book and a bagel. And for a cat lover, having Charlie mew good morning each day was extra special.I can't speak highly enough of the Inn, the staff or the neighbourhood.	
Oct 21 2009 	The perfect location with a very friendly and helpful staff.	subway only 100 feet away. right on the edge of the Village, Chelsae and Meat Packing District. plenty of restaurants, shopping and parks. Charlie the cat was ther to greet you every day you came back.. Business center available to check e-mail. Nice daily news letter on what is going on in City. Will stay here on next visit.	
Oct 21 2009 	A real gem!	We just love Chelsea Pines and would recomend it to anyone travelling to NYC. It is a gay hotel, but we have stayed with heterosexual friends several times and they have always made them just as welcome. The hotel location is Chelsea/Meatpacking district with a subway right on the corner, so you are in a great part of town. Rates are good value for NYC and you get the wonderful bonus of breakfast, too. Rooms are clean and comfortable - I think the ONLY thing I would suggest is that as the buidling is tall with no lift, if you have any mobility problems make sure you ask for a room on the lower floors.Staff are the most helpful and welcoming I have ever come across anywhere. I think its advantage is that it is not part of a chain, so the atmosphere is set by its wonderful owner, Jay. Book in and enjoy your stay!	
Oct 20 2009 	A great place to stay in New York	My partner and I stayed a week at Chelsea Pines and I would definitely stay again. Location is excellent, only 50 metres to the subway station and we found Chelsea to be a very safe area close to some good venues. The hotel is very clean and tidy and the staff were all very helpful. Our room was very quiet and the breakfast each day is excellent. It was our first visit to New York and Chelsea Pines was a great base.	
Oct 19 2009 	Fabulous friendly great located Inn in Chelsea/West Village	I've been staying at the Cheleas Pines Inn for almost 20 years, for both business and personal trips. The management continues to improve and upgrade the Inn to the point where it rivals the best of small boutique hotels in NYC. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful, the rooms are very comfortable, and the amenities are top-notch. The new 2-room suites are very nice and ideal for 2 friends travelling together. And the location on the border between the West Village and Chelsea can't be beat for restaurants, shopping, night life, and easy subway access to all of NYC.	
Oct 19 2009 	Wonderful hotel - Great staff!	Had a wonderful stay at the Chelsea Pines Inn. Beautiful inside and out. Charming converted five story walk up. Decorated with lots of classic movie star posters and pictures. I stayed in the Lee Remick suite. Lovely! Comfortable queen size bed. Gorgeous bathroom! Nice breakfast in the morning. Great business center with computers/printers. The staff was first rate! The subway was just down the block. Very easy to get uptown to shows and shopping! Would happily stay again!	
Oct 19 2009 	Great location most enjoyable stay and frienly staff	We were returning guests and , once again, greatly appreciated the Chelsea Pines Inn for its convenient location and for the improvements in room renovations and other things like Business Center. The breakfast is generous and the staff is very friendly and helpful. We will definitely come back again !	
Oct 19 2009 	Great place to stay in NYC; friendly staff great location and nice rooms	We stayed in the Celsea Pines Inn for three nights and really liked the place. The location is right on 14th between 5th and 6th, close to / in Chelsea, Soho and Meatpackers. The first thing you notice when you step into the hotel is that its cozy, clean and well kept. Second thing you notice is the very friendly staff who welcome you, very nice indeed. The room we stayed in was one of the standard rooms; cozy, functional, with a good bathroom, nice bed and a view to the garden. Also loved the breakfast, fresh bagels, juices etc! The only downside was that we booked last minute so we had the room on the top / Fourth floor (no elevator) so a good workout to get to and from your room. Other than that we loved our stay. I would really recommend this hotel and we would come back!	
Oct 17 2009 	Simply the Best	It was comfortable &amp; restful. The full kitchen downstairs was amazing; They had homemade orange peel bread one morning - wow! Room was clean &amp; a little larger than expected. Front desk seem to not know a stranger; I was treated like a guest in someone's home and not like a customer. Will stay here again.	
Oct 10 2009	Great Style and decor...helpful staff	My daughter and I stayed in this boutique hotel, and were delighted with our room and the staff. Our room was small (there are larger rooms, we just figured we wouldn't be spending much time in ours, so decided to save and use the savings elsewhere) but was so well designed that it worked very well and was comfortable. Bathroom upgraded and upscale with granite counter, tile and plush linens. Love the old Hollywood decor and movie posters. Desk staff very helpful, and issue an info page each morning with weather forecast, interesting things to do, etc. Business room has computers and a printer at no charge...Continental breakfast included. No elevators though, so we got a good workout to the fourth floor. Close to the subway station.	
Oct 7 2009 	My first visit in NY was fab thank's to the guys at Chelsea Pines Inn	This hotel in NY isn't just situated in a really nice area. It's clean, welcoming, has creative and fun decorated rooms and foremost a wonderful staff. They will help you find what ever you're looking fore and they fill this special little family-reeling hotel with a nice atmosphere. A big plus for the small backyard, where you can take your cup of coffe in the morning. // Nina from Sweden	
Oct 5 2009 	A superb home from home with the friendliest of staff	We had stayed at this hotel 3 years previously and chose to return as we found its facilities, location and the helpfulness of the staff an absolute must. In fact, the hotel had been refurbished and the new internet suite came in very handy as I discovered I'd lost my wallet on arriving there! The owner, Jay, couldn't have been more concerned and helpful as regards this unfortunate occurence.	
Oct 4 2009 	Cute small hotel	We stayed three nights in this hotel and were pleased. I had booked a double room in advance and everything was alright when we checked in. Hotels rooms are dedicated to film stars and we stayed in Rock Hudson room. I loved the interior and old movie posters. The only downside in this hotel is that it doesn't have a lift and the steps are pretty narrow and steep.The room had separate hall with a small table, two chairs and a fridge. Bedroom was spacious and there was also couple of chairs and a small table. Bathroom was clean and comfortable. There's really nothing bad to say about the room, it was cozy and we liked it.Breakfast was included with the price and there were the basic stuff: bread, cereal, coffee, tea and juice. Hotel is located on the 14th street and the location pleased us, we didn't want to stay near tourist attractions. Subway entrance is near, there were many nice restaurants nearby and some interesting shops. It is a gay neighborhood so if you have a problem with that, I suggest you stay somewhere else. We had an enjoyable stay and could stay here again!	
Sep 30 2009 	Clean stylish hotel with fantastic service in great location.	Stayed at Chelsea Pines for the first time after reading great reviews on Trip Advisor. Was not disappointed... in fact even better than we expected. Chelsea Pines is in a great location (walking distance) for Meatpacking District, West Village and Soho which all have great shopping, dining and nightlife. Hotel was spotlessly clean with fabulous bed linens and plush towels. Staff were all extremely friendly and helpful catering to our every need with a genuine smile. Great breakfast every morning which is served until 11am which is nice not to have to get up at the crack of dawn after a night on the town :) The check out time of 12noon is nice too... most place in NYC are 11am. Would highly recommend this hotel to both couples and families looking for a small, friendly, stylish &quot;family run&quot; place to stay. We will definately be back.	
Sep 27 2009 	Friendly stay in great location	Chelsea Pines is gay-friendly: straights should read that as simply friendly. It was a key part in my wife's enjoyment of her first visit to New York (from New Zealand), and she thinks it the most characterful place she's ever stayed.It's not a full-service hotel, but the staff are very friendly and obliging, and they organized a car to Newark International in the middle of the night with great efficiency. The self-service breakfast is excellent in the bagels-and-muffins genre, and there are lots of places to eat in the immediate neighbourhood; the Chelsea Pines recommendations are both reliable and very precise (once you make the simple step of realizing that &quot;convivial&quot; can mean &quot;noisy,&quot; to fogies like me).Chelsea Pines is Hollywood themed, and there are lots of movie posters around, but it is not over the top. It is quiet and restful, and the hotel cat is of the meditative kind (well, he's old and sleeps a lot). It was a real pleasure to come back here in the evening.We had a premium room, with good space, though the whole building is kind of narrow, so the space is mostly in the length dimension. Everything was clean and worked properly, the bed was huge and very comfortable (and firm, which is excellent for aging backs on a sight-seeing trip). The noise level is excellent for its location, and we had no trouble sleeping.We're already recommending this to our friends, and hope to return soon.	
Sep 21 2009 	The Inn's warm welcome carried on throughout our stay.	Excellent location, with a very pleasant and helpful staff. We felt comfortable from the moment we arrived and enjoyed our banter with all staff members. We appreciated their wonderful and insightful ideas and recommendations for things to do and places to eat.	
Sep 21 2009 	I can't recommend this hotel highly enough	I have just returned from New York after spending 5 fabulous nights at the Cheslea Pines with a group of girls to celebrate my birthday. What a treat this place is. Clean, stylish, incredibly welcoming, and an all round pleasure to stay in. I can't recommend this hotel highly enough. The staff were brilliant, so friendly and helpful (even putting up with 6 girls in high heels clattering around the place) and the added touch of a bunch of flowers in my room on my birthday was a lovely surprise. The 3 rooms we stayed in were really spacious, clean and the beds were so comfortable!Breakfast each morning was also an added treat, where yummy bagels, muffins and home made breads were all laid out waiting for us. A lovely way to start the day.The location is excellent, with a subway stop just down the street. All in all, we had a lovely time and I'm so glad I found this gem of a place!	
Sep 12 2009 	great room great staff great location	Staying at Chelsea Pines Inn was a pleasure. The room was very comfortable, nicely decorated and seemed new. The aircon in summer was a definate plus. We slept really well as it was very quiet, but in a busy bustling area of NYC. The staff were very friendly, including the resident cat. Each room is named after a hollywood movie star and has photos and posters up of the star in your room. I would recommend this place to friends and would stay there again myself.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great location great people great place!	The &quot;Pines&quot; is a great respite from the New York pace. I visit for work quite often and really appreciate the personalized service and attention. I have been a customer for 15 years and have never had a negative experience. I look forward to my time there, it feels like home!	
Sep 8 2009 	So Friendly and greatly located	if you are fed up with hotel chains you will love this charming guest house, ideally located in Chelsea and near the Meatpacking district, one of the hot spot of NY.the staff is really nice and helpful, for sure we will return.	
Sep 8 2009 	Classy interesting small hotel in a fabulous neighborhood.	Classic, movie-themed small hotel is fun and comfortable. If you aren't used to stairs, be sure to request a room on one of the lower floors.	
Sep 8 2009 	cool fun and friendly	This place was excellent in every way. I rang to make a reservation and requested a quiet room, so we had one facing the garden which was fine. The people on the desk were extremely knowledgeable, warm and helpful, making us feel that nothing was too much trouble. The hotel is in a great location, near the new High Line park which is wonderful, and very handy for the Subway. There is a daily information sheet they produce, telling you what's on and stuff of interest. The room was very comfortable and clean, with air conditioning (essential in August). We took two teenage boys (14 and 18) and they both loved it as well. It was both very relaxed and extremely efficient, I would highly recommend it.	
Sep 7 2009 	Fantabulous	From the location to the people, nothing beats Chelsea Pines. I just wish I had a permanent room there. convenient to the Meatpacking District and Greenwich Village, Chelsea Pines is a little home away from home.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great value and location	We are not very keen on anonimous big chain owned hotels and based on the reviews on Tripadvisor decided to give it a chance on our first visit to New York.  It was a great decision. We stayed for 12 nights at the Debby Reynolds suite which consisted of a decently sized bedroom and a small sitting room, equiped with flat TV in each room, air conditioning, private complete bath, hairdryer, refrigerator and air conditioning ,The location is great, right between Chelsea and the Village, near a lot of good restaurants, and just a few steps from a multi line subway station, The free wi-fi , business center and continental breakfast were a much appreciated plus.Staff was very nice, corteous and helpful. Daniel: thank you very much for your all your assistance.It will definetely be our hotel in NYK.	
Sep 6 2009 	It felt like being home in the great city of New York	Chelsea Pines Inn is, hands down, the nicest hotel I've stayed at, since I moved out of the New York area four years ago. I've stayed at a number of places, since my move - and Chelsea Pines Inn was the one that felt like home - sophisticated, like the city itself, with a wonderful sense of style and humor in its decor (B movie stars), an incredibly friendly staff, a clean quiet room, a terrific range of breakfast choices, a great little garden in back for that first coffee of the day... I'm a playwright, and was in town to see a performance of a play of mine - and Chelsea Pines even went to the trouble of blurbing my play, in their daily in-house newsletter... Close to subways, great restaurants, the wonderful new High Line park - I couldn't have asked for a nicer place to stay... Hope to stay there again, and highly recommend it.	
Aug 26 2009	This hotel had a most comfortable atmosphere with all the conveniences of home.	This is a clean and comfortable hotel, which offers ample self serve breakfasts included in the price. The staff are friendly and go out of their way to be helpful in all ways. There are computers available to use at all times. The location is great - accessible to public transportation and all amenities. My daughter and I had a great time. I am diabetic so having breakfast on the premises and a fridge in the room for snacks were very important to me. The only drawback would be the stairs (no elevator) if climbing is a problem, however the staff are more than willing to help out with luggage if necessary. Ask for a lower floor is this is a concern.	
Aug 24 2009 	Friendly comfortable and cool as hell!	This place is fantastic! My girlfriend and I spent two nights here on a break from working at a camp and it was absolutely perfect!The staff were super friendly and helpful. Made us feel more than welcome and gave us a load of information on where to go in the local area, including one amazing Vietnamese restaurant round the corner.The rooms were very spacious and comfortable and the movie star themes were very cool and quirky. We felt very much at home and comfortable in the hotel and really enjoyed the self service/kitchen style breakfast bar and back garden. Hopefully will return to this hotel next time we're in New York.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great Choice for a NYC Visit	We stayed here for 4 nights in August - thank god the air conditioning worked! ;-)It's a terrific choice - the price, given the location, was excellent. Then, you have the staff, who were all very, very nice. They were happy to advise on restaurants, routes through Central Park, Metropolitan Museum of Art, etc.It was a little surprising when we opened the door to our room when we arrived and Charlie (Chaplin) the cat walked out, but we love cats, and enjoyed patting him on the head whenever we saw him.The room is typical for an urban area like NY - oddly shaped (super narrow), but that, plus the movie posters gave it a fun, funky feel. BTW, we were in the Lee Remick room....The only negative thing that happened during our visit was the gas company starting construction right out the front door (and below our 4th floor window) at 6 AM one day. Of course, the hotel had nothing to do with that - it got us out of bed and on our way for the day, at least.The breakfast was fine - there was a good mix of bagels, muffins, cereal, and fruit to go along with juice and coffee. The TV was tuned to a news station, so we could catch up with current events if we wanted.It was great having a subway station about 100 feet from the front door - we each bought an unlimited ride 7-day ticket for $25 and got our money's worth, even though we were there for only 3½ days.The neighborhood felt super safe - if you head south (into the Village?), there are a zillion restaurants to choose from in a lively setting.When it was time to leave, the front desk made arrangements for a car service to take us to JFK - it's only a few dollars more than a taxi, and a lot more comfortable.I will absolutely stay here again - it was terrific!!	
Aug 21 2009 	Good value great location cute cat	Have stayed at this Inn three times over the last ten years or so - it's always been fun and great value. It's especially good if you are in your 20s and 30s and on a bit of a budget - or if if it is your first time to NY.It is set in a great red brick building and has an extension at the back for breakfast and chilling out.The rooms are named after various celebrities, such as Rock Hudson, but it's all done on the right side of camp.Essentially it is, of course, a gay Inn, but friendly enough for all to feel welcome - though to be fair, it is not the sort of place to go with a young family.It is really close to the Metro and has some great places to eat and drink nearbye, thanks to its location in Chelsea/Greenwich.The times I have stayed there I have always found the place to be clean. The rooms are of a good size (you should pay the extra for the better rooms if you can) and the facilities are good.I have not been there for a few years now and I hear the prices have gone up, which would be a shame and I have marked it down a bit because of this - it is still a place to go on a small-medium budget (as much as one can in NY).It can get a bit noisy when people are coming up the stairs (note - stairs, no lift) late, but in this place, it only ever seemed to add to the atmosphere. Likewise, yes, you can hear sirens, but it's in the middle of NYC - I would ask for refund if I could not hear the noise of the City!I don't know if I will ever stay there again, I have different circumstances now, but I have very, very fond memories of my three visits there and, of course, of New York. What else to say? The cat from here and the cat from the Brass Key in Provincetown both know how to run very good guest-houses!	
Aug 21 2009 	I have great time	I spent 2 nights in August at Chelsea Pines Inn, I had a great time. People was very freindly and the hotel was very well located. I recommened have the experience, also I suggest to have lunch at Chelsea Market, just 5 minutes wak from the hotel.Cheers,Karen Gilchrist(Chile)	
Aug 19 2009 	excellent accommodation	I don't know what were the expectations of people that wrote a negative review on this place, because we' ve found a clean and cozy hotel, with a courteous and pleasant staff that gave us many suggestions on restaurant and place to visit. We stayed in the &quot;Donna Reed&quot; room for three nights: maybe it's not a big room (just like a lot of other places in NY...), but was clean and comfortable.I will recommend this place to friends that are looking for a place different from an anonymous hotel owned by big chains, this is an hotel that has its own personality.	
Aug 15 2009	a delight!	The Chelsea Pines Inn was an excellent place to stay in every way. Perhaps the most notable aspect of this charming hotel is the delightful staff. Everyone we met was friendly and very willing to go the extra mile to be helpful. Moreover, the hotel was sparkling clean and tastefully decorated, the location can't be beat and the breakfasts were excellent. This place is much more personable than your average hotel; but more casual and enjoyable than staying in a prissy bed and breakfast. I would highly recommend this place to anyone visiting New York for any purpose.	
Aug 9 2009 	Definitely "our" hotel in NYC from now on!	My husband and I recently spent 4 days in NYC at The Chelsea Pines Inn. It was perfect! The staff is excellent (friendly &amp; attentive with daily newsletter that highlighted things we would have missed otherwise), the location you can't beat - subway just a few steps away, quick walk to the HiLine park overlooking the Hudson (don't miss this), Chelsea Market, great restaurants, etc. The rooms are quiet, very clean, sophisticated &amp; beautifully updated,(baths, flat screen TV, A.C. &amp; more) and they offer about every size/arrangement you could need from single rooms to neat little suites. The business center on second floor made keeping in touch with work, printing maps, researching the city very easy and convenient. Loved the nice touch of the kitchen/breakfast area - and the 24-7 cookie jar. I especially enjoyed being able to have coffee and breakfast on the patio outside and read the NYTimes. For some, the stairs (no elevator) may give you pause, but I found a 5th floor room not an issue at all and after the first day of &quot;training&quot; my husband actually welcomed the exercise and noticed improved conditioning each day. Of course, you can stay on lower floors too. It is a great value. Can't think of a single thing to improve. If you want your nails done, dry cleaning,etc. plenty of great places nearby. F.M.Andrews Louisville, KY	
Aug 9 2009 	Great Service Location 	I recently enjoyed staying in a suite at the Chelsea Pines Inn. On arrival the service was excellent (continued from all staff during stay) and we were quickly and efficiently directed to our room. The suite is quite roomy with separate bedroom and extra television. There was plenty of room to store our luggage and the bathroom was excellent with a large shower and two basins. The room was on the 5th floor (no lifts) which was a bit of struggle after a day out exploring New York although well always a pleasure to return to. The breakfast offered was good and location excellent. There is a subway station along from the Inn and there are plenty of sights that can be visited on foot. The inn provides a computer room with free internet access and also supplies a daily newsletter with events and touring suggestions. The reception staff were also very helpful in providing information for sightseeing. I would not hesitate to recommend the Inn to other travellers and will return there on my next trip to New York.	
Aug 8 2009 	Our first trip to NYC	We had the opportunity to stay at Chelsea Pines while we were in NYC. This was our first trip to NYC and we were looking for a safe, affordable place. Not only is Chelsea Pines all of those things it is much more. I can't say enough good things about them. They were friendly, helpful and accomodating from the moment we arrived. They checked our baggage, offered us breakfast and got us into our room quickly. Our entire stay was enjoyable. I felt like family and can't wait to return. P.S. Charlie Chaplin the cat really looks like Charlie Chaplin!	
Aug 7 2009 	The Chelsea Pines Hotel is a safe and clean place to stay in New York.	The Chelsea Pines Hotel is a safe and clean place to stay in New York. All of the hotel employees went out of their way to make our first trip to the big city the best. They provided a daily listing of interesting sites and discount coupons. Their front door is just steps from the subway and the continental breakfast was well supplied. Even the hotel owner checked on us! Highly recommend….	
Aug 7 2009 	Loved it! great value for NYC	My partner and I stayed here for 4 nights and it was great value for NYC. When we arrived we were upgraded to a deluxe room which by new york standards was huge. There was downside, it was on the 5th floor and there is no lift and it faced out on a busy road but that's new york. It didn't bother us too much.Staff were very friendly and location is great. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Aug 7 2009 	Don't hesitate to book a room here!	We chose to stay at the Chelsea Pines Inn based on the very positive reviews we found on Trip Advisor. We weren't disappointed and spent a wonderful couple of days there. Jay and his staff have created a very pleasant haven for visitors to New York. Our room was clean and spacious, with nice amenities. Everyone on the staff was extremely helpful; the night staff was especially accommodating of our early morning coffee request. Their restaurant recommendations were first-rate too, and they readily made reservations for us. It is also easy to get to and from the inn as it is a half block from the 14th street subway station, from which you can easily get to almost any place in the city. We plan to stay at the Chelsea Pines again and have already recommended the Chelsea Pines to others.	
Aug 7 2009 	We'll be back	A charming hotel, great location, and wonderful hosts...the rates were a real bargain....	
Aug 6 2009 	Excellent hotel	My wife and i read about the hotel on trip advisor and it certainly lived up to it's reviews. The location was great with the subway only one minute away. The hotel was quiet which was great after a long day site seeing. The rooms were tidy and the cookie jar downstairs was great. The staff and Jay were extremely helpful and had excellent recommendations for things to do and money saving tips. We are looking forward to going back to New York and staying at the Chelsea Pines Inn.	
Aug 2 2009 	Hospitality and coziness are the key words when it comes to describing Chelsea Pines Inn	We certainly had a terrific stay at Chelsea Pines Inn. Not only was the staff unusually friendly and helpful, the hotel itself was warm, welcoming and charming. Being Europeans, we value public transportation very highly. C.P.I. is located in a friendly neighborhood with easy access to both Uptown and Downtown. Even if you're not familiar with using the subway-system, the staff (again) is ready to assist. All in all, we give our best recommendations. Susanne &amp; Anders, Denmark.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great Stay. Conveniently Located. Lovely Hosts.	No suprises at this fantastic B &amp; B. The recommendations provided by Trip Advisor travellers were spot on and we were very happy with our stay. Totally recommend for the younger travellers only because there is no lift access to get to the rooms and the stairway is quite steep :-)Pros: Hosts were very friendly and helpful. 2 min walk to subway. Dry cleaners across the road that provided clothes washing service. Lovely covered court yard to have equally lovely breakfast in. Room and bathroom kept clean and tidy. Strolling/walking distance to Meat Packing District and trendy cafes. Very safe area to live - though you will find Manhattan quite safe anyway! Cons: Small room No PC or laptop provided in common area for surfing the web. Toiletries were not topped up after a couple of days so had to resort to using  shampoo that I had saved away from another hotel stay.  The climb to our room can be a bit tiresomefor older travellers (no lift access)  though the staff were very helpful and carried our luggage up the steep stairs to  our room.	
Jul 31 2009 	Relax in New York	I go to the big city to get away and Chelsea Pines is a great place to do that. The staff is very helpful with tips on what to see and how to get around. Go to the bookstore and get a small laminated map of the NYC subway system and you can get anywhere you want to go. I have stayed there 5 times and will definitely stay there for my next visit.	
Jul 30 2009 	Failed to live up to expectations	I chose the Chelsea Pines Inn carefully as my only previous trip to New York (12 years) ago had been ruined by a substandard hotel. Given the reviews online I was expecting it to be good.The standard of the room was poor. I didn't expect it to be large (I was only paying for the superior standard room) or particularly well-furnished (it is a budget hotel). But I did expect it to be clean. The lavatory was full of waste when I arrived. The shower had not been cleaned and had pieces of paper stuck to the floor that had clearly been there for a while. The bedding, although I think clean, smelt like someone else had slept in it. The quality of the furnishing was also unacceptable. The bed was a spring Z-bed so creaked everytime you rolled over and the handles were hanging off the wardrobe.The pluses were the staff (particularly Art) who were great, the included breakfast and the free-wifi.Sure Chelsea Pines is reasonably cheap but I am sure there must be better places to stay for the same or not much more. I won't be visiting again.	
Jul 28 2009 	p e r f e c t	we spent only one night in Manhatten, after we missed a connecting flight, and it was a happy coincidence that we discovered this wonderful little hotel. It is excellent value, the rooms are clean and nicely decorated, and overall the hotel has a very pleasant, decently informal atmosphere. The great staff made our short stay in NYC a great experience. We highly recommend this place.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great stay as always	This was my second time at the Chelsea Pines Inn, and I am a totally satisfied customer. The rooms are very interesting, particularly if you're a film buff. They are very clean, and the beds are very comfortable. The staff is very friendly and helpful- overall, it's a very personal place, and that's very important to me. I'll definitely be back. Tim Hauser	
Jul 27 2009 	Couldn't fault this place-hope to return.	This hotel is a hidden gem. The staff gave us a warm welcome and were incredibly helpful and friendly. The hotel was very clean, and we were not bothered by noise. We were thrilled to stay in the Doris Day room at the back of the hotel (recommended). The room was spacious and featured a huge colourful poster above the bed, and lots of other fun movie prints. The ensuite was great and the sheets were fantastic! Breakfasts of coffee, muffins, bagels and cereal were great, and there was ample room to store our luggage on the final day of our stay. Nearby attractions include the High Line (elevated park from a converted railway), the Mac store (really - it is glorious) and fabulous places to eat and drink. I hope to return to the Chelsea Pines Inn - it was wonderful!	
Jul 26 2009 	More stars than there are in Heaven....	As visitors know, finding a good and not overly expensive hotel in NYC is not an easy task. We discovered Chelsea Pines Inn through a New York Times review - a very positive one indeed. Now, having been Chelsea Pines Inn guests twice, we,d like to share some additional positive comments. Chelsea Pines Inn successfully mixes high standard services typical of a multiple star hotel with a cosy and, we'd say, familiar atmosphere. Standard rooms may be small but enriched by nice bathrooms, colorful decoration, confortable beds and complimentary wi-fi. The small Business Center, recently added, with two brand new computers and a printer, represents a further improvement of the already high standard of the available services (whever asked the staff is eager to help with ticket reservations, suggestions or anything you mighy need). At Chelsea Pines Inn the day starts with an original and useful newsletter (The Chelsea Morning) slipped under your room's door, suggesting attractions shows and concerts for the day, followed by a rich breakfast, that you can enjoy in the kitchen or in the conservatory ,in a very informal atmosphere. You feel at home but at the same time the personnel is always careful and available, ready to refill the serving plates where you can find bagels, muffins, scones and even salmon and fresh cream, during the we. In conclusion do not expect the standard chain hotel's features or atmosphere (there is no elevator and some of the rooms might be perceived as too small) but Chelsea Pines Inn's slogan &quot;more stars than there are in Heaven&quot; is definitely appropriate! Whenever we leave in the taxi to the airport we start planning to come back.	
Jul 23 2009 	Not as great as I'd hoped...	Read reviews and booked based on what I'd read. It was a very friendly place but didn't have the wow factor I had imagined. Breakfast sometimes ran out (the bagels are amazing) and shower was cold. Wasn't the cleanest of rooms (hair in bathroom). Was a bit small for a suite (specifically wanted more space). Liked location although on main road so very noisey. Recommend going on High Line and Brass Monkey bar as well as lovely bars on Bleeker Street which are all nearby.	
Jul 18 2009 	LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!	This was my 2nd stay at Chelsea Pines and I did not think it could be better than the last, but it was. I was greeted by the SAME staff as the last trip a year earlier. The lengths that EVERYONE went too, to help me during my trip was above and beyond what I ever expected. ( I was there this trip due to a death in the family). The best attraction in NYC for me is this welcoming inn on 14th street. There is no other place for me to stay when I come to the City. You will love the staff, atmosphere, rooms and the breakfast.	
Jul 5 2009 	Can't wait to go back!	I picked this hotel due to it's ratings on here. I loved every minute of my stay! I went with my boyfriend and stayed in a standard double which was really spacious and the bed was amazingly comfortable. The themes to the rooms is really cool and the cookies and tea and coffee that you can get free all the time is a nice touch. It's so relaxing at breakfast coz you can just make whatever you want and chill out. The staff are all so friendly and helpful, nothing is too much trouble for them! The location is perfect for a young couple, we loved wandering the streets of chelsea and greenwich village. Highlight was the safron vietnamese restaurant near the hotel which we were recommended by the staff, brilliant food and pretty reasonable.LOVE LOVE LOVE! I'm booking my next stay there now!	
Jun 29 2009 	Love love love the Chelsea Pines Inn	Booking a hotel based on its website it always a leap of faith...will it be any good, what will the staff be like, will it be in a good area etc? When we arrived at the Chelsea Pines Inn I was incredibly happy with the decision we had made. It's in a fabulous location, nice and close to the subway, and tons of fabulous restaurants, cafes and delis. I'd been warned before getting to NY that the rooms would be ridiculously small, but again, I was pleasantly surprised to get a decent sized room with a great bathroom (the shower was amazing). The hotel staff were helpful and friendly and provided great information of things to do around the area. Charlie the cat was gorgeous and is definitely worthy of a kiss and cuddle every morning.Breakfast was included, and was a perfect start to a day of sightseeing. Bagels, coffee, cereal etc were set out every morning in the kitchen. YUM! The complimentary business centre had 2 computers and a printer, which nmade it easy to look up addresses, keep in touch with people at home, and print off boarding passes for our next location. If you stay there, don't miss out on walking the high line (ask the hotel staff). It was a beautiful, tranquil idyll in the middle of a bustling city, and a testament to the people who worked so hard to get a disused transport corridor turned into urban greenspace.Again, I would heartily recommend the hotel to anyone wanting to experience a great location in a hotel that provides personal service and comfortable surrounds.	
Jun 25 2009 	Why Stay Anywhere Else The Chelsea Pines Inn Is Fantastic!	Four years ago a colleague turned me on to the Chelsea Pines Inn and it immediately became my only choice for lodging in Manhattan. It is in a great section of the city - meat packing / Greenwich Village that is convenient for business or personal needs. The property is charming and is very well maintained. The staff, including Charlie the cat, are nothing less than excellent, really, everyone on the staff is really great. Until recently i traveled to the area for business in both Manhattan and Connecticut. Although I no longer have professional responsibilities in Manhattan, I still stay at the Chelsea Pines Inn and commute to Connecticut. Yes, the Chelsea Pines is that great. When it comes to the bed &amp; breakfast concept, they do it right and better than anyone else around. I highly recommend it. I am a frequent lodger and will continue to be. Hopefully I'll run into you there!	
Jun 22 2009 	Wonderful Place Wonderful People	My husband and I LOVED this place. It is quite charming. The staff was so friendly and helpful. They made us feel at home right away. We had booked a standard room which we expected to be small for NYC standards, but it was actually bigger than the room we stayed at during our previous visit to NYC at a popular mid town hotel which actually cost much more per night without any of the coziness the Chelsea Pines Inn provided. Even better, the second day we were there the manager upgraded us to a super deluxe room at no extra charge! How nice is that? I instantly fell in love with our room, the Jeffrey Hunter room, with it's blue walls and vintage movie posters. The bed was super comfy too. We had a nice sitting area with a little table and two chairs. The room had a nice sized mini fridge and a wardrobe for clothes. The private bathrooms were surprisingly large and attractively decorated. Our first room had a lovely modern glass bowl sink, and our second had a glass block wall for the shower. The room was impecably clean as was the entire Inn. The fact that it's a walk-up wasn't an issue at all for us as we got used to the excercise fairly quickly. The location is fantastic: only steps away from the crosstown L train and the A/C/E trains. The complimentary breakfast: bagels, muffins, doughnuts, cereals, yogurt, juice and coffee was quite tasty and came in handy on the go. And last but certainly not least, Charlie Chaplin the Inn's black and white cat was always ready for a visit and scratch behind his ears. I would recommend this place highly and I can't wait to go back!!!	
Jun 19 2009 	A great location friendly and helpful staff clean comfortable and definitely worth returning to.	Close to several markets, Greenwich, West Village, the new Promenade, the Hudson River, the subway and a number of super restaurants. If the New York hustle and bustle is not for you 24/7 this is your spot with very easy access to it all from a quieter neighbourhood. Thanks to Jay and his colleagues for your suggestions.	
May 26 2009 	Terrific small hotel with lots of personality	Terrific small hotel with personality. Lots of personal attention. Staff is friendly and helpful. Rooms are all different. Nice breakfast. Feels like your coming home after a busy city day or evening. Small business center allows free use of computers. Great location within walking distance to the Village and Chelsea. Subway on the corner.	
May 8 2009 	Have stayed at the Library Hotel and the Casablanca but would choose Chelsea Pines any day	We've been to NYC several times and stayed in a variety of hotels including some that have very good reviews on Trip Advisor. However, we had never stayed in the Village and this hotel appealed based on the reviews we'd read and the price. We were not disappointed. We booked a standard room, and asked for a high floor with a room at the back of the inn. We were given the Ann Margaret room, which was on the 4th floor overlooking the back garden. It was larger than we expected and had room for 2 armchairs in addition to the bed. There was also a built in wardrobe, safe, fridge, flat screen tv and i-pod docking station. There was also plenty of room to strore our empty suitcases (behind the armchairs). The bed was really comfy and the room was nice and quiet with no street noise (being at the back) and no noise from neighbouring rooms despite the inn being pretty full. Yes, it's a long climb up 4 flights of stairs, but it got easier as the week progressed and helped us work off the generous (free) breakfasts of muffins, bagels, pastries, fruit, cereal, cheese, yoghurt, juice, tea and coffee (no we didn't eat everything!). The extra touches include free wifi, 2 computers with internet access and printer (also free) and the excellent daily newsletter with suggestions of things to do. The inn is in a great location, less than half a block from the subway station which has the A,C,E and L lines, enabling you to travel north/south or cross town. There are plenty of good places to eat within walking distance, including the Chelsea Market, which is certainly worth a look. However, the absolute best thing about the inn is the staff and owners and in particular Jay and Al. Al is a real comedian and should have his own show. He was funny, interesting and above all helpful. We felt very at home and were made to feel really welcome. We were sorry when our week came to an end and will certainly stay here on our next trip to the city.	
Apr 24 2009 	Still the best place to stay in New York for location character and service and value!	I last reviewed Chelsea Pines 18 months ago after a great stay. I have been back 3 times since, the latest earlier this month, and would not consider anywhere else in New York. Location is ideal, welcome is warm, rooms are character-full and clean and service is attentive. These high standards have been consistent for every visit and staying here adds a great deal to my enjoyment of my trips to New York.	
Apr 17 2009 	Claustrophobic rooms	I was expecting a lot more based on the hotel's website. The room was pathetically small and cramped, and not exactly a great deal. I think the owners have obviously made an effort to add some charm to the place, but overall I would rather spend a little bit more money to not feel so cramped--with a queen bed, there was maybe two feet of space on either side of the bed. It felt like a narrow closet. The bed was not very comfortable despite the website proclaiming that it had been redcorated, or perhaps they missed our room&gt; It is definitely in a great location and if you're just going out all night or are 20 years old, you might not mind, but don't expect a comfortable B and B. Splurge a bit and you'll be happier.	
Apr 16 2009 	Perfect place for NYC explorers	Me and my wife stayed at Chelsea Pines Inn for a week exploring the NYC. This hotel is probably the best bang for the buck there is in NYC. Great location, excellent staff, small but cosy rooms, service is top notch, great free breakfast, two free computers with i-net, and a nice plump cat :) . Hotel staff helped us with everything from directions to booking tickets for the phantom of the opera on Broadway. All positive but of course there are some minor cons such as small rooms, noisy pipes from time to time and you can hear the neighbors quite well, but really these tiny cons are NOT a deal breaker! Rent a room here if visiting NYC! Thank you Chelsea Pines Inn for a lovely stay!	
Apr 16 2009 	Our stay in this hotel was extremely fantastic	Specially the location (Chelsea, Meatpacking District and Greenwich Village on walking distance). And the subway in 14th with 8th Ave. The room was really comfortable and being a single for two was more than enough. Some other great things: the Daily News, a sheet of paper with proposals for the day and the breakfast, incredible (specially the onion's bagels and the cookies)The only thing to comment: no lift. The 5th floor is so high specially if you do long trips walking in the city.	
Mar 22 2009 	Location location location	Our round the world trip brought us to NYC and the Chelsea Pines Inn. We booked after seeing it in the gay listings. All the rooms are named after movie stars and there are film posters everywhere. Very individual. Helpful staff including very cute guy on reception! Our room was on the 5th floor, we had four heavy bags and with no lift we got super fit! Hotel has a slightly rough around the edges feel which makes it really quite charming, Rooms immaculately clean, comfortable bed, free wifi, aircon, nice complimentary bathroom products, breakfast rather sparse but fine. Don't expect to eat healthily - bagels, cream cheese, peanut butter, muffins, doughnuts, and they could invest in a good coffee machine really which would make a big difference, Something really good is their morning newsletter pushed under the door with ideas of things to do and what's ons. It alerted us to a fantastic evening of music at a jazz theatre overlooking Central Park. Hotel a great price for NYC and it's perfectly located - right on the border of Chelsea and West Village. Lots of lovely cafes and restaurants nearby and gay nightlife close by too. We had a lovely stay.	
Mar 20 2009 	Love this place!	I can't say enough positive things about the Chelsea Pines Inn. I've stayed there twice, and won't stay anywhere else in NYC if I can help it. The rooms are elegant, comfortable and immaculate, and the staff is stellar - so helpful and very friendly. As a woman traveling solo, it's nice to feel like the people at your hotel are keeping an eye on you and your well-being. And you can't beat the location.	
Feb 25 2009 	Ticks all the NYC boxes	Stayed here recently for a few days with my wife and could not have picked a better location.Hotel is clean and welcoming (as are the staff !!!) and you really feel that they are going the extra mile to make your stay enjoyable. After a hard travelling around the city it is nice to come back to people welcoming you back by your first names.Location is superb with the subway so close that anywhere in Manhattan is 10 to 30 minutes away, and JFK Airport is within an hour on the Subway..The fact that CPI is on the crossroads of 4 areas is good in that you can socialise expensively or as inexpensively as you choose. From high-end Restaurants to proper Drinkers bars are all within 10 minutes walk. The lovely deli Balducci's on the corner is a good point also.To summarise if you want a quiet and friendly location that gives you quick and easy access to all that NYC has to offer, i defy you to find better value than the Chelsea Pines Inn,.	
Feb 24 2009 	Wonderful place to stay	My friend recommended CPI for our first visit to NY. And I recommend (or will) to everyone else. The inn was perfect, went beyond our expectations. 1. Service: from the very beginning the front desk was courteous, professional, and very &quot;welcoming&quot;. Checked us in, recommended restaurants, places of interest, and how to get around town. Jay (I believe he is one of the owners) even wrote out the directions for us (no other Hotel, and we've stayed in many coming from Vegas have NEVER had anyone provide this level of service). There should be an additional star(s) for rating.2. Room: Clean, well furnished, absolutely splendid. Each room has a classic movie-star theme; I smiled, my girlfriend just went &quot;sooooo cute.&quot; Fresh towels when needed (and none of that cheap thin-rough kind). Bed was comfortable - even had an ipod station where we plugged in to listen to some tunes. Very modern, yet homey. Great lighting system (can dim to your preference). Awesome.3. Downstairs: Kitchen - clean, comfortable, and fresh bagels/muffins/orange juice in the mornings. There's a backyard for outdoor sitting, to bad it was too cold to enjoy it.4. Price: very reasonable. affordable. My friends came by to take a look at the place, and stated: &quot;Dude, you can't get a room like this anywhere in NY for the price you paid.&quot; *plus - we stayed the weekend.5. Accessibility: near the subway - just up the street.6. Location: We saw Manhattan and in all its glory. Chelsea Market right around the corner - very cool place to hang and get some great eats. Fun walk around the city. We went to union square, empire state, times square, and up to central park to check out the MET (learned a NY lingo). Basically, places of interest are very accessible from Chelsea Pines. **review was written by a third party - no gimmick - I have no affiliation whatsoever with CPI - this was an independent inquiry.	
Feb 17 2009 	Film Nostalgia in Chelsea	I've been to the Chelsea Pines twice in the past year, once in December 2008 with my wife and once in February 2009 on my own, and had wonderful stays both times. The inn is a great location in Chelsea, a half block from the subway and walking distance from restaurants, nightlife, etc. Each of the rooms are named after a star or starlet of the silver screen (I've been in the Tony Curtis and Jeff Chandler rooms) and feature a set of vintage posters advertising their films. To top it off, the staff is amazingly helpful and friendly. With the rooms being reasonably priced for NYC, where can you go wrong?	
Feb 17 2009 	Best place to stay in NYC	Don't waste your time searching hours for a good quality hotel because Chelsea Pines Inn will cater for your needs. For the past 10 years that I have been traveling to New York I have continuously had the pleasure of staying at Chelsea Pines Inn. I could if I wish stay at any hotel in NYC but I like to call Chelsea Pines Inn my home from home. The basics are all covered, a clean hotel, quality furnishings, rooms are of a pleasant size with facilities such as Satellite TV, a multitude of TV channels and WiFi. Let's not forget how each room is themed on famous Hollywood names, each stylishly accessorized with original film posters depicting the star in question. Each morning a wonderful selection of muffins and other breakfast delicacies greet you including tea and coffee. The staff at Chelsea Pines Inn are fantastic, no task is too great, they are always on hand to help. The extra touches also go a long way such as a morning newsletter providing information on local events and attractions including a heads up on the weather. Luxury toiletries in the bathrooms, quality linens provided along with extra bedding if needed, some rooms equipped with a separate kitchen / seating area whilst each room in the hotel is tastefully decorated. For any visitor to New York a stay at the Chelsea Pines Inn should certainly be considered. The hotel is situated within walking distance of many attractions including SoHo, Greenwich Village, Meatpacking District and the Hudson River Park which is great for jogging enthusiasts like myself or just chilling and watching the world go by. Jay the owner alongside with Al, Rich the staff will certainly help you get the best out of your trip to NYC whilst providing you with good value, quality accommodation whom, if you are like me, will consider calling Chelsea Pines your 'second home'.Sammual James - McLoughlin	
Jan 21 2009 	Love this Place - Definitely will come Back	I loved this place - It was our first trip to New York, and we heard alot of mixed reviews about some of the hotels in New York.Found the Chelsea Pines inn on tripAdvisor, and I am happy to say it's a Great place to stay. We stayed in the &quot;Jeff Chandler&quot; room. Room was quite compact but really cool and well laid out and had everthing we needed, definitely added to the enjoyment of our trip. Staff are really friendly and Helpful, place is really clean... And the free buffet Breakfast is delish and a nice little perk.Really nice location, Quiet and quite central - Subway on the corner..... For when you get lazy. Love the cookies and coffee all day, another nice little perk..... Definitely will be staying here again when we are going back to New York this October.	
Jan 17 2009 	'this is the best	The best place to stay in New York City. You don't have to look any further, this is where you want to be. Great neighbourhood, quiet garden, clean, wonderfully decorated old and new combined and best of all, the friendliest people I ever met in New York. Helpful, gracious and kind they do all they can to make you feel at home and comfortable. I came to NYC this time to accompany my daughter ... she started an international fashion course in NYC in january. Jay helped as so much to find our way, I was moved. So, I will be back with my husband, my other daughter, my friends ... As for me, I will never stay anywhere else in NYC in my life. This is a gem.	
Jan 16 2009 	Wonderful value for money!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Chelsea Pines Inn the week before Christmas and we had a wonderful time! The atmosphere is very homey, complete with a friendly, cuddly cat. The staff were superb. We got a lot of help with directions and travel information, in addition to some very helpful recommendations for things to see and do. We would never have known to go to Top of the Rock instead of the Empire State Building for great panoramic views! And the pizza place they recommended was perfect. I have seen other reviewers complain that the rooms are small but look guys, this is New York and no room is going to be that big on an average person's budget. (Though the room we were in was big enough, I thought. Who needs a big room when the city is where we all want to be, anyway?) I think Chelsea Pines Inn makes up for that inevitability with little touches, like a fresh and varied breakfast menu, a daily print out of events and weather information delivered to your room, lovely, whimsical decor, and a general ambience of goodwill and hospitality. We will certainly be returning on our next trip to NYC! I've already recommended it to friends.	
Jan 12 2009 	Loved The Fresh Bagels at the Chelsea Pines	My wife and I recently stayed at the Chelsea Pines Inn and found it to be a great experience. The location is great for subway travel as well as walking to area locations. The staff was top notch and Charlie the cat added to the pleasant atmosphere. The continental breakfast which consisted of coffee, juice, fresh bagels and lox (just to name a few items) was superb and exceeded our expectations.	
Jan 6 2009 	Giving thanks for Chelsea Pines Inn!	It was thanksgiving eve, my boyfriend and I were desperately looking for a place to stay for we had arrived in Manhattan and were victims of a scam concerning an apt. we had booked over the internet still back in Portugal!!!!New to the city, and with little hope.... a special vibe from the other side of the road caught our attention, it said: Chelsea Pines Inn.We went inside, we told our story and we were very kindly received at Chelsea! Not only we found a fantastic place in terms of neighborhood but also in terms of comfort and sympathy! We gave thanks to Chelsea Pines Inn and the great people working there! The scam ended having benefits!	
Jan 6 2009 	Great stay for our Honeymoon	We found Chelsea Pines on the recommendation of Pauline Frommer's NYC See More, Spend Less guide. We were beyond pleased with our choice! The location is great - just half a block from the subway station at 14th St &amp; 8th Ave. We took the subway everywhere we went, so this was a huge plus. The accomodations were kept very clean, and the room we had for most of our stay (a superior deluxe) was quite spacious. We moved to a superior standard for our last night, and even it was a pretty decent size. Both rooms had a mini-fridge, a flat screen TV, and an iPod dock on the alarm clock. Very nice! The staff was very friendly and always ready to help. And the breakfast was quite good. We ate it every day of our trip except for one. The homemade bread each morning was a special treat. I can't say enough great things about Chelsea Pines Inn - we scored a home run on this choice, and I wouldn't think of staying anywhere else in NYC. The price was an amazing value as well. Highly recommended!	
Dec 30 2008 	Really loved this hotel during our Christmas visit to NYC	We recently stayed at this hotel and had a really great time. It is very conveniently situated and great value for money. I visit New York quite a bit and will from now on stay here!Well recommended.	
Dec 19 2008	great location at good price	My first stay in this hotel was 4 years ago and I was nicely surprised by the recent makeover : good job!The staff was very helpful and friendly, the room was good size, with a nice and modern bathroom, the complementary breakfast was much better than average and the price for Manhattan ( Chelsea/ Meatpackers ) is a bargain .	
Dec 15 2008 	Very nice place to stay during visit to NYC	Very nice,charming and well-located hotel in NYC. Rooms are very nice,clean and small (but as Manhattan hotels average). Staff is correct,helpfulf and location is really great in a nice neighbourhood (safe to go out at night and very close to underground station). It is gay friendly hotel,but as we were hetero couple no problems during our stay it is open for everyone.Rooms are very original and berakfast (complete one) is included.	
Dec 3 2008 	Great Location Wonderful bed!	Arrived on a friday evening to the Chelsea Pines Inn. At first we, my partner and I, were a little put off by the receptionist welcome, wich was a little cold. The room however was very nice. We only booked a standard room, wich was located on the 4th floor (wich is really the 3rd floor for us Europeans, so that was a nice surprise). The bed was super high and comfortable. Bathroom looked newly appointed and there was enough storage for clothes and such. The room even had a decently sized fridge. We stayed in the Jean Simmons room wich was located on the front side of the building. Although being located on a busy street we didn't have any problems with noise coming from the traffic. the room was cleaned daily and we got a change to have breakfast on saturday. The breakfast was really good, salmon, creamcheese, fresh bagels and all kinds of breads. The only thing we didn't like about breakfast was that the breakfast area did not seem to be heated. it was very cold! All the guys working there are friendly, but not overly so. So if you expect the over the top fake &quot;hi how are you, you look so nice&quot;etc. etc. this is not your place. The people are friendly but real! Great!The Inn is in a really really good location! Close to a main subwaystop and on the edge of Chelsea, Meetpaking District and The Village. You are right smack in the middle of all the action, wich was great as we liked to explore NY's nightlife.All in all we had a really nice stay here and were feeling a bit sorry when we left. We will surely return to the Chelsea Pines Inn next time we are in NY.	
Nov 10 2008	Good location	For ease of getting around NYC Chelsea Pines Inn is in a great location, there are a number of subway lines servicing different parts of Manhattan. Overall though we can't help being disappointed in the overall experience. Our room on the second floor was excessively small (even by NYC standards), and with nowhere to store suitcases that left little room to move. I read previously that they had been refurbished but I think this room must have missed out. The room was stuffy and drab, and the hot water in the shower unreliable. Being right on W14th Street also means garbage trucks and sirens 24/7. The staff were functional but not overly friendly (not even a token offer to help carry a bag upstairs?), which we found odd having stayed at other much friendlier g&amp;l accommodations. For US$239 per night if you look hard enough there are nicer places to stay in the area for the same money.	
Nov 3 2008 	Adorable Inn and a Great Location	The Chelsea Pines Inn is adorable, has a great location for walking or hopping the subway, and is very reasonably priced. Rooms are on the small side, but the sheets and towels are great. The staff is super!	
Oct 24 2008 	Perfect hotel in the perfect location	My husband and I spent three nights at the Chelsea PInes Inn, on a long weekend break to New York - we loved it and heartily recommend it. The location is perfect if you want to be in walking distance of all the major sights of Manhattan, but away from the tourist rabble and high rise madness of midtown. The location between the Chelsea neighbourhood above, the Meatpacking district next door, and Greenwich Village just below is great for strolling to lovely restaurants and bars in the evening and experiencing a bit more of 'local life'.We stayed in 'Albert Finney' room which was located on the ground floor, so no stairs, and right by the complimentary hot drinks and cookies available all day until 11pm - perfect as I am six months pregnant! The room was spacious, the bed super comfy, and the bathroom well equipped, clean and stylish. We loved our visits from Charlie Chaplin, the resident cat.The staff are what really make the hotel special for New York - nothing was too much trouble, and they were really friendly without being at all intrusive - they struck the right balance. Each morning you get 'Chelsea Morning' delivered under your door which is a selection of suggestions of what's on that day in the city - a nice touch to peruse as you're enjoying the yummy complimentary breakfast including home made bread and the world's largest bagels. We'll be back!	
Oct 23 2008	Great Stay	Great hotel, very nice room, good breakfast. Great service and a fantastic connection to the public transportation. We will stay at this hotel all the times we travel to New York in the future. Peter and Kiki	
Oct 23 2008 	What a gem!	A friend at the Times suggested two places; my wife and I opted for Chelsea after checking their websites and some other reviews. The owner and staff were fantastic! Given our length of stay (10 d); our request for 'quiet'; and our ages (60s), we were assigned the Doris Day room, and survived a hike up a couple of flights of stairs to a quiet, clean, and commodious (by NY stds) room. Need tickets? No problem! They found excellent seats for Miller's 'All my sons' and 'Spring Awakening' at half price; suggested excellent restaurants nearby; always responded to our requests. The breakfast repast was always very good, including lox and cheese on a couple of days. All in all, we would not hesitate to recommend this spot to others, or stay there again. Great location, great digs, great people. Oh, and a bit of a warning. This place is not perfect, but then, there's always the Waldorf! Personally, we prefer the Chelsea.	
Oct 20 2008	In a league of its own	I booked this hotel solely on the basis of reviews read here. We stayed at the Chelsea Pines Inn for 6 nights in late Sept./early October. We are two couples in our fifties. We had rooms on the second floor with bathroom. The staff were either very helpful and friendly OR just did their job efficiently, which was great. I expected small rooms (this not being my first time in NYC) but they were a bit smaller than expected. Beds, linens, towels, hot water, breakfast all good. We were very happy. Location was great. Particularly enjoyed the very warm weather and eating breakfast in the courtyard behind the dining area. I would like to make one suggestion to the owners: Due to your very small rooms ( I think ours was superior standard - Susan Hayward) and very high ceilings, perhaps you could give some thought to adding a couple of hooks in each room and/or putting up a shelf to take advantage of the vertical space you have. Due of the small amount of floor space it was difficult to keep the floor clear of clutter. I would recommend this hotel to others and would return again. Thanks for a great stay in NYC.Susan Deevy	
Oct 18 2008 	Excellent location and helpful staff!	Excellent location and helpful staff! Chelsea Pines is a great place to rest your head during you New York visit. Located 3 stops from Time Square, walking distance to the Meat Packing district and Greenwich Village. Very central, great for tourists. The staff is also very friendly and kind, helping us make the most of our visit. They offered excellent dining recommendations and assisted with all of our &quot;tourist&quot; needs. The owner is a gem! :)	
Oct 16 2008 	Home away from home	If you like spending time in Chelsea, the Village and the Meat Packing District, this is your best choice. Great price and the friendliest staff in town...and an adorable house cat. Very nice selection for the complimentary breakfast. The rooms are small and you'll need to climb stairs, but if you are up for that, look no further. We'll be back soon!	
Oct 1 2008 	Good location nice staff but overall disappointing	the hotel is in a great location and the staff were very nice. however, i couldn't help but be a little bit disappinted by the whole experience. i think some rooms have been refurbished (the reception definitely looks nice and new), but ours certainly wasn't. we stayed in the lesley caron room on the top floor and while it was okay, it was just that, okay. while the room was reasonably clean, the decor is a bit old and drab (especially the sink area - the mini fridge was ancient! we had to unplug it complained so much!). the shower kept going from hot to cold, the air conditioning made a clunking noise that made a good night's sleep impossible (and if you open the window you get lots of traffic noise form 14th street, plus mosquitos). our room wasn't cleanred one day at all. so all in all it was ok and since prices in NY are so crazy probably good value for money (even though it's not cheap at all), but we won't stay here again.	
Sep 23 2008 	RECOMMENDED !!!!	Tripadvisor member Antwerp/BelgiumWe enjoyed our stay in this hotel very much!!The location is just exelent with the subways nearbye .We will book in this hotel again but probably ask for a room not higher than the third floor, due to lack of an alivator.The room and the bathroom is clean and the bed comfortable.The staff is very friendly and will not hesitate to help you to book an event or explaine how to get somewhere .And...... they serve breakfast !!!	
Sep 23 2008 	Plesant friendly comfortable	Chelsea Pines Inn is a small hotel with a few limitations because of its size and the age of the building.  First the one con: No elevator.Now the pros: You get a considerable discount for staying on one of the upper floors.The staff is among the most helpful and friendly at any hotel I have stayed at in NYC. They try to accommodate every request, will reserve restaurants for you, book theater tickets and find discounts if any are available, and finally book a cab to get you back to the airport when you leave. And you won’t want to leave, they really make your stay special, and their assistance in getting around the city and finding things to do is pricelessThe rooms are well appointed, but a bit small, as to be expected at an older NYC hotel. All the rooms are non-smoking rooms, but there is a small outside area where you can smoke. Our room was cleaned daily and was always fresh. Apparently each one is named after a movie star, and ours was decorated with posters featuring that star. I believe that the posters are originals, not copies.Breakfast was self-serve continental with breads, pastries, cereals, juice, coffee, tea, etc. Unlike some places they kept it open until around 11AM, which was great as we were out late every day and got up late. Coffee was available all the time.While not cheap by most standards, the price was much less than any other place we looked at in the area, so I guess it was a “bargain” but, boy, are hotel rooms pricy in NYC. We will definitely stay here for our next visit to New York.	
Sep 23 2008 	Fantastic find in New York !!	I thought I would let you all know that there is a wonderful hotel in New York in the fashionable Chelsea area of the Meat Packing District. The staff are brilliant (especially Shaun, Daniel and Al) and were always so helpful and polite. The hotel itself was spotlessly clean and recently refurbished to a lovely standard. We had a great time in New York and they made that stay even better, nothing was too much trouble. In the past this hotel has been predominantly known for it's high percentage of gay guests and while they still do have some gay paying guests they have all other types of couples too, myself and my Husband was there with my In laws and their were varied types of couples staying and of all ages, so please do not stereotype your thinking because you will be missing out on a great place to stay when in New York.Keep it up guys - this is what hotels are supposed to be like .....	
Sep 8 2008 	Great location not so great hotel	We stayed here in August 2008, and we loved the location. The hotel is just near a subway station and a few minutes walk away from the West Village, wich we LOVED. There are some great restaurants and shops in the area. But the hotel itself couldn't live up to our expectations. The owner, Jay, was really nice and helpfull but all of the other staff seemed bored, weren't really helpfull and didn't have humor AT ALL. Also, there was only cold water coming out of the shower in the mornings. Because of that, they gave us our last night free of charge, that was really nice. The rooms weren't always cleaned and sometimes there was an ackward smell in the small room. All in all, it was an OK hotel, on a great location. If we could come to NY again, I think we would go to another hotel.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great location!	Hotel is in a very good location - away from all the tourist traps. Close to Union Square and the Meat Packing District and Balducci's is right around the corner (excellent meat deli there by the way). The rooms are okay - nothing special and not always the cleanest either (in our experience). There were days when the toilet wasn't cleaned and I don't think they even look under the bed (so maybe you shouldn't either). The breakfast area is a nice touch (especially the courtyard at back) and most of the staff are pretty friendly. Not sure if I'd stay here again, maybe for one or two nights max. Not terrible but nothing too special either.	
Aug 19 2008 	Chelsea Pines made our stay	Chelsea Pines was amazing. The rooms were fun, spacious enough for two and the staff was very accommodating. The continental breakfast was great each day, they offered a plethora of food/drinks which included fresh fruit, bagels, donuts, cereal, juices, hot tea, coffee. Charlie, the resident feline, was an absolute sweetheart and a bit of a ham. Great value, clean rooms, fantastic Manhattan location (subway right on the corner.....another subway with a lot of other lines at union square was only a few blocks down 14th). It's really hard for me to sum how impressed we were in words. Staying at Chelsea Pines really did make our trip. I will say right now that the Inn is not suitable for all types! There are a lot of stairs if you have a top floor room and there is no elevator/lift. This was not a problem for me but if you do not like stairs or cannot easily get up stairs on your own, this may not be the place for you. As for the man with the newborn, a stay here may have been do-able for your family but it certainly would have been difficult. I'm sure the staff was trying to inform you of that before you came to stay. They were MORE than helpful if I ever had a question (or needed a roll of toilet paper!).	
Aug 17 2008 	Great place to stay in NYC	A cosy, comfortable and clean litle hotel with a great location close to wherever you want to go as a tourist. Me and my three friends stayed for four nights and where very pleased with everything; the rooms were clean, the service was great, breakfast was good. I have recommended Chelsea Pines Inn too all my friends going to NYC and I will definately stay there myself next time i go!	
Aug 12 2008 	Great hotel worthy of its rating on here	I chose the Chelsea Pines Inn for the New York leg of my honeymoon trip after reading such good reviews of it on Trip Advisor. We stayed for four nights, and I was really pleased with the choice that I made.We stayed in the Lee Remick room, which was clean and very comfortable, and like all the rooms at the hotel had cool movie posters for decoration. It was on the fourth floor with a nice view of the street; as other reviewers have mentioned, there is no lift at this hotel, so there were quite a lot of stairs to climb, but I was aware of that in advance so it was fine. The street wasn't particularly noisy, and as we were up quite high we were never bothered by the traffic.It was very hot and humid in the city during our stay, but the air conditioning worked very well and so it was very pleasant in our room. Breakfast was nice, kind of American/continental with a range of muffins and bagels, breads, cereals, etc. You could also get tea, coffee, ice and cookies from the breakfast area at any time during the day, which meant you didn't miss having tea-making facilities in your room.The hotel was very quiet, I don't think they encourage children there, which suited us very well. I heard no noise from any other rooms, or even from people passing in the corridor.The staff were lovely and very helpful. We had no problems at all with arriving late (about 9pm), and they were able to give us lots of useful information on where to go and what to do in the city.My only criticism would be that our room often wasn't made up until about 4pm, which meant when we came back in the afternoon we sometimes had to wait while they finished it. This wasn't really a problem, and might have been because they start on the lower floors and work up. We never had to wait more than about 15 minutes anyway, so by the time we'd got a drink downstairs it was fine.The location is good as it is close to a subway station, and if you don't mind walking you can get to Times Square in about half an hour. There are lots of restaurants nearby, and the gay bars of Chelsea and the West Village are within easy walking distance.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel, and if I came back to New York would definitely try to book here again. It really does deserve all the good reviews it's had on here.Thank you Chelsea Pines!	
Aug 3 2008 	Its great	I stayed at the chelsea pines for one week with my best mate, we are from england!The general areas of the hotel are exremely clean and fresh, the breakfast was good - self service in kitchen to the rear of the property.We stayed in a budget room, and each room is based upon a theatre show I think.......our room had a big yellow stripe thing accross the wall from memory, Yellow brick road??.The staff were very polite and really helpful. We spoke at length to one of them (blonde, 40's, skinny) and he was always answering our questions.Its location is good, a 20 minute walk into town, and the hotel are always happy to book your taxi's for airport runs etc.Would recommend it no problem	
Jul 18 2008 	Chelsea Pines Inn is a great little hotel with a fantastic location	We stayed for a week last June. The hotel is truly wonderful, great rooms decorated with a movie theme (every room a different moviestar, very funny). The rooms are large for NY. Our room was on the backside and it was absolutely QUIET, really great.One of the best things about the hotel is its location... First of all, it is on the edge of Chelsea and West Village, close to the hip Meatpacking district (there's even an Apple Store on the corner!), so there's plenty to do and see, and even more to eat... But equally important, it is literally 2 minutes from a subway station that has lines both going north-south but also east-west, which means that it becomes really easy to go anywhere in Manhattan really quick. Jay Lesiger, the owner and a very nice man, gave us the great suggestion to get a 1-week metro card for $25... Outstanding value. And Jay will prove to be a great help in pointing out things to do, see and eat in the area and the city. I truly recommend the Chelsea Pines Hotel for anyone who would like something else than a Times Square Large Impersonal Hotel Chain Hotel.Mike from Belgium	
Jul 17 2008	No CHILDREN Wanted	I was planning a stay in New York with my wife and newborn baby. I read the wonderful reviews at the reasonably prices hotel. However, when I called I was told the hotel &quot;was not suitable&quot; for children or infants under 16 years old. I did not quite understand so I asked and was told that the &quot;hallways were not very wide, the bathrooms were small, and the building did not have an elevator.&quot; WOW, I did not know that newborns needed these amenities. ONLY IN NYC!	
Jun 26 2008 	Gem in NYC!	We just returned from an overnight at The Chelsea Pines in in NYC. We were attending a concert at the Hiro Ballroom in The Maritime Hotel, and couldn't afford a room there. So we started doing some research to find something more reasonable. We came across CPI from a map-quest search for hotels close to the concert venue. The Hotel was spotless, very tasteful, exceptionally welcoming (a plus for us, since we don't know NYC very well, and felt a little overwhelmed). Each room has a movie star theme. But it's nothing gaudy or tacky. In our room (we stayed in Room 135, the Tony Curtis room) there was a Tony Curtis gold star on the door, and it was decorated with very cool, framed movie posters from his films. The bed was very comfy, the AC worked perfectly, the towels were heavenly, the toiletries were exceptional, the room was clean and comfortable, there was a safe and a fridge, very nice TV with cable, and free wi-fi access. Some rooms (the Economy rooms) share a toilet but have privates showers. Our room was a Deluxe Superior, and had a complete private bathroom. Your stay includes a great continental breakfast in a cute kitchen area, and you have access to coffee, tea, cookies, etc at all hours. Also, there is a cute veranda for outdoor seating. I should mention that while NYC is obviously noisy, the CPI was totally quiet from the moment we walked in the front door. I don't know if it's a noise-proof door, or what, but we were very impressed. Our room was equally quiet, although we were aware of people using the hallway toilets during the night. The CPI is also easy walking distance to lots of great restaurants, bars, and shops. We were disappointed we only had one night there!The Chelsea Pines Inn is a gay hotel, although they welcome all orientations. My husband and I (obviously not gay) felt completely comfortable and welcomed by everyone we encountered. We will absolutely stay at The Chelsea Pines Inn again when we make it back to NYC!	
Jun 23 2008 	Absolutely amazing!!!!	What a fantastic little hotel! The staff were very friendly - you might be mistaken to think you were somewhere else but New York! The room was spacious and clean. The breakfast was good and the all day coffee and cookies was a nice treat. The subway is also very close to the hotel. I stayed here for four nights that seemed to go by so quickly. I will definitely be back here again soon!	
Jun 19 2008 	great stay	Ideal location, very very close to subway station, breakfast provided for free, room very small but doable for a few nights, and to be expected from new york. Staff very friendly and helpful.	
Jun 18 2008	It was GREAT!	NYC - thought I'd hate it. Went with my wife for a gallery opening.surprisingly, the city was good. The hotel was great. very accommating, helpful, close to subway + galleries+ good restrauants, etc.When we go back, we'll stay here again.	
Jun 18 2008 	What a delight!	We stayed nine nights at Chelsea Pines, so we had ample opportunity to experience the many facets of hotel life. The quiet, pleasant, respectful atmosphere of the hotel made it a nice place to &quot;come home to.&quot; With excellent access to all lines on the subway, Broadway and the Financial District are no more than 15 minutes away. Two blocks away on 9th Ave. are many of the hottest night spots in the city, but Chelsea Pines remains a calm amidst the storm. We loved the neighborhood away from the roaring madness of Times Square, but with easy access if we chose to go there. I can't say that I loved climbing two flights of stairs, but it was good for me, and having Charlie the Cat greet us during most trips made the climb a little more effortless. The staff offered help with luggage, so that was not a problem. The movie theme of each room is playful and adds to the ambience. The rooms were spotless each day, and the staff was quick to offer help with any needs.	
Jun 17 2008 	Good location; value	To give some frame of reference for my review: When my wife and I travel (especially in Europe) we tend to stay in small hotels and pensions independently owned and without most amenities. That is the type of establishment to expect with the Chelsea Pines Inn. It is run by a friendly staff that happily held our bags while we explored the city and immediately addressed any small concerns that arose. The hotel is located in Chelsea less than a block from a subway station (A, C, E and L lines) and within an easy walk to Greenwich Village and Soho. The breakfast mainly consisted of breads, bagels and the like with coffee milk and juice but the all-day cookie jars as well as a welcome candy dish added a nice touch of hospitality. Before I go any further I should mention that we stayed in their least expensive room on the 5th floor. That is important for two reasons: One, the hotel has no elevator. After a day of walking the steps are not nearly as welcome as the candy dish. Second, as we walked past rooms being cleaned many looked cleaner, larger and more well kept than ours. That being said it does seem fair to judge a hotel based on the accommodations they offer and ours were slightly below average in terms of cleanliness, decor and comfort for this type of hotel when compared to other cities (this was my first time at this type of hotel within the City so I have no direct comparison). The lobby and the convention of naming rooms after old Hollywood stars implies a hip atmosphere that got nowhere near our room. Institutional green walls and an old flat-pack cabinet were the interior decorating. But again, we didn't have to spend much money, the place felt safe, the staff was friendly and we didn't vacation in New York to hang out in our hotel room. When all is said and done it did the job as well as was needed.	
Jun 9 2008 	Home away from home at the Chelsea Pines Inn	The Chelsea Pines Inn, wonderfully located on West 14th St in NYC, has got all the details right. The staff are personable and friendly, yet there is a sense of valued privacy for all. The rooms have movie star themes (for instance, I was in the Kim Novack room), complete with movie posters and a star on the door. Towells are thick, beds are very comfortable, the lighting is flatteringly adjustable, and the vintage of the building allows great audial privacy (thick walls and floors). In other hotels, I can often hear my neighbors sneeze, shower, etc.It is a walk up (no lift), so do be prepared to schlep your bags up the stairs. Coffee and freshly baked breads are offered each morning. An amusing and informative news sheet (Chelsea Morning News) is slipped under your door each dawn with all the current details of importance: weather, local eating/drinking/gathering establishments, events in the city. I found this daily missive a very thoughtful touch.The location is ideal: close to subways, easy walking distance to Chelsea, Greenwich Village, Chelsea Piers. There is even a movie star cat, Charlie Chaplin (in black and white only)!	
May 31 2008 	Great stay!	We loved our stay in the Chelsea Pines Inn. It is in a convenient part of town (on 14th Street between 8th and 9th Aves) within walking distance of Soho, Greenwich Village etc and very close to a subway stop. The hotel itself is clean and our room (the Ann-Margret room) had everything we needed: safe, ironing board, aircon, ipod charger etc. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the complimentary breakfast was a bonus. The only downside was the staircase - be prepared to trudge up the stairs with your luggage unless you request &amp; pay more for a lower floor! Overall though we had a great stay for the price, and would stop here again.	
May 28 2008 	Perfect Value Perfect Place	This place is amazing. We just stayed in the Tony Curtis room. It had a bathroom and was very clean and wonderful. The directions to and from the Inn were helpful and it's centrally located and easy to get to. I found all the staff friendly and helpful. We had a lot of great recommendations for restaurants and things to do. The continental breakfast was a life-saver and very hearty and good. The rooms are small, but we didn't mind that. They were really clean, however, and there was air conditioning that worked well along with big windows that opened. Our room was on the 2nd floor in the back and really perfect. We had a view of the garden and it was quiet and really wonderful. We were sad to come home! We'll definately return again.	
May 9 2008 	Lovely Hotel in the Heart of The City	This hotel is such good value and much better than the traditional tourist hotels. The location is excellent and you actually feel that you are staying in the real NY. The rooms were spotless and very comfortable and the staff were very friendly and helpful. One minor complaint was a lack of breakfast one morning but this is easily forgiven considering the selection every other day. I highly recommend this to anyone who wants to stay in a small comfortable hotel at a great value price.	
Apr 26 2008 	A Bargain at Twice the Price	CPI is my favorite inn in NYC. Everyone is welcome and the diversity of visitors having morning coffee in the breakfast room can be as interactive of an event as you want -- there's no forcing of dialogue as in some B&amp;Bs. Fresh pastry and bagels are brought in every morning and it's well attended to by staff; therefore there aren't crumbs, banana peels, and used mugs ever competing for space at a table. The owner, Jay, even makes fresh bread every morning.The staff is extremely kind, generous, and helpful and the rooms are elegant in their simplicity and clean clean clean. The neighborhood is full of restaurants and conveniences and the property is less than a block away from the subway. CPI is a wonderful place to call home in the city -- and upon returning from a day at work or touring, there are chocolates, cookies, and tea. There is no elevator, so if you have a lot of luggage, the staff will assist (or if you carry your own bags this can ameliorate any guilt after discovering those bottomless cookie and chocolate jars). I've stayed in almost every room in the inn, and each one is a retro treat with movie posters from ages past. Rooms facing the street have white noise machines, which block well most ambient noise. The guest rooms across from the bathrooms can be a bit noisy, though, but it is overall a very quiet inn that's personalized but not intrusive in its service.	
Apr 19 2008 	Excellent location good value neutral service	The location, at the confluence of two or three intriguing neighborhoods, spitting distance from subway stations...is ideal. It was even pretty quiet at night (our room did not face the street). The patrons were all grown-up well-behaved types, so no partying sounds. A local daycare lets the kids out to play at about 9AM -- it's a nice noise to wake up to.I think they may have remodeled recently, as I did not notice any of the shabbiness that previous reviewers mentioned. (My husband did say he thought it was a little rough around the edges, though.) Yes, when you enter the lobby there is a little mustiness -- I think there may be dryers on site that don't vent so well, though I'm not sure. But the upstairs rooms (climbing 5 flights a few times a day is not bad as long as you know what you're in for) were bone dry.There were great elements -- quality beds, excellent sheets. Mini-fridge without any of the usual expensive impulse snacks. Varied fare at the continental breakfast. Thoughtful listing of three events/locations of note, slipped by elves under the door each night.There were some lacks -- no hooks, towel racks, or phone books. Not a big deal, but those things would have made an extended stay a little easier for us. Small spaces, of course, so there was some creative bathroom fixture placement -- don't be too obese if you expect fit in certain important bathroom niches!The guys who cleaned the rooms were friendly and genuine. The guys who worked the desk were unfailingly polite, patient and helpful. In general, though, there was not a warm vibe. It was kind of like -- efficient waiters. Which some guests will be very happy with, certainly. But I see that at least one other previous reviewer noted there is little chatter between guests, or between guests and staff. Maybe this is just NYC, and I'm a closet Minnesotan? I think that the campy decor made me expect a little more...chatty, casual interaction, human warmth, give and take, laughter.One owner went out of his way to help us once. The other owner, well -- he made me feel as if I was in his way during his day at his hotel, a few times. Like I was in his living room.In general, I would describe the tenor of the service as reserved...or standoffish, depending on what you like for interaction during your vacation.It did bother me a little that no women seemed to work at the hotel. It was not an *exclusively* gay male clientele, so why the apparent lack of women employees?Definitely book a stay if you want a decent value at a great location, a seamless NYC stay. After all, who wants to spend much time in the hotel room in that city? I'd think twice if you are a single person travelling alone, wanting to make friendly connections with people. Go to Toronto :)	
Mar 24 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed here for a short break and I would highly recommend it. The complimentry brekkie in the morning is a nice touch and a great way to mingle with the other travellers.Its not as central as you would like if you are looking to be in the middle of it all. But it has an underground station just on the corner so your set for transport. The hotel itself is lovely the rooms are snug but clean. The guy on reception his name was Rickie Poe, hope I have the spelling right was a real character so friendly and was great for information, he really made our stay in the little jewel called Chelsea Pines well worth it.	
Mar 17 2008 	So pleased I stayed here	I stayed here for 3 nights in March &amp; booked this hotel after reading the positive reports on Trip. I was travelling alone &amp; had friends staying in a nearby hotel.I have asked permission of those named below to include them by name.I arrived after 7pm &amp; was warmly welcomed by Richard. Thank you. I was on the 2nd floor in the 'Troy Donahue' room which was facing the street. The room was clean &amp; quirky with huge posters. I had chosen a room with sink &amp; shower but without toilet. The loo was just along the corridor &amp; I never saw anyone else go in or out. It suited me fine.The bed was very large &amp; very comfy. The only slight drawback was that as the bed was so large it was near the far end wall &amp; I had to siddle past. Having said that it was great to have a big bed.The shower was efficient &amp; towels replaced daily as needed. The complimentary toiletries were most welcome.The breakfasts were good &amp; set me up for the day. There was a choice of orange juice, coffee, various teas, 2 types of cereal, fruit, muffins, doughnuts, bagels &amp; cookies. The plates were fab. All themed around filmstars &amp; movies. I'm a saddo &amp; I took photos of my plates each day having chosen different ones each morning.My friend arrived to collect me on the first morning &amp; I had asked Richard the night before if it would be ok if my friend had a coffee &amp; cookie with me, I would happily pay if he would added it to my bill. He said there was no need &amp; my friend would be welcome. What a warm gesture &amp; much appreciated.Each evening when I returned to the hotel Richard was on duty &amp; we had great chats. He was really helpful over all sorts of info I wanted to know. Thank you again.The other guests were quiet but we passed the time of day.On the last morning I went to reception to ask if I could check in for my flight. Ric (not Richard) was on duty, I hadn't met him before. Another total sweetie. He happily helped me to check in using his computer &amp; then printed off the confirmation sheet for me at no cost.I also met Jay, the owner, on my last morning, again another really warm helpful guy. When I was ready to leave, he helped me with my bags &amp; hailed a cab for me. Thank you.I really appreciated the warmth shown to me by Richard, Ric &amp; Jay. They made a good stay GREAT!I would return. The location was excellent with the subway at the end of the street, a minute walk away. All the cab drivers knew of the location which is a bonus.If you like a good location &amp; quirkiness then stay here. There was redecoration going on but every establishment has to maintain a property. It didn't interfer with my stay at all.	
Mar 17 2008 	would not again	I've stayed at a few gay hotels: Barcelona, Phoenix, San Francisco, and they all had more atmosphere than this one. If I had it to do over again, I would stay at one of the hotels in the area that lists itself as gay friendly. I feel as though I paid for the privilege of being in a gay-owned hotel -- like it was a tax.Granted, the guy at the desk upon arrival was very welcoming, even entertaining. I had the Rock Hudson room on the 5th floor. Didn't mind the climb but didn't much appreciate each day having to step over the vacuum cleaner stored right outside my door. And gazing at the extension ladder hung on the stairwell wall. I think, for the price, there are better places.As for it being a gay hotel, compared to the others where I've stayed, this one didn't have much gay atmosphere. Other than the 4 friends I traveled with (and we stayed there on the high recommendation of one of them), no one else seemed interested in engaging in any conversation or even acknowledgement.As in another review, the Rock Hudon room had a double bed up against the window and a single against the wall. I used the single as a suitcase rack but the double/single combination reminded me of some inexpensive family rooms one would find in London or other parts of Europe... a bit like a dorm room. In all fairness, no street noise though.My biggest complaint (we were there in hot, early September) was the the air con unit sump pump kicking on and off with a thud every 30 seconds or so, and, even when I turned my unit off, the unit for the next room over still clicked on and off noticeably all night long. Mentioning this to the front desk got absolutely no acknowledgement other than: Yeah, that's the air con unit. Others have mentioned it, too. Too much money for no atmosphere.	
Mar 13 2008 	Loved it!	What a sweet hotel! The staff were so helpful and friendly and we loved the bagel breakfast. Our room was spacious and funky - only problem was that the shower cubicle leaked a bit and made the room smell a bit damp. Otherwise we loved the area too and found it very convenient for Greenwich and other cool areas. Would deffo stay here again.	
Mar 7 2008 	Great Place	we were recommended the chelsea pines by two friends who are regular guests - it was really superb. Greta location for subway to all parts of NY as well as being close to the Village and Chelsea districts.The room was great - lots of space (we had a superior deluxe on 2nd floor) The staff were all friendly and the inclusive breakfast and all day coffee and cookies was a nice touch.Will definately return	
Feb 28 2008 	Would Return	My bf and i stayed in dec last year and was very happy with everything apart from Housekeeping as our Deluxe room was only cleaned twice in a week.The other problem was the noise if you stay on the ground floor,we had the Albert Finney room next to the Kitchen and the staff are very noisy at midnight banging plates and getting breakfast ready and then again each morning was noisy.The room was clean shabby chic. Bathroom was boiling all the time but clean and nice.Nice tvnice wardrobe but small and with all our shopping we soon packed the room full of all those bargains.Never had breakfast only the odd cookie and tea.we are returning again this dec 2008 as it was all in all pretty great.Staff were friendly.	
Feb 17 2008 	Brilliant!	We stayed for five nights in the Chelsea Pines Inn for our first trip to New York. We were given a warm welcome and love our 'Tony Curtis' themed bedroom. Facilities were clean, staff were very friendly and the breakfast was great. I would recommend this place to anyone! Reasonably priced for a great location and fantastic service!	
Jan 10 2008 	Great hotel great location lovely breakfast	I stayed here in Nov/Dec 2007 with a group of friends and my husband. We were in the Debbie Reynolds room on the 3rd floor. The room was warm, a fairly decent size (for NYC!), and the bathroom was really nice. Rooms were cleaned daily and you also got a newsletter giving ideas of things to do every day. The breakfasts were sensational: Huge muffins, bagels, cream cheese, smoked salmon, yogurts, tea/coffee, doughnuts - very delicious and filling. Tea/coffee and cookies were also available all day, which was nice when you came in from a long day's shopping. The guys who own the hotel were really friendly, and gave some great recommendations for restaurants in the area. A couple of the staff weren't so helpful, but on the whole I found them pretty good. The hotel's location is really great - right on the corner of 8th Av and 14th St - really handy for the subway and shopping. We had friends in a 3 person room on the 4th floor, which was also pretty nice, and a deluxe room on the 5th floor, which had a separate area with a table and a much bigger bedroom. The stairs were quite a challenge with the suitcases, but really not an issue - you need something to help you work off the breakfast every day!This was my second trip to NYC, and I think that value-for-money wise you really can't do much better than this place.	
Dec 26 2007 	A little rough round the edges but charming with it	My boyfriend and I had 4 nights in the Chelsea Pines at the end of a 2 1/2 month roadtrip round the US. Our dream had been to end the trip in style with a luxury stay in a trendy NY boutique hotel, but lack of funds and the mistake of arriving the day after Thanksgiving somewhat put paid to that. We had a lot of trouble even finding a hotel that had rooms for less than $300 a night but luckily the Chelsea Pines came to the rescue. We had 2 nights in an 'Economy' room on the 4th floor and then switched to a more expensive room on the 5th floor. The Economy room was adequate although pretty cramped and a little frayed around the edges. The worst thing was the shower curtain which looked as if it had been there, unwashed, for a good few years - in which time it had got pretty stained and mouldy at the bottom! The room decor was also a little random although we loved the film posters (a theme which is continued throughout the hotel). The skirting boards and the sides of cupboards all had metal checkerboard which is an unusual style of decor to say the least! The more luxurious room we had for the last two nights was great - much more spacious with a separate, tiled entrance area off of which was the bathroom, and much nicer decor and furnishings overall. Being on the 5th floor though it did take it out of us getting up and down those stairs.The communal areas of the inn did suffer slightly from being a little shabby and not quite as clean as you might expect - they had a bit of a musty smell which may have been down to the resident cat. However the breakfast area was very nice and as the other reviewers have said, a decent spread for brekkie, with great movie themed plates! Staff were on the whole friendly and helpful, especially the managers. One or two of the more junior staff were a little surly but we put it down to the early starts. Overall the whole atmosphere was very laid back and guests are left to their own devices.The fantastic location is the best thing of all about the inn, with a subway station practically next door, and Chelsea, Soho, the Village, Meatpacking district etc all short walks away. Some great thai restaurants up 8th Ave and great bars and pricier restaurants in the Meatpacking.Overall we had a pleasant time here and the friendliness and location made up for the slightly ramshackle nature of the place.	
Dec 21 2007 	Great location 	Stayed here for 5 nights in December. We stayed in the Rock Hudson room on the top (5th) floor, which was a bit of a slog even without luggage! It was one of the deluxe rooms, and I think the reason for this was the space really. It had a double &amp; a single bed, the typical quirky film-related decor as has been mentioned, a flat-screen TV and an ipod dock. There was also a fridge in the hallway which we didn't use but could be handy. The room was nice, comfortable and felt spacious. It was front-facing though so we bought earplugs as not used to city noise! If you were in one of the rooms at the back you would probably be fine though. The bathroom could have done with a bit of renovation but I'm sure the owners know that. It was all a bit old &amp; worn, although everything worked fine. I wouldn't really have wanted to take a bth though. Breakfast was good with plenty of variety and plenty of everything!The staff were friendly, particularly the managers/owners. We did ask one guy about the best way to get to Newark (we had arrived at JFK) and he was spectacularly unhelpful, but went back later when one of the managers was on the desk and he was very helpful and booked a Carmel car to take us there.As everyone has said, the location is excellent, very near the subway and places to eat. Less than 10 minutes from Bleecker street. If you're looking for places to eat nearby, the Italian they recommend is good (and good value), as is the Spanish resturant Centro Nacional down the street, and Mi Cocina on Jane Street (7 mins away).Only criticism - could be a bit cleaner. I think they need a new vacuum cleaner as theirs isn't really doing the best job!All in all, I would say for the space you get, breakfast &amp; location, plus the relaxed &amp; friendly atmosphere, it's great value.	
Dec 9 2007	kept me toasty in chilly NYC	I just got back from a 5 night stay at Chelsea Pines and really liked it. The service was really wonderful, the bed comfy, and there was no chance we would be cold on those 20 degree evenings as the room was always warm and the bed sufficiently dressed. Perfect location, entertaining decor, great TV selection. Subway access was jut a few steps away, as well as a Balducci's for all our gourmet snacking needs. Chelsea market also at the opposite end of the block. Neighborhood was excellent and a short walk to the West Village and Magnolia Bakery.Would stay again and recommend it to like-minded casual laid back NYC visitors.Oh - and Charlie the cat was a sweetheart!	
Dec 4 2007 	A Good Deal for NYC but Average	I was in New York City for a couple of days to see friends and I was looking for a place @ $200-250 that was clean and comfortable. My room at the Chelsea Pines was reasonably cute; it looked like a tiny East Village studio, minus kitchen. I never quite felt comfortable there, though. The carpet wasn't quite clean enough for me to walk around barefoot, the bed was obviously years old, though not horrendously uncomfortable. The hotel does however have an exceptional location, near many subway lines. After this experience I realize that on my next trip to New York I need to bite the bullet and pay $300+ for a room in which I will feel comfortable.	
Nov 24 2007 	enjoyed and wud stay again	we stayed 9 nov for 4 nights, having booked directly with the hotel, the staff where really helpful and when i emailed them prior to staying asking for some advice they responded straight away. during our stay they continued to be really helpful and always acknowledged us when we were coming and going.we stayed on the 3rd floor [which made me out of breath each time but i knew that when i booked it], the staff took our bags up and brought them down at the end of our stay. the room was nice, a fridge which was really useful because there is a amazing deli on the corner! a little noisy but so is everywhere in NYThe location, brilliant, subway on the corner on 14th and 8th [i so lov saying that it makes me sound as if i know what im talking about!], Greenwich village round the corner, nice walk to [20mins] to Times square etcBreakfast was lovely, very relaxed from 8-11 i think, breads [different one each day], muffins, donuts ect and smoked salmon for the bagels at the wend. the bfast bar was nice during the day as well, as there was coffee and biscuits throughout the day and plates and glasses if you wanted to eat take out [the deli was amazing and we couldnt miss the opportunity at least one night]overall really nice, what made in special the customer service and Charlie the Cat!	
Nov 16 2007 	Excellent value for such a popular location	For $275 a night this property was a good deal. We had a Superior Deluxe on the second floor. The railroad car shaped room had adequate space for the two of us and our luggage. But as their website clearly states, this is a converted 5 story brownstone with no elevator and the stairs are quite narrow and steep. If one of the attendants carries your luggage to and from your room, be sure to tip him well. He will have earned it. The bath was clean, but tiny..no sharing. The shower was a separate glass brick enclosure around the corner in the sitting area. The bed was extremely comfortable and our room facing the back was very quiet. The central air worked perfectly but it was nice to be able to open the window for fresh air. The &quot;sitting area&quot; was spartan with a small round table that barely held a laptop and the lamp. The 2 metal chairs could have used cushions, but at least the the free wireless was very fast. Each morning one of us would fetch a muffin and coffee from the kitchen downstairs and both were fresh and tasty. Everyone on the staff was courteous and helpful and it was great to have someone at the desk 24 hrs. If you are comfortable with B &amp; B's, you should like this place, and although it is not particularly &quot;botique&quot; or plush, it does have character. When 2 and 3 star hotel rooms that week (before the NY Marathon) were going for $500, it was a find. And having Balducci's and the Chelsea Market at opposite ends of the block added to the experience. With superb flights to and from Seattle on Jet Blue and excellent towncar service from/to JFK by Carmel, it was a wonderful 5 days. And we saw Xandu on Broadway twice. Go, you'll love it.	
Nov 12 2007 	Home from Home	I loved this hotel.I arrived after an 8 hour journey from Atlanta. It's just a short walk from W14th Street station and was an welcome oasis. Also close to the Village.Richard on reception was very welcoming, knowing who I was as I came through the door exhausted. I was staying in the Tony Curtis room at the back of the hotel. It's a standard room with bathroom. It was small but I loved it - very homely.There is no lift so not ideal ias you have to carry your own bags.It's so often the people that make or break a stay and the staff here was so welcoming. I had a quick run in with the guy who looks like the uncle from The Sopranos when I lost my room key, but he was only looking after my own security.Continental breakfast was included and is taken in the small room at the back. It's small and I couldn't find a table to myself and not feeling sociable at that time of day, I had breakfast at Balduccis on the corner, Starbucks and the corner diner (on different mornings!)I can't recommend this place enough and I'd like to stay there again on my next visit.	
Oct 30 2007 	Great location too...	The person we spoke to when booking was very helpful and informative, even offering travel advice for other parts of our extended visit to the east coast.The room was perfectly prepared and the housekeeping, for the 3 nights we stayed, first rate. The decoration was completely charateristic of the unusual style and decor chosen for the hotel.One expects a NYC hotel to have a higher price bracket to those elsewhere and given that, we felt the super delux room was good value for money. Breakfast provision was very satisfactory, although it could get quite cosy if too many guests ate at the same time. It was nice to have the use of proper plates and mugs.For us, the location a couple of minutes from the Subway and allowing full walking access to The Village was just right for the evening choice of restautant and drinking, or simply strolling.One small warning, if you struggle with stairs and carrying bags up them, this may be an issue, as there isn't a lift (elevator). We'd recomment the Chelsey and would stay again.	
Oct 25 2007 	An excellent little hotel in a great part of town	We spent a great 4 nights in the Donna Reid room and absolutely loved the hotel and its location. The staff are very friendly and really make you feel at home. We had a standard room on the 4th floor, worth booking at least a standard so you don't have to share a toilet. The room was small, but large enough. The bed was very comfortable and the window, which overlooked the small courtyard garden had a blackout blind so we got some great sleep! Breakfast was a help yourself affair, the Sunday morning offering included smoked salmon and cream cheese. In the week we got a big selection of muffins, doughnuts and cookies, plus cereal, fruit and English muffins with jam. You could help yourself to a hot drink and cookie at any time of the day and you could buy bottled water from the fridge for $1 a bottle. A short walk from the hotel there is a huge selection of bars, restaurants and shops. This was my fourth trip to New York and this is the friendliest hotel I have stayed in, in by far the best location. Walking down Hudson street you could choose a different restaurant everynight for a fortnight and still not experience it all. There's also a great choice of bars. If you're gay you'll love the relaxed and friendly atmosphere, and if you're straight - ditto! Highly recommended and we'll definitely go back.	
Oct 16 2007 	Liked this place ALOT	Stayed here with my husband for seven nights. We found the hotel to be very well located with subway on the street and easy walking to the village, soho, chelsea and meatpacking. Hotel itself was fine, the rooms were well appointed. we stayed in the Rock Hudson delux room and Anne Francis delux room both on fifth floor - quite a hike esp at the end of long days of walking manhattan but not a real problem after a couple of margeritas - very clean and it was really nice to come back to someone having switched on the AC as NYC was having a really hot beginning of fall when we went with temps in 80s. Found the staff to be friendly and helpful but unobtrusive and have already reco the hotel to a friend who is planning a trip to new york in the not too distant future. Thanks Chelsea Pines Inn for a great stay, I am pretty sure we will be back.	
Sep 16 2007 	Excellent base for visiting NYC	We really enjoyed Chelsea Pines Inn and would happily recommend it to anyone as an excellent place to stay in New York. It's perfectly located for exploring - close to the subway and easy walking distance to Chelsea, the Village, just about anywhere. We were in on the top floor (NB: there's no elevator, only some fairly steep flights of stairs - a good cardio workout!) which overlooked the garden, so the room was very quiet and surprisingly spacious. The provision of a fridge was handy. The staff are really friendly too.	
Sep 6 2007 	Fantastic find	Myself and my partner spent five nights at the Chelsea Pines. The experience was fantastic, on arrival we were made feel very welcome and given advice on what to do, see, shows to take in etc. We were staying on the top floor but if you're relatively young and fit you wont have any problems and the room (Deluxe) was fantastic. It was much bigger than we had expected with a seperate seating area in between the wash room and sleeping area. The breakfast was highly commendable and the stairs made a welcome way to burn off all those carbs and calories, a good choice of cereals, bread, porridge, donuts, muffins, smoked salmon along with coffee, tea and juice, as much as you can eat. Theres also a nice terrace to the rear of the building which is nice to sit out on and enjoy breakfast or just chill out,The area cannot be rated highly enough, its as listed right on the edge of the meatpacking district, chelsea and greenwich village. Theres lots of restaurants which open late in the area and plenty of bars. The subway is almost on the doorstep. We broke our trip to NY with a stop off in Mass, we stayed elsewhere on the second occasion, but regreted not coming back to the Chelsea Pines, not because our second location was poor quality, it just didnt compare. We'll be back at the Chelsea Pines on our next trip to NY next summer.	
Sep 5 2007 	wonderful welcome	My husband and I were delighted with the warm welcome we received. The staff and owner went out of their way to be helpful. The location is perfect, the rooms while tiny provide everything you could ask for, and the friendly hotel cat, charming garden and good free breakfasts make this small hotel a real find.	
Aug 18 2007 	Made welcome at a perfect location	Great location - really near the meatpacking district. Staff were friendly and welcoming. Rooms felt really unique, total opposite of most generic hotels. Loved the daily newsletter they put under your door with hints of things to do for the day.We were on the third floor and it really isn't a drag at all walking up the stairs so don't let that put you off!Would definitely stay there again next time I'm in NY.	
Jul 12 2007 	A resident cat with a goatee	I stayed at Chelsea Pines Inn in late April 2007. The staff were helpful and friendly and the resident cat Charlie was a regular drinking buddy. Both the private showers and shared toilets are kept very clean and tidy. Great value for money in a fantastic location.	
Jun 24 2007 	Outstanding	My children and I stayed at the Chelsea Pines Inn recently. We found the staff and owners outstanding. Service with a smile. The rooms were fantastic and newly painted, and very comfortable, with a movie motif in each room and hallway. The breakfast was continental and very good. Parking is three doors down and the subway was easy and at near corners. Questions were answered with ease and again a smile. Very secure area also. Even groceries and bakeries nearby, along with many, many shops and eateries. Looking forward to our next visit.	
Jun 14 2007 	Super clean and affordable	The hotel was very clean and to rooms were very unique. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. They have a great continental breakfast and an outside courtyard to enjoy it. Extremely close to the subway so you can travel all over the city. Excellent italian food at Primitivo a few blocks away.	
Jun 9 2007 	Clean comfortable pleasant	This hotel was great.My friend and I wanted a place that was clean, tidy and 'worked' so we could to sleep, wash and get changed. This place fitted the bill perfectly.Because it is a relatively small hotel there is greater attention to detail than in the bigger super hotels, therefore if you have a problem or query you are dealt with sincerely.The staff were friendly, the rooms clean, stairwells tidy and it had a nice atmosphere. The themed rooms (female Hollywood gay icons?) were a great touch, and not imposing. They really gave the place some charachter.I think it had just been refurbished (apr/May '07) and therefore looked nice and tidy. Great transport links (14th Street Subway is 50m from the door), enable you to get anywhere quickly. The trendy areas (Chelsea, East Village, Soho, Grenwich) are all within 10 or 15 mins walk.	
May 28 2007 	Perfect location and hosts.	We loved it here.... so easy to find from Port Authority, it was scary. Three or four subway stops away, and the front door is only about a thirty second walk from the subway's exit. Great location between Chelsea and the meatpacking district - the hotel is just a few blocks from Tenjune, a celebrity hangout!The Ann-Margaret room was nicely appointed with both a double bed and a twin bed. Extremely clean and decorated with movie posters. We actually didn't mind the walk up the stairs (this room is on the fourth floor) because we had to burn off the calories from all the Italian food we ate at Primatera (Primavera?), an excellent restaurant that our hosts recommended on the first night. The owner of the restaurant gave us two free shots of Limoncello while we were there.Moving on: a nicely sized bathroom, plus a separate shower room (very European in design). Lots of closet space for our belongings, and even a small fridge for our cold drinks. Nice to get a newsletter each morning summarizing the daily NYC happenings. What a beautiful view from our large window. We realized there is a nearby daycare/school nearby on our first morning, so (this is going to sound cheesy, but it's true) we found it nice to wake up to the sound of kids' laughter. Continental breakfast which includes fantastic donuts... again, we didn't mind climbing the stairs to get to our room! Also juice, coffee, fruit, muffins, etc. Cookies always on hand if you're hungry at 11pm.....mmmm. Nice inside area to eat in, as well as an outdoor patio.We'd definitely come back. You're not going to find nicer hosts or a better location while staying in the city. My only complaint is that Charlie the Cat didn't seem to like us very much.... he always ran away! Next time, I'll bring liver treats.	
May 8 2007 	Just love the Chelsea area	Trying to find a place to stay, at the last minute, in NY can be tough especially for a reasonable price. Which brings me to the CPI. Great location, friendly, and going through some updating to make the place even better. The room we had was on the smaller side (Kim Novak Room) but who stays in their room. Rooms are decorated w/ movie posters. Everything you need,shower, clean, close to the subway &amp; includes a nice continental breakfast. This is a gay establishment but my wife and I felt right at home with the help of Charlie the cat!!!! No elevator and we made it up to our room with no problem even at our age (mid 50's). Emails to the property were answered quickly &amp; professionally. I repeat, Great Location, Good Price, Clean and a friendly staff. Thanks CPI !!!!	
May 3 2007	Loved Chelsea Pines!	The Chelsea Pines was pretty close to being PERFECT! The location was unbeatable! Right around the corner is Greenwich Village for great shopping, and the trendy Meat Packing District is literally a block away, where there are some great restaurants and fancy stores. The subway is right at your doorstep. My sister and I stayed over the Easter weekend in the Anne Margaret room, both of our beds were really comfy and the room came with a fridge. That was handy since there is a really great higher-end grocery store called Balducci's right around the corner, where we stocked up on snacks and even bought some great dinner stuff that we were able to heat up in the kitchen. The kitchen was always clean and is newly renovated. There was always coffee (you could take it to go too which was perfect) and cookies available. The breakfast was everything you could ask for. Fresh bagels, yogurt, fruit, pastry's and even some salmon and eggs one morning. The staff was very knowledgeable and really friendly. They let us check in early and they held our bags on our last day. The Chelsea Pines is definitely not your &quot;typical&quot; hotel which is why we chose it. It is young, fun and very welcoming. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again!!	
Apr 11 2007	Fabulous Inn!	We loved our stay here. The rooms were clean and roomie considering it's the city. Breakfast was great every morning and included fresh baked breads. The staff was very polite and let us check in a little early. They also gave us suggestions on which trains to take where. Every morning we got a newsletter telling us of things to do in the city, like new museum openings or shows at near by theaters. There were maps of the city and fliers for different things to do in the hotel as well.The location was great too and for the price, you just can't beat it. I will definitely stay here again and recommend it to my friends!	
Apr 4 2007 	Great fun in a fun part of Manhattan.	My partner and I discovered the CP Inn in a guide book. And not wanting to spend years trawling the net for a better deal we called them direct and made the reservation.Let me say it clearly and without ambiguity: This place is great and for all the right reasons.Yes, each room is themed and has name of an Academy Award winning actor.... but lets talk for real: This place is central, its clean and although it was being renovated during our stay, it was very comfortable. The other great advantage to this hotel is that if you're a gay/lesbian traveller who likes to meet other people when you travel there are lots of opportunities to do just that. The typical traveller to CP Inn is not a snooty type (they're on a budget too, remember?) and that means that your stay in New York can be extra fun. Location is fine- remember, you'll be in Manhattan and nothing is really that far away. Loads of shops, restaurants and what ever else you're inclined to do around the corner.	
Mar 2 2007	Great Location	Stayed for a week at the Chelsea Pines Inn. It was a great location, close to the subway and also to a grocery store which came in handy for water, snacks etc. Room was small, very clean. Great breakfast. We stayed on the fifth floor and there is no elevator so we did get our exercise every day. Take that into consideration when you book. We are in pretty good shape and did alot of huffing and puffing as we climbed the stairs, especially with luggage. That is the only reason why I rated it average. I'd stay there again for sure	
Dec 17 2006 	Fabulous digs for little dough	We recently stayed at the Chelsea Pines for about a week, and loved it. The location is fabulous, at the intersection of Chelsea, the Village, and the Meatpacking DIstrict there is no lack of things to do, and the subway is a half block away for wider excursions. The hotel itself is a great home-away-from-home: friendly, pleasant, clean, and stylish (if your sense of style runs to the funky and kitsch, which ours definitely does). Rooms are on the small side, as you'd expect in Manhattan, but are laid out to take advantage of every inch and are very comfortable to be in. The included breakfast is a bonus. The staff is a gem. We will definitely stay here again.	
Dec 15 2006 	Ok for straight folks too	At a quite last minute decision, I scrambled to book a B&amp;B in NYC. The Chelsea Pines was available, and I had glanced at the website very quickly. They didn't charge me any different for only a one-night stay, and the customer service on the phone was extremely informative and friendly. After I booked I examined the website further to see that the Chelsea caters more often to the gay community, and I had no problem with this but wondered if we'd feel like the outcasts at all. This was NOT the case at all. Getting there was extremely easy-from Penn Station only one stop using the &quot;A&quot; train downtown. The inn is directly visible upon exiting the subway station. It is secured, and service is right inside the door. We were given key-cards and told that coffee is always available. Our room was 3 flights up, and had just been cleaned. It was small, but nicely decorated with Ann-Margaret movie posters. The bathroom was very clean with wonderful thick towels and had a separate shower stall. It came with a fridge &amp; full cable tv. For a short stay I would highly recommend it. If I stayed for a week's worth, the only thing I might not have liked was the hike up stairs, but it is the city, so it worked. We did not take advantage of breakfast, but I did grab a coffee in the evening, and although it was about 5pm, it was good, and fresh.Check out time was at 12, they kindly offered to hold our luggage for us if we needed them to. The service at checkout could have been a little friendlier, but they seemed a little busy with some business people so maybe were distracted.	
Nov 27 2006 	Great location and staff but quality issues	Manhattan is always a tricky proposition when it comes to lodging. Reasonable price and comfort rarely occupy the same space. For Chelsea Pines, I chose a reasonable price over other considerations.This property is ideally located on West 14th with easy access to the West Village, Chelsea and the Meatpacking District. The staff here is a gem. However, if you are accustomed to a certain level of comfort, this is not the place for you. For the budget traveler, well, you're a budget traveler.Even though I booked about six weeks ahead for the week of Thanksgiving, I was unable to reserve a deluxe room. I booked a standard instead, which was a big mistake. The bed in our room was one of the most uncomfortable I've ever encountered, and the shower was tiny. Yes, even by European standards. Luckily, due to a faulty light in our toilet area (located in its own closet), we were moved to a deluxe room for a couple of days of our stay. The deluxe room was like staying in a different hotel with a bed that was actually comfortable, extra space for sitting, and a decent sized bathroom. Bottom line, despite the location and a very helpful and friendly staff, I would only consider staying here again if a deluxe room were available.	
Nov 6 2006 	Great Little Place in Heart of Manhattan	If you are a GLBT traveler looking for a fun place to stay in NYC this is it! Friendly staff, superclean rooms, and reasonable prices combine to make this a great deal. Located on West 14th St. and Eighth Ave., Chelsea Pines is within walking distance of most of the clubs and restaurants in Chelsea and the Village. It's also a short subway ride away from the theatre district and midtown. We stayed a week and felt as if we had our own home in the big city. Simple but adequate continental breakfast gets your day off to a good start.	
Oct 31 2006 	Friendly clean helpful staff - a great hotel!	We stayed here twice during our visit to the US in September. Both rooms were clean, quiet, with great facilities, and large comfortable beds! The staff were really friendly and helpful. The breakfast was lovely and fresh, with the hotel's home-made breads a real treat! With coffee and cookies around all day the breakfast room/conservatory was a pleasant, homely place to spend some time between sight-seeing trips! The only downside was the narrowness of the breakfast area when it got busy in the morning - but on the whole other guests were pleasant, polite and worked around each other..... it's not the Hotel's fault that the odd 1 or 2 fellow guests were pretty obnoxious and thought they owned the place - but fortunately they only stayed 2 days! Can happen anywhere!I would definately go back, and recommend it to friends with no hesitation. The movie posters gave the place a great quirkieness which really let you know you were somewhere interesting and memorable - not a bland, corporate &quot;could be anywhere&quot; hotel chain.The location was superb being situated in between really interesting and lively areas, and right on the Subway lines.	
Oct 30 2006 	Are You Inn to Chelsea??	Awesome.Each floor is painted a different colour, all the rooms are based on a gay &quot;Icon&quot; and the hall walls are covered in old movie posters.We stayed in the Rock Hudson room on the 5th floor (4th for non-americans). It was a differen colour from the hallway and the wall were covered in posters - see our pic's.Coffee is available all day and a very nice continental breakfast available in the morning.The staff we really great and helpful with booking show's, basketball tickets etc. Also some great suggestions for food n the area.Only downer is the stairs - after a days sight seeing - they are quite daunting.	
Jul 20 2006 	The Judy Garland room? It doesn't get much gayer than this.	Plastered with memorabilia of screen Divas (and Divos) from yesteryear, the CPI is a great little place to stay that won't break the bank. (Most of) the staff is super-friendly, the rooms are clean, and unlike a lot of shared-bathroom places, the rooms themselves have showers and sinks. Fantastic location too!	
Jun 22 2006	Fabulous and Welcoming!!	The FABULOUS staff gave us one of the warmest welcomes I've ever received and made us feel incredibly at home. The location was perfect and the building clean and cool - and the fresh, daily speciality breakfast breads - FABULOUS! Highly recommended to anyone with an open, gay-friendly mind!!!!	
Jun 7 2006 	Very comfortable and convenient	I stayed for one night in a deluxe room. My room was long and narrow. the width of the room was the length of the bed, which I had to climb over to reach the window. Most of the hotel is painted in dark colors and decorated with movie posters, which gives character, but probably makes the rooms feel smaller. The &quot;couch&quot; is a single bed, so the room can fit 3 people. Everything seemed clean and comfortable. Nice to have a refrigerator in the room. Breakfast included very fresh bagels and muffins, fruit, etc. Service was friendly. Subway at the end of the block.	
Jun 5 2006	What a Gem!	Just returned from a four night stay at the Chelsea Pines Inn and we had a brilliant time! Staff bent over backwards to help us out (even lent us a laptop to get some theatre tickets online). They gave us two restaurant recommendations for 24 and for Primitivo which has to be the best Italian meal I've had in a long time and very resonably priced. Fantastic location, really central and only a 10 min walk from Christopher Street. We stayed in the Paul Newman room with own bathroom and it was more than big enough and spotless. Ok, so it's not the Hilton, but then you are not paying Hilton prices either and to be honest I'd rather stay here for the atmosphere/staff/location. Fantastic - we will stay here again when we come to New York. Big thank you to the member of staff who seemed to be always on duty in a supervisory roll and commands a very tight ship - Charlie the cat.	
Jun 4 2006	Great Value	With my first trip to New York I wanted to stay away from the usual tourist centre of times square and closer to the night and restraunt areas of New York.The Chelsea Pines Inn was great between 2 Subway Stations on 14th street. Only 2 stops from the central subway station and also walking distance ot times square. But it had the greatest neighbourhood with the best buzz. Room was basic but had a fridge, Toliet was shared with the floor. The staff was amazing and always helpful. Breakfast was provided everymoring in their patio area to start the day giving a bigger cost saving. This place was great if you are on a budget and need a clean and comfortable place to stay.	
May 24 2006 	Cool place great value	Last month I took my first ever trip to New York City. As someone from a small town, I admit I was a bit nervous about visiting New York alone, but I had set up several interviews and was looking for a good hotel value for five nights. Some friends back home recommended Chelsea Pines, so I thought I'd give them a try. Very glad that I did!Location was terrific; right in the middle of gay New York, art gallery New York, great restaurant New York...well, you get the idea. Price was lower than anything else I checked on the web, and rooms were a good size for New York, I thought, considering the stories I had heard (rooms at twice the price the size of walk-in closets), and the movie themes for all the rooms was way cool (I stayed in the Jeff Richards room; never heard of him, but very hunky, and I asked to see several other rooms, which were equally cool). My room did not have its own toilet, but the shower and sink area were really nice; room was well layed out, and even though it faced the front of the building (a pretty busy 14th Street), the windows are double-glazed, and they thoughtfully provide a &quot;white noise&quot; machine which drowns out any street noise.Staff was extremely helpful and friendly; when I told them it was my first time in NY, they gave me all kinds of info and maps and advice (and a good restaurant discount card for a cool local diner). Breakfast room (which leads out to a pretty greenhouse and an even prettier garden) was chockful of goodies, tasty homemade breads every day, real NY bagels, fresh coffee (which was also available 24/7, snacks and cookies too). Rooms were cleaned daily, chocolates always on my pillow, and even the hall WC was kept clean.Still waiting to hear about a job offer, but if I come back to NY to look for an apartment, I'll definitely be staying with the great guys at the cool Chelsea Pines!	
May 23 2006	8 simple reasons why you'll love this place...	The best staff you could ask for - friendly and helpful with lots of knowledgeNice and clean roomsThe bagels at breakfastBeautiful, quiet gardenWireless internet access all over the place!Coffee 24/7Located right between Chelsea and VillageLast but not least, the overall ambiance - once you've set your foot at this friendly and easygoing place you'll keep coming back, year after year.Anders Thorssell	
Apr 19 2006	Grimy Flea Bag	A crime that anyone can charge money to stay in this place! I've traveled all over the world, and this is the filthiest place I've ever stayed in. Radiators coated with 1/4 inch of dust, dirty sheets, someone else's clothes in the room when I checked in -- you get the picture. Looks like they haven't employed a handyman in three decades. Staff at reception desk smoked and were generally unhelpful. Do yourself a favor and avoid this flea bag.	
Apr 9 2006	Best choice for gay visitors!	We stayed at the Chelsea Pines for a week at the end of March. The staff cannot be faulted in their friendly and helpful service. The room was clean, breakfast great and constant coffee in the kitchen very welcome. Being in the heart of the gay district meant that you have bars and clubs on the doorstep, but the main tourist attractions (Empire State Building, Macys etc) were only a 15 minute walk away. The subway is 20 seconds away on the corner of 8th Ave. Can't recommend this place enough. The kitchen was a great place to meet fellow guests and swap stories about where to go and what to do. I won't come back to New York unless I can stay at the Chelsea Pines!	
Apr 4 2006	I'll be back!	Stayed for two weeks in March in a quiet ground floor room with bathroom and couldn't have been happier. A fridge, a couple of cable TV channels, a reliable shower and pictures of hunky George Nader on every wall..what more could one ask? A huge breakfast in the dining room, 24 hour coffee and tea, perfect position at the 14th St. subway and extra-friendly staff were all greatly appreciated. The room was over-heated and we had to ask that it be vacuumed when we arrived, but otherwise I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. Many thanks to Jay and Al!	
Mar 6 2006	Great location	Stayed in the Doris Day room, which has a private bath and is only a two-flight walk up (as other posters have noted, there is no elevator). Yes, the rooms and hallways have movie posters, but rooms (and hallways) are exceedingly drab. The bottom drawer on the dresser didn't work, the ironing board is one of those tiny things that never quite works right, three bulbs in the bathroom remained burned out during the length of our stay . . . The &quot;breakfast area&quot; off the lobby is teeny-tiny, and we finally left rather than try to work our way past the other lodgers there. We did notice a slight odor in the lobby one day from the cute little cat.That said, this hotel has to have one of the best locations in all of New York for the gay or lesbian visitor -- walk a few blocks this way to Chelsea and a few blocks that way to the West Village, plus the subway is right on the corner. And I can stay in a drab room when the price and location are right. The rooms did seem clean, and the management makes the attempt to &quot;go the extra mile:&quot; they slip a small flier of the next day's cultural events under your door each night. As with any hotel, the helpfulness of the staff is hit or miss -- some hardly seemed to care, while others bent over backward to be helpful.So if you don't go expecting too much, and don't expect to spend much time in your room (we didn't), this is an excellent choice for the budget-conscious traveler.	
Mar 2 2006	Great Stay	Had a gerat stay here, the staff is so helpful and attentive. My room was so cute, with great old movie posters. Breakfast was great and a good money saver.The place is clean and the location can't be beat, with the subway on the corner. Best of all they were able to get me tickts to the theate at 40% off.	
Feb 17 2006	I (heart) New York and this place is OK too	I stayed here at the start of September 2005. My room was fine, though a little dark (I ended up with a body crisis for my first two days because of the bad lighting - couldn't see me in the mirror properly). The window didn't seem to shut properly and the air con unit was very loud. However, if any of these things concerned me enough at the time, I would have mentioned it to the staff then - they didn't and so I didn't. Breakfast was good and a great way to meet your fellow guests (i.e. pick-up), but don't get me wrong, this is not one of those places where you check-in, get it out and then get it on. On the whole, I must say, this place felt a little musty to me, it needs a good cleaning and dusting (maybe that's just the house wife in me coming out). I also thought the shared WCs could have been a little cleaner, I'll admit that I am quite fussy about that kind of stuff but I don't think it was at the standard that most people would expect (anyway, who goes to New York to sit in a WC?). The staff were friendly and helpful and the location is great. If I stayed here again, I would get an en-suite room.	
Feb 7 2006	I will be staying at The Chelsea Pines Hotel again.....	I loved my stay at The Chelsea Pines Hotel. It is certainly located so that I could walk to most places that I wanted to go. The hotel was clean and the hotel staff was friendly and helpful.I do have 2 suggestions. It would have made my stay somewhat better if the shower head had been better. When taking a shower, it is nice to have a full stream of water. I must say that I could ---- harder than the water coming out of my shower head. I would suggest one of the “Rainmaker” showerheads. It feels just like a shower.The other suggestion is my cable wire connecting my TV needs to be permanently connected. One day I was without cable because the wire had come loose in the back. I did not realize this because I thought the cable had gone off. Only the next day when I realized that the cable wire had become disengaged, I reattached the wire. Also, could you please get a couple more channels on the cable (maybe CNN, TCM and AMC)?Thanks so much and I am looking forward to my next stay.Christopher Freeman	
Nov 8 2005	Bring Your Own Ajax	The Chelsea Pines is just plain dirty. I found myself actually cleaning the walls as they were too disgusting to deal with. Never again.	
Sep 19 2005	Disgraceful!!	Traveled from Canada....what a dump!! Anyone who comments that this is a great place to stay needs serious help! Very tiny room and dirty carpets. Run for the hills!!	
Aug 17 2005	Great Value Charming Friendly	I'm a native New Yorker who moved away last year. This was actually the first time I've stayed in a hotel in NYC and I wanted to spend my money on clothes and entertainment rather than a 5-star hotel. I was very surprised at how cheap the Chelsea Pines was, comparatively speaking ($160/night for large deluxe room), when 5-stars charge over $400/night. It's very conveniently located at 14th St. between 8th and 9th Aves., only a five minute walk from the center of gay life in NY. I like staying in gay and gay-friendly hotels, and the Chelsea Pines was one of the better ones I've experienced in the last few years. Very friendly, accessible staff, fun and kitschy rooms (I stayed in the &quot;Paul Newman&quot; room, replete with original posters of his movies) and a decent though not super breakfast. Also, I was pleasantly surprised at how quiet it was--I've stayed in a few places where drunken screaming queens raging in the hallways make life miserable, and this was definitely not in that category. I saw that someone gave this hotel a very negative rating and I'm puzzled because I'm quite demanding and this hotel exceeded my expectations.	
Aug 6 2005	Charming!	A charming, old fashioned B&amp;B in a quaint, historic building.Great service, friendly staff.Right in the middle of everything.What more can you ask for?	
Jul 7 2005	Really awful weekend. Avoid this place.	What a dump! I will never stay there again. I will sleep on a park bench in hell before I stay at this horribly appointed and smoke-filled pit.My (non-smoking) room smelled like a bar. It was smokey and beer riddled. The staff was unprofessional and inept. The only good thing I have to say about this place was there was a really sweet cat that hung out in the lobby.	
Apr 5 2005	Chelsea Pines great for Gay/gay friendly travellers	A friendly well-located (for the Village and Chelsea) clean hotel. Staff were helpful and rooms were comfortable and &quot;uniquely decorated!&quot; The only thing to watch is there is no lift and the stairs are steep due to the age of this quaint building.	
Jan 24 2005	A New York Gem		
Jan 10 2005	Love this place		
Dec 21 2004	Stale smoke makes Chelsea Pines Inn lose its appeal		
Oct 15 2004	Inn the middle of everything		
May 14 2004	always a good stay		
Apr 14 2004	B + B from hell 4/3/04 - 4/10/04		
Mar 31 2004	What a fantastic place!!!!		
Mar 9 2004	disappointed		
Nov 18 2003	Had a Lovely Time!		
Jul 7 2003	They call it an Inn		
Oct 21 2009 	ottimo hotel in posizione fantastica		
Sep 11 2009 	Posizione perfetta grande cortesia!		
Jul 26 2009 	Buen hotel		
Jul 19 2009 	Vraiment sympa !		
Jun 13 2009 	Super sympa		
Mar 6 2009 	ottima posizione con un buon rapporto/qualità prezzo		
Jan 13 2009 	Hôtel cosy et sympa bien situé bon rapport qualité/prix		
Jul 14 2008 	Klein und gemütlich		
Jun 23 2008	Situation ideal et Accueil Sympathique		
May 22 2008 	Chouette hôtel!		
Dec 17 2007 	Toll Lage übersichtliches Hotel		
