	Fancy a Luxury trip to NewYork HILTON GARDEN INN TIMES SQUARE	Spending christmas vacations is always awaited by everybody . But when it comes to making your trip to the destination and then come the major task of selecting which hotels , that will suit your budget and also will be a great leisure time , thus making your trip memorable and worth spending your money .So we decides to make a trip to New York as my wife had always planned to go for . Then game a big job of which hotels , when searching for many sites, we came up with a good portal for making online bookings with . that was Hotels2stay.net . we chose to opt for NewYork HILTON GARDEN INN TIMES SQUARE ,, First of all I would say it was really a remarkable stay at this hotels .The hotels served all the services to its fullest .e Hilton Garden Inn Times Square's seating area includes a fireplace and features red, brown and yellow decor. Black and white portraits of New York City are displayed throughout the hotel. Pigalles restaurant serves French cuisine. Complimentary coffee is served each morning at the restaurant. The hotel's fitness center features cardiovascular equipment and is open 24 hours. The hotel includes two workstations with complimentary wireless Internet access and complimentary printing.Bathrooms include Neutrogena toiletries and curved shower rods. In-room safes are laptop compatible. Complimentary newspapers are delivered to the guestrooms. Accommodations include coffeemakers, and room service is available.The Hilton Garden Inn Times Square is located in New York, N.Y., one block from Broadway. The hotel is in the Theater District in Midtown Manhattan. Blue Line service at the 50th Street subway station is two blocks from the hotel and Times Square is two blocks away in the opposite direction. Radio City Music Hall and shopping on Fifth Avenue are three blocks from the hotel. And with all this and more me and my wife made romantic stay at this Hotels , and definitely to be thankful to the Portal that made our stay wonderful as we made bookings through them at cheap rates as compared to other sites .Good Job Done Hotels2stay.net !!love to make bookings with them again . And thanks to the services put up from Hilton garden .	
	Perfect Location	When our original booking at another nearby hotel fell through at the last minute, we were lucky to get this hotel at the same low price just a week before leaving home and less than a week before Thanksgiving. For our 5-night stay, the Hilton Garden Inn turned out to be a better choice: free internet, 15 stories (elevators were reasonably fast), large room with refrigerator and microwave (Evolution King), desk, chair and still room to move around. Bed and pillows comfortable (mattress had adjustable firmness). Easy walking distance to Times Square, theaters, great restaurants, subway stops. If the rate is competitive, this will be our choice in the future. Yes, we heard street noise even on the 11th floor at the back of the building - fire station is quite close - but this is New York - city that never sleeps! (Helpful hint: a laundry 1/2 block east on 49th Street does laundry by the pound: $7.00 for up to 7 lbs! Same price as the laundromat with no wasted time!).	
	Convenient location attentive service	We stayed at this hotel because they have some rooms with two queen sized beds. (It's a rarity in New York, but handy for families.) The rooms are nice and comfortable. They have granite counter tops in the bathroom and bar areas. They also have a microwave oven and mini refrigerator in each room, which was great. There is a grocery store across the street and drug stores nearby. Ice and soda machines are on each floor. They also provide free wireless internet. We were there for four days and switched rooms once. Our first room on the 2nd floor overlooked an air conditioning unit but was very quiet. Our second room on the 8th floor was exactly the same, but had louder street noise. If you can get a really good rate, it's a good place to stay. Pigalle restaurant, which is attached to the hotel, has very average food.	
	Good Hotel for Smokers	I would have given this hotel three or four stars, but for the fact that even with a prepaid reservation, we were given a smoking room after requesting a non-smoking room. Efforts were made by the staff to compensate (putting an air purifier in the room and giving us free breakfast vouchers) which was appreciated, but our one-night stay still resulted in our clothes reeking of smoke and of one of us having allergic reactions to the poor air quality of the room. This hotel will be fine for those who do not arrive much later than 3:00 (to have a non-smoking room request honored) or do not care if the room is permeated with the smell of stale cigarettes. (We also ended up needing to use a debit card that was charged for incidentals that we never purchased. Still waiting for a refund five days later after being promised we would not be charged.) I realize that our experience might not be typical--it just made the stay a poor one for us.	
	Very Good - No Complaints	I was coming to NYC with my wife and two kids and we needed a hotel room that had two queen beds because my wife and I hate sleeping in a double together - just too small to be comfortable. The HGI was one of the few hotels I could find that had two queen beds in the room. Moreover, I got to add to my cache of Hilton Honors points. We found the hotel to be very clean and a fairly large room by NYC standards. The staff was 100%, although we didn't use them much. Here's the one thing: Times Square is frenetic and I'm not much into the throngs of tourists but I dealt with it because the price was very reasonable and, again, the beds were good. The hotel is on 8th Avenue, which is one long block off of the main action of Times Square, and I think that's a plus. I recommend this hotel without reservation.	
	Perfect place	My husband and I loved the time we spent in this hotel, it is near Broadway and we could walk to everywhere we wanted. I booked an evolution room, which was great, big and comfy, really nice with a great view. We just loved our stay.	
Nov 23 2009 	Fantastic Location Excellent quality.	We stayed in the Hiton Garden inn Times Square last week for 5 nights while we did our New York THANG! The location of the hotel was excellent as it is located on 8th Ave at 48thand 49th if you don't know NYC then that is one block away from the bussle of Times Square and a short walk from everywhere else. The hotel was very welcoming the staff were all and i mean all very pleasant and we felt at home immediately. I completely understand why this hotel has such a high ranking on T.A. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay there and will return to the same hotel again for many years I am sure Well done Hilton Garden Inn Times Square (Well just one block away actually)	
Nov 23 2009 	Nice Hilton stay in the middle of mid-twon near Time Square	I use my accumulated Hhonors points from travelling with work to stay in this hotel with my wife so I am not aware of the actual cost but the place was very nice. Hotel in New York is always a difficult choice, location/price but clean make it always a difficult place to stay for less than $200... This hotel was conveniently located (we left through Pen St to get to Newark airport and went to the Madison Square Garden for some Knicks action!) and the room were very decent. The complimentary Internet and free business center (including printing) was a plus, it's not always the case... The biggest problem for me was the noise... Our room was right above 7th Av... and it was definitely not quiet even with the double glazed windows and my ear plugs... If you are a light sleeper like me ask for rear faced room :)	
Nov 22 2009 	Worst experience ever	I arrived at 22h00 at the hotel after a reservation fully encashed by the Hilton to hear that the only room available was at the smoking floor (5th floor) . The smell of the room (and the whole floor) was so unbearable that I could not stand in my room. I had to find another hotel and no compensation or refund were planned. It is unacceptable that in a city la New York and in a hotel chain like the Hilton this type of situation can occur.Really avoid this hotel if they cannot guarantee you a non smoking room. Note that the lower floor room are really noisy as well.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great Location	Just spent 4 nights here, and can recommend it, although our room was disappointing as it was on the 2nd floor and overlooked an air-conditioning plant. We were too tired on arrival to ask for a different room. This apart, it was clean and well maintained and the staff were very helpful. The Pigalle restaurant was well patronised at all times of day by outsiders as well as residents. Ideally situated for the Grayline hop-on/off bus tours, and for walking to Times Sq, Broadway, Rockefeller Centre, Macy's etc.Oh by the way, you could hear the subway trains rumbling along below, especially in the bathroom!	
Nov 22 2009	Excellent hotel for NYC	This hotel is nothing fancy, but is does everything you need it to do. It is clean, the AC works fine in the summer, location really close to Times Square (if that's what you want), the rooms are fine. This was my second stay at this hotel. The lobby is quite small, and can be a little crowded at times. But for the cost (compared to other hotels) it is just great.	
Nov 20 2009 	looking for under 300$select it	we had very good time spending 4 nights at this hotel early this week-great location ( few blocks from busiest center of NYC)-perfect room ( we booked via email, got exactly what we paid for)-good services ( front desks, porters )-restaurants &amp; 24hr food store ( opposite hotel )-close to tour 's pick up point/office ( greyline sightseeing tour)would recommend if you 're looking for under 300$ /night(incl.tax.)	
Nov 18 2009 	perfect location	This hotel has a perfect location, just a 3 minute walk from Times Square, and with several Broadway Theatres close by! The rooms were ok, the hotel restaurant was good, and the staff was excellent! A very good choice, if you do not want to pay to much for a centrally located hotel in this great city.	
Nov 11 2009 	Excellent location	We just got back from our first visit to NYC. We stayed at this location four nights. The location was great. It's only a few blocks to EVERYTHING. It's almost exactly across the street from the Grayline Tour center. Everything in times center is within walking distance. The staff were friendly, professional and courteous. The room was very clean and included wi fi at no extra charge, a 32&quot; LCD TV with premium channels and all the current movies for purchase. We also had a fridge and microwave. There is a small pantry store open 24 hours a day with snacks, etc and a large grocery store right next door. The only thing we were not impressed with was their on-site resturaunt. The tables are so close together that other guest had to get up to let us in and out and the tables were so small you can't even open your menu. The staff were rude and the service was slow. The food was not great either and over priced. There is a little diner across the street that had a much better and reasonable breakfast menu.	
Nov 9 2009 	Better than expected hotel stay	I've stayed at various Hiltons and Hilton Garden Inns, and this Hilton Garden Inn stands a cut above the rest. In terms of location, i.e. Times Square, one could not ask for a better location -- it's within walking distance of the Theatre District, Theatre Discount Ticket Booth and various other activities.The room was clean and surprisingly quite spacious. It had a decent bed with nice fluffy down pillows, and we asked for more pillows and were quickly accommodated. Amenities included with the room were a microwave, a refrigerator, and free Internet/wifi. It was pretty quiet and all in all it was a delight to stay there. If you have a child, there's definitely enough room for a cot to be brought in or if you have a baby bassinet for a baby.It also included a business center where I believe one could print documents for free.The only downside was that there was no gym or swimming pool, but they did provide an in room fitness kit that was complimentary to use if one ordered it.Parking in the garage next door is $30 for a regular car and $40 for a SUV -- it's self-parking and does not allow multiple entry privileges. There is street parking not too far -- about .5 miles walking distance -- if you're able to find it. I believe valet parking was $30, which works out to be the same rate.I highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay here again in the future.	
Nov 8 2009 	A Little Disappointed	The first room they gave us, King /Non-Smoking, had a quite smokey bathroom. Okay, this happens. Next room had a bathroom exhaust fan that never stopped running, and it was LOUD. So we asked for maintenance this time rather than move. Five hours later, still no maintenance! Called again and someone came immediately and solved the problem by stuffing a towel in it, which did quiet it down.So, the manager gave us 2 comp breakfasts. Well, that just made things worse. The breakfast was ICE cold, we sent it back, and it came back still cold. So we decided to skip breakfast that day.What a shame, because the hotel is clean, staff is nice, good location. At first I really thought we finally found our favorite hotel (we are always looking in NY). Maybe next trip.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Hotel Corteous Staff Great Location	We stayed here from 8-20th October.Hotel was fab.Special mention must go to bellman Jules a genuinely nice man very helpful.We're Irish a nation of tea lovers only gripe no kettles in the rooms coffee makers don't boil water hot enough.We bought a kettle in K-mart as the hotel do not have any.Nice bar across the road &quot;Social&quot;good food excellent draught Guinness but unfortunately the owner doesn't do &quot;personality&quot;.Emmett O'Lunneys W50th excellent.Avoid Broadway Joe's on Restaurant Row was like something out of a mob film very intimidating staff you wouldn't complain here!!!We paid 166 dollars for bad food for 4 modest meals.We will definitely come back here to The Hilton we stayed on 5th floor and weren't bothered in the slightest by the fire station.Those men do a great job and were very nice to us when we stopped by to say hello and chat to them they related their 9/11experiences to us and spoke to us about colleagues they lost.There's something special about these people.Disregard all the crap people write about being close to it we felt safer.As always we enjoyed the banter and wheelin and dealin with the &quot;brothers&quot;.New York is great go there great people!!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 5 2009 	nice hotel friendly staff	Hotel was in a great location just minutes from times square. Hotel was very clean, staff was really friendly, lots of towels in bathroom etc. Rooms weren't huge but manageable,didn't spend much time in the hotelroom. Hotel was a little pricey but I guess your paying for location.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Stay	We very much agree with all the positive things said about this hotel. Great location, nice room, wonderful staff. Could have not been more pleased. Check out &quot;restaurant row&quot; on 46th between 8th and 9th. We'll definitely return next trip to the Big Apple.	
Nov 1 2009 	Good hotel great location better than expected	Normally stay at the HGI in Chelsea but that was booked for Halloween so stayed here. A little worried as it was so close to Times Square but should not have been. Nice and close but far enough from the madness.Very quiet especially considering it is right next to a Fire Station. Not much of a view by comparison with the Hilton Times Square but still looks out over 8th Avenue. Staff were extremely friendly right from check in to the room staff. Breakfast if you are a Diamond member is included and is in the Pigalle Restaurant attached. Much better than many I have had. Everything is cooked fresh and the portions are very good. Also makes a really nice place to eat in the evenings. Rooms are standards HGI, a little larger than the Chelsea HGI but all the standard amentities like a microwave and fridge. Bathrooms are a little tight but very clean. Would definitely stay again	
Nov 1 2009 	NYC	Amazing hotel .. well worth the money. Very central so you are only a few minutes from the Hudson River / Broadway / Central Park .. the rooms have amazing views out over the city :)	
Oct 30 2009 	Great hotel	Stayed at the Garden Inn for 6 nights. Staff was friendly &amp; efficient. Room pleasant, clean an well equipped. Stayed on 15th floor, no noise. Price was right and considering the position saved on cabs. Nice breakfast facility at Pigalle. Highly recommened.	
Oct 29 2009 	Trip of a lifetime :)	This hotel was in an ideal location - literally round the corner from Times Square. It is less than a 5 minute walk to the main square where the all the hustle &amp; bustle is, but far enough away to escape the madness when you want to retreat back to the hotel.There is a nice restaurant called Pascale adjoining the hotel, which we had breakfast in a few times. And, a couple of handy deli shops opposite the hotel. There's a little shop within the hotel where you can buy water, snacks and a few gifts etc too.I don't think it matters where you stay in New York, you are always near to a busy area, a major attraction. This hotel was perfect for us. It isn't pure luxury, but it is certainly a lovely hotel, and I would stay here again. The staff were amazingly friendly and helpful. The rooms were very clean, with a coffee maker, fridge and microwave. The shower was very powerful, and towels were changed everyday etc.A great place to stay!	
Oct 25 2009 	Good position close to Times Square	A good basic hotel, in great position. The room was fine for a couple of nights with four of us, but would have been a little cramped if we were staying longer.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great location	We arrived at the Hilton Gardens Inn Times Square around 7.30pm after a long flight and checked in immediately and had a couple of very tasty complementary cookies from reception. The hotel is in a great location - 8th Ave between 49th and 48th Sts The rooms were nicely presented, and the bathroom was a good size - I expected the room and the bathroom to be cramped, but was pleasantly suprised that we didn't feel that way at all. There was a small refrigerator and a microwave as well as coffee making facilities and these came in handy because we bought some cereal and milk and had that for breakfast - unfortunately breakfast wasn't included in our room price.For Australians booking a room, I'd suggest booking a King Room because their Queen size beds definitely appear smaller than the standard Queen back home. However the free WIFI was a bonus which really came in handy.As for location, it was great. It's easy walking distance from the colourful and vibrant Times Square, tons of theatres and lots of restaurants too.Close to the Hotel is a supermarket (8th Ave/49th St) where you can breakfast or grab a frozen meal or perhaps heat something up in the microwave in your room. Also very close by are a couple of entrances to the subway which was very handy after a long day, and on 8th Ave between 47th - 48th, the (red) HOHO buses depart from here - as a matter of fact, their office is across the street.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great CLEAN Hotel in EXCELLENT Location!!!	My husband and I stayed 4 nights at HGI Times Square - EXCELLENT location. Rooms are nice sized and were super CLEAN (which is a MUST for me). Free internet service in lobby business office (came in very handy) and has free hook-up internet service in each hotel room for those who bring their own laptops. Free coffee served every morning in the lobby, even though there is a coffee maker in each room, along with a refrigerator and microwave (WOW!). Never used the coffee maker (got the ready made coffee from the lobby) or the microwave but DID use the frig to store husband's beer and our pastry treats we bought from a block away (The Food Emporium - a grocery/deli you MUST visit).The staff - from the desk to security to the doormen to the consignor (Gabi) were extremely helpful and VERY nice, especially Gabi. The hotel was close to zillions of restaurants/diners, bars and shops. You could walk everywhere easily or you could take a subway - which we did, and it's not hard or scary at all once you figure out 'downtown' or 'uptown', and again - Gabi the consignor helped us find our way.  You would never have to venture more than one-two blocks away for food, drink or shopping if you didn't want to - that's how many places there were to choose from (theaters were within walking distance, too). The hotel's restaurant Pigalle (sp?) served VERY GOOD FOOD at reasonable prices (would recommend eating there; my husband said it was the best meal he had the whole time we were there). Would’ve eaten there again but wanted to try more places. Also, the Cosmic Diner about 2-3 blocks away on the same side of the street was EXCELLENT with huge portions and very reasonable prices. Also ate at Gallagher's Steak House - WOULD NOT RECOMMEND, rude/non-existent service, expensive mediocre to bad food; save your money and eat 3-5 times more (for two people) at other nice diners/restaurants for the same price as one meal at Gallagher’s. We also ate breakfast at Viand Coffee Shop in Upper West - delicious and extremely reasonable!For first time visitors to NYC, I think we found the perfect hotel in the perfect location. I highly recommend this hotel to others who are looking for a no-frills hotel yet provides exceptional services and amenities that are offered in higher classed hotels, whose staff is friendly and helpful, with rooms that are spacious and CLEAN and is in the center of most anything a tourist would like to see. As a matter of fact, we met a lady in the elevator who had been living there the past two years (due to a teaching assignment) and told us that this hotel was the best one to live in that had the best and most friendly, helpful staff.We like staying at different hotels, but this place would be very hard to pass up the next time we visit New York!	
Oct 22 2009 	Good Location nice room	My husband and I came to NY to celebrate our anniversary and was very pleased with our stay. Shouts out to the conceriege Stephanie who was very helpful in suggestions on things to do for fist time vistors!! We had the breakfast package with the evolution king size bed and to be honest I couldn't tell the difference in the firmness of the matteress. Also, the bathrooms could be bigger. Overall, the staff was pleasant and I would stay again here again.	
Oct 20 2009 	A boutique hotel for the rest of us.	The Hilton Garden Inn on 49th Street and 8th Avenue is a very pleasant surprise. In fact, if it didn’t have the HGI name on it, a visitor might easily mistake it for a new boutique hotel. (Note to Hilton—why are some of the most interesting initiatives rolled out at HGI and Hampton properties? For example, amazing to get mouthwash at an HGI, but not at a full service Hilton. . .hmmmm. Ditto for good, wifi—free and everywhere)If there is a more convenient location in New York, I am not familiar with it. The C and E trains are across the street, the 1 trains are a block away, and Radio City/Rockefeller Center are just a few blocks beyond that subway station. Times Square is close at hand, and beyond the theatres, this area is home to countless restaurants, both on 46th Street’s Restaurant Row (between 8th and 9th Avenue) and the main 9th Avenue spine of the Hell’s Kitchen neighborhood between 43rd and 55th Streets. Central Park is less than ten blocks’ walk.The staff of the hotel is uniformly helpful, cheerful, and proactive. My room was not ready when I checked in, and the restaurant was still serving breakfast—so the front desk agent bought me breakfast in Pigalle, the hotel’s bistro. Note to other hotels: This kind of proactive hospitality should be a part of all hotels’ arsenal. As well, I didn’t need to ask for it. . . In the evening, be sure to snag a cookie or two at the front desk—they put them out, and it is a nice touch in a hotel filled with them.Pigalle’s breakfasts are very good, and as a Hilton HHonors Gold member, I receive breakfast for free when I stay at HGIs. This restaurant feels like an independently run bistro—if the hotel does indeed run it, this is a concept that should be replicated elsewhere—and the full American breakfast is a plated cooked-to-order menu, rather than a buffet some other Hiltons/HGIs/Hampton Inn feature. And for late risers, it is great that breakfast is served until 11:30 each morning. The restaurant’s likely theme, theatre district location, and prix fixe specials have it busy during all its operating hours—the vibrancy of the place is a great addition to the hotel—complete with a traditional bistro bar.This hotel had a previous life as a motor lodge, but the renovation has been complete. The hallways are bright and well decorated, with well done black &amp; white photos of NYC displayed. The rooms are nicely sized for NYC—normal for other cities I guess—with granite top desks, a microwave/refrigerator/coffee maker, and easy chair. For a mid-city location, the hotel room is notably quiet. HGI takes special pride in its beds, and while the mattress is not the cushy or heavenly variety other hotels favor, the comfort is noteworthy—with white duvets and New Zealand lambswool mattress covers. Wireless internet is free throughout the hotel for guests, and there are printing facilities in the lobby’s business center.The bathroom is adequate and nicely finished with granite and a curved shower rod—though the space is small enough that if you are not careful, the end of your shower curtain will wind up dipping into the toilet bowl. With all these advantages, why isn’t my score for this hotel higher? Well, while I used points to stay at this HGI, the online rate for the evenings I overnighted here was $389. And while the breakfast was a part of my Gold HHonors benefit, that rate would not include breakfast customarily. There is no doubt that New York can be an expensive city, but $389 is an outrageous rate for an HGI—however convenient the location or stylish the redesign. For $389, a visitor can and should have a beachfront room in a Caribbean resort in high season, or three nights in a suite at The Venetian in Vegas in December. If I were to pay $389, I should be enjoying one of NYC’s storied hotels—not an admittedly very pleasant HGI on 8th Avenue.So value is important consideration in the rating of a hotel. If this property has the $150-$200 rate that is reasonable for a stay of this quality—my rating would be a solid 4 dots—and I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. For the management of this hotel to charge nearly $400 a night (with NYC’s taxes, at four night stay will easily surpass $1700 here at that rate) is sheer profiteering. And this hotel is just not worth that.Kudos to the management, staff, and designers of this great little hotel. The pricing people, however, need to reread the definition of value and start doing their jobs accordingly. To price this hotel at nearly $400 a night during a recession is just obscene—so shame on the people at this hotel or the owners who prompt such greed that they taint an otherwise noteworthy hotel with rates unbecoming to it.	
Oct 19 2009 	If you can get a room here grab it! Don't think twice! Great stay.	What a great place to stay. Booked a last-minute overnight with a friend for a 3-show in 2-days theater marathon. Location: The Hilton Garden Inn is in a PRIMO location for a theater/eating getaway! Walk 3-4 minutes to Times Square, see a show, gawk at the spectacle, then retreat to a nice quiet room away from the crowds. 2 minute walk to the subway.Food nearby: The hotel is located on 8th Ave. 8th Ave and 9th Ave are cheap-to-moderate dining havens. Decent wine shops, drug stores and an excellent supermarket also close by the hotel. The room had a handy in-room fridge, coffee maker and microwave. Service: Everyone says this, and I did not believe the reviews, but it is really true - the service was beyond fantastic. I seriously could not get over how nice, polite and efficient the staff was. Got to NYC a bit earlier than expected (4 hours early!); it was raining and cold outside, and I was pretty tired. So, I stopped by the check-in desk to see if a room just happened to be available early. The sweetest young gentleman said that our room was not ready, but that he would call my cell when a room opened up. I figured it would take a long time, so I went out to find someplace where I could kill a few hours and presto... within 15 minutes, the young man from Hilton Garden Inn called - a room was ready! And it wasn't some leftover B-List room that they scraped together at last minute, either. It was a lovely room on the top floor. I can never thank the staff of the Hilton Garden Inn enough for that small, but very much appreciated kindness!The Room: The bed was super comfortable. The room and bathroom were immaculately clean and well-stocked. I do these NYC overnight theater marathons a lot and will be back to the Hilton Garden Inn every time from now on... if I can get a room!	
Oct 19 2009 	Probably Not where I would stay again	Although the main part of my 2 week stay in this hotel is business, other time like evenings and weekends are pleasure. While the hotel is in a GREAT position for Times Square, Hells Kitchen, theartres, the tube etc it is let down by the fact that the rooms only have a VERY small bathroom, so small that you have to walk around the door to close it. The bath is only a sit up bath (unless you are under 3' tall), and you have to ask the housekeeping for shower caps as they are NOT left as a normal procedure! The actual bedroom area is big enough and complimentary internet is good. We had a great view of 8th avenue from our window. We had a problem with our room phones as the lights flashed constantly. Not a problem through the day but at night it was like sleeping on a runway. We reported it twice and had an engineer up to check it out, he said that it was something wrong with the exchange box and would call out an engineer to fix it....in 14 day it never got fixed! The hotel has a restaurant down stairs/next door called Piggalli and its good for breakfast, thats all we ate there and it was a great place although a bit rushed and careless sometime, but still good and enjoyable. Overall would i stay there again....I am not sure as its expensive and certainly not the best Hilton I have stayed in.	
Oct 18 2009 	absolutely fabulous in every way!	My Husband &amp; I stayed at this hotel purely because of the reviews. In every way it was great. Location was great for diving into the city weather it's your first time or not. I prefer the less gilts &amp; lights, yet this is the place to be for hopping on the bus etc. The room was beyond great. So large for NYC standards. Beautiful, large, great air conditioning, low noise, fast elevator. The staff were helpful, personable, and fun. We did not eat in the restaurant. While in NYC there are fabulous little restaurants to be had. Just out side the hotel there is a fresh food market. Perfect to use your refer &amp; micro in the room. Also free internet in the room Big cost saver. Also a local wine store. we stayed 8 days and booked through this hotels web sight. It was the cheapest. While in NYC don't forget to have a martini at the plaza, perfect:)	
Oct 18 2009 	Best of both worlds great hotel with the benefit of apartment facilities	This hotel is immaculately kept, and the housekeeping service very quick and helpful. Always lots of clean white fluffy towels and flannels in the bathroom. I loved the fact that after a hard day walking around New York you could arrange through the hotel a delivery of food from the Olympus Diner across the road. This diner does a great breakfast at reasonable prices. The free Starbucks coffee in reception was very welcome. I also used the tea/coffee making facilities in my room. Unlike other hotels you are allowed to purchase your own food and drink from outside and store it in the fridge in your room. There is an iron/ironing board and microwave in the room and free internet connection for your laptop.We had a king size bed which was massive and very comfortable.The reception staff were very helpful and I would like to especially mention Stanley who gave us lots of help in getting around on the Metro and buses when our feet could not take anymore walking.The hotel is in a fantastic location eighth ave at 49th street west. Just around the corner is Times Square and just a few streets away is the bus station.I would always stay at this hotel on any future visits and have recommended it to my family and friends	
Oct 14 2009 	Great Hotel Excellent Location	Another HGI winner. I flew red eye and was able to check in early (11:00am) with no problem. The hotel staff is professional and efficient. The location is great, right next to the subway stations. They also post a security guard at night to make sure only hotel guests can access the elevators.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great Hotel and Location	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The location is excellent. It is on 8th Avenue, I block east of times square. Rooms are very nice, quiet and very clean. One advantage is that the beds are queen size if you are travelling with a child or children.There is a good restaurant next door to hotel and you are in very close walking distance to theartres, reataurants and times square. Bus and subway are within 1 block. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I would definately stay here next time we visit New York	
Oct 14 2009 	Anohter Great Stay at HGI Times Square	Stay here whenever in NYC. Location, Staff and nicely appointed rooms make it easy to deal and enjoy the city. Believe the good reviews as the place is a comfortable gem. Kudos for brewing REAL COFFEE, Starbucks to boot, for the Lobby coffee station. To many other have cut costs and converted to the abysmal liquid concentrate.	
Oct 13 2009 	Excellent	Great location, reasonnably priced for Time Square and fantastic service	
Oct 13 2009 	Was not what we expected	The hotel is completely over priced for the value of money we paid,The room has dark carpet ..very old and need renovation, Not appealing at all. the washroom too small and needs renovation.The staff were not helpful.They were cleaning the room after 4 pm when it is our time to go back to the hotel for rest..I won't go back again,	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Location	We had a great time staying at this hotel. It was centrally located to everything we wanted to see. There were two subway stops within a block or two of the hotel, and it was within walking distance of Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, etc. We would definitely consider staying there again.	
Oct 10 2009 	EXCELENT HOTEL GREAT BREAKFAST FRIENDLY STAFF	Whenever we go to NY, We try to stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square!It is a wonderful hotel, with a great location.It's only steps away from shows, restaurants &amp; shopping.The Food Emporium is located right across the street, where you can find a simple breakfast or lunch; however the free breakfasts that we received were outstanding!They consist of either an omelet, pancakes or waffles, accompanied with fruit, juice, &amp; coffee.One of the nicest things however is when we arrive early, after a morning flight, &amp; are shown directly to our room.The rooms have a small fridge, &amp; microwave, &amp; there are computers off the lobby, for guests to use.All in all, we love this hotel.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Service Experience in the heart of Broadway	The location is fuzzy, but allows to visit as many as possible Broadway shows. We went to see Dave Letterman's show (free!) and the God of Carnage. Nice restaurants in the neighborhood. The room was very nice and comfy with the great advantage of complementary internet access. I always felt secure around the hotel, and the staff is very welcoming and polite.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good location helpful staff that makes for a relaxing stay.	This was the third year in a row that we have stayed at this hotel. The staff is always friendly and helpful. The rooms have a microwave and small refrigerator in them and with a grocery store right across the street it makes it easy to have snacks and beverages in the room. The hotel is located near theaters, subway station and Times Square.	
Oct 8 2009 	Even Better than Expected!!!	Just got home last week from a 4 day NYC trip, staying at HGI. From check in to the day we left, it exceeded our expectations. Location is wonderful, so clean, comfortable bed and nice staff. We couldn't have asked for anything better. Now we can't wait to book our next stay there!!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect .	Just as the reviews say . Five minutes away from Times Square , evrything you need on the doorstep . Excellent and friendly staff , especially Charles on the door . Can't wait to go back .	
Oct 8 2009 	A Great Stay with Times Square just steps away!	The hotel is great, with friendly staff and a great attitude, something quite rare in NYC. I’m a Hilton HHonors Diamond member and besides a great cooked to order breakfast in the adjacent restaurant, I asked for early check in and my room was available at 10:00am. The Food Emporium (Supermarket) is on the next block, which is great for any snacks, drinks or light meals. Convenient to the Subway, Times Square and everything.	
Oct 6 2009 	Perfectly sufficient in every way	Great hotel, lovely staff and perfect location. Nice clean, large rooms - nothing fancy, but who would have expected not only an (empty) fridge in NYC, but a microwave and coffee maker? Unbelievable, and so good to be able to buy milk, juice and cereal at Walgreens and avoid huge breakfasts for a few days!Fantastic location for exploring, close enough (but not too close) to Times Square, and on many different subway lines.Highly recommended.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great Hotel loved it .	must go to the dinners accross the street, very good place for breakfast, great location. One of the best in Time Square.	
Oct 4 2009 	Good Location; good value	Stayed for three nights at the Garden Inn on a city break. Hotel well positioned for exploring the city. The room was clean and full of all the expected amenities ( had not expected a micro-wave). Particularly enjoyed the attached bar (Pigalle) and Dining room which were good value and lively. Only gripe would be th Aircon which was unresponsive and noisy.	
Oct 4 2009 	I remember it with a smile in my face	if you can get a room in a high floor (10 th-15 th) and away from the elevator (very noisy), you hit the jackpot. This hotel is in a perfect place, 50 St. subway station is 20 metres away, takes you 5 minutes walking get Times Square. In front of the hotel is &quot;Emporium&quot; fine food, where you can eat a fantastic pizza slice for only 3$ or buy fruit salad and eat in your room, which have microwave oven and refrigerator. And, the most important thing is that New York City is amazing, at least for an european couple like us. No doubt to get this hotel again when we get back.	
Oct 3 2009 	One of the best	This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel and it confirmed our first impressions. The hotel is busy but the service from check-in and throughout the hotel in both very friendly and helpful. The room was a good size and overlooked 8th Avenue. It was well fitted out with air conditioning, large screen TV (with many channels and pay to view), microwave, mini fridge, coffee maker with coffee and tea provided but no milk. There is also and iron/ironing board and hairdryer. The room has an excellent and comfortable bed &quot;system&quot; that allows you to adjust for each side the bed's firmness. It also has an armchair (why not two?) and table and a number of lamps together with internet access on the desk/dressing table. There is also free internet access via four PCs in the lobby. The bathroom has a small bath (?normal in NY) with shower and is well provided for with towels and toiletries. Cleaning and towel changing is very good.Opposite is a well stocked 24 hour Deli including fat free milk and hot food to take away (but no beer). The attached restaurant/bar (Pigalle) is good but somewat expensive especially the drinks but they have a good spirit/beer range including many Belgian beers. About 5 min walk north on 8th (same side as hotel) is a 24 diner (COSMIC) which is excellent for breakfast (and other meals) - good service and price. Also opposite is a very good Italian (CIRIO), the pollo parmagiano is recommended. On the next north corner is a modern food store which sells coffee and cakes to eat in/take away as well as an extensive range of bakery products and hot/cold food to take away. Two blocks south, on other side of 8th, is a Duane Reade for all your chemist/pharmacy needs plus food drinks (incl beer) and gifts. A Starbucks is 2 mins south. The two main bus tour operators start their uptown loops on 8th not far from the hotel.The hotel is well situated being under 5 mins walk from Times Square; around 15 mins walk from Maceys and 10 mins walk from Central Park.Hope you enjoy it a much as us but don't make it too popular!	
Oct 1 2009 	Great girls weekend in NYC	We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square for a girls weekend in NYC. The hotel was clean, rooms were stylish and the service was great. The bellmen and concierge were very helpful in navigating the city. The location was perfect...within walking distance of Gershwin Theatre (Wicked which was fantastic), Times Square and Rockefeller plaza. We were able to get everything we needed. We did not eat at the attachec restaurant but the concierge gave us names of great restaurants near places we wanted to go.We hope to return in a year or two and would definately stay here again!!!	
Oct 1 2009 	Sleep well and go shopping! great location great room and nice price	Stayed at the hilton for 5 nights and the major concern when booking it was the location. About that I can just say that it is almost in the heart of times square ( 1 min walking from the m&amp;m´s mega store and, therefore, 3 min from times square). So, it´s safe to walk around and go back to the hotel by myself at any time. Perfect for me! The hotel is typical u.s. standard, that means no breakfast included, big bed and spacious room and very hot indoor facities (T.G. for the A/C). The bathroom is nice and the cleaning too. The staff at the front desk is friendly and the concierge and doorman are very helpfull. There´s free wi-fi in the bedroom (ask for the password at the front desk) and if you don´t bring your laptop/netbook there´s an internet point with computers in the lobby that you can use at your will (just need the room key to enter it). So, it is actually a very nice place to stay that allows you to sleep well and roll around NYC.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great Location for theaters; great hotel Hilton Garden Inn Times Square	The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was large for NYC, normal for the midwest. We had a room facing the street. There happened to be a lot happening while we were there, so there was a lot to see. There was a street fair on Sunday. The road was blocked off for a video or something on Saturday (we weren't there to see what actually happened; just saw the set up). The location (8th St. between 48th &amp; 49th) was great for going to the shows. The shows we went to (7 of them) were all between 44th &amp; 54th and only one block off 8th St. Also, the Gray Line tour ticket place is one block down &amp; you catch the tour buses there, too! Also, lots of restaurants in the area. The price was worth it! Will stay there everytime we go. Only 30 minutes from LaGuardia, too.	
Sep 21 2009 	The Reviews Don't Lie - Great Hotel Great Value!	The Reviews Don't Lie - Great Hotel, Great Value!We stayed in NY many times (Hilton, Hampton In, Marriott), but this time we went with Trip Advisor’s reviews and chose the Garden Inn Times Square. Everything is good about this hotel, but what stood up most was the service- from check-in through check-out. Once again the reviewers were right on the money! Every time we needed something we were greeted with friendly response and within minutes we got what we needed. The rooms were clean and specious for Manhattan standards. The location is great – you can walk to Times Square, Central Park and the port, but you are not overwhelmed by a sea of people close to the hotel as you would be if you were to stay closer to Times Square. There are TONS of good restaurants to choose from nearby. The price is very reasonable, so I think it is a great value.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square	This is a very nice hotel. The service we received was awesome from the front desk right down to housekeeping. Stayed on the 11th floor with a few of 8th Avenue. You are about 1 -2 blocks away from Times Square (just the right distance). You are close to subways lines to downtown and to LGA. We took a bus from LGA to the subway and was at our hotel in under 1 hour. Also we ate breakfast at the adjacent restaurant Pigalles. Breakfast was good and service was generally quick. You are within minutes of most major broadway shows. Billy Elliot was 3-4 minutes walking and was awesome! Also ate across the street at a bar and grill - again good and quick. Also right across the street is a grocery store with deli which we used often for an inexpensive lunches and snacks. We also walked to most attractions including Central Park, Lincoln Center, Empire State Building, Penn Station (1 sub station away), Madison Square Garden, Rockafeller Center, Circle Cruises, Intrepid Museum. Just an FYI the first night we stayed here there was an electrical fire in the basement and the hotel had to be evacuated for 90 minutes between 1 am and 3 am. Even with this inconvenience I would definately recommend this hotel and I will return here next time I am in Manhattan.	
Sep 20 2009 	Gem of a Hotel Great Location	Straight off the bat, for those who get impatient reading reviews, this is a really great hotel and I’d recommend it to anybody. I stayed here for 5 nights last week and enjoyed every minute of it. The staff in the hotel are some of the friendliest and most helpful I’ve come across. Checking is was a doddle and the hotel even checked us in early without any bother. Check out was also very straightforward.RoomsI’ve stayed in NYC hotels before and the rooms are generally very very small, but my room (Rm 321, 2 very comfy Queen Beds) was quite spacious by NY standards. The room included a proper fridge, microwave, 37” LCD TV, coffee making facilities and free Wi-Fi. The air-con was very good too. The bathroom is smallish but well appointed and with a good hot powershower. Bathroom towels etc were good quality and the complimentary shampoo, conditioner, body cleanser etc is nice Neutrogena.LocationThe Hilton Garden Inn is located on 8th Ave and is about 2 Blocks away from 50th Street Subway which goes north to Central Park and South all the way to Ground Zero. I found it very handy for getting around. The Hotel is also less than 5 minutes walk from the main Broadway Theatres’ if you plan on catching a show e.g. Phantom of the Opera at The Majestic Theatre, it’s about 3 mins away. You can walk to Times Square in 5 mins also and there are a number of nice restaurants nearby. If you’re hungry, there’s a Food Emporium 1 Block to the north which has lovely salads, deli, freshly made sushi, confectionary, pretty much all the nice food you’ll ever want. You can either take it away or sit in by the window and watch 8th Avenue go by!Overall I found this hotel to be immaculate, ideally located for my tourist needs, very good value and the staff friendly, helpful and professional. I would definitely stay here again and I would recommend it to my family and friends. Don’t take an age searching for other hotels in NYC. Trust me, this one’s worth it!	
Sep 17 2009 	4 girls (60 ish) awesome time in New York City - Great Hotel 	the location of hotel was great only a FEW BLOCKS from Time Square... Glad it was'nt right at Time Square to (to carazy and noisy there) Great Food Emporium (Grocery &amp; Deli) on the corner. Other eatries on same street.... Hotel very CLEAN ...Very Friendly......Frig, Micro &amp; iron in rooms...updated rooms...... would definitely would stay here again....... Grayline Tours a block away.... great to use for getting around NYC (can hop on off anytime)...... taxi from LaGuardia $34.... location location location this hotel was it.....scale of 1-10 a 9999	
Sep 17 2009 	Great Location to TImes Square and Public Transportation	I stayed 6 days in September meeting with clients on Wall Street and taking clients to the US Open. The hotel staff are very friendly and provide top notch service. The hotel is clean and on the upper floors the only sounds you frequently hear are the doors closing. The amenities are in line with the HGI brand.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great location very nice place to stay!	Service was great.Room was very nicely decorated. Flat screen TV is nice, roomy for NYC. Nice art work of the city.Location is great.Housekeeping is pretty good.I will say the same as the other reviewers - great location! Two blocks from the heart of Times Square, two blocks from the subway station. I highly reccommend learning the subway system. We were in NYC for a week and taking the subway everywhere saved us a ton of money - not having to take cabs every where - and time - not having to walk every where. The subway system is fairly easy to learn and there are plenty of people willing to help you out!I was surprised to learn that the fire station across the street lost the most fireman in 9/11 because they specialized in tall building fires. Very sad to see the flowers and candles lit there on 9/11. Being on the 15th floor the sounds of the street and fire trucks did not bother me. The windows are very sound proof. In fact, it was fun to open the windows and to hear the sounds of NYC. I LOVE this city.We are Hilton Honors members and got the free breakfast in the ajoining restaurant which was good, however, I wouldn't have spent the money to eat there. Pretty pricy.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Location - Fabulous Stay in NYC!!	Stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square for a 4 night vacation in September.With this being my fifth visit to NYC, I do like to rotate my stays, thus opted for this Hotel following the positive reviews that I have read on Trip Advisor and due to the fact that I am a Hilton Honours member. I was not disappointed on my arrival to the Hotel when I was I was allocated Room # 1106, which was a well appointed room. Although they could offer me an upgrade of room during my stay, I received breakfast and water vouchers to redeem at the restaurant and shop respectively.Location: The Hotel is located on 8th Ave/49 St and is only a 5 minute walk to the centre of Times Square. You've also got various Theatres located nearby, including the Ambassador which I saw Chicago at one night. Your also only a 10/15 minute walk to 5th Ave, which is a must if you love shopping.Hotel Facilities: Room was excellent and was extremely spacious a nice large LCD TV and FREE WiFi to utilise at the end of a busy day to upload your photo's or keep in touch with people back home via your laptop. Room was kept clean every day by the team of housekeepers. The 'complimentary' breakfast provided was a great addition every morning to start off the day. Although choice from menu wasn't massive, it was still a nice offer from the Hotel.Overall: This Hotel made my fifth stay in NYC another fantastic and memorable visit to this great City. Location of the Hotel was at the heart of the City where everything was happening and whilst you had all the hustle 'n' bustle of NYC, you always felt safe in the surrounding area. A good value Hotel in a fantastic location - would definately consider staying here on my next visit to NYC.	
Sep 11 2009 	V clean helpful staff recommended	Booked through Expedia after reading reviews on here.Very pleased with Hotel, service from staff was excellent, everyone very friendly and polite. Extremely well maintained, staff always seemed to be cleaning corridors etc.Free wireless in rooms, flat screen HD TV, huge bed, fridge, microwave, coffee maker (but no kettle). Room was much larger than I was expecting and certainly plenty large enough for us, bathroom was cosy but fine.We were there for my husband's birthday and the cleaning lady obviously saw the card and the next day he had been left a gift bag from the hotel with a little note and a few goodies - a nice gesture.Good location, not actually on Times Square, on the corner of 8th Avenue &amp; 48th St. However also very close to a Fire Station altough this did not wake me up.The only thing we weren't keen on was the roof top bar, found it to be a bit conceited and v. expensive.	
Sep 9 2009 	Good choice	Good budget choice for NYC. Pros: - location is terrific, near subways, restaurants and Times Square- clean lobby and rooms- typical nice HGI linens- pretty reasonably-priced for Manhattan- free wireless and printing- rather quiet. our room was in the back so we didn't get the usual honking horns and sirens. the main source of noise was other guests slamming their room doors, which was pretty darn annoying but what can you do?Cons:- rooms are small as compared to other HGI's, but let's remember this is New York City- the hotel is a converted Holiday Inn and it shows in the hallway deco, but I was pleasantly surprised at how well they remodeled it.	
Sep 9 2009 	Superb value	Great value. Clean, modern, great service, terrific staff. Half a block to subway. Could not have been better.	
Sep 4 2009 	Excellent Location - Would stay again!	Sorry this review is a little late!We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square the last weekend of June (26th - 29th) and would definitely go back.Check-in: We arrived in NYC very early (7am) and were at the hotel by 8am. I had not expected to check in at all, but when we dropped our bags off, they told us they were currently cleaning several rooms and that we could check in early around 10am instead of 3pm. We left and ran around Times Square and stopped back at 10am and were told that the room was still was not ready...so, we stopped back in around 1:30..still not ready. I would have been totally fine with not checking in until 3pm as expected if I had not been promised an early check-in time. That was kind of upsetting. But, it is NYC and there was plenty to do while we were waiting, so it was only a minor irritation.Rooms: Small. But it is NYC and it is hard to find a spacious room unless you are paying top $$ for a suite. For the amount of time we were in the room, it was perfectly fine. FYI: the bathroom is especially small. There was a frig and microwave which was perfect for storing extra drinks and heating up leftovers from lunch/dinner. Housekeeping: Well, the first two days we were gone all day and did not get back until after 6pm. The room was very clean and we had fresh towels. However, on our last day, we arrived back at the hotel earlier than usual to get ready for a show and the room had not been touched. Housekeeping was on our floor, but way down the other end of the hall. This was at 4:30pm. Keep in mind we left at 8am, so they had 8 1/2 hours to get to our room. So, we told them not to bother and had them switch out all our dirty towels. Food: there is a restaurant attached to the hotel called Pigalle. Being a Hilton Honors member, we had free breakfast included in our stay. The hotel provides coupons that we were to give to the hostess as we were being seated. I noticed that Hilton Honors members received a totally different menu than regular guests. However, in my opinion, there was a nice selection of about 5 different options to choose from. It was more than enough to get us on our way..and not mention, I would not want to pay full price for the actual menu items. So, if you are not a HH member, you may want to skip eating here and venture out on the streets and experience a good old fashioned street vendor for breakfast!!! Hotel amenities: The concierge was wonderful. She was able to get us sold out tickets to Chicago and give up directions to anywhere we wanted to go. There is a small pantry in the lobby to buy snacks and beverages. At first I thought they were going to charge and arm and a leg, but we stopped to get some cokes and surprisingly, they were only $1.50. Location: This was the best part about the hotel. It was less than two blocks to the heart of Times Square and Broadway. Close enough without having to pay tons of $$ to stay close. The red and blue lines were also one block away, which was convenient for connecting to anywhere in the city. There was a grocery store and shops directly across the street and all kinds of bars and restaurants on all corners. We even found a Steeler's bar one block around the corner from our hotel!! Go to Hurley's if you love the Steelers. The only drawback that I was concerned about when reading all of the reviews on here was the noise from the nearby fire station. All I can say is that we were on the 11th floor on the same side of the street as the fire department and I only heard the trucks a couple of times. This was early evening. However, I never heard them late at night and they did not disrupt our sleep. If you are looking for a very convenient location, this is absolutely it!	
Sep 3 2009 	Awsome	Loved it, Great location, Great rooms, Loved it,5 min walk to Time square, cant beat that.Great price	
Aug 25 2009 	Just back. loved this hotel .will stay here again	We chose this hotel form the TripAdisor reviews and it was ideal for us ,Good location,Clean nice size room,Fridge was a nice bonus.Free use of business center.Next time were in NY we are going to stay here.Big Thanks to everyone at this hotel.	
Aug 23 2009 	Excellent Hotel in an Excellent Location	My husband and I just returned from three days in NYC, and we had the good fortune to stay at the Hilton Garden Inn. I rated the hotel as Excellent b/c of the fabulous rate we got ($135 for advanced purchase) and for everything we got from this hotel (especially the price), it was a wonderful stay.The location is great - we were only a couple of blocks from Times Square and Rockefeller Center. We also were within short walking distance of Central Park and Lincoln Square.The hotel itself was very nice, and our room was quite large - given NY standards. It had a fridge, microwave, big chair, desk, etc. The bathroom, however, was quite small. All was very clean - which is very important to me.Staff was great - we were able to do an early noon check-in, and do a late 2 pm checkout. It helprf that I was a Hilton Silver member, I'm sure.Some of the past reviewers did mention noise from the subway/fire house next door. We were on the 14th floor and didn't hear a thing. We actually hear more noise at our condo in Chicago than we did in NYC!We never at the restaurant onsite (breakfast wasn't included in our rate), and we didn't know about the rooftop bar so we also didn't try that.I would stay at the Hilton Garden Inn again. Our location, room, and price were perfect.	
Aug 18 2009 	This hotel is a MUST......you have to try the 'secret' rooftop bar!!!!	Well I will keep the hotel review brief as other reviews pretty much cover what we thought......excellent - very clean, modern, great location, definitely more 4* than 3*! We asked for a room on a high floor and were given one on the top floor. Fantastic hotel. Only problem we had was that when being checked in we were asked for a credit card just in case of any damages we made; we didn't have one so had to use our cash passport with all our holiday money on it. This was swiped and given back to us - what they didn't tell us was that there was a reserve of $50 a day which made it quite a surprise when our card was declined in a shop down in SOHO. The manager called the card company straight away and asked them to release the hold and this was done a couple of hours later. I understand this was a fault with the card company not the hotel; however, we overheard another guest complaining that this happened on her credit card so I believe that we should have been warned this could happen on preloaded and credit cards.Now, to the bit they don't tell you in the brochures.......we asked the concierge about rooftop bars, and she said there's actually one on top of the hotel. The entrance is round the corner on 48th street and all you have to do is show your room key and the doormen let you in. Now we did this on a weekday and it was fine, quite quiet, managed to get some photos of the amazing view and very classy bar! However, on the saturday there was a guestlist and although they did let us in, the doorman seemed very reluctant to do so - there's obviously some agreement between the hotel and the bar to let hotel guests in. That night was full of socialites and businessmen, and we saw John Mayer there! We did feel a bit uncomfortable but you definitely have to experience it!! I've since read that Vogue and GQ staff are regulars there, and they had the Ugly Betty season premiere there....and many celebritites such as Rihanna, Tyra Banks, Victoria Beckham, Kevin Spacey and Scarlett Johanssen have been/go there regularly. What a fabulous little gem!!! Go to www.highbarnyc.com for more info on it.	
Aug 17 2009 	All we hoped for and more!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square for a weekend in NYC. I had spent hours reading reviews on TripAdvisor trying to find the perfect hotel at the perfect price. The Hilton Garden Inn Times Square was rated highly (especially for cleanliness) and I got a AAA rate that was more than reasonable for a 300+ sq. ft room (which sounds like it's incredibly hard to find in NYC). While I originally wanted to find something hip and fun, I'm very happy I went with the &quot;safe&quot; bet and stayed at the HGITS. From check-in to check-out the experience was fantastic. We arrived at noon on a Saturday and were allowed to check-in early. We were even given a choice of a high or low floor room. (I had requested an early check-in when I booked directly through the hotel's website online, but requests are not always guaranteed.) Assuming that street noise might be worse on a low floor, we happily chose a high floor room. The elevator (always readily available during our stay) took us to the 15th floor and we settled in before experiencing the city. The room had a luxurious king sized bed with adjustable firmness, a view towards the Hudson, a large desk, flat screen tv, and our favorite - an empty fridge and microwave. We were able to save a lot of money by bringing our own bottle of wine and beer, water and even some snacks - all of which we could store in the fridge. No separate mini bar - but we would never pay ridiculous mini bar prices so there was no loss there. (There was also a &quot;Food Emporium&quot; on the corner of 8th and 49th I think, where we could buy more snacks and even a rotisserie chicken and sides to microwave in our room.) The bathroom was not large or flashy but had a tub/shower combo, a nice mirror and decent lighting for makeup application. There was also a full length mirror in the hallway. We went out to see the sights and stopped back to the hotel around 2:00 AM before going to a pub across the street for a nightcap. The doorman checked our room keys which I thought was reassuring. When we were approaching our room we heard incredibly loud techno music coming from a mysterious door at the end of the hall. Upon entering the room however, it didn't seem nearly as loud so the soundproofing must be pretty effective. We came to find that our room was next to a place that I think was called High Bar. While it didn't bother us since we got back at 3 AM, I'm not sure whether people retiring earlier might be bothered by a relatively faint noise - it was louder in the bathroom than the bedroom! We got back to the hotel considerably earlier on Sunday night and noise wasn't an issue at all. When we stopped at the front desk to make sure we could have our bags held until we left around 7:30 PM on Monday, the staff member offered to give us a late check-out at 2 PM on top of a promise that holding bags would not be a problem. It was accommodating gestures like the early/late arrivals and departures that motivated me to write a review - while I always read the reviews of hotels/restaurants etc. I've never written one! Check-out was a breeze and we were able to pick up our bags after coming back from a taping of the Daily Show (our whole reason for going to NYC). Parking was around $85 (after hotel validation, tip not included) next to the hotel from noon on Sat. to 7:30 PM Monday. It was described as &quot;self park&quot; but the garage attendants take the keys from you and park it on lifts and you don't see it again until you leave (unless you want to pay more)! Through my hours of research on other hotels I found this to be a good parking rate for the area. I would definitely recommend the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square to anyone, especially young couples like us - maybe not for a 5-star glitzy honeymoon but definitely for a great little getaway in the city!	
Aug 15 2009 	Great location!	I found that there was a promotion for this hotel, I had booked another but this rate was cheaper, better location &amp; I am a member of the hhonors program so we decided it was worth a try. There is a parking garage adjacent to the hotel that gives you a discount for being a hotel guest. The price for an suv was $40 night (which we split with friends so it wasn't bad). I had requested early check in on the website but when we arrived around 11am our room was not ready. We checked our bags with the bellman and off we went. We literally took a left out the front door and then a right, walked a block and we were in times square. Awesome location. Just a heads up though, there are people every few feet trying to sell discount bus tours. We got stopped several times. It is a great way to see the city and I recommend it as you really get a lay of the land, so to speak, as well as transportation to attractions and information about the city in the process. We were a 5 minute walk from the Richard Rogers theater which is where we were seeing In the Heights (great show!!!!). I cannot say enough about the location. The doormen were helpful. We went back a couple hours later and were able to check in. They were going to call us when our rooms were ready but never did. We took a chance going back at 2pm and they were checking other people in. Also, we asked if we could be on the same floor as our friends. Originally we were separated by 2 floors and the person we first spoke with said there was nothing available together. Upon actually checking in, we were put on the same floor (14). We had a corner room facing the Hudson River. Our friends were on the other side and a had a limited view. Our room was huge. Theirs was a bit smaller but still larger than we expected for NYC, especially after researching different hotels. We both had fridges, microwaves and coffee makers. The room was clean. I didn't notice any noise unless I went right up to the window and listened to the outside traffic. We tried to use the concierge but the line was long and she was slow. We wanted to go to the roof top bar but it was under renovation. That was a little disappointing. There was a good diner across the street for breakfast, quick, good &amp; reasonably priced. We were close to gray line bus tours, a fire house, theater district &amp; of course, Times Square. It was easy to get to (driving from New England) not the driving nightmare we anticipated. If you use the parking garage be prepared to drive in and take everything that you need with you. They collect your keys and off you go, you don't see your vehicle again until you're picking it up. Make sure you get validation from the hotel so you pay the discounted rate. We checked out of our rooms early Sun morning, as we had a tour at the Statue of Liberty. Again, we checked our bags and off we went. No hassle picking them up at 5pm that night. We wanted to use the rest rooms before our trip home and the clerk at the desk said they only allowed the rest rooms to be used by guests - you need to get a key (your room key also works). We told him we had just checked out and he let us use them. That was one of the only weird things we experienced. We would definitely return to this hotel. We paid $149 night. What a bargain.	
Aug 10 2009 	Look no further!	This was my first time in NYC. I carefully researched hotels in Manhattan and came across Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. It was cheaper than all other hotels in the area. I will break it down...Price: I stayed there from July 30 - August 1st, 2009. I booked online on their website and paid $179 per night advance purchase (which means you get a cheaper rate but if you cancel you lose your money) good for last minute bookings. Parking: A breeze. I parked my car right next to the hotel at the underground parking. There are no in/out privileges but that was fine with me seeing as driving in downtown Manhattan is not my cup of tea. The cost for parking was $30 per nightCheck in: Simple as can be. They had my reservation, gave me the keys and a big smile.The room: I booked a King Evolution room.Room 709. I was shocked when I walked in..super clean and gorgeous! And spacious! It seemed luxurious for the price I paid, I almost felt guilty..almost :)The bedding was great, flat sceen TV. microwave and coffeemaker..all worked fine.The bathroom was super clean. A tad small but you don't go in the potty to party right? I was under the impression it had a shower only but mine doubled as a bath as well.We had WIFI..and it worked everytime, no problems.The Restaurant: The Pigalle is downstairs and I found it to be overpriced for horrible food. The owners are lucky they are attached to a hotel because they wouldn't survive on their own.We expected a nice meal (for the prices) but instead got tasteless chicken,powdered mashed potatoes and boxed gravy. Something you would get at a take out, only a hundred times the price. We asked the waitress to speak to the manager but he never came to the table...I'm not suprisedLounge: If anyone is looking for a lovely lounge where you can have a drink, where the lights are romantically dim and there are couches and comfy chairs , an older sophisticated crowd do I have the place for you! Down the street from the Hilton Garden Inn...Turn right on W49th street there is a lounge called Seraphin at the Time Hotel.Take the elevator to the second floor to access the lounge..it's a hidden gem in Manhattan! It's pricey but worth it.The neighborhood: It seemed safe. It's a few blocks away from the heart of times square and I liked that..it's much quieter. Everything is close by, all within walking distance. Wear comfy shoes.There are a few restaurants and bars right across the street as well as a pharmacy.You won't be disappointed with the Hilton Garden Inn at Times Square! I would definately stay here again in a heartbeat!Happy travels everyone :)	
Aug 9 2009 	Another great stay	This is our second stay at this hotel. I go to NY once a year with my two daughters to see Broadway shows. This property is very convenient and the only one I can find that has queen beds in their 2 bed rooms. The staff is friendly and helpful. The attached restaurant (Pigalle) is good as well.	
Aug 9 2009	Stayed here again....still a GREAT hotel!	I have stayed at this hotel before and I was not disappointed this time either. This hotel is in a great location at 8th &amp; 48th....close to Times Square, theatres, restaurants, shopping, subway....you name it! The service was amazing. We had a hair dryer mishap and I called the front desk and they had a maintenance staff up there within minutes to replace it with a new one - impressive!!! The bell hop, Donald, was amazing! He definitely took care of us!!!! We stored our luggage all day on the day we checked out and when we came back to the hotel they gave us the key to the washroom to get freshen up before leaving for the airport. This is MY hotel whenever I am in NYC!!! Look no further!	
Aug 3 2009 	Excellent place to stay	I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square for 3 nights on a long weekend break in New York at the end of July with my boyfriend. We had been to New York the previous summer staying at the more prestigious Michelangelo hotel (also highly recommended on TripAdvisor) for my 30th birthday, this year we wanted to repeat the trip but on a tighter budget. From reading the TripAdvisor reviews the HGI appeared to fit the bill. We got a great rate of approx $150/night, including tax. The hotel certainly lived up to our expectations and to all the good things we had read in other TripAdvisor reviews. Our king bedded room on the 11th floor, which looked out over 8th Avenue towards the Hudson, was a decent size, had a very comfortable and adjustable bed and a pleasant and clean marble bathroom (equipped with Neutrogena products). The small fridge in the room was useful for storing bottled water. There was also a microwave and coffee percolator, however we did not use these. The room was of a high standard, very clean and more like that of a 4 star hotel than a 3 star as the HGI is officially rated. The hotel did not have many facilities however there were some good points - complimentary cookies at reception upon check in, a convenient small shop in the foyer, and free Starbucks coffee in the lobby in the mornings. On arrival we were also given vouchers for complimentary bottled water, because I am a HiltonHonors member. The hotel does not have its own restaurant however it is next door to Pigalle in which I believe it recommends guests take breakfast and dinner if they wish. We did not visit this restaurant, however it appeared popluar and was always busy when we passed by. Two mornings we ate at the Olympic Diner which was directly opposite the hotel on 8th Avenue, where we had good value all American breakfasts, with fast, friendly service. HGI's location on 8th Avenue between 48th and 49th street is very convenient for Times Square, Broadway and the subway. We did not find the location particulary noisy despite the fire station on the next street. Central Park, the Rockefeller Center, 5th Avenue shops, Bryant Park and Macy's are all within easy walking distance of the hotel, no more than 10 blocks or 15 minutes away. We thought the location was fantastic. All the staff we encountered were friendly, helpful and professional. Our only small problem was a slightly eager doorman who hailed us a taxi before we were quite ready when we were preparing to leave. All in all, a fantastic stay, highly recommended.	
Aug 3 2009 	This hotel staff is professional and honest they returned my lost jewlery to me!	I have stayed at this hotel at least 5 times. I love the location, the rooms, and restaurant. The staff has always been very helpful and freindly. Now I can say how honest they are too. Even though I scour the room when I pack to come home to make sure I don't leave anything, when I got home some of my jewlery was missing. I was especially concerned about my 25th anniversary ring my husband had just given me in February. I called, they had it and sent it safely back to me. I even got a call to make sure I received it. We will be coming back here whenever we are in NYC!	
Aug 3 2009 	GREAT LOCATION !!!!	The rooms were a little pricey, but its new york. Location is great !! i would visit again. Lisa was a little rude to me, but that was ok. Other than that It was a great night stay. I do not really have any compliants	
Jul 31 2009 	Great time in a super value for money hotel.	We stayed in the Hilton Garden for 9 nights in July and were delighted by the quality and service at this hotel. Our room was large (evolution room on 2nd floor) and well furnished with comfortable king size bed and feather pillows, sitting area and desk, large LCD TV, microwave and fridge. Our room was spotless and extremely comfortable. All huge compared to other NYC hotels which we have stayed at, although the bathroom was smaller. Before arriving we were slightly nervous due the busy and noisy Times Square being so close by. However there was a 5 minute walk to Times Square so the hotel was not noisy at all from this. However from our room we could feel the subway trains passing a couple of times an hour but we did not find this was overly intrusive.The hotel has a great location within the theater district for traveling around Manhattan. All Times Square amenities were a few hundred yards away so you could have walked everywhere. Many of the essential subways were close by too. Complementary coffee is available in the main lobby most morning. Breakfast was not included however the deli near-by was great to grab something first thing. Also there is a huge selection of great restaurants nearby (esp Thalia). Also great location for comedy clubs (Caroline’s), piano bars (Don’t Tell Mamma - great night) and jazz clubs (Swing 46). We would definitely stay here again. A great hotel for keeping the costs low, immaculately clean and great location. Would definitely recommend this hotel but try for a room on the higher floors.	
Jul 30 2009 	Crowded shabby worst Hilton ever stayed in	Shabby room. Excessively loud air conditioning. Very mediocre service.	
Jul 29 2009 	as good as everyone says	Went with boyfriend, brother and teenage sister from sweden to celebrate my birthday and was a little worried after reading all the wonderful reviews here, but I must say it is a great hotel and location and so friendly people working there! My brother called before and asked if it was possible to get rooms high up and close to eachother and we managed to get connecting rooms on the 10th floor. Clean and close to major attractions and also to the tube although we mostly travelled by taxi...!	
Jul 28 2009 	Hotel itself was very nice but short staffed during check in and out.	My family and I stayed at this hotel from July 15 -July 19. Check in was extremely slow. We had been traveling a long time and arrived at 3PM expecting to get into our room. We were told that all the double queen rooms were not cleaned yet and to take a seat in the lobby. Our daughter was not feeling very well so after waiting fifteen minutes or so, I went up to the desk to see if our room was ready. Again I was told that all double queen rooms were not ready. No apology, just a statement. After complaining that it was check in time and mentioning that our daughter was not well, the person at the desk finally called housekeeping to ask to speed up the cleaning of our room. We finally checked in at 3:45. The room itself was very nice. The beds were very comfortable. We were given three pillows for each bed. I left a note for housekeeping along with a tip asking for extra towels and two extra pillows. When we returned to the room, the tip was gone but nothing left that we asked for. All in all it was a nice stay but again when check out time came, the lobby was a crowded mess. There was not enough bell staff to accomodate everyone checking out at the same time. Loved the hotel for its location and cleanliness but service staff needs improvement.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Location/Large Rooms	We stayed here over July 4th weekend. For NYC room rate was reasonable and the room and bathroom in my opinion was huge for NYC. The location is fabulous, especially if you want the Theatre District and Hell's Kitchen. We were lucky enough to get a room facing the Hudson and actually could see the fireworks on July 4th (few buildings blocking but could still see). Noise from the street wasn't an issue and we were just a few doors down from Firehouse. Hilton Honors get a hot breakfast which is nice, but would appreciate a few &quot;cold&quot; items for when you don't want the hot breakfast amount of food. They didn't allow any substitutions so couldn't get just a bagel or a bowl of cereal. Will definitely consider here for our next NYC trip.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great location - Great hotel.	This is a very nice hotel. Got a great rate with their CAA/AAA discount and was not disappointed in any way with this hotel. Only steps away from Times Square and Broadway theatres, very close to dozens of excellent restaurants and easy walking to Central Park, 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Plaza etc etc. Parking right next door ($30/day) makes luggage dropoff and check in very easy. Staff was very courteous and check in was quick. Room was exceptionally clean, roomy and well equipped with mini fridge, microwave, desk and LCD TV. No noise was heard either from the street or the hallway - the rooms were soundproof. Free wireless internet was an added bonus. Overall a great stay in a great location and met or exceeded all expectations for a 3+ star hotel in NYC.	
Jul 23 2009 	Absolutely Perfect	We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn July 16-21 2009. From the time we walked in the door until we left everything was perfect. A regular hotel sized room in New York!!! Free wireless internet that actually worked. Clean, Clean, Clean. Will stay there again next time we go to NYC. Close to everything.	
Jul 23 2009 	Superb hotel wonderful location	We stayed in the Hilton Gardens for four nights and were delighted by the quality and service at this hotel. Our room was large and well furnished with comfortable king size bed and feather pillows. We were on the 14th floor and heard no street noise despite being in the main theatre district. All Times Square amenities were a few hundred yards away and we walked everywhere. Staff were attentive and pleasant. There's no restaurant but on the ground floor, Pigalle restaurant serves breakfasts and all day meals. Complementary coffee is available in the main lobby every morning. We would stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	LOVELY HOTEL - CRAPPY CITY	The hotel rooms are extremely clean and the beds very comfy. You must show your room key at night - which is nice. Didn't eat any meals there so don't know if it is good or not. The hotel really doesn't have anything fancy, but it is nicer than most 3-star hotels.The &quot;valet&quot; parking is really the parking garage on the corner. The hotel stamps your parking ticket and you will get a discounted rate so it only costs $30 a day (per 24-hour period) to park. (This is as cheap as you can get here!!)Nice hotel.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Stay while in NYC	My family and I stayed at this hotel during the week of July 3th for 5 days. We all felt that the hotel was a great stay especially for the price. Our room was on the 7th floor facing away from 8th ave. The noise was very minimal, which allowed everyone to get a great sleep. The rooms were generally clean and welcoming, with the beds made and restocked by every early afternoon. The computer room downstairs definitely came in use and was a great asset to have in the hotel. However, you will come across times where all the computers are being used since there are only four. Having no continental breakfast did not cause any problems since it was very easy to grab a bagel somewhere close by. Besides they have really awesome cookies at the front desk every night. The only complaint that I have about this hotel is that there isn't a fan in the bathroom. I just found this very odd being that all the steam from taking showers will clearly ruin the walls. Overall this is a great place to stay with your family and be able to enjoy all the major sites so close by.	
Jul 19 2009 	Wonderful quiet stay!	We booked our stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square mainly because a family member was able to get us a &quot;friends and family&quot; rate. After reading the reviews, we were expecting a clean, comfortable hotel with probable street noise. I have to say, considering that this hotel is located on a very busy street in the heart of Manhattan, we had a very quiet stay! Our room was on the 12th floor with a view of 8th Avenue and in the distance the Hudson River. Our room was spotless and extremely comfortable. Our request for extra pillows and towels were met promptly, and was followed up by a phone call from the front desk inquiring whether our needs have been met. The bed was very comfortable and had a dial to increase firmness / softness of your side of the mattress (it's not a sleep number bed). The room had a fridge, microwave, and coffee maker, and the size of the room was more than adequate, especially for a hotel in Manhattan. We were more than happy with our stay here and would definitely stay here again, and recommend it to friends. As a side note, the only unfriendly encounter we had was with the concierge who made my husband and I feel like imbeciles because we were hesitant to use the subway system, being that we were unfamiliar with knowing which trains to take and which stops to get off at. The concierge said, &quot;Is that how you approach things in your life? Do you avoid things because they're unfamiliar to you? So you're telling me you don't ever want to experience anything new?&quot; My husband was so offended he had to walk away from the concierge desk. I politely stayed and listened to her explanation of the subway system and, though we avoided asking her questions for the duration of our stay, I have to admit the subway system is the easiest, fastest, and cheapest way to get around. My advice to unknowing travelers is to ask the concierge for a transit map, which has color codes of all the trains and stops. They (the concierge) can also provide you with information as far as which train to take to different tourist attractions (ie the Statue of Liberty). This was our Bible during our stay in the City. Lots of good restaurants in the area. For breakfast, we tried the Galaxy Diner, which had a huge selection of breakfasts as well as lunches, for a very reasonable price. It's a short walk from the hotel, and a short walk from the diner to Columbus Circle and Central Park. We also ate at Ruby Foo's, a very nice Asian inspired restaurant around the corner from the hotel. For the BEST pizza, make your way down to the corner of Bleecker Street &amp; 7th Ave to John's Pizza--the line is out the door at times, but is worth the wait. It's the oldest pizzeria in NY and still uses the original coal oven (not brick!). Try the pizza with the fresh tomatoes, basil, mozzarella, and ricotta cheese--a delicious spin on the Margherita pizza! All in all we REALLY enjoyed our stay, and would highly recommend the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square! Ask for a high floor, though--great views!	
Jul 17 2009 	Exceptional Hotel	We stayed here in early July and found this to be a wonderful hotel at a very reasonable price. We booked early and even though we had to change our reservation the week before it was handled without any hassles. The room was on the fifth floor facing the street. It was very quiet and we loved that you could open the windows to let fresh air in. The bed was amazing and the room was spotless with all of the amenities we expected from the Hotel website. The onsite restaurant was excellent for quick dinner one night. The little shop provided newspapers and fresh milk for our morning coffee. The staff was very helpful (we were able to check in two hours early) and the doorman was very courteous (tip them well, they deserve it). Other review comments about the firehouse close by indicated some noise issues but we had none even though the trucks went out often. The parking garage next door was a bargain ($30.00). We walked all over the city and took a pedicab ride at night. We will stay there again next summer. It was also an easy drive to Yankee Stadium, we were there in twenty minutes. Traffic is nowhere near as difficult to navigate as the guidebooks state, we did not have any issues although cabdrivers do &quot;rule the road&quot;. We took the Holland Tunnel in and the hotel was easy to get to from there.	
Jul 16 2009	Excellent choice for a short stay in New York	My son and I spent two nights in this hotel in mid May prior to undertaking a long felt desire to travel across the USA to California by train and I can definitely endorse the positive comments made by many previous reviewers regarding the location, quality of accommodation and friendliness of the staff. Our room on the 11th floor was comfortable, well equipped and clean and whilst the view from our window was not extensive we could see a short stretch of the Hudson river between the buildings opposite. The Times Square area with its many theatres is close by and Central Park is within walking distance. A subway station on a corner near the hotel has a direct service to Ground Zero and the financial district for those interested. For eating I can commend the Olympic diner right across 8th Avenue for an good and inexpensive breakfast and the Pigalle restaurant adjoining the hotel where we had two excellent evening meals. I would definitely recommend the hotel to anyone making a short visit to New York.	
Jul 15 2009 	Wonderful place to stay	My husband and I stayed here from Jul 1-4. We had a fantastic trip to NYC, the hotel was great, it had everything we needed, and the staff was very friendly. I met a lot of people from all over, and they were all very pleasant. I like the internet room, very convenient. Our room was great, it had everything we needed, and the bed was very comfortable, we slept like babies. The location was perfect, right on the bus route, and right around the corner from Times Square. There’s plenty of selection for restaurants and stores. We would definitely go there again. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is going to be visiting NYC.	
Jul 15 2009 	Given the reviews it was extremely disappointing. Won't go back!	After doing what seemed like hours of research, we settled on this hotel for a last minute trip. Due to health reasons (I am on an organ transplant list), we cannot at this point plan extended vacations or vacations far in advance, but are trying to make the most of things.I won't go into all of the unnecessary details, but I believe that the beginning and end of our trip sum the entire experience up in a nutshell. Our car arrived at the hotel, and I was already so ill from the flight and car rides that I tripped and fell out of the car onto the sidewalk. I took a moment to gather myself and calm down my young kids, and proceeded to make it to my feet. Looking into the hotel, not more than 15 feet away, I saw the Doorman, and, according to my family, he had been watching the entire experience. Now, I understand that this is NYC, and perhaps I shouldn't expect much in terms of empathy from the staff. However, I don't feel that it is unreasonable to expect him to either assist with our baggage, or call someone over to do so. Instead, he just smiled, turned his back, and walked away. I truly couldn't believe what I was seeing. We did manage to get the bags inside and then someone else saw us and came over and took them to the room. Quite a way to say &quot;Welcome to the Big Apple!&quot;The end of the trip closely mirrored the beginning. I soon realized that, much to the disappointment of my young children and wife, I couldn't do as much sightseeing as I had hoped. But I certainly did not want to ruin their trip, so from time to time I sent them on their way and relaxed in the room to try to gather more strength. Once I realized that I would have to miss some of the sights on our last day, I went to the front desk. The customer DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF ME was asking for a late check-out (2PM) for the next day. The counter person told her that it wouldn't be a problem at all. When I requested a late check out, I can only assume that the desk clerk thought that I was only doing so because she had done the same for the person in front of me. I, therefore, received a direct &quot;no&quot; to the request. I explained a bit of the situation, and she would not budge. Finally, I told her about my physical condition, and that I really had no other place to go. Begrudgingly, she agreed... But made it quite clear that she was not happy in doing so. Again, a fitting way to send me off with a &quot;We hope you will come back soon!&quot;I won't bother anyone with the events in between the two. I also won't bother this particular hotel with my presence in the future!	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Hotel for a Great Price	When reviewing hotels I am a big believer in equating expectations with star ratings and price. I find that on Tripadvisor many people will take a two star $89/night hotel room in a major city and review it as if its a $700 room at the Ritz; picking the poor thing apart and forgetting that there is a reason that it's a two star and cheap.With this is mind, you will not get much in Manhattan nicer and for better value then this 3 star Hilton. We stayed there during the first week of July and had a great time. We chose it largely for its reasonable price and excellent Tripadvisor reviews. Our room was clean and comfortable, the staff great and the location perfect for our needs. The Garden Inn is located in the heart of the theatre district, close to Times Square and a few minutes walk from several different subway stations. It is located on 8th Avenue which is a busy street but our room was on the backside and quiet. We heard the fire engines maybe 5 times during our stay and didn't find them intrusive at all. We both loved the bed and found the room with its fridge, flat screen tv and desk all we needed for a very comfortable stay. The free computer access was also very valuable as we were able to stay connected to family and business as well as print off our boarding passes when the sad time came for us to leave.The only non complaint we could possibly have was that the washroom was small but then again I remember that it’s a reasonably priced three star in a very expensive city.When we come back to New York we will definitely stay here again as both of us left with the feeling &quot;Wow, we found a little gem in this place.&quot;	
Jul 14 2009 	All the good that has been said is true.	My wife and I along with my sister and her husband spent 5 days here over the 4th of July holiday. We used TripAdvisor reviews to make our selection and could not have been happier with the staff, facilities and location. The housekeeping staff was extremely friendly and all employees were eager to be of assistance. We've already recommended the hotels to friends who'll be in NYC later this month and will definitely stay here on our next visit.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Place to Stay in NYC	This was our first trip to NYC and after reading many reviews, we decided on this location and we were very happy with it. Walking distance to Times Square, Subway,&amp; many great resturants. Check in and out went very well, and they have a nice area with a computer &amp; printer you can use to print your boarding pass if needed. Staff very friendly and helpful. Room was on the 15th floor &amp; very nice with great views. Size of room was good &amp; even had 1 desk chair and 1 easy chair to sit in. Bathroom was big enough for one and toiletries Neutrogena brand &amp; plentiful. Good resturants next door Pigalle and a few doors down Thalia. Highly recommened doing the On &amp; Off City sights bus tour.	
Jul 13 2009 	Exceeded Expectation!	Stay Here! Location, Location, Location, and price! I was thoroughly impressed with my recent stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. The hotel is located only one block from the center of Times Square and in short walking distances from other major NYC attractions. (Theaters, Empire State Building, Central park, etc.) The customer service received at the HGITS was top notch from start to finish. The guest room was nicely decorated, clean, and comfortable. The room was smaller than some other King rooms I have stayed in but for the price and location it served our purposes. I was able to secure a room at this Hilton Garden Inn for quite a few $$$ less than comparable hotels in the same area. I highly recommend this hotel for tourist travelers and theater patrons.	
Jul 13 2009 	Good location near Time Square	Very nice location at one block from Time Square. Don't hesitate to ask for a room on the top floors because the noise of the metro is very present!Our room was just above the reception floor and it was for me impossible to fall in sleep without sleeping pill and earplugs...However it was a good choice and you wi'll find the metro on the 50th street and 8th avenue.Free internet access and a nice restaurant &quot;à la française&quot; give this hotel a very good price/valueTwo queen beds with a good quality and that's it!	
Jul 13 2009 	40th Bday celebration at Hilton Garden Inn a BLAST	I recently returned from a FABULOUS stay in NYC to celebrate my 40th. We stayed at HGI Times Square and it couldn't have been a better location! The rooms were spacious, clean and the beds extremely comfortable. The concierge and staff (especially Donald, Michael, and Jon) were most helpful with directions, subway navigating and suggestions for restaurants. Carmines is a must to try! I would highly recommend this hotel for a great stay! We will definitely be returning!	
Jul 10 2009 	Great hotel- excellent location!	My husband and I just returned from New York and a 3 night stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. We really enjoyed this hotel!!! Typically when we have gone to NYC in the past we have stayed at &quot;W&quot; hotels in Times Square and Union Square so I was a bit concerned that we wouldn't like this hotel. I was completely wrong.The King room was spacious and well appointed. The bed was comfortable and upscale. I am a Hilton Gold Member so we had a free breakfast at Pigalle every morning which had many options (yay- no buffet!!!) Internet access was free. They have a nice free business center and a 24 hour market pantry. The location is right near restaurant row, the subway, and Times Square. It is far enough away that it is fairly quiet. We were on the 11th floor and heard no street noise at all.I would definitely stay here again!!!	
Jul 10 2009 	Great Experience	After spending many nights in substandard rooms, this is an oasis! Squeeky clean rooms, great bed and perfect location. Many extras that make this a tremendous value, but it's the staff that impressed me most. They went the extra mile to make sure we had everything we needed, including directions and even helped order train tickets to Boston. Don't forget the free breakfast!	
Jul 9 2009 	Prime location great value	Wonderful central location within easy walking distance or subway ride to all of Manhattan, from Central Park to Battery Park, excellent home base for Broadway show-going and sampling NYC's cornucopia of world-class restaurants. The Food Emporium across 49th Street from the hotel is a wonderful deli/grocery store for a quick breakfast (fresh bagel with a schmear of cream cheese, coffee or juice), snacks, dessert pastries, etc.Donald the bellman was an unusually bright ray of sunshine, going out of his way to greet us personally during our stay, The other bellmen, front desk, and security were also attentive and professional.Pigalle is the independent brasserie next door, connected to the hotel lobby. We found the breakfasts there full-sized, speedy, and convenient for the early, middle, and last days of our stay. The decor and wide-open French doors to the street reminded us of Paris.Our fourth-floor room facing 8th Ave. was close enough to street level that we occasionally heard the low rumble of the 8th Ave. subway line, but it was not obnoxious. We could hear some of the street noise at night, but it wasn't enough to keep us up (we thought of it as the lullaby of Broadway!). The Serta Perfect Sleeper beds and linens were, well, perfect. The small safe (with key) in the closet was very convenient for small valuables. The Neutrogena amenities were a nice touch. We could hear our neighbors' showers come on in the morning but not their TVs or conversations.The concierge service (we talked with two different staff during our stay) was knowledgeable and friendly, as were most of the service workers we encountered in the city.The hotel's &quot;business center&quot; is a tiny room with a row of four Internet-connected PCs connected to a networked color printer, very handy for purchasing and printing Empire State Building and Statue of Liberty tickets in advance (recommended if you want to avoid hours of standing in lines). The room also has a fax machine and some basic office supplies.The second-floor fitness center is a small room with a row of treadmills and a weight machine, with a single flat-screen TV. It was chilled to meat-locker temperature on the day I checked it.	
Jul 8 2009 	Positive reviews are correct	Stayed for a week at this hotel. Agree with all the positive reviews about this hotel. As all pro's for this hotel (staff, location etc) have been named, i'll just mention the only negative aspect we experienced: noise. Our first room was at the back of the hotel on the 6th floor. 3 floors down is an air vent of the restaurant below. We could hear it through our earplugs, so we asked to be moved. They gave us a room facing 8th ave on the 9th floor which was much better.We paid 149.95 + tax, a great deal. Will stay here again!	
Jul 7 2009	Wrong room and preferences ignored	My Partner lives on 44th street, but when I’m in town, we often stay at a hotel, but it’s too complicated to explain why. I’ve stayed here on a few previous occasions; it’s nothing special, just a standard HGI on 8th Avenue.However, this stay will probably be my last at this establishment. Up until this year, I have been a Hilton Hhonors Diamond member, but the service at many of the Hilton Family hotels has gone down hill remarkably in the last couple of years and an incident at the beginning of 2008 lead me to start reducing my Hilton stays as I the service was not up to standard. Being a supposedly Diamond VIP, the treatment wasn’t good enough and I am now spreading my business around. So this year I was downgraded to Gold VIP, but statues seems to mean nothing at hotels like this anyway. Don’t get me wrong, there are many good Hilton Family Hotels, but ones like this let all the others down. Having worked all day in London, I had taken a late flight to JFK and eventually got to the hotel well after midnight. I had advised the hotel when I made the reservation, that I would be arriving late. I had booked a King bedded room and my Hhonors profile has, that I like a high floor away from the lift/elevator. When I got to my room, I discovered, it had two double beds, was on a low floor and right by the elevator. Being late and being tired after a very long day, I just went to bed. I intended to sleep in the next morning and as an Hhonors Gold member I had the option of having a complementary breakfast or additional Hhonors points, so I took the points.When I checked out the following day, I complained about my room, but the person behind the counter didn’t really know how to handle it. I wrote a complaint and eventually got a reply from the hotel which wasn’t satisfactory, something about the person who had due to check-out of the room I had been allocated decided to stay on and they were unable to give me what I had booked and asked for. I know that rooms are usually allocted early in the afternoon and if that is the case what is the point of being a Gold VIP when they made no effort to even try and apologies when I checked in. So, did I believe this story, NO. It was more of the take it or leave it attitude that some hotels have adopted in the last few years when their business was booming.I also had to complain that when the stay was posted to my Hhonors account, the additional points for not taking the breakfast were not there. I was also told that they would send me a free night stay certificate to compensate me, but I stayed on May 22nd and it is now the end of the 1st week in July, so if it doesn’t arrive, it only reaffirms my opinion of this hotel. Others seem happy having stayed at here, but maybe that got the rooms and service that they were expecting	
Jul 4 2009 	WELL WORTH THE PRICE	Room was nice and clean but nothing fancy. The small refrig was nice as was the morning coffee. The location was close to Times Square and other NYC destinations we visited. The staff was helpful and even called to be sure our visit was going well after the first night. Beds were very comfortable and we slept great. Only downside was the restaurant, where the wait staff was not friendly and the food not worth the price especially with so many other better restaurants close by (try Juniors for great cheesecake.)	
Jul 3 2009 	Great Location - Nothing to write home about.	Great location. Super close to time square but away from the crowds. Subway close. Plenty of nearby everything. great place to stay if you are in town to see Theater. Apart from some pealing wall paper in the smallish bathroom the decor was nice. Not spectacular but not offensive, which is so often the case in Hotels in this price range. Staff was friendly. We had very little interaction with them, the true test is how the solve problems, but we had no problems to resolve.	
Jul 2 2009 	Great Hotel	Awesome hotel, I usually only do Hiltons but was not expecting to find a Hilton in NYC at last minute for a reasonable price, but was surprised when I saw the HGI for a Saturday night stay including parking for around $150.Staff were really friendly, checked us in early which was awesome. Room itself had a queen bed, lovely Hilton pillows and sheets, love them. There was no view from room, only of a brick building and a back alley, but who cares, cause you don't come to NYC to stay in your room. It's only a block to Time Square, so location was awesome, will keep this hotel in mind for location, price and service.	
Jul 2 2009 	THIS is where you need to stay...	Yes! The positive reviews here on TripAdvisor are right on target. This is a great place to stay during a NY visit. The location can't be beat--a couple of blocks off of Times Square, only about 10 blocks south of Central Park, an easy walk over to the pier to catch the boat tours, only about 5 blocks from Rockefeller Center...you get the idea! The staff was extremely helpful, always ready to answer questions. This is the only place I've ever stayed where, upon checkout, I was asked &quot;what can we do better?&quot;, even after telling them how much we enjoyed our stay. Our room was clean and comfortable, and the noise was not a problem at all (we were on the 9th floor facing 8th Ave.). Our $150/night rate was so much better than anything else that was decent... Bottom line--this is the place to stay if you want to have a great NY visit!!! We will be back, for sure!	
Jun 30 2009	Perfect location very modern great service	4th trip to NYC - I will always stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square, mostly because of the location. The room was a decent size and very clean and modern. The service was great. We walked to times square, rockefeller center, bryant park, central park, hells kitchen and a major subway stop is 2 blocks away. Very reasonably priced.	
Jun 30 2009 	Hilton Garden Inn Times Square is a steal!!	Two adults and a 16 yr old stayed at the HGI Times Sqaure for 3 nights in June. Hotel was clean, staff was more than helpful, room was a good size for NYC but the best asset was the microwave and fridge in the room!! Location was perfect for seeing Broadway shows and wandering around Times Square. Fire station was next door but we heard nothing during the night. Free wifi in the room and lobby. There's no doubt that we wil stay here again.	
Jun 28 2009 	Good hotel easy access with metro	Stayed for one week while visiting New York. Got upgraded to exec which was great :-)Hotel was nice, clean and silent even there were many people staying there. View from windows isn't that nice, but that's what it is in big city-hotels...Breakfast is served downstairs in separate restaurant. Enormous servings with a lot of pan fried potatoes - not for you if you are on a diet :-)You can get good deals from Internet...	
Jun 26 2009 	So happy to have discovered this hotel-could not be better!	I decided to stay at the hotel thanks to all the great reviews at tripadvisor. The location is great--yes, it's close to Times Square which can be a bit touristy, but you're on 8th which puts you only a block from all the great restaurants on 9th. You can also walk a block and jump on the subway to take you out of the touristy area. It's a quick walk to Rockefeller Center/5th Ave, Central Park, etc. And if you are planning to go to the theatre, it is super close to the shows. For example, one night we went and saw Chicago which is literally around the corner from the hotel. The room was very clean. The room was a nice size compared to some of the smaller hotels I've stayed at in the city. The bed was comfortable and I never had a bad night's sleep. The room is great-you get a fridge, a nice tv, a great desk area, etc. We were on the 6th floor facing 8th St, and the street noise was very minimal. I love street noise in NYC, but it was actually a treat to have it so quiet in the room. The staff is super nice--they gave such a warm greeting when we arrived. They were very accommodating and friendly. There is a nice business center downstairs so we were able to check into our flight from there. There is also complimentary wi-fi which is a plus.Overall, I was so very pleased with this hotel. I definitely plan on staying there and have already recommended it to many friends.	
Jun 24 2009 	Super Nice Hotel	Ditto to what everyone else has said - this is a very nice property, great location, nice staff and great quality for the price.	
Jun 23 2009 	Nice Hotel	Everything was great. The staff was helpful. The view was not good.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great place to stay	Having just reurned from my 7th visit to New York City and having stayed in various hotels around the Midtown/ Times Square area, I have to say that this gem has by far been the best place I have stayed. The faccilities, location, ammenities, service and staff are all of the highest standard and well deserving of the very high rating from all the travellers who have commented. I will definately be using this Hotel in the future and strongly urge anyone visiting New York to seriously consider this hotel for the duration of their stay :-) very very pleasant experience.J and K Scotland UK	
Jun 22 2009 	excellent	Me and my partner stayed here in february for our anniversary, and it was great. The rooms are huge compared to most hotels in new york, and they are very modern. The beds are massive &amp; very comfortable, and the rooms have everythng you need - fridge (very handy), a microwave, flatscreen tv with plenty of channels, internet access and even a games console for a fee. Downstairs there is a handy shop with all the basics, but for what you can't find in there you are sure to find in one of the millions of nearby grocery stores.As for the location - it couldn't be any more perfect. About 10 minutes walk and you're at central park, and 10 minutes in the opposite direction you're at madison square garden. 1 minute to times square and not much longer to 5th avenue shops, &amp; It's right by broadway too so if you're planning on going to see a show it's brilliant.New york is one of the best places i've ever been, it's a completely different world from london. If you want a great hotel with a great location then look no further, hilton garden inn has comfortable and clean rooms that refuel you for the next day of endless walking.p.s. - service is great too - friendly and helpful, but not always in your face trying to get a tip off you for things you don't need. thanks hilton!	
Jun 21 2009 	Excellent Staff	Completely agree with all POSITIVE reviews. Hotel is exactly as everyone says....location, amenities, spacious, clean, etc....all very good!I would like to comment on the staff. Front desk, bellmen, housekeeping, concierge are all wonderful! So helpful and friendly with such positive attitudes. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 21 2009 	Brilliant location	This was our first time in New York and I think we chose well.This hotel is brilliantly situated -it's only a block away from Times Square with theatres, shops and restaurants. It's a 10 minute walk away from Central Park and 15 minutes in the opposite direction to Madison Square Gardens and Macey's.The rooms are adequate with a comfy bed and well equipped with WiFi,microwave,fridge, a coffee maker,a desk and a flat screen tv. A huge plus was that the breakfast was included and could be taken until 11.30am. There was a good choice and the breakfast was served in the adjoining French style restaurant which was open all day and evening.My only criticism is that even though we booked a non smoking room there was only a smoking room available when we arrived so we had to use that but they did move us to a non smoking room without too much trouble the next day.A well located, good value hotel which we would definitely use again.	
Jun 19 2009 	Fantastic Location!	We used our Hilton Points for this stay so I can't comment on value, all other aspects of this hotel were fantastic. We arrived early and they were able to accomodate us with an early check in which was terrific! Our room was fantastic - two queen beds in Times Square - Queen, not double! The room was surprisingly large for Manhattan and had all the amenities - including a small fridge and microwave. That was wonderful for keeping drinks, yogurts, etc. to help offset food costs and for heating up leftovers - Food portions in the U.S. are HUGE! The location was terrific - we were one block away from the 49th street Subway station from where we could go almost anywhere - 10 minute walk from Central Park, MOMA and 30Rock. Broadway theatres all around us and the craziness of Times Square just around the corner.	
Jun 17 2009 	Loved the location	What more you can ask for in terms of hotel location. In the heart of manhattan, where you can reach anywhere on foot - be it madam tussad's museum, empire state building or toysauraz showroom. I had previous nice experience in staying at hilton hotels and that was another factor in deciding to choose hilton again.Almost everything pleased me like the food, the service of front desk and the housekeeping, the fitness room etc. and the only things that need improvement here is that the hotel does not have a pool which we missed very much and the parking is too costly. The other notable point was that being in the midst of downtown, there is no significant view from the room and to top it, we opened the window of the room, lot of street noise started coming to our room and we had to close it.The restaurant, Pigelle, is excellent located within the hotle and you can view the passing parade on Eighth avenue.	
Jun 13 2009	great location	one cannot ask for a better location in manhattan, new york. the entire excitement unfolds as yo step out of the hotel.the bars, restaurants, shopping, sight seeing is right there.room was good, small though.	
Jun 11 2009 	Good location and comfortable room	It is within a few blocks of Times Square and the Theater District and Rockefeller Plaza. And there is a parking garage right next door (be warned though, you may not access your car until your departure so double check you have everything you need).At night the security guards ask everyone to flash their room key, so it made us feel a little safer. The room has a microwave, fridge, safe, desk, and complimentary wifi. The beds were very comfortable (although we were dead tired from walking around so much). The bathroom was a little cramped, but still had sink space.We ate breakfast at the nearby Pax and the Olympic Diner across the way (a good, cheap, hot meal)Other reviews mention the fire station next door as a negative, but we hardly heard any noise on the 10th floor. Pay a little extra for a higher floor.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great Stay!	All the other positive reviews are right on! This is a great hotel for a moderate price in the Theatre District.The rooms are large for NYC, great bed, micro and fridge, plus it is QUIET. We requested a room away from the elevator and away from the fire station. Almost no noise during the day, and virtually none at night. The staff are great, extremely friendly and very helpful. The concierge was very helpful on giving me subway routes that were better than I had figured out from the subway map. They even have a little form that they give you with the trains to take in both directions to and from your destination. Also, great restaurants all over the place by hotel, and only a block or so from the half-price ticket booth for Broadway plays and Times Sq. A great hotel in a great location! p.s. They have a smoking floor, which we requested since my wife is a smoker. This is hard to find and a blessing for the smokers out there. They will even give you an ionizer if you want for odor control. Overall the smoking floor had very little smoke odor and was totally acceptable to me and I am not a smoker.	
Jun 9 2009 	One of the best kept secrets in NYC	Kudos to Mr. Timothy Dowd, General Manager, and his staff, for making our stay so enjoyable!! This hotel is one of the best values we have found in NYC. The location is great (only half a block from Times Square), the staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms are like new, spotless and well appointed, and spacious compared to other accomodations in town. The adjustable mattress was extremely comfortable, the mini fridge and microwave are a plus, and we enjoyed the flat screen TV. This was a great experience for a GREAT rate that was well below what most decent hotels charge in The Big Apple. There are many restaurants right around the corner and in case you don't want a full dinner, there is a large store right across the street that specializes in &quot;food-to-go&quot; (for those late night munchies!). This was a leisure trip, but for those of you business guys and gals, the room is well appointed with a nice desk and a GREAT ergonomic chair. We will certainly come back to the Hilton Garden Inn and are eager to recommend this hotel to all of our friends and family.	
Jun 6 2009 	Fantastic Hotel and Location	We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights May 14-20th. I would say it was the best place we have stayed in our 6-7 trips to the city. We mainly go to NY for theatre, dining and shopping and I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again, even if the rates went a little higher than we paid.I found all of the staff really friendly. The room was very, very spacious for NY standards. The bed was very comfortable, and again extremely clean by NY standards. I liked being able to get starbucks coffee...for free!!! before 10am each morning. I also found it to be quiet and completely comfortable for the 6 days. The best part was the location. I think its far better to be on this side of broadway. The restaurants are fantastic. The one attached to the hotel so-so (although part of a chain, we ate brunch at Marseille and it was great.) There is a great Italian restaurant called 44S, at 44th street. Amazing lady owns the restaurant, and the most authentic outside of Italy. Other restaurants in the area are all good. There is a great park like area just one block over. Great spot to go in the afternoon when you feel a little tired from all sightseeing, eating etc. Very close obviously to all the theatres.We don't tend to spend a lot of time in a hotel in a city like NY, but this time we did use the Fridge/microwave. The trendy food emporium was great for getting OJ and muffins to have w coffee. Stock the fridge with some drinks.Again I would not hesitate to recommend the hotel. Even if I had a lot more disposable income, I think I would still look at staying here over even some of the supposed 5 star hotels.	
Jun 4 2009 	Very Clean and Good Location	At a good location minutes from everything you could possibly want. Service in the hotel is second to none. If you enjoy Indian food go to the &quot;Jewel of India&quot;.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great midtown location	I have to travel to NYC at least five times a year and this hotel is now my favorite. It is close enough to theatres and Times Square without plopping you down smack in the middle of the chaos. Rooms are clean and nice sized. Beds are heaven (as they say.) The Pigalle restaurant and bar is attached which makes for a convenient start and end to the day. As a business traveller, I love the free wireless! Also love being closer to the great restaurants on 9th Ave. No worries staying here... book and sleep well!	
Jun 3 2009 	Great Location	Right in theater district. Waling distance to all theaters. Request a room in back so as to avoid the noise on 8th Ave. If you are a Hilton Honors Gold, you will get free breakfast vouchers for restaurant next door. Good. Staff VERY helpful.	
Jun 2 2009 	What an amazing place to stay!	I can not say enough about this little hotel in the heart of Times Square. I felt that my room was VERY affordable..at $150 a night. It's located just one block behind the heart of Times Square on 8th &amp; 48th. The hotel was spotless, the rooms were huge and very nice - for NY standards. And...I have stayed in many other hotels in NYC and this is the first hotel that had 'sound proof' rooms. I couldn't hear the street noise or even the fire department next door. To top it all off...I'd mentioned in passing that i was in town for my bday to their front desk receptionist (Abigail) who then sent a free breakfast voucher to my room. So sweet! Then...my flight was cancelled out of LaGuardia and I was already checked out and at the airport when I found out. I called the hotel &amp; they told me to come on back - and even offered me another free breakfast because of my problem! Staff is top notch and the hotel is gorgeous. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone!!	
May 31 2009 	Very highly recommended Midtown hotel	This hotel prides itself on customer service. Everyone is friendly and efficient with a &quot;can do &quot; approach.The location is great and away from the central Times Square madness and is close to some good restaurants, theatres and the subway.The rooms are comfortable with free internet and are double glazed quiet. The king beds are great. There is also a microwave and fridge (no minibar) so you can stock up on your own things.Bathroom is not huge but modern and clean.The hotel is attached to the restaurant next door (Pigalle) which seems popular for both guests and non guests with a diner style menu.Having stayed in other supposed 5* hotels in the area you can't beat this 3*+ one for value and comfort.	
May 30 2009 	Great stay great location.	The hotel was in a great location, short walk to Times Square, Port Authority and also subway. There were coffee making facilities, microwave, iron and board and wi-fi in the room. There were two queen beds in my room as I was sharing it with a friend. The bed was extremely comfy - fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow! Overall condition of room was very good. Shower was powerful and bathroom was clean with hairdryer. The room was on the 3rd floor so did hear the subway occasionally but didn't wake me up or affect anything. My friend and I arrived at the hotel about 12:30am and were checked in immediately. A taxi from Newark to the hotel (via Dial 7 who I would definitely recommend - great car, reliable and quick service/friendly driver) it cost $46 as booked in advance plus $11 toll and then tip on top of that. We were only there for a couple of days as it was essentially a shopping trip but we found it really easy to get around here there and everywhere. We ended getting a bus to Newark airport from Port Authority which is a 5 minute walk from the hotel (with luggage!) and that cost just $15 taking about an hour when we left at 5:30pm.Would recommend this hotel if you just want somewhere comfy and clean to sleep that is in a convenient location.	
May 29 2009 	Best Times Square area hotel in NYC	I had asked for a high floor near the elevator, and got a terrific King-bed room on the top floor facing 8th Ave, with no noise problems. Bell staff and front desk staff were really nice! My room was ready at 11am - took me right up. I asked the front desk when their cookies would be available in the lobby. They said they would have some delivered to my room, and sure enough after a day of sightseeing, I came back to my room to find 3 cookies wrapped in a napkin! Got a great room rate with my AAA discount. Every staff person I ran into said hello, asked if I needed anything, etc. Got extra coffee packs on 2 occasions from the cleaning staff - very nice! Security in the lobby checked to make sure you had a key before getting in the elevators - nice to know. Room had a nice large fridge, microwave and coffeemaker. So could buy some things at the local delis, and bring back. Would definitely come here again - the cookies every afternoon are such a great treat as well!	
May 27 2009 	Overall great value and location	Did not spend much time in the rooms, but they were above average. Very modern. The beds were very comfortable, there were nice 42' flat screen tvs, and fridge. The hotel is 1-2 blocks from the heart of times square. The bellmen are very helpful (except for 1) with directions, transportation options and of course making everyone feel welcomed. I will def be staying here again.	
May 24 2009 	Excellent location nice room	We just stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square for 3 nights on the 10th floor with a view of 8th AVE. Very nice clean room and bathroom, no noise or other problems, free wii-fi, flat-screen tv with numerous channels, good beds with great pillows. Staff were very friendly and helpful at all times. We had requested an early check in online, and our room was ready when we got there.The location is great, within walking distance of Times Square, Restaurant row (46th str), most theaters. There is a metro station across the street, but there are no maps or prices in the stations, so prepare before you venture in it. The hotel has a restaurant Pigalle attached, the food is ok, but pricey and the tables are very close to each other. Across the street is a nice tratorria with a $28.95 fixed price menu and a diner with good breakfast. Also, the grayline tour office is across the street, for different tours with a doubledecker bus. When going to the Empire State BLDG, pay the extra money for the EXPRESS PASS, this allows you to go to the front of every line, we were in and out in 45 minutes, even though there were very long lines!I highly recommend this hotel for a nice stay in the BIG APPLE.	
May 23 2009 	A Pleasant Surprise	This hotel was a pleasant surprise, not being what I was expecting from a central New York hotel and certainly somewhere I would seriously consider staying again.Staff were excellent, very welcoming and always willing to assist. As I was going down to Washington DC for a few days before returning to New York, the hotel very kindly held onto by luggage for me. Room was large, comfortable and clean although I felt the bathroom was a bit small. Free wi-fi in room plus free business centre is a huge plus (why can't Hilton provide this worldwide?). No noticeable noise issues (14th floor first few days then 15th floor on return trip), although fire engines from the station next door did ruin a couple of nights sleep.Only issue was that as the restaurant is open to non-residents for breakfast, it was often difficult to get a table when I wanted one. The tables are also very close together so I did feel I was imposing on my neighbours at times. Restaurant staff were very attentive though.	
May 21 2009 	Could you find a better location? No way!	Steps from the subway line, this hotel is built for people wanting to go see the city. While not in Times Square proper, this location offers all the perks with none of the annoyances. Ask for a high level floor, and you'll sleep in one of the quietest rooms in Manhattan. Even being next to a fire station, you'd never know it. Front end staff can be a bit harried at times, but the bellman are first rate. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.	
May 21 2009 	Great value 	This hotel is a great value for the location. Clean room and bath. Comfortable bed. Courteous staff, expecially the bell staff. Nice lobby. Convenient to Times Square, theater district, uptown and downtown subway. Parking garage is next door and reasonable for Manhattan. Only drawback - snooty hostess at Pigalle restaurant for breakfast - didn't eat there because of their attitude.	
May 21 2009 	Not as Bad as I thought.....	So we decided to take off to NYC as a spurt of the moment trip. We had no idea where to stay or what was good, as we had never been to NYC. We stayed at the Hilton Garden INN Times Square and it was actually really good. For one of the cheaper hotels, we thought it was going to be a dump, too small and rude service. However, this hotel was really clean, the beds were comfortable and staff was REALLY friendly!This hotel is right in the middle of all the action...exactly a two minute walk from times square.If you have never been to NYC and need a place to be..this is it! It was really good and worth every penny paid.I will definately be staying there again!	
May 18 2009 	Excellent!	This hotel is one of the best I've ever stayed in. All the staff are so friendly and helpful and know the answer to any question you have. The security guys in the lobby are very cool! The rooms are clean, spacious and comfortable - the beds are so nice! The restaurant and food is great - the breakfast that is included is very good. The location is perfect - Times Square right around the corner.Would definatly recommend this hotel to absolutley anyone! I will definatly go back here next time.	
May 16 2009 	Great value and location.	Booked this hotel after reading Tripadvisor reviews and lived up to expectation. Staff were very friendly and helpful at all times. This is not a luxury hotel yet the rooms were very clean, beds comfortable and the location could hardly be bettered for the nightlife in New York City. Thoroughly recommend.	
May 10 2009 	Excellent!!!!!	I stayed in the hotel in 2004. Returned in May 6, 2009.We were treated very well by the employees. The rooms are clean, neat, well decorated. Security is very good.	
May 8 2009 	Beware of the Fire Station	This hotel is in a good location about 2 blocks from the heart of Times Square. The rate I paid was good - $190.00. As I was walking up 8th Avenue trying to imagine where this hotel could be located, I suddenly saw the Hilton sign. As I continued walking, I passed by a fire station and quickly remembered a horrible experience I had at this location - not the Hilton. You see, this used to be a Holiday Inn. It is not unusual to hear sirens during the night in NYC. However, when you are staying next to a Fire Station, you can be assured you will definately hear every siren blazing past the hotel. The service at this hotel is exceptional. They try very hard to make your stay nothing short of wonderful. That said, I was able to get a room on the 15th - top - floor. The room faced 8th avenue and would have been better if it faced the back of the hotel. The room itslef was very clean, comfortable, the flat screen tv was excellent and furniture was in excellent condition. The adjoining restaurant did nothing for me. Thank goodness there was a Starbucks a short walk down 8th and plenty of restaurant choices in the immediate area. Stay here if you can get a good rate but book your room on the top floor facing the rear hotel away from the fire station.	
May 8 2009 	Weekend getaway in NYC	We were a little concerned what we might find when we checked in, due to the low rate (138+ for a Sunday Night.), but all was well. We had requested a early check in on line, and our room was ready when we got there at Noon. The room was large, clean, and newly furnished. And the location was great. Don't know if they had a bar or restaurant, but you could throw a stone and hit 50 of them from the front door.	
May 3 2009 	Great Location	We spent three nights at this hotel for a long weekend. It was an excellent location to explore Manhattan. It's located right in the corner of the Theatre District, Times Square, and Hell's Kitchen. It's very close to several subway stops which made it very easy to get around. We had a King room overlooking the street. The room was extremely clean and the bed comfortable. The bathroom was very clean and looked like it had been renovated recently. We stayed on the 8th floor. It was pretty quiet during the night except if the fire engines were called out. There's a firehouse right next door. It didn't bother us a bit. The checkin/out was a breeze. Our room also had free wi-fi.I would highly recommend this hotel and location.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great location but stay on an upper floor	We were put in a smoking room. Not sure if we had specified non-smoking when we called to reserve the room, but they definitely didn't ask, because we would have told them non-smoking.They did change the room for us, but we ended up on the second floor, where you can hear the subway go by every minute or so. It's not terribly loud, just a low rumble, but you really noticed it.There is a fire station one block down, so you sometimes get noise from that late at night as well.Other than that it was a great stay -- clean, reasonably nice staff, and a fantastic location -- across the street from a good grocery store/deli, one block from the subway, very close to Times Square. A great home base for exploring the city.But try to get a room on an upper floor.	
Apr 27 2009 	Great place to stay	I loved this hotel. I stayed here with my wife for 9 nights on our first trip to NY, and it was great.The room was really big, with a big screen LCD TV, refrigator, microwave, and a desk. There was free wifi and wired internet access.We stayed on the 5th floor, and we didn't have any problems with noise, of course there's the regular city noise.Location is great, a couple of blocks aways from Times Square, and pretty close to Central Park too. Lots of public transportation options around.I got a NY Super Sale rate, and it was a great value for the price.	
Apr 26 2009 	Nice staff perfect location nice room	My wife and I spent 6 days in the hotel. We selected the hotel based on the many positive reviews and we were not dissapointed. The hotel is perfectly located within walking distance of Broadway theatres, Lincoln Center, Central Park and many other attractions . The rooms are very nice with good beds, flat screen HDTV, coffee machine fridge and microwave oven. We had a room on the 14th floor with a view all the way to the Hudson river. There is free Internet access with PC's available in the lobby for those who did not bring a laptop. The staff was extremely nice. Each time we returned to the hotel we were greeted witl a warm 'welcome back' by the doormen. It is a long time ago we have stayed in a hotel that gave so much value for money.	
Apr 26 2009 	The noisiest room I've ever experienced!	Stayed here 2 nights with son doing college visits. Overall the hotel was great: location, room, service. We drove into the city and parking was right next door for $30/day. The only problem was the noise! We were using Hilton points so maybe we got the worst room location, but I have never stayed in a noisier room. We were on the 2nd floor front and sirens going up 8th avenue went all night. Also, you could actually hear the subway below 8th - I've never been in a hotel where that was the case. Finally, walls between rooms seemed like cardboard. When adjacent room turned on the shower or used any water it sounded light a freight train. And you could hear every word said in the hall, and there was a loud group of students staying down the hall. So I would only stay here again if I were guaranteed a higher floor, maybe on the back. You lose any view but then again, how much time to you spend in your room?	
Apr 25 2009 	Lovely Hotel	Stayed for three nights on business. Hotel is excellent, staff very friendly and price a litle bit higher than some but was worth it. Plenty of food places around and times square few blocks away. Would love to go back!!!!	
Apr 23 2009 	Perfect!! Loved it!!	Hi we stayed here end of november start of december 2008. This was our first time and we both thought it was in the perfect location. I am sure you could find something cheaper but as it was our first time we wanted something a bit special. The size of the room was perfect for a couple, nice huge comfy bed, bathroom nice and clean and unlike some hotels the cleaning staff didn't bother you even when you have the do not disturb sign on the door!! Noise level was at a minimum and i have to admit - probably being our first time - i actually got up and stared like an excited kid when i heard the fire engines! This was the only noise we heard. The weather was kind to us it was very mild, pleasant to do a lot of sightseeing. The location was perfect you were near to a lot of the sights. Good free starbucks coffee/tea on lobby although better get up pretty early to get some. Great Deli down street (toward central park) from hotel, fantastic pizza slices and garlic doughballs!! fab pastries!! Found our way about really easy no probs. We would definitely recommend staying here again!! Fave places, empire state, walking round central park watching ice skating, down 5th avenue, ferry to statue of liberty, shopping!!, just listening to new york people chatting, people watching!!	
Apr 20 2009 	PERFECT PLACE AND TIME	Usually when visiting New York I stay away from Time Square due to the high prices but this time bringing two teenage girls on their first trip to New York I didnt have a choice. The location was perfect, one block from time square, broadway shows and many other attractions. The rooms were typical New York fashion...( small) but the staff was so helpful and polite that you almost wanted to avoid them after four days. By the way dont make the mistake I did by letting the kids talk you into eating in time square, a big mistake services bad and the bill could have paid my light and gas bill and take the subway or use tours ( hop on and off) to visit places.	
Apr 15 2009 	Cultural visit in the heart of Theater District	The location of the hotel is perfect very near times square. And with the metro next block you can reach every point of interest in Manhattan very easy.The rooms are not very large, but cosy. The entire hotel is very clean and friendly. We had been there for one week and haad been satisfied throughout. The hotel restaurant serves huge and good breakfast (no buffet - but good choices).Definitely worth the pricing.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great hotel but not the location is not for us!	The Garden Inn Times Square is a fantastic hotel, the service was wonderful the bell boy's, doormen, reception staff and cleaners always had time to stop and pass the time of day – everyone makes you feel very welcome.We stayed on the 5th floor (the smoking floor – yes there is still a smoking floor, just to confirm after my husband read a post on here saying it was a non-smoking hotel). For the hotel’s location the rooms themselves are fairly quiet, the windows managed to shut out the majority of street noise, after a couple of days the only thing you really noticed was the fire engines going past every now and then and we rarely heard any noise from neighbouring rooms (although we did have a corner room, so only one immediate neighbour), the rooms were cleaned immaculately daily and the cleaners didn’t even try to get you out of your room if you had the do not disturb sign up – unlike other hotels we’ve stayed in and the rooms themselves by far the largest I've ever stayed in in NYC.For us the only downside was the location, but we were aware of this at the time of booking, if this had been my 1st or 2nd visit to NYC the location probably would have been fine, but having been there eight times now the tourist trappings and high prices (extortionate in some places) of Times Square are not for us. If this is what you are looking for I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough, but if you know your way around and you’re not doing any sightseeing etc you may find as we did another hotel in your preferred location may be more suitable. In hindsight we should have kept searching for another hotel further downtown, but this is defiantly nothing to do with the hotel – a great hotel, just in the wrong location for us.	
Apr 13 2009 	BRILLIANT	This hotel has everything you want, short walk to; subway, tour buses, Times Square.........everything is close by. Staff were delightful. Highly recommended.	
Apr 13 2009 	Excellent location	We wanted to see the sights of NYC without needing to travel too much. The Hilton Garden in was perfect, it was in a great location and we could walk to most places or just jump on the nearby subway stations. The rooms were excellent and the price was quite reasonable (we paid upfront, saving a fair bit per night, it worked out at $199US per night), which we thought was well worth it. Also free internet in room is always good.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great location value and service!!	Based on reviews from this site I booked a room here for a week (6 nights). Basically I was in NY for a week on my own and was looking for a hotel with: - Location - Decent bathrooms - InternetThe Hilton Garden Inn had it all with excellent service to boot. The concierge was extremely helpful with tickets (good seats at a Rangers game) and tips. Location wise it is one block off Times Square (thank god for that) and has 2 subway stations within 2 blocks. My view was straight into the back of another building, it was on the 10th floor and away from 8th Av. Which was probably the best option as the noise level was low (by NY standards).The room had a flat screen TV, fridge, free wireless internet, roomservice, good bed, A/C, office desk and a safe. Overall the room was fine – it had slight signs of usage but which hotel doesn’t. The bathroom was good, clean with a decent shower – not gold faucets standard but good and not cramped.In comparison with other hotels the price was very reasonable and I would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great Location	Great loation and very good price. We stayed here for 4 nights in January08. Its the best location you can find if your looking for near Times Square. Turn left out of the hotel then left again and your in Times Square. All the staff were very helpful and room was great.Would highly recommend.	
Mar 29 2009 	Wonderful staff and service with a great location	I spent six nights at the hotel and the hotel staff and service was excellent. I had intended to stay five days but when a snow storm extended my stay, the staff made it easy for me to add an additional day. Also, when I arrived home, the staff had already called called about some medication I forgot in the refrigerator with an invitation to send it to me.The hotel is conveniently located near the theaters and Time Square. The rooms are adequte size, clean and well-kept. The rates can also be a bargain if you track them and book well in advance. The Garrden Inn has become my hotel of choice when I visit NYC.	
Mar 28 2009 	Everything Fantastic	Upon arrival at the Hilton we were advised that they only had a smoking room available for the first night of our stay and that we would be moved to a non smoking room the following morning this wasnt too much of a problem but the helpful reception staff gave us a voucher for a free breakfast in the hotel which was anice touch and the breakfast was thoroughly enjoyed although it was $15pp to buy plus tip,we decided to try the Olympic diner across the road and we went there for the rest of our stay it was around $7pp and was delicious. The hotel room was spacious and fully equipped with coffee maker, fridge and microwave, the room had a large LCD TV and very comfy beds - needed after a hectic days sightseeing. The hotels location was second to none, a couple of minutes walk and we were in Times Square, there was a stop there for the tour buses that i highly recommend. The subway station again was a couple of blocks away and was suprisingly easy to use.Everything about the hotel was fantastici do not have a bad word to say. The doormen, reception staff, waiters, concierge were all so helpful. The hotel also had a business centre that was free to guests and open 24 hours which again was a bonus.I would recommend to anyone and would definately go back.	
Mar 27 2009 	Book It!	My Fiance and I stayed here for five nights in February. We spent alot of time researching different hotels before we went,when we came across the HGI it was everything we were looking for,good rates,it seemed clean,comfortable and had a good location.In my opinion there is no better location in NYC. The hotel is located just off times square which means that you have all the convenience of being in the heart of the action, yet, when you walk outside the street isn't packed full of people scurrying around.We booked a King evolution room through the hotels web site and this had by far the best rate on the internet. We were on the 11th floor and were not disturbed by the traffic outside. The only thing that we did notice was the fire engines as the station is right across the road,however this did not annoy us.Customer service in the hotel is EXCELLENT! They are extremely helpful and courteous at all times.There is a business centre in the hotel lobby which we found extremely convenient as we booked some tickets for attractions online and got them at a better rate. There is also free wifi thorughout the hotel.The rooms were extremely comfortable and clean. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone, rest assured you will be treated like a valued customer.One Tip though, the girl in the shop was EXTREMELY RUDE,we only went in once and we handed the girl $20 ofr something that cost $7 and she gave out to us telling us that a 20 was too big and she huffed a few more times before giving us our change. Needless to say we didnt bother her any more and picked up what ever we needed at the deli across the road.To summarise, if the rates are good book it. Its in a great location,clean comfortable and safe! Enjoy (&quot;,)	
Mar 26 2009 	Fantastic Location and Staff	We really enjoyed our stay at the HGI Times Square. We got a very good rate for NYC and were attracted to the good reviews here. This hotel is about a block off Times Square. it is an easy 5 minute walk to the theaters. The noise from 8th ave was certainly present, but we were surprised it was not worse. We've stayed on higher floors over less busy streets in Chicago and had much worse problems with noise! The room was clean and quiet and comfortable and the staff was very friendly. We had no issues with anything pertaining to the accomodations. They were fairly simple but not cheap or plain. Nice black &amp; white photography of the city was pevelant throught the room and the halls. On our first morning I smelled the distinct scent of cigarette smoke in the bathroom. Someone in an adjacant room had obviously been smoking (it is a smoke-free hotel). after a short while i called the desk and let them know. They were quite concerned and outlined a very specific action plan and promised to follow up with me. Later that afternoon they brought up a snack bag with a nice hand-written note and apologized for the problems. I also got a call from the head engineer as a follow up. I felt this was all fantastic and courteous - even though I was not that upset about it to begin with. It was an example of the fantastic customer service at this hotel. There are so many hotels to choose from in NYC. The Hilton Garden Inn Time Square is a safe bet!	
Mar 24 2009 	New York is the place to be! Hilton Garden Inn A Good Place to Start	Returning to NYC for annual conference following a detour to Philly last year (ugh), I wanted t o try out another hotel. What a great find- tucked away on 8th in Hell's Kitchen, the hotel is a little gem. Staff fabulous and friendly. Engineering calling me to make sure all was ok was a nice touch. Rooms was clean and my windows opened! I love the noise of the city...it is NYC. Yet, when I closed them, the sounds were muted enough to rest. Lovely linens and comfy work station. Room was cleaned promptly every day. I may stay again next year unless my wonderlust leads me to another surprise. But, overall, great location. One ambitious night I hoofed it to Central Park and then back again to Empire State building then back to hotel...i was tired but happy. For all I had to do was pick up phone and have some great Thai food delivered for 20 bucks! NEW YORK I LOVE YOU!	
Mar 16 2009 	Great Location and Friendly Staff	Based on several reviews I’d read on this site, I booked my vacation stay at this hotel due to the location. Honestly, the reviews do not do it justice. The hotel location is fantastic to say the least, particularly if you’re going to see a show on Broadway or just want to take in some sightseeing in midtown Manhattan.In addition to location, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful during my entire stay and the rooms are clean and well-appointed. This was my first trip to New York, but I plan to go more often. At least I know where I’ll be staying. 5 stars! (at least in my book)	
Mar 13 2009	Pretty nice hotel - but there are a few negatives	Overall, I'd say this was a pretty nice hotel with pretty nice staff members. We made a reservation for a room on a higher floor (since I had been warned about the noise) at an additional cost of $10 per night. When we arrived, we were assigned a room on the 4th floor. When I pointed out that I had requested a higher level - and paid a fee for it - the desk clerk was very apologetic and called over a supervisor to attend to the problem. The supervisor was less accommodating and said &quot; I suppose I can move you to the 6th floor&quot; and walked away. We ended up in a room on the 6th floor directly across from the soda and ice machines that rattled constantly through the night. That caused more noise than the fire department next door. The thermostat in the room didn't seem to work correctly, but that was a minor problem.Now for the positives: the location was really convenient. Many nearby restaurants, close to theaters, shopping and the Port Authority bus terminal. The room was pretty much a standard issue hotel room, but the beds were comfortable and there was a microwave and refrigerator which came in handy. We only visited the hotel restaurant once - for breakfast - but it was good and pretty reasonable. When I checked out, I discovered that my bill had been reduced by $10 per night, I am assuming that was because of the original error in room assignment. The doormen/bellmen were very friendly and willing to help. The Concierge made some reservations for us and gave us some good tips for getting a table at other restaurants. Not a bad place to stay, but you might want to bring ear-plugs if you are a light sleeper. But then again, it's New York!	
Mar 6 2009 	Very friendly comfortable hotel very close to Times Sq.	One small issue with room (smell of smoke coming from another room on the floor - entire floor was meant to be non-smoking) which was dealt with very quickly by understanding and most helpful staff.	
Mar 5 2009 	Lovely stay in NY	First time in New York and a Hilton and can say i was homesly impressed. First night we arrived late and had to give us a smoking room which niether me or new Husband liked but as he told us about the room, straight away we were told we can move in morning if we wish. So the next day we were moved from a smoking 5th floor looking at a patio to a non smoking 8th floor looking out over the street.No problems, massive TV, microwave, great comfy bed, bathrooms small but then thats not where you sleep. The only down size is the fire station next door. They do get called out alot but i spose the higher you are, the less you hear.Also the room requests we had written on Expedia had not been read, so didnt received any type of consideration on that. But they do say that isnt guaranteed but would have been nice if they had read it,.So go aead and book, well worth it!	
Mar 3 2009 	Very Nice Hotel .. Perfect but Noisy Location!	We stayed here on our trip to New York City from February 26th to March 2nd. First, let me say the location is PERFECT. The 50th St. Station is one block away with access to the C &amp; E trains. Times Square is a 10 minute walk. There are plenty of restaurants, bars, and local shops all around. Now saying that, be warned that it is a very noisy location. There is a fire department right across the street (that seems to stay pretty busy). So make sure if you are a light sleeper, that you ask for a higher floor room. We stayed on the 3rd floor, and it was pretty much impossible to sleep past 6:30am. As far as the room goes, it was very nice, modern and clean. I've heard stories of NYC hotel rooms being incredibly small, but these rooms are quite spacious. They are the same size as if you were staying in Florida. The hotel staff are very friendly, and the doormen are excellent at getting you a cab or giving directions. I was very pleased with our stay here. Would definately stay again, but maybe on a higher floor.	
Mar 2 2009	The best value ever	This hotel is idealy placed for Times Square and Broadway and it is easy to get anywhere by subway or walk to Central Park. The rooms are spacious and those on the front have an ever interesting view of 8th Avenue in the city that never sleeps. Be above the eighth floor, out of fourteen, well thirteen actually, and the subway will be hardly noticeable but the huge bed will soon get you of to sleep. The Pigalle restaurant attached is convenient and easy to use. The service, especially by the Doormen is always helpful and friendly, and in the rooms is very good. The Conciege Desk will book or arrange all the transport or venues you want. Got a very good deal booking early so was very satisfied with the value for money. I gave them a '10'.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great location - Fantastic Stay	I booked the Hilton Garden Inn after reading reviews on various sites and I was not disappointed. The hotel is literally just off Times Square and is ideally situated for getting to all the major sites in the centre of Manhattan.I caught the Airlink shuttle from JFK which took me right to the hotel door for $18 which I thought was pretty reasonable.Check in was quick and the staff very friendly. The room was great. Two double beds, microwave, TV, fridge and plenty of room.I'd recommend this hotel without hesitation. Also, the Food Emporium next to the hotel has some great food - think of it as a upper end supermarket. Some of the food is a little pricey but everything I bought was delicious and I didn't begrudge paying a little extra.The hotel also has a small business center and you can use this and the internet throughout the hotel for FREE!! The business center also has a printer so great for printing online boarding passes!On checkout day the staff were very obliging and allowed me to check out late for no extra charge as I had a late flight - if only all hotels were as accomodating.All in all a great stay.	
Feb 26 2009 	Excellent all round....would definetly recommend!	We stayed here for 7 nights from 14/2/09-21/2/09 it was kind of a 2nd honeymoon. You can check in from 3pm, but we arrived at 1pm and our room was ready ! Bags taken up by staff !! Brilliant start !!Room was spacious (Ive heard in NY they are often tiny) We were on 14th floor with excellent views, the room was very noisy with the windows open but its New York you cant complain about noise !! There is a fire station right next door so that was the most noise !! The room had nice TV, fridge, microwave and a free safe, coffee machine. Lovely pictures, nicely decorated bathroom was lovely too !! Nice shower !!Room service available, and pay per view movies also very up to date films. We paid $12 to watch Slumdog Millionaire which had only just been released in UK .On our first night there I found a big water bug (looks like a cockroach) in our bathroom ..I didnt complain because it happens!! The Guest Services manager called the next day just to see if we were happy with the room, told him about what I had found,he immediately sent up drinks, popcorn, chocolates &amp; 2 vouchers to have breakfast the next morning ...excellent customer services !The hotel is excellent location wise. On 8th Av W50th....perfect to walk everywhere ! there is a tube station just round the corner which has a line which goes all the way down through Grenwich village and down to ground zero, battery park etc. EVERYTHING is within walking distance from this hotel, Times Square being only a 2 minute walk away !Reception staff are fab, there is a desk where they will organise trips, theatre tickets for you etc. There is also a room with free internet use (4 PC's),We didnt have breakfast included but we were given 2 free breakfast on arrival! The cafe next door is used for breakfasts but it is also open to public as well, it is fantastic ! Breakfasts are beautiful , eggs, bacon, pancakes, waffles, fruit, whatever you need....highly recommend it !!We were not flying home until 10pm so we had to check out at midday, they kept out suitcases for us and organised taxi's for us. You can pay to have your room for longer if you want to but we didnt bother !All in all an excellent hotel, could not complain about anything !! Will definetly return there on our next visit to NY !! xx	
Feb 25 2009 	Loved our stay!!	Great location, good sized rooms, clean, warm, functional. There is a &quot;Food Empory&quot; right in the corner. Excellent when you don't want to spend much in restaurants all the time. One block from Broadway and Times Square, two blocks from metro. Three blocks from Rockefeller Center and Fifth Avenue. We had to wait though when we got there because check-in was at three and we arrived in the morning. Keep in mind this if you have to travel long hours. Restaurant next to the hotel also good. When you get there, specially in Winter, low-season, go to Times Square and bye your tickets to broadway shows there. Practically no lines. If you are going for a week like us, the best tour is the red bus tour. Take it for three days, if you have other tours arranged, if not, take it for the seven days. Includes other tours within this one.	
Feb 25 2009 	Comfortable stay amazing location and great value!	After much investigating into hotels for a family trip to New York we decided on the Hilton Garden Inn. We got a pretty decent price as we paid in full in advance and it was non-refundable. I was slightly concerned that it may not be great for the money we paid but I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms are huge (i managed to see inside 5 rooms for various reasons all all were very spacious) and modern. Lovely comfortable beds and very clean. Gorgeous showers and nice large bathroom.Although we had requested 3 non-smoking rooms, when we arrived it was Saturday night and Valentines day so they only had one non-smoking room available and the other 2 had to be smoking rooms. We werent too happy about this but after investigating the rooms they weren't smelly at all...it was just the corridors which were a bit smelly. After the first night they moved us to non-smoking rooms as requested and managed to put us on the same floor as the rest of our party.The only other problem we experienced was that outside room 1214 which we were moved to, there was a very loud exhaust vent/air con vent which we could hear inside our room. This kept us awake one night and we complained about this. They turned this off after our request, but we did have to remind the evening shift staff on subsequent evenings to get this turned off before we retired to our room to sleep. We did also received 4 complimentary breakfast vouchers for the inconvenience.The breakfast (in the adjoining restaurant) was ok but was expensive for the quality and size of portions. Much better to visit Olympic Diner over the road - great value, friendly and delicious!Hotel staff were really friendly and incredibly helpful and most important of all the location is fab! If you want to be able to explore and reach most tourist spots easily, this is perfect!	
Feb 24 2009 	great location	We had two rooms that connected, and the beds were very comfortable. The staff was very helpful, and we used the business center downstairs. The hotel has a grocery store next door that we used each day. The hotel is very convient to everything. It was clean a great place to stay in NYC.	
Feb 24 2009 	Location Location Location!!!	Recently stayed at the HGI Times Square for 5 nights, family of 5 with 3 teens.I spent months reviewing this site prior to finally booking our trip, and in the main I wasnt disappointed with our choice of hotel.Will start with the cons, of which there were few!: I requested a high floor following reading reports on this site about noise, unfortunately we were placed on the 2nd floor (1st in UK!) We checked in on Friday afternoon and were there holiday weekend. The noise from the fire station close by was heard but wasn't a problem. I heard the subway over the weekend but not that often, although it did wake me on 2 mornings! However, on Tuesday morning when the subway was getting back to normal, no further track closures for repairs and the holiday over, the rumble of the trains was clearly felt and woke up both my daughter and I in the early hours. I would definately demand a higher floor if I was to return to NYC. The other small con was my request (months ago) for adjacent rooms, this was not met. We were on the same floor although the rooms were 10 doors apart. Fortunately the youngest is 13 so this was not an issue, however I can't believe that they could not manage 2 rooms next door!.Now for the Pros: of which there were many!!!Location: - 2 minutes walk to ............Times Square/Broadway/Subway station/Local bars and rest.Restuarant: - although this is technically 'next door' the food was amazing. No it wasn't cheap, but so well worth the money. The staff were excellent, service was excellent, quality was the tops. We ate breakfast here twice, dinner twice, and lunch once. The only thing that stopped us eating here ALL the time was the expense with it being 5 of us!Although attached to hotel, you cannot take alcholic drinks from the bar back into the hotel. Therefore I would recommend utilising the fridge!Staff: - all staff were polite and helpful at all times. I would avoid asking the staff to arrange theatre tickets as these were extrememly pricey. I was told that tickets for Broadway show would be $169 but it was much cheaper to go direct to the theatre and purchase them there. Rooms - Beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept on, would love to have taken them home. Room itself was of a good size with 2 beds in each. Fridge was very useful. Only used the microwave once but was a good idea. Coffee maker - excellent. Bathroom was a bit small but perfectly adequate. Heating/air con worked well. Previous reviewers have mentioned the noise from the ice machine - we didnt hear that as wasn't opposite it but it was noisy next standing next to it. Rooms were cleaned thorougly every day with towels replaced etc. Rooms were cleaned to a high standard, as were all public areas. Coffee: - free coffee every morning from Starbucks - excellent. I would recommend the food emporium (come out of hotel and turn left) 2 seconds away to purchase toasted bagels etc and croissants in the morning, collect the coffee - result is cheap brekkie in the rooms Shop - well stocked (bit pricier than local delis) but opened 24 hours!We had an amazing trip and the location really was the biggest bonus point when you have been walking for hours!!!Please do not hesitate to contact me directly if you require any further information.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great location	We loved this hotel, really central, great service. A little noisy and you can hear the underground trains, but its so convenient its worth putting up with that. Great restaurant next door too!	
Feb 23 2009 	Fantastic location modern clean rooms fantastic service and free internet!	We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn, TImes Square last week whilst visiting the sites of NY. THe hotel was perfect for what we wanted, easily accessible from Times Square, clean, modern, well-equipped rooms and helpful staff. The hotel lobby is modern and offers flatscreen TV, nice lounge area, shop and internet facilities with free colour printer. The staff are so friendly, and happy to assist your visit in any way- the consierge is available every day until 6pm too. Word of warning: if looking for basketball tickets or broadway tickets, then the consierge bumps up the price because their contacts include a mark-up, it's best to search the internet and get the best deals independently. We did this for Basketball tickets (basketball was awesome), and saved $100. They e-mailed the tickets to us at the hotel via ticketmaster.The reception desk also offers free cookies daily, too!	
Feb 19 2009 	Brilliant.	Faultless. Nice staff, location to envy all others, and excellent room as you would expect from a Hilton. I seriously hope the HGI Times Square don't let the many positive reviews affect future stays but I doubt it. Keep up the good work!	
Feb 17 2009 	Great hotel in a great location	This hotel is in a perfect location with being beside Times Square, the bus tour departure point and only a short distance from Central Park. The hotel staff were fantastic, any problems and they sorted the issue instantly. There was one occasion when i had no clean towels, i phoned guest services and within 5 minutes i was given 3 towels. However on the other hand, i had a room at the front of the hotel which can have particular issues with noise. I dont know how or why but you can hear the subway train frquently througout the day/night. Apart from the noise issue the hotel was fantastic, i would recommend it to anybody who was intending staying in New York!	
Feb 11 2009 	Excellent!	We loved our stay here, it was excellent! I was a little worried at first and not sure what to expect. We arrived late at night and got checked in right away. The front desk was extremely friendly and helpful. Our room was nice, and clean. Decent sized with a microwave and fridge. Others have complained about the noise, there is a small amount due to the fire station next door but it was hardly a bother. Perhaps it depends on what side of the building you are facing. We were on the 6th floor facing 48th st and the noise did not bother us. Down in the lobby there is 24 hour free internet service and a little convenience store that is also 24 hours. Our toilet even flooded one day and they came up immediatly and fixed it right away. If we ever come back to new york city, we would definitly stay here again. I loved it!!	
Feb 10 2009 	Living at the HGI Times Sq.	It took me a while to get around to writing this, but want to share my experience at the HGI Times Square as it was an overwhelmingly positive one. For the weekly business traveler it's hard, if not impossible, to find a better deal - a clean, quiet hotel close to the subway which has a small but nice exercise room with modern cardio equipment (each unit has it's own tv screen). There are many very close by dining options (of course, it's Manhattan) and the rooms were spacious (for NYC), tidy, and comfortable.There is plenty of entertainment close by, and getting down to the village or other parts of town is simplistic given the proximity to the train (and cabs move quickly South on 8th Ave). It's also not too bad from the airport (~35 min in non-rush hour times).But what made this hotel stand out the 50 or so weeks I stayed there last year was the guest service. From the moment I walked in, every week, I was greeted nicely, my bag was retrieved, and I was checked in and up to my room in less than two minutes.I honestly couldn't find a negative on this hotel (hence my choice to keep staying) - it was a nice home away from home for my tenure in Manhattan.	
Feb 9 2009 	Great Stay at this Times Square Area Hotel	This hotel is located one block away from Broadway and 48th St.It is a very easily accessible hotel from Eighth Ave and has a lot of great things here.Rooms are very comfortable and the staff go out of there way to say hello and help in any way they can.The front desk staff was just great and kept me entertained each night i was there.My room looked out at Eighth Ave, and to the exception of the Firehouse next door there was no noise that i could hear.The internet access was good and the tv selection was good as well.Only about a 5 min drive from NY Penn Station and less than a 10 min drive to Javits Convention Center.This hotel is very popular with groups and business travelers.There is a business center located in the front lobby and there is a small store that have the usual luxuries.The restaurant is good and if you are a preferred Hilton Member you get a free breakfast included in your stay each day.I would stay here again.	
Feb 8 2009 	We will definitely stay here again	My wife and I stayed here for four nights. It was a great stay. Every single staff member was helpful and very friendly. This hotel is in the theatre neighborhood, a block from Times Square. There are several subway stations within a block or two. It was easy to get to Lincoln Center and the Natural History museum. There’s complimentary Starbucks coffee in the lobby each morning. Our room had a king bed. There was a comfortable easy chair with an ottoman and a good reading light. The room had a small refrigerator and a microwave. The wireless is complementary. The only minor complaint: a loud couple moved in next door on our last day and we could hear them.	
Feb 5 2009 	Great Hotel For City Break	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square for 1 week in January 2009. I would (and have) recommend this hotel to friends. The location is great for walking to the sights, but is also really close to the Metro. The staff were always very friendly and helpful. We had a king evolution room which was pretty big, and on the 14th floor you get a pretty decent view over the buildings. The rooms look just like the photos that over travelers have uploaded. The business centre (free to use) was really useful for looking things up on the internet and checking email.Basically, its a great hotel.	
Feb 3 2009 	Great location clean friendly and well appointed	Had 5 nights here as the first part of a 2 leg US trip.Its location is excellent, we are new to NYC, and got the Airtrain then the subway from the airport and popped up about 2 minutes walk from the hotel lobby. Sweet.First impressions : well the porters are keen ! By the time we had cleared the front doors the guy had our bags on a trolley ! The cynical Brit in me says ' that's because he wants a tip ' .... the less cynical US traveller in me says ' thats good service ' .Check in was efficient and it was explained to us that the property has free Wi-fi and a 'business centre' with free internet and PC use. It did. And I spent my time in the ' business centre' very wisely checking up on vital matters of importance like the sports scores back home. The room was spotless. King Bed, microwave and fridge, TV, writing desk and chair and a comfy chair and footstool. Bathroom wasnt massive but it was adequate.If I did have a problem with the hotel it was the slamming of doors ! Oh that was so maddening. However, NOT the fault of the hotel, but the fault of thoughtless guests staying there. But if the hotel reads this and has a few $$ to spare..... get some new door hinges that dont allow idiot guests to let the door go and then it slams shut with a mighty force !If we visit NYC again, we would stay there again.	
Feb 3 2009 	Fantastic Location	We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square and as other reviewers have mentioned its in a great location just one block from Times SquareBest BitsWalking distance from Rockefeller Centre, Central Park, Bloomingdales, most of the theatres &amp; 5th Avenue - Saks etc.Staff: Very polite and friendly - Abigale on reception very kindly recommended a restaurant and obtained us a copy of the menu &amp; if he's working try and guess the age of Donald the bell man!Room: Beds are very comfortable and the in room fridge and microwave are a nice touch, the rooms all have flat screen HDTV’s and the rooms were clean and tidy Restaurant: The Pigalle is really handy for breakfasts and dinner, reasonably priced and very hand if you have just landed and are after dinner without venturing too far.Bad BitsRoom: Only a minor point, if you have the room next to the main air-con vent near the ice machine (we did) it does tend to make a racket but eventually you may get used to it.The Loft Lounge: Bit weird this, we couldn’t find it!! Nor did we really ask for it, but it’s detailed on the Hilton website you may need to do a bit of exploring to find it!Overall we really enjoyed our stay at the HGI and would recommend this hotel.	
Feb 3 2009 	If only the beds would fit in your suitcase!	Just returned from my first visit to NYC. What an amazing time we had. We had a horrendous journey with flights being cancelled and re-routes and then you get that awful feeling of 'what is the hotel going to be like?'. Well we needn't have worried, we were welcomed with a huge smile. The room we were given was on the 5th floor with a view down the street it was much bigger than we'd expected and with 2 queen beds. If only you could have taken them home they and the pillows were the comfiest ever, I know it seems strange to comment on beds when in such an amazing city as NY but they were fab! Shower was great too. All staff we spoke to were very friendly.The hotel is fabulously placed for all the main sights and the subway, and there's a great little Irish bar just a couple of doors down. When I return to the city, and I hope its sometime very soon I will definately be staying here again.If you find yourself near Times Square for breakfast check out the Ellens Stardust Diner, great food but the staff are the happiest I have ever met (certainly at that time in a morning) and were singing and dancing on the tables, all your favourite west end/broadway musical tunes - fabulous! Thanks Hilton Garden Inn! :)	
Feb 2 2009 	You cannot beat this hotel/location	I honestly don't have a negative thing to say about our stay...the location in incredible, subway, shows, restaurant, all nearby.Yet, it is a block away from all the noise &amp; lights...gives you a chance to recharge. There are plenty of 'small places' to eat off the beaten path at very resonable prices...8th/9th near 50th (hells kitchen) and have some great food. Theatres are all within walking distance....tkts booth for broadway shows at a discount nearby as well. (plenty of shows at 50% off).Room was spotless and a very good size for NYC...microwave &amp; fridge a plus. Bathroom was of average size but very clean as well. Great free internet connection. Friendly staff. Starbucks coffee/tea available every morning downstairs near lobby...also at no cost. All in all, our stay at the Hilton Garden Inn was perfect ! They offered through their own website, an incredible room rate...which is a plus! I will stay there again!	
Feb 1 2009 	Excellent room	This hotel is the perfect base to see the wonders of NYC. Room was an excellent size and very clean. Staff were poilte and helpful. had a great time, would definetly stay there again.	
Jan 29 2009 	Deceiving	I'm just looking at Trip Advisor for other hotels and remembered my stay at this Hilton Garden Inn back in January of '06. According to the website, it had just opened in November of 2005, and claimed that it was a new hotel. Wrong! It was actually a former Days Inn, which to me is not comparable to an HGI. The drawing on the website looks nothing like the actual hotel. The hotel is very old. While the lobby is bright and open, the upper floors are extremely dark. The walls and doors (which are as tall as the ceiling and very heavy) are all covered in chipped paint that is many shades of shades of gray. The rooms were extremely small. The hotel was rather noisy overall, allowing us to hear a couple &quot;getting intimate&quot; for most of the night. The staff was rather rude, especially in the gift shop, when the cashier accidentally pushed my dad into a $20 knick-knack, breaking it, but forcing us to pay for it.The breakfast was also not standard HGI. The hotel was attached to a separate restauarant which (if I remember right) costs extra.Overall, I am a fan of the Hilton brand and almost all of their hotels - but not this one! Mr. Hilton bought a decrepit Days Inn and slapped a few new signs on it, attempting to deceive hotel guests by passing it off as a real HGI. There are so many better choices in New York, stay away from this one!(If anything has changed in the past 3 years, please let me know and I will write a retraction or try to delete my comment.)	
Jan 27 2009 	Excellent in so many ways	This hotel is one block from Times Square and one block from the subway. It would be hard to better the location. It is true that the area is busy with the sound of traffic, emergency vehicles and the subway but this did not detract from our visit - it added to it by enhancing the &quot;flavour of New York&quot;. There are eating places all around and a largeish supermarket only yards away. The staff were great from the moment we arrived until the time we left. The bed was great and the room was of reasonable size and well equipped. If the price is right,stay here.	
Jan 22 2009	Decent Hotel in Great Location	I got a very good rate on this hotel and was familiar with the location after previously staying nearby at two different hotels on other visits to NYC. I have stayed at numerous Hilton Garden Inn locations in various cities across the nation with good experiences, so I figured after reading the reviews here on TripAdvisor that I couldn't go wrong staying here while in NYC. I am not a big fan of Times Square, in general, but the hotel is both close enough to it and far enough removed from it if you don't want to deal with the crowds.Pros:Location - Times Square, Theater District, shopping and eating are within walking distance. The location is so fantastic that we only had to hail a taxi twice (to take us to and from Greenwich Village) in four days. You can walk everywhere else. We're avid walkers, though, so walking the 3-5 miles/day that we did may not be that easy for everyone.Front desk - friendly and quick check-in; nicest customer service I've had in a long time.Security - At night, a security person waits by the sliding door and checks to make sure everybody coming in has a key to a room at the hotel. Greeted us with a smile each night.Refrigerator in room - We loved this because we were able to keep bottled water and fresh fruit to snack on in our room.Cons:Rooms are average-sized but seemed pretty cramped due to so much furniture. Bathroom is rather small (especially if two women are traveling together), but good enough. I would recommend no more than two people per two-bed double room, though.Cleanliness is a bit questionable. On the surface everything looks okay, but don't look too closely. Behind the beds is dusty (I found this out when I dropped my cell phone behind the bed). The bathroom lacks a ventilation fan, so all of the condensation from the shower will form on the ceiling (which is evident from looking at the stains and spots on the ceiling). I think it's about time the bedspreads in our room were replaced, too, but they were okay. Pilling and a few spots on white bedspreads is evident, though.If your room is facing Eighth Avenue, be prepared for endless fire truck sirens as the fire station is on the corner of the next block. After a day, you get used to it, but this may be a problem for some people who are sensitive to noise or traveling with children.In all honesty, I think this hotel is more of a 3-star hotel, but because of the friendly and helpful employees and convenient location, I gave it a 4-star rating. I would stay here again if I found a great rate like I did this past visit.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great Times Square hotel!	This is a great hotel! It's affordable and very comfortable. It definitely does not have the same glitz and glamour as some of the 5-star hotels in the city. However, the location, comfort, and quality is outstanding. The rooms were very large (especially for NYC), good service at frontdesk and bell staff, and the breakfast was great! I'm not sure if it's standard or a gold hhonors benefit but we received breakfast which is used in the connected restaurant - and it was delicious! I can't recommend this hotel enough. Stay here!	
Jan 20 2009 	Nice Hotel	Fist of all the staff at this hotel was outstanding. Everyone was very nice and extremely professional. We were actually able to check in at 10 AM, 5 hours before the normal check in time. We just wanted to leave our bags with the bellman and go out to do some sight seeing but they had a room ready and let us check in. The room was very clean, the water pressure was great (better than at home), there was a small fridge and microwave in the room which was nice. We did not have a great view but it was OK and we did not request a room with a view. The only negative I can say is that the doors for the rooms were very loud when they close, we could hear every door on our floor and maybe even the one above every time they were closed (we were on the 5th floor). Some were very loud, I was aware of this and closed our door quietly but most people would not think about this, it was quite loud when it's the only noise at 3 AM. We noticed no other noise from the outside world when we were in our room. We would stay here again in a second.	
Jan 15 2009 	Nice hotel	The Hilton Garden Inn is a nice hotel with a good mid-town location. The hotel rooms are a good size with all the amenities listed in the hotel website.On the day we arrived, we were delayed significantly and so they had run out of non-smoking rooms, so we were placed in a smoking room, which smelled like it was - it had obviously been cleaned thoroughly, but there was clearly an underlying smell of smoke. The next morning, I spoke to the reception people and they immediately moved us over to another room and offered us free breakfast for the inconvenience - so that was great. The new room was much better and a little bigger, so was great.The breakfast (for free!) was excellent, but there are lots of diners round and about which were fine. The location is good for visiting theatres and general sight-seeing, although there's not a great deal of nightlife nearby. We prefered being a little further south towards Chelsea.I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jan 14 2009 	Good location	HGI-Times Square was not too bad a hotel. Dislikes:The room is quite small and cramped. For 4 people, it can get quite crowded.Bellman - a bit pushy.Likes:Location, location, location - it's near restaurants, grocery stores, drug store, Catholic church, laundromat, theatre district, subway. Complimentary internetComplimentary breakfasts for Gold Hilton Honors Members at Pigalle Restaurant (attached to the hotel)This hotel is good for families as it has a microwave and a mini fridge. Free warm cookies at the front desk counter every evening.I commend housekeeping. They are wonderful workers!! Front Desk workers - some of them are really nice.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great Place to stay	What a great hotel this is. Two minutes walk to Times Square and all the fun and excitement. Just across the road from The Subway.Very very clean. Great room, very comfortable and everything you need. A small shop onsite. A great diner right opposite.Very warm, helpful and friendly staff. And Donald one of the Porters is a great guy.Felt very safe walking too and from Times square at night.We loved this place and we will stay there again without doubt.Dont think about it, just DO IT.YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH	
Jan 11 2009	Stay here!!	Stayed at the Garden Inn from New Years Eve 08 for 6 nights. We are a young couple and wanted a central hotel. We certainly got it! Hotel is about 2 blocks from Times Square, very very convenient! Obviously New Years Eve was a noisy night, but we didn't seem to hear it. On opening the window and hearing the noise we realised just how well the rooms are soundproofed. The reception staff are very helpful and the bellmen are so friendly, they'll do anything to help you and know so much!Our toilet was backed up when we arrived in the room and, when flushed, leaked all over the floor! However we phoned reception (10.30 pm) and they sent someone up who fixed it brilliantly. It did do it again halfway through the holiday, but again they fixed it and the maids are brilliant. One thing: DO NOT order from Mee Noodle Bar, whos menu is in the back of the folder. Possibly the worst thing I have ever eaten. Chicken noodle soup just water and noodles, and the duck like something strangled and put in a tub! Horrendous. There are lots of little delis over the road, they sell absolutely everything you could want! Also a tiny shop in the hotel which is handy. Safe in the room which is good, and air con good too, if a little noisy!The only point I will make is the fire station. You do get used to it, but the first night it's alarming getting woken up by the sirens, which are nothing like fire engines over here and quite funny to hear!	
Jan 8 2009 	Great location and reasonable price	Excellent check in and when we mentioned the trip was for my neices 18th Birthday, we got given vouchers for breakfast the next morning. Room was a decent size, clean and with a fridge and microwave. Bathroom more than adequite and a lovely shower.The bed was fantastic, soft but not too soft.The pillows were like big marshmallows.Hmm lovely...Nice touch to have complimentary tea and coffee in the lobby in the morning. not sure what time it starts and finishes.Very helpfull concierge.Little tip about the Theatre, the TCKT reduced price tcket stand isn't open on a monday and also not much showing on a monday evening.Would recommend eating at the Trattoria Trecolori just around the block. Food is excellent and reasonabley priced but service was variable dependant on your waiter and the day.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great Hotel and great location!	This hotel was great! It's close enough to Times Square withoutreally being truly in it, yet a few blocks from the madness of Times Square. Very nice, clean rooms, nice bathroom (on thesmall side), very nice hotel personnel, from the cleaning staff tothe front desk, everyone was polite and helpful. Not a thing that we asked for that was a problem. Nice restaurant next door,great for breakfast. Near very good restautants, deli's, shopping,theaters, and more. Close to several subways. I would definitelystay here again, the rooms were much nicer than others I've stayed in when in NYC. (and I'm picky with hotel rooms)	
Jan 3 2009 	Nice hotel well located	I stayed here on New Year's Eve using Hilton points for the stay. It was helpful that Hilton doesn't have blackout dates to use points.Location: Eighth Avenue between 48th and 49th. The subway is one and a half blocks north at 50th street. Location is generally good. You are a short walk from Times Square and there are plenty of restaurants up and down Eighth Ave. Sombrero acorss the street was quite good for dinner. There is a Rite Aid up the street near 50th that is open 24 hours.Check-in: Very smooth. Despite checking it at 8PM on New Years Eve, I got my requests met for a King room, high floor, near the elevator. If you have a Hilton Honors membership, you get coupons for a free bottle of water.Room: Very comfortable. About 300 SF, which is a decent size in NYC. Nicely laid out with a flat screen TV, microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker. Wireless internet is available and free in the room. The bed was pretty comfortable. Service: Good. Despite the hectic evening, everyone was friendly and helpful. Make sure to always have your key with you as the hotel requires you to show a key to get into the room.Amenities: There is a restaurant with a bar on the first floor. Its a little pricey for drinks. There is also a rooftop bar. You have to go outside the hotel and enter from 48th street. We didn't go in as there was a private party going on that evening. Business center on the first floor is free to use and print. The hotel has a parking garage which is $30 a day to park. Again, that's pretty good for NYC.Overall I was quite pleased. Pleased in general that I could score a free room on New Years, but the hotel was great as well. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Fridge is a nice touch since I could pack up leftovers at dinenr and keep them cold for the next day.There was one minor hiccup. The police closed off the parking garage for security reason due to New Years preparations and apparently didn't tell the hotel staff. When I called the hotel, they actually sent one of the security guards out to try and negotiate with the officers to get me into the garage. But the police were not willing to budge. So the hotel staff arranged for me to park at the Hampton Inn two blocks up the road at the same parking rate. This was certainly an unforseen issue, but the staff worked to make it right.	
Jan 2 2009 	Very nice property but stay away from the phone....	I stayed in this property for 2 nights on a HH Reward and was given a Queen beed on the 7th floor, facing the elevator and janitor room. I was expecting a lot of noise but it never was a problem.The room itself was very nice and the location is very central for Midtown, albeit the area is a bit on the rough side.The downstairs restaurant, Pigalle, offered breakfast, lunch and dinner service and was always packed. Very good duck confit! The first day I called down to recepetion for breakfast hours and was told it ended at 11am. As this was five to 11 I instead went for breakfast at a dine rin the area. The next day I found out the breakfast service ended 11.30am, so this was disappointing.Since I visited from overseas I tried to be careful using my cellphone and made several calls to friends in NJ. When I got my folio I almost got a shock. The hotel seems to be charging around $2 or more a minute for phonecalls.... I can't believe hotels today can justify this cost.Overall, very nice hotel to be recommended for most visits and purposes to the big apple.	
Jan 2 2009 	Good value nice hotel	This is a nice hotel with a very central location. Rooms are good size. Only the bathroom is rather small, but for a Manhattan hotel in his price range, you will never find any bigger. The staff is very friendly and we had no problems. The area is perfectly safe (hell's kitchen/theatre). I don't understand why people still knock this part of Manhattan for fear of crime when in fact it is much more safe than say downtown Houston, LA, Seattle, San Francsico, Chicago and probably most other cities in the states. Disneyland it is not, it is a real part of a real City.	
Jan 2 2009 	An absolute diamond......	We stayed here over christmas from 23rd to 29th Dec 2008. It was fantastic. Great location, very comfortable and modern rooms. The staff are very friendly and cannot do enough to help. I would recommend this hotel to my freinds and family without hesitation.	
Dec 25 2008 	Great location but didn't feel safe at night	For location to everyplace we wanted to go this hotel was great. We were able to walk almost everywhere we wanted to go.The room was nice and big. Beds were comfortable. You were even able to supposedly adjust the firmness of the bed. We tried it but didn't really notice a difference.The staff was always really friendly and right there if we needed anything. They had someone every night checking for room keys before anyone was allowed on the elevators.We had been to NYC in March and stayed in the center of Times Square. I felt a lot safer at that Hilton then I did at this one. Last time it didn't bother us to be out till the early morning hours. There were tourists everywhere. This time we didn't feel comfortable walking back to the hotel after 11:00 pm.Even though the hotel was good and employees friendly I would probably not stay at this hotel again. I would stay at the other Hilton where we felt safer coming and going at night.	
Dec 16 2008 	Good Rooms Location - Great Bell Man	Stayed here in Jan as I was attending a trade show at the Javits Center. The hotel is located a few blocks from times square. We booked this hotel directly through the hotel's website and got a very good deal. We were surprised to walk into a large room (by NY standards), very well furnished and impeccably clean. The room had a microwave in addition to basic amenities. There is a very good breakfast place opposite the hotel. The sight seeing bus stops a few meters away from the hotel and there are several shops in the area.I was particularly amazed with the bell man who walked us to our room. He took good 10 minutes to show us through the room and was always very happy to help whenever we had a question about the city. Courtesy and professionalism of the staff is exceptionally good by NY standards.I would stay again at the hotel if I can find a good deal.	
Dec 15 2008 	Clean and Quiet on 2nd Floor	Read reviews for weeks before choosing this hotel. I was so nervous when told at check-in that we were on the second floor because of the reports of noise. We had no problem - I even asked my family if it was noisy to them and they said no. We did hear and feel the train a bit but, it wasn't even noticable after the first couple of times. Must depend on your sensitivity level with vibration &amp; noise. Living with children, I'm not very sensitive.Room was clean and modern.The restaurant was good but expensive as stated. The staff was friendly - The only negative I had was one rude person at the front desk when I asked for change for a $100 for tips. When he opened his drawer I saw all his money (I think he didn't know I could see it because I was talking to the other receptionist) and he said he had none in a rude manner. Later I asked another receptionist for change and tipped her for it and she said 'you don't have to do that, it was nothing' and I said - 'yes, I want to because earlier the person here wouldn't even do that simple thing for me, and was very rude'. She said she was so sorry and wanted a name but, I didn't know it and told her she could probably figure it out if she really wanted to.Other than that one incident - we had no problems. Had a wonderful stay and felt safe in that area with our children - which was important for me.	
Dec 12 2008 	I Love NY	Were do i start this review, i absoutely loved new york and loved this hotel. The hotel is only 2 blocks ago from broadway and is ideally located for broadway, times square and has a subway station around the corner.When we arrived at our hotel, we were greeted very politely and checked in quickly and efficently. Our room was on the 8th floor and we thought that we would have a view of a back of a building or a alley way etc. But we were pleasantly surprised as we were located on the front of the hotel facing the main street, which was so nice as we could see the activities that we going on outside.We stayed in New York for seven nights and 8 days and loved evry minute of it. The hotel puts on free tea and coffee at reception every morning and serves starbucks coffee. I woudl recommend Juniors Restuarant for breakfast, it is two streets down from the hotel and serves a mean breakfast with as many fill ups as you want. I was intrigued by having grites for breakfast and i found out that they are whipped up egg whites, which were not very nice, but had to say i have experienced them (you will know the significance if you have seen My Cousin Vinny). We went to see Mary Poppins on Broadway which was fantastic and i would recommend getting to the tickets station as soon as possible as the queues can get really long!!!We went everywhere in New York, i would recommend that you go up the Empire State Buildling and see the views, but the views from the Rockfeller Centre is better as you get an amazing view of central park.Me and boyfriend got a New York Pass, which is a card which entitles you to enter the statue of liberty, empire state building and lots of different attractions for free. We got a 2 day pass for $90 and used them on all of the attractions. I think that we saved about $100. They have a website New York Pass and i would recommend doing this if you want to see all the sights of new york.All the subways are safe to use and we used them to get the ferry to staten island and to century 21 store and we didnt feel unsafe at any time and if you get a new york pass, the free book that they give you give you the subway station you need to get to visit the attraction.I loved New York and coudl of happily stayed longer, i would recommend Gallaghers stakehouse near broadway if you like your steaks!!! If you want to opt for the cheaper option, then we got a pizza takeaway from papa john's which was really nice and the best chinese takeaway is opposite the hotel, we got 2 soups, spring rolls, and a main meal each for $12.00, you cannot beat that.I am sure you will love new york as much as i did and another tip is to buy your presents near the hotel because the nearer you get to times square and the empire state building the prices seem to go up!!!Happy holidays in the place that never sleeps!!!!	
Dec 9 2008 	Do not stay if your looking for a quiet room	I spent 2 months reading review after review to choose a hotel for our 6 night stay in NY. I was disappointed i picked this one. It advertises as being sound proof. It was the loudest place i have ever stayed!!! We were on the 11th floor end of corridor and it was still unbelievable. There is a fire station just down the street. I dont know if there was more call outs during our stay or what but the way we were woken again and again every night made my heart jump!! It was like being in the middle of a action film. We did not say anything to the hotel as we were already on a high floor. Im in my 20s and for the first time ever i purchased ear plugs and sleeping tablets!The room itself was very comfortable and plenty of room. The noise between rooms was pretty high we could hear next doors tv, shower, sink toilet. It was endless. Room service was terrible. Although the food was lovely in the restaurant. When we rang to ask for 2 champagne glasses with our meal they said they did not send glasses to the bedroom. Fair enough until our food arrived with 2 glasses of water!! Makes no sense. We had ordered starters and main courses and the metal dishes that came with it to keep it warm the waiter said he had to take them as he had another room to go to. We had a microwave in our room so we thought it would be ok and did not rush through the starters. ALL the plates were too big for the microwave so we ended up with cold dinners.We had booked our hotel months in advanced. The two most expensive nights for us the last two - the hotel decided to renovate the lobby. This was a selling point for us as it was all done up christmassy. The lobby was closed off with no prior warning we just landed apon the scafoldding one morning. This should have been said to customers or the price should have dropped!! We could have done a lot better for the money we spent	
Dec 9 2008 	Top Stay at the Hilton !! Wallop !!!!	Stayed over the thanksgiving weekend 27-th to 1st Dec and found the hotel a great place to stay. Group of 4 of us were all made wellcome and would deffo recommend this hotel to others. Only a few block away from everything you need (Times Square, Central Park 5th Ave) Stayed on the 14th Floor and there was no outside noise thus we all slept like a log !!!!. Bed were comfortable and the room was a good size for New York with nice flat screen tv. Shopping was great and Woodbury Common outlet is a must for any keen shopper !!! Would deffo go back there !!! Wallop !!!!	
Dec 5 2008 	Again and Again...	Me and my husband stayed at that hotel for 5 days in August 2008. Everything was perfect. The guys in the lobby very friedly and help us to find good prices for private car for going ay Beeyong Port. Very clean rooms and very good location. I'm going to have a reservation again in August . I'm not change thiw hotel	
Dec 5 2008 	Best Bet for comfort - location and price	Spent Thanksgiving week at the Hilton. Had used t.a for reviews and the hotel lived up to them. I am a travel agent and very picky about where I stay. I even had a slightly lower rate at the Marriott Marquis, however went with Hilton for the location versus very busy times sq area - I made the right decision. Room good size abt 300 sqf, nice to have micro - fridge and coffee maker. Complimentary starbucks &amp; tea in lobby 6a-10a. Walking distance to theatre, subway -2blks, time square 5 blks. Nice to walk out of hotel and not walk in to a wall of people which you would have in times sq. Drug store across the st and nice food emporium 1 blk away for just about anything, Just a few steps away, Hurley's Saloon on 47th nice bar-restaurant-great service w/Paula from Belfast. Social across the St, again nice place for a drink. Seeda's Tai restaurant just off 50th St good food. You would have to work hard to find bad food in NY, skip the chain places! Beds very comfortable, noise level ok until early morning then you hear cars honking etc. We had view of 47th St on the 6th flr. Rooms are cleaned well and everyone we came in contact with was friendly and helpful - Management is doing a good job at this hotel. Can't go wrong with the Hilton Garden Inn	
Dec 4 2008 	Great hotel	We had a great stay at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. Met with a friendly face at reception who fullfilled our request to have a room on a high floor by putting us at the very top :-) Bellman took our luggage &amp; showed us to our room. We were very impressed with it &amp; he showed us how to work the air-con/heating, checked the tv &amp; fridge were working &amp; gave us some info on the hotel. The gym in on the 2nd floor, they serve free coffee in reception in the mornings &amp; there is also a business centre at reception. OMG, I have to point out that the bed is sooooo comfy! One of the comfiest beds I have ever slept on &amp; you can adjust it to suit how hard/soft you like it. The room is nicely decorated with fridge &amp; micro &amp; a flatscreen tv. The location is very near to Times Square &amp; Broadway. Subway stations are located near by, as are loads of great bars, sights &amp; restaurants. Cant fault our stay here &amp; def wouldnt hesitate to stay here again.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great hotel	My friend and I have visited New York several times before and we both agreed that this was the best hotel we had stayed in. The location is great. To be honest, when visiting NYC you will always want to travel around but this is just a few minutes walk from Times Square and not much further to 5th Avenue. There is also a subway station about 2 blocks away to travel downtown. Plus, a fine food emporium about 30 seconds away which is very handy for snacks.The staff are incredibly helpful and friendly, especially Gregory on Security and Stephanie, the concierge. Stephanie booked lots of restaurants for us and we even got complimentary Prosecco from the hotel at one of them.The rooms are lovely, a very good size. We had a twin room with two double beds, fridge, microwave, plasma TV, desk and chair and enough space to open 2 large suitcases. The bathrooms aren't huge but big enough for what you need. They are clean and nicely decorated though. I have stayed in other hotels in New York for a similar price with tiny rooms which desperately needed redecorating so this was a real treat.You also have free internet access with 5 PCs in reception and free starbucks in reception...plus the home made cookies in reception every afternoon!Chris Noth (Big from Sex and the City) was even staying there when we arrived which was the highlight of our holiday!When I go back I will definitely be staying here again and will recommend this hotel to all my friends and family.	
Nov 29 2008 	Simply Perfect in NYC	If you are like me, you're likely driving yourself insane looking for the best hotel in NYC for your holiday. Great news....you're search is over ...because you've just found it. We just returned from a 2 night Thanksgiving holiday stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. This hotel is in the PERFECT location for visiting New York City. At the corner of 48th and 8th, the hotel is within a couple of blocks of Times Square and Rockefeller Center (the ice skating was such fun at Rockefeller!)... we are talking a lazy 5-7 minute walk maximum. Since I'd never been to NYC, I had originally worried that the hotel would be &quot;too far&quot; from everything, but it definetly is not. You will be pleasantly surprised at how close/short a &quot;block&quot; is in NY! Anyway, I honestly cannot imagine why you'd want to stay anywhere else. We had passes for the Greyline Hop On/Off Bus tour (highly recommended for at least 1 day of your stay), and their main location is diagonally across the street from the hotel.The team at this location is simply second to none - and I truly mean that. From the moment you arrive until they've gotten you a taxi and loaded your luggage in for you to leave - you are treated with the highest level of courtesy and care. Customer satisfaction is obviously their top priority. Check-in was effortless. We arrived at 8 a.m. and they gladly stored our luggage for us. When they phoned us to let us know our room was ready, we were out sightseeing, so they actually held the luggage most of the day, until we returned. We reserved a King room and it was huge. The bathroom was very well equipped and quite large. We loved the bed and the bedding. In fact, I'm actually considering purchasing that type of mattress when its time to replace ours at home. The desk chair is insanely comfortable too - I know it's weird to comment on that, but that chair really was awesome. The room also had a wonderfully convenient microwave &amp; refrigerator (a very difficult thing to find in this central of a location in NYC) - which is a great money saver. Our room was located on the 7th floor and we never heard any street noise at all. We had a lovely view of a courtyard and some nice high rises. It is important to note that we also never waited more than 20 seconds or so for an elevator - and since it was crowded for the Macy's Parade, that is really saying something!I found the best deal on their actual website and by using our AAA card membership. A taxi from Newark was about $70. We could not have been happier with staying at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square, and we look forward to staying with them again for our next trip to NYC.	
Nov 26 2008 	An amazing experience	My friend and I stayed here for 5 nights. We had 2 rooms as my friend is a heavy smoker and they had a seperate floor for the smokers which worked out great.The rooms were spacious and comfy - I had a little glitch with my bath plug but it was sorted instantly and without any fuss. It was also a big birthday for me and they left me a lovely little present in my room making the stay more enjoyable.The staff go that extra mile to help you have that fab time and the location is great - right near everything and also in a safe area. I went across to the store a block along in the late evening and felt perfectly safe.A very comfortable stay.	
Nov 16 2008 	Exceeded my expectations!	I just stayed here on Friday, November 14th. The hotel and its staff far exceeded my expectations. I was staying over because I had a bachelorette party to attend and didn't want to drive home after. I only live an hour or so north of NYC, but I didn't want to worry about drinking and driving or catching the last train out on time.  I booked this hotel through Hilton's website because of the location and price. I wasn't sure what to expect, other than a cheap and small room. I was wrong. My room was huge for NYC standards and had a full size sofa pullout, a king size bed, an armoire containing a mini-fridge, microwave, and coffee maker, a dresser, and a spacious desk. There was plenty of room to move around in. Though the bathroom is small, it was clean, nicely tiled, and had decent amenities.  The staff was also so friendly and helpful. They made me feel right at home by giving me coupons for free bottled water, asking if I needed anything, giving me the internet access code without asking. Everything was perfect! The best thing was the next day when I went to check out. I was just a little hung over and in dire need of coffee. I used their zip out check out service where you hit a button on the phone and it connects you to the front desk. Natalie asked me if I needed a bellman or a taxi. When I told her I really needed a cup of coffee she asked me what kind. I said just a regular cup with lots of cream and sugar. She asked if I was coming right down and I was. When I got to the desk, she had a cup of Starbucks waiting for me, free of charge. I was shocked and impressed!  I will be recommending this hotel to everyone I know. I can't wait to stay here again!	
Nov 14 2008 	Perfect Location!	This was a perfect location right next to Times Square and 10 minutes walk from Central Park. The staff were so friendly and helpful and the rooms were very comfortable. My only slight complaint was an extremely noisy air conditioning system which sounded as though you were in a wind tunnel. Apart from that this is a great hotel.	
Nov 11 2008 	Good location 	This hotel is in a good location, just around the corner from Times Square. Our initial glitch of not getting the non-smoking room we had booked on the first night was dealt with very well by the charming young woman on reception. We eventually (next day) were given a room on the 14th floor, which had a bit of a view of the city. The room itself was fine: adequately sized and furnished.Breakfast was something to behold. The ground floor restaurant was teeming, as lots of people walk in off the street and queue up. It looked chaotic, but the staff managed it pretty well. However, the chances are that you’ll be sitting shoulder to shoulder with strangers, and it took a while to get our order. Once was enough. However, we had a very nice lunch there.Hotel rooms in New York are quite expensive, and this one was reasonably priced – given its location. Wi-fi was complimentary – so well done Hilton, as the unjustifiable charges some hotels make is a major irritation for us.Staff seemed very friendly, and on the whole we enjoyed our stay.	
Nov 9 2008 	Great Hilton family hotel	Staff was very friendly and proactively helpful at check-in. As I walked to my room, every staff person I passed offered a pleasant greeting. My room (1523) was spacious, clean and had a nice view - looking over the firefighter's memorial plaza. Within steps of the hotel is a Starbucks, a small grocery/deli and a drugstore. If you like Italian, I rec'd Ciro Trattoria across the street on the corner. Try the shrimp parmigiana - you won't be sorry! I checked rates on Expedia, Travelocity and Priceline before booking on Hilton.com - which had the lowest rates by far.	
Nov 3 2008 	Pretty good for the price and location	Stayed at the Hilton Garden Times square in late Oct 2008. For the money, this hotel is a decent value. However, note it is not really in times square, but rather a few blocks away. The folks at check-in were very nice and efficient. The room perfectly clean and the bed very comfortable to sleep in. The furniture could have used cleaning (easy chair and chaise), but at the price in NYC these you are getting a decent value. Suggest not visiting Pigalle the breakfast/lunch place. Service quite slow and for breakfast a limited menu. All in all a good, comfortable place to stay in NYC. I would return at the same price. Have been critical of the past few hotels I've stayed in but four stars for the price (but another $75 would have dropped it down to three stars). I do recommend.	
Nov 3 2008 	Very happy with family stay	We had two rooms....actually 3 since we moved one during our 4 night stay. 1023 (2 queen), 1018 (same), 1024 (king). All were good-sized, well appointed and clean. No real view to speak of, but we didn't hang out in the rooms so it didn't matter. Coffee maker in the room. But, being the early riser, I was happy to find Starbucks coffee in the lobby even at 5am. We had 2 children/4 adults. Hotel staff were very sweet to the kids. Being a diamond member, breakfast was comped at the cafe next door---very good. But we wouldn't have eaten there for the price ($$$) if we had to pay. Two others worth mentioning: there's a food emporium right on the corner where you can get just about anything you want. And an Argentine/Italian restaurant right at 8th and 50th: Sosa Borella---Fabulous Uruguayan steaks...seafood was just as good! Pricey, but this was our splurge. (Restaurant Row is also nearby. We chose poorly. Avoid O'Flaherty's Irish Pub....filthy and the food was like frozen dinners.) Most important to us was security. We knew the kids would be running back and forth between rooms. Never had a concern as the hotel felt very safe. Can't wait to go back.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great Location; Will Stay Here Again	My wife, 4-year-old son, and I used Hhonors points and stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn for one night on October 19, 2008. We arrived around 11:30 am and were able to check-in. As a Gold Hhonors member, I was given a choice between Breakfast or 750 points. I chose breakfast and was given 6 coupons for breakfast, which I believe was a mistake, since you typically only get 2 per day. I also received coupons for 2 free bottles of water from the “snack shop”. Even though I only had one wheeled duffel bag, the use of the bellman was “pushed” on us. ROOM: We were in room 1107 which had 2 extremely comfortable queen beds. In addition to the beds, there was a desk with office chair, a cabinet with drawers, and a cabinet with a refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker. If you use the refrigerator, make sure it is turned on. I think they turn it off to conserve energy. There was a smaller than expected flat panel TV that had PPV movies available. There was also complimentary Internet in the room. Our room was in the “back” of the hotel, on the opposite side of 8th Ave. There was no view as there was an old building a few feet from our window. Although the hotel is across the street from a fire station, we didn’t hear any sirens loud enough to wake us at night. There is a safe in the room, but it uses a Key rather than a touchpad. The bathroom was small but clean. The toiletries were Neutrogena and consisted of Mouthwash, soap, shampoo, conditioner and lotion. They had switched the heating/cooling system to heating for the season, so even though it was a little warm outside, we could only use the heat and couldn’t get the room as cool as we would have liked.FOOD: The complimentary breakfast was in the restaurant attached to the hotel. When we entered, they asked if we had vouchers and gave us a separate menu that listed our choices. This was good because you knew exactly what you could order and there was no confusion. They had many choices including: pancakes, eggs, omelets etc. The food was good and we thought it was better than the free breakfast we had gotten a few months ago at the Hilton Times Square. There also seemed to be a lot of non hotel guests eating at the restaurant as well.OTHER: The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance to Central Park and Times Square attractions. There are also several different subway lines available within a few blocks. There is a parking garage right next to the hotel. Get your parking stub validated at the front desk for a discounted rate. Our rate would have been $68 (for ~28 hours of parking), but was discounted $13 to $55. We were able to have our bags held for us after we checked out. After picking up our bag later in the day, we planned on using the lobby restroom, but didn’t know it required a room key to enter. I would definitely recommend this hotel and it will be our first choice for future trips to New York City.	
Oct 23 2008 	Would stay here again	Stayed three nights at the Hilton Garden Inn on business. I would stay here again, and do recommend the hotel if you can secure a rate of $300.00 per night or less.What I liked:Good size roomComfy king size bedRoom cleaned to a high standard Environmentally friendly (you can choose to have new linen and towels each day or not)Microwave and fridge Flat screen TVFree Starbucks coffee in the lobby each morningClose to restaurant row9 out of 10 staff where friendly and competent Not crazy about:Took a long time for the shower or shaving water to get hot (not environmentally friendly on this front)Located next to a fire station so can get noisy (even by NYC standards)	
Oct 14 2008 	Just the basics	Booked with reward points through hilton honors customer service rep. Can't complain too much about a free room (~$400 rack rate/nt) and free hot breakfast in attached restaurant (due to my gold status). There is no complimentary breakfast as you may have come to expect at this chain. The lobby is spartan and small but with free internet on 4 computers, printer off the lobby...helpful for last minute attraction hunting. Furnishings in the rooms are nice but the color palate and hallways have a certain prison quality. Great location to walk to dinner and theater. Walkable from Penn Station if you are up for ~1.3 miles.Professional waiters at restaurant but crowded and we had over an hour wait.	
Oct 13 2008 	Overall good but very VERY noisy	I stayed at the HIlton Garden Inn Times Square for 9 nights. The hotel room was really big, a lot bigger than expected or what I saw in other people's photos. It was a corner room with a kingsize bed on the 9th floor (which in reality is the 8th floor as there is no ground floor). I believe not all rooms in this hotel are so big though so it's all down to luck!  Checking in was rather swift although the front desk is under-staffed in the evenings. I had major problems the next day when I realised they had charged my card for the &quot;incidentals&quot; although they had promised me they wouldn't charge anything. When I complained to all 3 people at the front desk at different times I got the same reply &quot;it's hotel policy&quot; which is not a very sympathetic answer and they basically wanted me to drop it, then they offered me free breakfast vouchers (which I suppose is their way of getting out of sticky situations). They were surprised when I refused the vouchers as I don't eat breakfast and I don't see how it would have solved the distress and inconvenience they had caused by charging my card (that's a long story). So, no sympathy from the front desk, in general they were all a bit lost in their job, a little overwhelmed, a little not too bothered basically.Now the big problem with the hotel which is nowhere mentioned in the previous reviews surprisingly: the hotel is VERY VERY noisy. And I'm not talking about the street noise (which you can't escape from even if you have a room on the 14th floor, the city buzz is there all day and you have to live with it basically). But what I found impossible to live with was the noise from the housekeeping staff. From 9am to 11:30am everyday there is constant slamming of doors, banging, shouting, hoovering, it's just incessant!! I didn't complain to the front desk, there was no point. But if you want a relaxing lie-in in the mornings, this is NOT the hotel for you. If you're going to New York for the night life you won't be able to enjoy it as you won't be able to get much sleep. Plus: they're very eager to get you out of your room to do their cleaning, twice they banged on the door (although I had a do-not-distrub sign on) to ask me if I was in!! So towards the end I started feeling bad for leaving the room so late everyday, they made me feel uncomfortable for keeping my own hours !! Also: if you're near the elevator, the can dispenser, the air con or the ice cube dispenser, you're in for a shock as all these make huge noise whenever operated!! these are all placed in the middle of each corridor, so the adjacent rooms will be very very noisy. Even if you get up in the morning you still won't escape the slamming door noise at night when others return to their rooms, unless you sleep very heavily. But in general you definitely need ear-plugs for your stay.The TV set is decent, american tv is ok, especially the talk shows at night. The coffee machine is ok but a kettle would have been much better! The microwave and fridge are great help (there are no utensils though for some reason so you can't really eat in which makes the microwave unusable in most cases). The bed and pillows were ok. The curtains were rather dirty. I'm glad there were light block curtains as well!! very important! There's also a safe but it's not electronic (so I guess the front desk have a key as well).Some good things:- I loved the smell in the corridors.- The wifi internet connection worked great for me. It only cut me off 3 or 4 times during the 9 day stay.- The location is perfect! you're very close to the trendy Hell's Kitchen, to Times Square, to cinemas, bars, restaurants, shops, museums, numerous grocery/convenience shops and it's also surrounded by several Starbucks and metro stations! The hotel is overpriced and at the same time quite basic, no frills, but clean to an ok standard (you have to ask for your bed clothing to be changed every day, and they don't change the duvet cover, just pillow cases and sheets). It's the same with the towels: you have to leave them on the floor for them to know you don't want to use them again.It will suit families and tourist-y couples that think of the hotel as a bed for the night (but why not try something cheaper in that case ??).Overall it wasn't an unpleasant experience but they're really bad at the details. It's also very overpriced (I paid $400 plus tax per night) so I don't think I would stay here again unless I got a really good promo offer.It's an ok 3 star hotel which is run like a 2 star hotel.Some general tips about New York:- it's rather difficult to be a vegetarian if you don't eat pizzas and food with cheese!- taxis are a great way to see the city and they're not too expensive- don't believe anyone who says everything is cheap in New York! it isn't!	
Oct 6 2008 	excellent hotel	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the Hilton Garden inn Times Square for four nights and thought it was a really decent hotel. much better than the 3 stars it is given. very clean with excellent sized rooms. Good facilities inside the room and nice little extras like the free starbucks in the foyer. The hotels location is perfect for Manhattan and nowhere is too far away. There's a bar accross the road called the Social which isnt a bad little bar. We would stay there again.	
Oct 6 2008 	Very pleased with our stay	The Hilton Garden Inn was a great place for four girlfriends to stay at while on their first vacation to NY. Every positive thing mentioned is true. The staff are wonderful and helpful. The rooms are very nice and the location was perfect. We originally booked the room because they had queensize beds. We had plenty of room to lay out 4 sets of luggage around the corners of the room. The refrigerator and microwave came in handy for soda, beer and tea. The coffeemaker was very much appreciated each morning! There is a restaurant directly across the street (Olympic) that we ate breakfast at. It was reasonable and quick ...and tasty! The restaurant connected to the hotel (Pigalles) was a bit pricey but the burgers were very good. There are seafood selections also. There is a little foodmart one block away. We had a nice street view on the 12th floor, low buildings across the street and skyscrapers in the distance. Be sure to get in a trip to a Broadway Show. Buy the tickets at half price (approx. $60). Just ask the staff how to get to the hotel where they are being sold ,it is a short walk. Also the subway is nearby and the Greyline hop on and hop off bus tours are a great way to see a large portion of Manhattan. We asked for extra towels, washclothes, and coffee packets and received them each day. Thanks Hilton it was a great trip!!! Be proud of your staff!	
Oct 2 2008 	LOVED THE HILTON	We just returned from celebrating our 20th wedding anniversary in Times Square. We wanted something that was nice and central to all that we planned. After being told that the reservations which we made through Booking.com for the Crown Plaza Times Square never was made, we decided to try the Hilton Garden Times Square. We were not disappointed. The staff is amazing, they helped my husband planned his surprise part of our trip and they were very accomodating to our requests. We were initiallu\y placed in one of the other rooms where the A.C was a bit noisy and the view was building, however that was changed immediately upon our request.If you are looking for a comfortable, clean and very nice place to stay which is central to the theatres and a block over to Times Sqaure you will not be disappointed.	
Sep 27 2008 	Good value and decent hotel with good sized rooms.	We stayed in this hotel for five nights. As this was our second trip to New York and as we had previously stayed in four star we were very pleased to find this hotel clean, with very good customer service. There were useful facilities - shop and restaurant attached and very decent sized rooms with very comfortable beds making it good value for money.	
Sep 24 2008 	Good hotel great location	Stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn Times square for 6 nights in September 2008. The hotel is 3 star but in my opinion borders on a average 4 star. The room was spacious, the staff were very friendly and keen to help. There is a 24 hour shop on site and a nice resturant attached to the hotel.The hotel is located around 8th Avenue/49th street which boarders the times square area and is well served for subways and tourist busess.Overall a good stay in a good location - only draw back really was the price at £260 per night, however I doubt I would have gotten a better deal at similar hotels in the area.	
Sep 23 2008 	Perfect Location - Will Be Back Soon I Hope	Just came back from a 'girls' weekend in NY City - first time there. Had a fabulous time which was made even better by our stay at the Hilton Garden Inn. Staff and service was excellent - onsite concierge was invaluable and very patient with our numerous questions and tour/restaurant bookings. A bit concerned about being on 2nd floor, however, street noise was minimal. Onsite restaurant was really good too. Best part was how close the hotel was to Times Square, Central Park, Broadway, Rockafeller Centre, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Little Italy, subway, hop-on-hop-off bus tour, restaurant row - everything within walking distance or a quick subway ride away.Very impressed with NY City - will be back soon I hope!	
Sep 22 2008 	Very good (only minor complaints)	Stayed here for 4 nights towards the end of August. Got a really great rate on Expedia for a flight and hotel for £634 return. The flight was £300 so 4 nights at the hotel cost only £334. Good points:. Friendly and helpful reception staff.. Really decent sized room with large king bed, microwave, fridge, large desk and chair and good air-con etc.. Good location, only about a 15 minute walk to Central Park and a few minutes away from the subway. . Free internet access in the business centre (however there are only 4 computers and they are always busy! I usually had to wait around 5-10 minutes for one to be free) . Good value for money (at least for what we paid for it through expedia)Bad points:. I know this is America and tipping is totally the done thing, but when we arrived we only had two small bags and the man at reception insisted we get someone to take them up for us, even though we said we could manage. He said someone would take our bags up and show us the room so we could check everything was ok. Once we arrived at the room the guy didnt show us around, but instead plonked our bags down and waiting very obviously for a tip which we had to scrabble around for. Like I said, I understand this is totally normal but it did annoy me slightly that we said we could manage and all he had to do was go up in the lift and pull them 2 seconds along the hall to our room!! . The towels in the bathroom were tiny!!!! I couldnt understand why they wouldnt provide you with nice big bath towels to wrap around yourself, these was more like hand towels! It felt a bit bizarre since everything else was so well done. Overall I would totally recomend this hotel, it's very good value for NYC and the complaints I have were totally minor in comparison to how good everything else was.	
Sep 19 2008 	Highly Recommended!!	We have just returned from a ten night stay at the HGI Times Square for our honeymoon. We arrived nearly two hours before check in, however the room was ready and the check in itself was very easy (the staff were cheerful and very courteous).The room was a great size and the fridge and microwave were very much appreciated. The bed was so comfortable!!! The facility to adjust both sides of the bed for hard/softness was great!!I found the bathroom a little small but it was by no means a problem. We were on the 7th floor and experienced little noise, by no means enough to really notice.There was plenty of wardrobe and drawer space for over a week's clothes for two. In terms of location, it was ideal; a block from broadway and Times Square and restaurants and a Duane Reade (pharmacy/convenience store) a short walk away.A great hotel that we will definately consider visiting when we go back next year.	
Sep 18 2008 	Big Rooms for NYC	I travel to NYC on business about once a month and I've stayed at quite a few different hotels. As you may know, most of the hotels in NYC are typically quite small.However, although the prices are about average for Manhattan, the room was almost the standard size for a Hilton Garden Inn. Also, there was a upscale lounge on the rooftop called Skybar (I think), which was pretty nice. The property is a 1 block walk to the north side of Time Square. The hotel sits on 8th ave and is not actually in Time Square, so if you want a view of Time Square from your hotel room, you will have to stay somewhere else. Of all the places I've stayed in NYC, I think I've found a favorite! Feel free to contact me at sillyjoker.com if you have any questions about this place (since I plan to be a regular visitor there).	
Sep 17 2008 	The Place to Stay in Mid-Town	OK, this is the place to stay if you want to see theatre! Just around the corner from the madness of Times Square, and most theatres are no more than a 10 min. walk away. Rooms have refrig/micro and our room was quite large when you're talking NYC (room had two beds). I took advice from other reviews and requested a high floor. I live in a large city, and the street noise was not bad. Great hotel! Great staff! Great location!	
Sep 14 2008 	Highly Recommend Hilton Garden Inn Times Square	My daughter and I stayed at the Hilton in August 2008 . We were celebrating her 16th birthday and I had contacted the hotel to let them know and asked for a nice room.The hotel was excellent. The room was very clean, with excellent contempary furnishings, bed, bathroom, TV etc. We were on the 8th floor facing 8th Ave and we were not bothered whatsoever by noise from the street at night.The staff were excellent, very responsive to requests and customer service oriented.The location was perfect, a few blocks to Times Square, a reasonable walk to the fashion district and Central Park. All the on and off Broadway Theatres are close by.The staff went above and beyond for our 3 day stay by giving us a room 4 hours before regular check-in, providing us 2 free breakfasts in the adjoining very nice bistro and sending a cake up to the room for my daughter's birthday, all at no extra charge.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning a stay in New York wanting to stay near Times Square. The pricing was excellent and the hotel was more of a 4.5* then the 3.5* it is rated.	
Sep 13 2008	Good Enough.....	Stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn on a business trip to NYC. It's good enough, but wouldn't be a first choice on a return trip.First the positives - the central location 8th and West 48th is nice. My room was clean and comfortable enough. Free wi-fi was handy. The staff was friendly and helpful.Now the downsides. First, it's noisy. My room was on the 2nd floor overlooking 8th. Constant traffic. Maybe if I had been on a higher floor it wouldn't have been as bad. The walls were on the thin side - I heard my next door neighbor arrive around 1:30 in the morning and stomp around getting settled. Finally, the building sits over the subway and the trains shake the entire thing until about 1 am, and start up again around 5 am. Considering the week I stayed was Fashion Week and rooms were scarce I'm happy to have had a place in the City to stay. But I won't plan to stay there again on a return trip.	
Sep 10 2008 	Best Price	We stayed 1 night at the Hilton Garde Inn Time Square in Sept. 2007. The hotel had been recently redone and was in easy walking distance to Time Square. It was a quiet hotel, except that we were next to the elevator. The room was very small, but what room in NYC isn't? It was very clean and the bed was comfortable. We had friends who stayed at a place that wasn't a chain for $20 less per night and they couldn't even shut the bathroom door b/c it was so close to the toilet. They also had a bug problem. For a moderately inexpensive room close to Times Square I'd recommend this hotel. It's safer in NYC to stay witha chain hotel with a good reputation, especially if you're on a budget.	
Sep 9 2008 	Loved the Garden Inn	My husband and I went to New York for our 10 year anniversary. When we arrived, I asked for a higher room. We got a room on the 11th floor overlooking 8th ave. It was a nice and quiet room. The tv was my biggest complaint. It was HD but it paused between channels. The bed was comfortable and the room was big for NYC. The bellmen were awesome, especially one of the night bellmen who always answered our questions. We are from Louisiana so he also asked how everything was going with the Hurricane. The subways and Times Square was right around the corner. It was the best price and value in NYC. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 6 2008 	Brilliant Stay at the Hilton!!	I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn, Times Square for 3 nights with my mum, sister and 7 year old neice. The hotel was recommended to me as the hotel i had originally wanted to book had no availability.Even though this is a Hilton, it is a small, intimate hotel and has just as much to offer.The staff were very pleasant and accommodating to our every need. They extended our checkout time by and hour which was enough time to have a shower before we left for the airport. While we waited for our taxi they were happy that we could still use all their complimentary facilties.I have to especially thank the concierge staff who were extrememly helpful and knowledgeble. Also the porters, especially Jules and Donald who were kind, talkative and always had a smile on their faces. All the staff were very sweet to my neice and made her feel very welcome.The room we stayed in had two queen beds and was nice and comfortable. All the rooms have a microwave and fridge so we were very happy that we could buy our food and bring it back. However, there is a diner next door to the hotel which you can acess via the hotel. We usaully went there for breakfast and it was delicious!!! The rooms are a decent size and nicely decorated. The ensuite bathroom was very clean and nicely laid out. When we left the room they were always cleaned to a high standard when we got back.There is a very cute convenience store on the ground floor that sells food, drinks and souvenirs and its really handy being there for your everyday snacks.I loved the fact that the hotel provided complimentary internet access in the business centre, with all the relevant stationary and printers. In the mornings they had complimentary tea and starbucks coffee in the lobby. it was just what we needed before heading out for a good day of shopping!!I recommend heading to Woodbury Common an outlet that has 220 shops with all discounted prices. All the major brands are there and we spent over 6 hours shopping. You can purchase the tickets from the concierge in the hotel and the port authourity is a 5min walk from the hotel. This is where you have to catch the coach from and it takes about and hour and half to get there, but it is soooo worth it!!!The hotel is located on 8th Avenue and very easy to get around to the usual places you want to go to in New York. Everywhere is within walking distance and the subway is only 5mins away.Overall ive had an extremely enjoyable and fun stay at the Hilton and would definelty be returning back very soon!	
Sep 4 2008 	Great stay in NYC	This is a great hotel to stay at in NYC. We stayed here for 6 nights and enjoyed very much. The room was big, spacious, clean and comfortable. The plasma cable TV was nice. The big bed was comfortable. The big shower had a bathtub in it with good hot water. The service of the reception and bell boy was good. The internet in the business center was free and fast. The best thing is the great location - straight on times square - the heart of Manhattan. Metro station was just across the street and we could walk up very easily to Times Square, 5th Ave, and central park.Breakfast is served with additional payment at the nearby french restaurant which is very good.We had one incident though - due to some problem with our reservation we got a room in a smoking floor. Such floors should be banned from hotels. Once we stepped outside the elevator we could smell the horrible smell. The room was stinking and suffocating. We couldn't sleep all night. After we complained, we were moved the next day to a room in the non-smoking floor and got a breakfast for one day as a compensation.All in all, this is a very good hotel to stay. Too bad we had to suffer this bad experience on our first night here.	
Sep 3 2008 	Good Hotel	This was a alright hotel. Nothing too fancy but great location as it was only a block away from Times Square.Rooms were average but very clean. Came with an in room safe and washrooms were also clean. A/C was okay, but no matter how low I set the thermostat the temperature in the room would only drop as low as 68 F. Came with a microwave and mini fridge too.My only problem with the hotel is that it didn't have valet parking. It was a big problem for us especially because we were driving a 9 seater Yukon, and there parking lot didn't accept oversized vehicles so we had to park at there sister company's parking lot 2 - 3 blocks away and walk back to the hotel. There was also no in and out privileges once you leave your car, so you have to make sure you get everything you need out of the car before you head back to the hotel. Also they charge an extra $20 for oversized vehicles, so we had to pay $40 rather than $20.But overall the hotel was nice, but the parking aspect was crap!!!	
Sep 2 2008 	A great room at a good price	I was very pleased with this hotel. It is in a great location, near times square with many subway lines nearby. The room had just been renovated and was much larger than most hotel rooms in New York. Bed was comfortable with a flat screen TV. Staff was great. Free internet. I can't imagine many hotels in New York offer it for free. I needed to change my reservation, but when I called the main Hilton number, they wouldn't do so without a significant fee. I e-mailed the manager, and she made the changes very quickly and without a fee. That's the kind of service that makes a customer come back.	
Aug 31 2008 	Everything I'd heard was true...	I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn for three nights while attending a convention at the Marquis. The Marriot was full 6 months out, so I booked the HGI.It was a fantastic stay.Rooms are large (yes,by NYC standards), updated and modern. Great bed...even the roll-a-way was comfy. Literally every member of the staff that I encountered was pleasant and seemed pleased that I was their guest. While it's close to the chaos, it is surprisingly quiet. On the 3rd floor, I actually opened the window on to 8th Ave. to get a bit of that city noise. You do hear the subway pass every so often, but it's not nearly enough to wake you. &quot;Good&quot; coffee and tea in the lobby were appreciated (wish I'd known about the breakfast for HHonors members in the restaurant.)The internet room was convenient and well equipped. If I was pressed to find a complaint, it would be that this internet room felt to be a hundred degrees...but I didn't go to NYC to hang out and read email.At $350 or so a night, I can't call it a bargain...but it is a great value.	
Aug 31 2008 	Quality room excellent location	We stayed for 5 days in The Hilton Garden Inn, which is in an excellent location just a block across from Times Square. The A-C-E Subway is just down the street. The staff were friendly and polite and offered us a free tourist map and useful advice for anything we asked about. The room was a reasonable size, quiet and in good, clean condition. Furnishings were modern and a desk with phone, light, pens, paper, plugs and details about how to access the free wi:fi and printing. A microwave, kettle and fridge in the unit were well stocked and a good size. Below the bed was a flatscreen LCD TV with a range of channels. Our room looked out over the back / side-street and there was no street noise on our 5th floor. Air conditioning, dark curtains and a comfortable bed with good pillows / sheets meant a comfortable night. There is a good size wardrobe with wood hangers and a safe. The bathroom has plenty of light, a large mirror with lots of towels and a powerful shower over the bath.Now the unavoidable negative - there was a rat, we heard it on our last night as it nibbled through a chocolate bar wrapper. I got up and moved things but couldn't see any way in or out, but we heard it twice that night. The staff were very apologetic about this and offered us a meal in the restaurant attached. The food was excellent if not a bit pricey (but we weren't paying!)	
Aug 28 2008 	An Excellent Choice	This hotel was centrally located, very clean and staff was exceptional. We arrived very early the day of checking in. The room was not ready ( we didn't think it would be). They checked us in and took our cell number so they could call us when we could get into the room. Within a half hour we were in our room.The room was very clean as was the rest of the hotel. The door men (bell men) were very helpful with directions. They asked us if we needed directions to certain things. We attended a midweek reception for Hilton card members that was outstanding. I would not hesitate staying here again or recommending it to others.	
Aug 16 2008	Great Place to Stay on a Budget	We stayed at the Hilton G.I. for 5 days and were happy with our stay. There were four of us in a room with 2 queen beds. (Two adults, two teens) The beds may have been the most comfortable I have ever slept in including The four Seasons, Ritz Carlton etc.....We were greeted warmly but although we asked for a room with a high floor, we were placed on the second floor with the air-conditioning units right outside the window. We asked to be moved and they arranged it for the next day as there was nothing available. The second room was on the 6th (I think) floor and was fine. It had a view of the street and a few buildings. The only problem was their smoking floor was directly below ours and our room smelled like cigarette smoke off and on the whole time. It was nice having the fridge and the microwave - saves money on meals. Our coffee maker didn't work but they brought another right away. It didn't work either so the manager came up with number three and said &quot;if this one doesn't work, I will walk over to Starbucks and get you coffe myself&quot; it worked. I liked the location, it is close to the heart of Times Square and close to walk to Rockerfeller Center. Plenty to see, plenty of places to eat and in case anyone is needing one, there is a laundramat about a block away. We did feel the subway rumble from time to time but it didn't bother us. Subway access is very close so another plus. Bathrooms weren't huge but big enough for four of us. It would be nice to have other funiture to sit on besides the desk chair, but the queen beds take most of the room. Over-all it was a nice hotel for the price and really convenient to everything and friendly staff. We would stay there again.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great hotel great location	Stayed here for four nights in July and really enjoyed the hotel. We also stayed in the Hilton Garden Inn in Chelsea on the final night of our stay and I'd have to say the Times Square hotel was in a much better location and had much bigger, nicer rooms. There is no restuarant or bar in the hotel but there is a really nice french restuarant right next door which serves breakfast, lunch and dinner (although it is a bit pricey!) Overall, I'd say this hotel was good value for money, particularly considering it's only one block from Times Square and Broadway.	
Aug 11 2008 	Couldn't have been better	Just returned from a 5 day 4 night stay at the HGI Times Square and our experience could not have been any better. The hotel was clean with nice size rooms (for NYC) and reasonably priced by New York standards. Location is close to everything mid-town with Times Square one block away and most theatres within 1-4 blocks. Transportation needs were easily reachable with the subway A-C-E trains just across the street and R-W one block east. Bus stop was also only one block away. Many have mentioned the noise from the street and it was a concern until we got there. Our room was on the second floor facing a very busy 8th Ave and we heard absolutely nothing except an occassional faint rumble of the subway but certainly nothing bothersome. The double pane glass in the windows were amazingly sound proof. Not sure if the higher floors have that but the lower floors definately have almost zero noise.FYI...taxi ride from La Guardia will be about $35-40 including 20% tip/tolls and my understanding from JFK it's a flat $45 fee plus tip.	
Aug 11 2008	Highly Recommended!	Visited NYC from August 3 to 9 with my daughter and her friend. It was my daughter's 15th b-day and when I made my reservation online, I noted this in my comments. I also requested a higher floor which was received. The hotel was even nice enough to have a piece of birthday cake and card for my daughter upon our arrival. Nice touch!The rooms are large for New York standards and the beds are very comfortable. Can't say enough about the great linens and duvet, flat screen TV, fridge and microwave. The free internet room is a bonus as well. The area couldnt be more convenient.The service was excellent from all the staff including the restaurant next door. I would highly recommend this property. The only negative would be the price - with all taxes it worked out to $400 a night. I suppose this is common for the area but may be out of reach if on a budget.	
Aug 9 2008 	Good Location but you pay for it!	The staff was very friendly and the hotel was very clean and the beds were very comfortable. The room also had a microwave and fridge. But we did pay over $750 for two nights plus $52 for parking. Future trips we would stay outside of the city at a cheaper hotel and ride the train or subway into NYC. If you have the money and don't mind spending it its a good motel. If you want a better value for your buck (cheap like me) stay elsewhere outside of NYC.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great Stay!	The Hilton Garden Inn was wonderful. This was my second time to NYC but the first for my parents and I wanted to be in the middle of everything to give them a full NYC experience. It was great how close it was to everything, especially the Grey Line bus stop (which we took daily). We ate at the hotel's restaurant which had WONDERFUL crab cakes! Our room was very clean and like most Hilton hotels, this had the new style of bed comforter which was great! The view from our room was wonderful and the window's open just enough to be able to hear the hustle and bustle below! We also loved that the hotel had a shuttle to the airport. When we return we will be staying at the Hilton Garden Inn	
Aug 5 2008 	Great Value 	I highly recommend this hotel if you're looking for a convenient location at a reasonable cost.I can't say anything bad about this hotel. After checking many many hotels, I was delighted to find this one at a significantly cheaper rate than most nicer hotels in the city. The location is great -- very close to Times Square, but enough away from the regular crowds. Subway across the street, which we found very convenient. We asked for a room in the back of the hotel, which was very quiet (for NYC) -- we didn't really notice the street noise from the busy 8th avenue. While we didn't have the greatest view, we were very pleased with everything about the room. Hotel staff was very pleasant and helpful.	
Jul 31 2008 	Great hotel - great location!	We spent 1 night at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square on a Hilton Honors Certificate in mid-July. Several years ago this property was a rundown Days Inn – what a difference! Courteous friendly staff (especially the Bellmen); nice size rooms for a NYC hotel; clean, updated; very comfy beds. Very convenient location in Midtown Manhattan. Easy walk to theatres, Rockefeller Center, tour buses. We had a room on the 14th floor and only noise we heard was the occasional honking horn (which one should expect when staying in NYC!). Don’t know what the value for the price paid is since it was free for us but would highly recommend this hotel for a stay in NYC.	
Jul 26 2008 	Good location; Good Service; Good Value Hotel	My wife and I spent the 4th of July weekend at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. As others have written, the hotel is conveniently located. Its within walking distance to the subway and theaters. Our cab ride from La Guardia to the hotel was about $35. The staff served us excellently . The hotel was rennovating the hall way on the floor we stayed on -- wall coverings were taken off, etc. So, you may want to ask if they are rennovating the floor when it comes time to get your room. As HHonors members we received a free daily breakfast. The breakfast was in the hotel's Pigalle restaurant and the breakfast menu was limited. Amongst the choices were eggs, omlets, a waffle dish and granola dish. Free wireless worked well. We also used the free printers downstairs to print out tickets. We had a pleasant stay at this hotel.	
Jul 26 2008 	Nice - but overrated	After reading the reviews I was thinking we were going to be staying at a real nice place - it was average. It was clean, but not quiet. There are no frills at this place - only about 10 cookies at the desk which goes very fast. It is close to Times Square, the City Sights bus and subways. I would not stay again, I would either go a little more out or pay a little more and go towards Time Square.	
Jul 22 2008	We will be back!	The Hilton Garden Inn was everything I was hoping it would be. The rooms are very large by NYC standards. Everything was clean and well maintained. There is free internet in the rooms, and a work station for those without their own computers. Everyone we dealt with in the hotel was helpful and courteous.The hotel is close to everything...subway stations, restaurants, Times Square, the theatres, etc.My wife, who is very picky, said it best: &quot;When we come back, we're staying here!&quot;	
Jul 21 2008 	Great Location Great Stay	We really enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Garden Inn. The rooms were large, comfortable, nice amenities. The location was perfect for catching the subway and easy to walk to Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller Center. We really enjoyed the breakfast at the restaurant that is attached the hotel. We didn't ever eat dinner there but we noticed they had a good crowd and a cute little bar.	
Jul 19 2008 	Loved this hotel	We went the week of July 14 to the Hilton Garden Inn. Perfect location. Only one block from Times Square. Bathroom was small as others said but it was definitely usable. Staff was as friendly as can be. Restaurant in the hotel was pricey but there are a lot of options to choose from whether a pizza by the slice like sbarro's or nice restaurants.I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Stayed on the 8th floor and could hear the subway but not loud enough to wake us up. It is within easy walking distance to Times Square, Mamma Mia, Chicago, Grease. Top of the Rock, NBC, Radio City are within walking distance as well for those willing to hike it.	
Jul 10 2008 	Helpful employees and great location!	There was a glitch in our arrival at midnight and it took quite some time to get our room. The hotel made up for it by providing free breakfast vouchers at Pigalles the adjoining restaruant. That did help! We loved everything about our stay except for the beds. The mattresses were soft and mushy and we are used to a firmer mattress. But aside from that the staff is courteous and you cannot beat the location. We never heard a sound on the 9th floor. We could not believe how quiet the area was around this hotel and yet you go up a few blocks and there you are in the midst of huge crowds. Our family of four was quite comfortable and we had room to put a blow up mattress on the floor for our teenage son. (There is not enough space for a roll-away.) We loved being right around the corner from our play, Wicked and the subway being so close made getting around an enjoyable experience. Pigalles is a great restarant but the service is a little on the slow side so if you are in a hurry you may want to go somewhere else.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great!	My wife and I stayed here for one week. We found the rooms to be adequately sized for us, our luggage and all of the souveniers that we purchased during our stay and very clean. The hotel staff was very friendly. &quot;Charles&quot; the doorman was very helpful in getting us cabs and helping with our luggage. We also enjoyed talking to &quot;Donald&quot; who was very helpful in finding restaraunts and shops in the area. The housekeeping was done in a timely and efficient manner and we didn't have to call for anything. We stayed on the 9th floor. We could hear the subways but the noise was not disturbing at all. The only noise of the city that we heard were horns and the firetruck sirens from the station around the corner. The beds here were really, really comfortable...so much so that we had a hard time waking up every morning! The location was great and within walking distance to many things. Cabs are plentiful here and there is subway access just a block away. There is a very good bar/restaraunt called the &quot;Social&quot; just across the street. There is also a little convenience store in the lobby for anything you might forget. Our only complaint is that one afternoon while we were in our room planning our day a housekeeping employee (maybe a supervisor?) came into our room unannounced using a master key. She asked us if everything was okay and then left. She went into other rooms too. Maybe it was a security check or something but we were sure glad we weren't in the middle of &quot;something&quot; when she came in! Other than that a great hotel and we've already talked about going back next year and staying here again!	
Jul 5 2008 	highly recommended moderately priced hotel	We stayed here for a week end of June 2008. We were not disappointed and very pleased with the hotel. The front desk staff were helpful and responsive. I asked for a quiet room on a high floor at the back of the hotel because I know how noisy NYC can be. It was quiet and we slept very well. Comfortable king size bed, clean nicely appointed room for a moderate price (well under $400 which is pretty good for New York). Very close to subway, theaters, shopping. I was there with my 13 yr old daughter and we felt very safe. Free internet access and flat screen TV were great. We also liked the small fridge as we had a place to put our leftovers from meals when we ate out and also the food we bought from the Food Emporium next door to the hotel. A few years ago we stayed in a top rated boutique hotel(I will not mention the name here) also in the Times Square/Theater District area, and it was noisy and double the price. The Hilton Garden Inn Times Square was quiet, much more comfortable and an overall a better experience. Remember to ask for a high floor. Highly recommended.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great New York experience!!	My husband and I stayed for a week June/July. After much research, I picked the Hilton Garden Inn. It's midtown location, proximity to theaters (5 min. max walk to most), reasonable price and Hilton name motivated my choice. We were thrilled with the property on all accounts. The front desk, concierge, business center (to print boarding passes for flight home), free wi fi in room and even housekeeping were all thoroughly helpful and accommodating. The room is a nice size and clean. There is a fridge and microwave available which we used for breakfast/snack stuff. Subway is around the block, a Food Emporium (grocery) is steps away. Each Broadway show we took in was a block or 2 away from our front door. Times Square is a block away, but the noise/lights are not an issue. We stayed on the 6th floor, heard regular street noise that is expected in a large city, but not bothersome. We slept without issue. We used the subway and were able to get where ever we wanted to go in minutes. People were extremely helpful and more than willing to give us assistance with directions, etc. Loved the city and all it had to offer. Enjoy your time!!	
Jul 1 2008 	Great find in New York	I have just come back from a 4 nights stay at Hilton Garden Inn at Times Square. It is a very well priced hotel considering all that it offers. Having a microwave and fridge in the room was wonderful. The business centre which gives free internet access is also a big plus. The bedroom was spacious and, although a bit on the small side, the bathroom was fine. I found the staff very helpful and pleasant. I was on the 3rd floor and I could vaguely hear the subway noise occasionally but it certainly did not disturb me in any way. I had never stayed in the Times Square area before and was a bit hesitant about it being so crowded. This is really not a concern and it is a real buzz to know that all the great shows and jazz clubs are within a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel. Anyway, I would recommend this hotel wholeheartedly for anyone wanting a comfortable, safe stay in New York city.	
Jun 26 2008 	Great location and even better service	We planned a girls only trip to the city and selected the Hilton Garden primarily because we were using Hilton Honors Points and the room was reasonably priced for the two nights we were paying and not using points. Once we arrived and got our bearings, we were very pleased with our hotel selection. The location is just perfect. Times Square is a few blocks away and there are many subway lines within a block or two of the hotel. Everything you need is at your disposal. The hotel staff were extremely friendly and service oriented. Charles the Bell Man was outstanding. He amused my 10 year old daughter on a daily basis and added a bright spot each morning as we headed out for an adventure. As a Diamond member with Hilton, we received complimentary breakfast each morning. What made this special and unique was that the breakfast was served at Pigalle Restaurant which is connected to the hotel. What a nice treat to have something different than the standard Hilton Garden buffet. There were about 6 items to chose from for the free breakfast and all were excellent. Since we were there for 8 days, we made our way through the menu. I can honestly say that there really wasn't much to criticize at the hotel. I think the only drawback is that the rooms are on the small side. This was another motel that was renovated by Hilton, so there isn't much you can do with the rooms as far as size goes. There were two adult women and one child in the room and we did fine. You just need to plan your bathroom/showers accordingly to avoid confusion and congestion. Also, we had some family join us for two nights and they stayed on the third floor. Evidently, the subway was quite noisy and very noticeable on that floor. We stayed on the 12th floor and didn't hear a thing. In fact, it was quite surprising how little we did hear of the outside world. The beds were also very comfortable and allowed for a peaceful nights rest.This property has it all, location and great staff. If smaller size rooms don't bother you, this property should be at the top of your list. (just request a high floor to avoid subway noise)	
Jun 26 2008 	great location and comfortable	location was great and room was clean and comfortable. breakfast is at a french brasserie on the ground floor. we had theater tickets and it was easy to walk to dinner and theater. we were there new years eve and it was crazy, but everything worked out fine. we were up pretty high so we never heard any noise.	
Jun 22 2008	Stay above the 4th floor!	Don't get me wrong. The hotel is in a great location, it’s clean and the staff were friendly. However, I stayed on the 2nd floor and the noise of the Subway penetrates into the room. Baring in mind that the trains run every few minutes on the E line and they run quite late, it became very disturbing. When I complained they said that they were full and were very sorry and next time when I check in I could ask for a room higher up. I would stay here again but I will not be staying lower than the 4th floor.	
Jun 20 2008	Great Location Good Standard of Accommodation in NY	This hotel is great. The location is unbeatable and the standard of accommodation is very good by NY standards. Large comfortable rooms, good bathroom and very well protected from noise given central location. Staff are friendly and willing to assist. Free Internet (wi-fi) and business centre and complementary coffee in foyer in the morning. I would be hard prressed to find better in NY within the price range. If in NY would stay here again.	
Jun 19 2008 	Great location and nice friendly hotel!	I stayed at this hotel for one night in May. It's always hard trying to find a nice hotel to stay at in New York which isn't ridiculously expensive. I set myself a maximum of £150 for a night and got a last minute booking at this hotel for £120 through Expedia. The hotel was really nice and I am so glad I chose it over others I had wondered about. The reception were really friendly and I had a few giggles with them. I asked for the quietest possible room and got a double on the 12th floor. It was a lovely big spacious room. The bathroom was a bit on the small side - toilet was close to the bath. This wasn't a problem for me. The room had a huge flatscreen TV, desk, cupboard space, and a microwave. I found it was a bit noisy but not so much so that I would stay elsewhere. The hotel is in a great location! I was going to see a play and only had to walk 5 minutes to get to the theatre. Also it is very close to subway and bus links, not to mention a block away from Times Square. The business centre in the hotel offers free internet. Also there is a printer which is useful if you wish to checkin online for a flight. This hotel is a great find. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 17 2008	Great Location Friendly Staff Good Hotel	This hotel is located 1 block from Times Square. Many places to eat around here. Efficient staff, nice, clean, quiet rooms. Safe and secure. Not much to not like!	
Jun 16 2008 	Great Hotel close to EVERYTHING!	We got a corporate rate through my company for our stay. We paid about $210 a night and the rate included breakfast. The trip was a personal trip and my husband and I with my 8 month old daugther celebrated father's day here together. First off, NYC is very expensive and so you must always have cash on hand. If you expect any kind of reasonable service from the bell hops, etc, you must tip them. Tip them well b/c you will need them. We had a king room on floor 15 and it was lovely. It had a fridge and microwave and a nice flat screen tv. Our room was quite large however our bathroom was very tiny. The door barely misses the toilet when you try to open it. That is typical of NYC hotels from what I've experienced and the size of the general room more than made up for it. The rate included breakfast as I mentioned, and it was quite good. It was at the restaurant attached to the hotel and was very hearty. There is a set menu for you to choose from which included waffles with bacon or an omelette with bacon and potatoes. It filled us up and so we were good for about 6 hours! Times square is about 2 blocks around the corner. Very close proximity and an easy walk. We even walked to Pier 83 which is where all the boat tours are. We paid $29 each (adults) for the tour and it took us halfway around the island for 2 hours. We got to see the statue of liberty up close and all the bridges. It was fantastic and was operated by circle line 42. I would suggest arriving 45 min early to secure a space in line. We got on the boat last and wound up with mediocre seats. We eventually got to stand at the beginning of the boat to see the water. Check out Mesa Grill (Bobby Flay's restaurant) if you have time. The food is to die for. Excellent chef that one is (My yodaism for the day).All in all, the HGI times square is one that I will definitely stay in again. The rooms look just like the pics and they are very accomodating. Great place!	
Jun 13 2008 	Great location to Times Square and clean Hotel	We just got back from a three night stay in the King Evolution room. Requested a high floor beforehand and the front desk was more than happy to accommodate. We didn't ask for a room away from vending machines and the elevator, ended up in the first room by both! Bellman offered to get our room changed immediately but we said we'll give it a try. Did not move rooms because it wasn't bad at all...of course we did have the AC on for the duration because of the heat, but didnt mind the noise from it. I searched and searched even after I booked this and knew after reading the ongoing reviews that I shouldn't think about booking someplace else. You will be happy with your stay. The reviews about this hotel are true. Its really is great. You can walk to Central Park, TS, Rockefeller*Comfy beds*Convenient location to Times Square and Rockefeller Center*Subway stop at 50th is super close*Starbucks on the corner*Friendly staff*Free Internet in every room*Great restaurants *Reasonably priced for NY standards, don't bother with calling around if you want to stay near TS. This is the best deal. *Close enough to the attraction of TS but without all the city lights and people everywhereThis Hilton wants a 10 out of 10 rating, and will try to accommodate you any way they can.	
Jun 8 2008 	Location is great!	This hotel is one block from times square and the location is excellent for shopping, dining and sightseeing. The grey line bus tour pick up is just down the street. The room was clean and pleasant. The hotel offered free internet service in the lobby as well as coffee makers, microwaves and a small fridge in the room. We were placed in a handicap accessable room so we did lose a little space in the room but there was more than enough room for the two of us. While we did not have a room with a view on a higher floor, our room was clean and the staff was friendly and courteous.	
Jun 8 2008 	Nice retreat from busy streets	The Hilton Garden Inn Times Square is a nice retreat from the busy streets of the Theatre District. The rooms are nicely decorated (with beautiful black and white photos of NYC) and comfortable. Most importantly, they are well-sized and soundproofed. The hotel offers a fitness center and a business center. The latter is particular useful, though small: four computer stations with a fax and printer are available for free 24 hours/day for hotel guests. The staff were all friendly and responsive. Although I didn't order room service, the restaurant was always busy (leaving me to believe the food is good). The location is excellent-- walking distance to the theaters (so no fighting for taxis) plus easy access to the busses and subway lines. I'd definitely choose this hotel again.	
Jun 5 2008 	Nice Hotel	This hotel was attractive, well-maintained, and very clean. We stayed 4 nights, and had no problems. The refrigerator and microwave were great additions. The staff was helpful, and somewhat friendly. The location was very close to broadway theatres, restaurants, and shops. Times Square was a fun place to visit, however, very crowded, noisy, and a bit dirty. The fact that the hotel was a block away from Times Square was definitely a plus! If you are a light sleeper, you will want to request a higher floor because of the subway.	
Jun 3 2008 	Not a single issue	My girlfriend and I stayed here this past weekend May 31-June 2 it was very clean and the room was really pleasant,she still has not stopped raving about it,the bathrooms were so modern and the bed was so comfortable, you cant beat the price very reasonable,we will stay here again in the heart of Hell's Kitchen.	
May 30 2008 	Good hotel friendly staff fantastic location!	We just spent two nights at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. We chose it because it had two queen size beds in our room, which we need for our tall family of four. Although I didn't think the decor was anything special, it was clear that the hotel had been recently renovated and it was clean and attractive. The bedding was comfortable and modern. The room had a desk, a flatscreen television, a refrigerator and a microwave. The last two really came in handy because we bought a lot of our meals at the carry-out grocery store just across 49th Street, which also had a place to sit and eat. The hotel has a French restaurant next door, Pigalle, and the menu looked attractive but it was going to be at least $10 each for breakfast and we spent half that by buying pastries and coffee at the grocery instead. The hotel staff were all friendly and helpful. We arrived early. They stored our luggage and they volunteered to call me on my cell phone when our room was ready. When we came back late one evening, I was impressed to see that anyone wanting to get to the elevators had to show their room key if the staff did not recognize them. Also, the little convenience store in the lobby had very reasonable prices and was open whenever we were there. But the best thing about the hotel was the location! It is in the theater district, only two blocks from Times Square (47th and Broadway, although everyone refers to the surrounding area by that name too). There are dozens of restaurants in the area. We went to three shows and everything was within walking distance. It was also only a few blocks to Rockefeller Center and Fifth Avenue. The first day we easily walked to Central Park. The day that we took the bus, there was a stop only one block north, and when we needed a cab to go to the airport, there was one waiting at the taxi stand in front of the hotel. The only negative thing about this hotel was that it is located right over the subway line, and you could feel the rumbling in our room on the 2nd floor, but we were so tired at the end of the day that it didn't make much difference.	
May 19 2008 	What a find - Highly recommended!	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of May. Location and room size were great. Staff were very friendly and helpful. A real find for the price - Highly recommended!	
May 18 2008	Couldn't be more pleased!	In planning our trip to NYC I was looking all over for hotel reviews for the best deal. We decided on the Hilton Garden Inn and couldn't be happier about our choice. The location was great; easy access from outside the city which was super since we drove. The rate we paid was great (even better with the AAA discount). The staff was super friendly and helpful. Even family living around NYC who were recommending other hotels have now turned people to this hotel's direction based on our experience. The rooms were clean and comfortable. Thanks to the Hilton Garden Inn for making our stay great!	
May 16 2008 	Hilton Garden Inn Par Excellence	We had a great visit to Manhattan and are so happy we chose the Hilton Garden Inn at Times Square for our accomodations.The king bed room was large enough for our needs and was nicely appointed. The bed was comfortable and maid service was as expected. We especially liked having the small refrigerator for our water and other drinks. The staff is very attentive. We needed distilled water for my c pap appliance and it was in our room when we arrived. We especially appreciated the doorman and the security he gave us. The little gift shop/market was convenient and the staff also good. The concierge was very helpful with confirming directions and visitor hints.The location of this hotel is magnificent. Everything is just a block or two away ---restaurants, theaters, Times Square, subway station. It was superb and we highly recomment this facility.	
May 13 2008 	Great location and excellent value (for New York)	My expectations were low, the hotel was comparatively cheap when compared to many hotels in New York. Also I had never heard of this value brand within the Hilton Group. Admittedly we had a few problems at check in - we struggled to persuade reception to give us the room type we had booked months earlier oh and our toilet flooded the bathroom - but I cannot hold this against the hotel! Just off broadway (1 min) , walking distance to central park (10 mins) and Empire state (20 mins), the location was spot on. Very busy and very touristy (well it was Times Square). Rooms far nicer than they look on the internet, looked recently refurbished and very much like a standard Hilton room. I would definitely recommend this hotel. But why oh why is everywhere so expensive in New York.	
May 4 2008 	Great Service Great Location	Hotel is located literally one block away from Times Square. The rooms were a decent size. With a very comfortable bed. The people that worked there are by far the best. There is a concierge that is open for about 12 hours during the day (very helpful).There is also a 24 hr convenience store. There is a nice Japanese restaurant called Akoi right across the street from the hotel. I recommend it to anyone who likes sushi. Honestly, if you booked this hotel then you have nothing to worry about. If you are considering it I suggest you book it.	
Apr 29 2008 	More Ups Than downs	we have just come back from a 6 night stay here 22/4-28/4 and on the whole I would agree with most of the reviews . We were on the 8th Floor facing 8th Avenue and there was some noise from the street. The bathroom door could have done with at least a lick of paint if not repaired it was damaged and the staff at reception were polite but not that friendly. Thats the negatives the positives the location surrounded by theatres and very near shops free internet access they have 4 machines in the business center it may be a struggle to get on as they are very heavily used all the time but great to have all the same It was lovely to have both a fridge and microwave in the room and there is a great supermarket across the road ' The Food Emporium 'The on site restaurant 'Le Pigalle' is a little on the expensive side considering the food is about average.I would have no hesitation staying again and in fact plan on doing so	
Apr 26 2008 	Great Hotel! Great Location!	I can't say enough about this hotel. The rooms are absolutely perfect. The rooms are all tastefully decorated and updated with LCD Television. Bathroooms are in great condition. We were on the 8th floor, so even though we were facing a busy street, we didn't hear a thing from outside (which is rare for NY). The staff were very helpful for any of our needs. And the location was absolutely great! A definate recommendation for anyone wanting a great hotel in Times Square!	
Apr 25 2008 	Location Price can't be beat!	Hard not to be a jaded New Yorker with NYC hotels. Tres expensive! Well, not this place. For the cost of your average low-quality hotel, Hilton has put together a great hotel that fits most travelers, from tourists, to a seasoned traveler. Few misses to even comment on, this place is a block from the 50th st subway (Metro) station. I'd recommend walking a block or two around hells kitchen for dinner options, as the restaurant attached to the hotel is rather pricey, and average. In fact, there's a full grocery store just a block away, so you can stock up on whatever you might want to pop in your room's micro-fridge.Rooms are above-average in size, and have a great bed, sitting area, and decent bathroom. Wireless internet throughout was perfect, and the front desk staff very helpful with a few business needs.Overall, I'd stay here again, if I am in Midtown. Accessibility and a quiet-er part of midtown nearby are big pluses. Minus? The hotel needs to get an affinity or discount program with a local gym. The health club was a bit too limited in equipment.	
Apr 21 2008	Great place to stay	I stayed in at the Hilton Garden Inn for 10 nights. I was getting married in New York so wanted everything to be stress free. There was a big party of us. We had six rooms altogether and although Virgin had made errors with the room selections (double when should be twin etc) the hotel staff were brilliant and sorted it out as quickly as possible considering it was one of the busiest weeks!I suppose the staff may have been extra nice to us as we were getting married and were staying a bit longer than their usual guests but they really went to town and looked after us with gifts etc. They were all so polite and friendly and they are happy to give good advice on places to go and money saving tips!The hotel itself is in a fabulous location, central to everything and there are lots of good restaurants and bars close by. The rooms are very spacious and comfortable. The restaurant is also quite nice, particulaly for breakfast. There is free internet accessAll in all I would defintitely recommend this hotel and hope to be staying there for our anniversary!	
Apr 20 2008 	really enjoyed stay	I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Hilton Garden Inn, i was really impressed with the location &amp; service . I only had to call the reception desk once as one of our lights wasnt working &amp; within half an hour it was mended . The staff were all polite, hotel &amp; room was very clean . When we arrived we had been allocated a double room,where we had asked for a twin, this was resolved without us even mentioing anything , as the receptionist spotted our request. The room was a smoking room , where we are non smokers, but we just openend the windows &amp; it was fine . We were given breakfast vouchers as compensation, which was unexpected &amp; much appreciated . I wasnt there on business , but did make use of the free internet service . The actual location of hotel was very good, as it is only a couple of minutes walk from times square, we also went to a show &amp; the theatre was a matter of minutes away. I wouldnt walk at night in my own town, but felt very safe walking in New York. The whole city totally impressed me . Our flight home wasnt until later in the day &amp; there was storage available for our cases till we left which was very useful . The restuarant was very good, always very clean &amp; i never felt rushed but also i never had to wait , the staff were very efficiant,polite &amp; helpful . I am hoping to go back to New York &amp; i would stay at this hotel again &amp; will be recommending it to others .	
Apr 18 2008 	Ups and downs	I went to this hotel over a year ago; I came here for a national event. When I first arrived to my room, it looked as if someone had still been living there. There were socks, chargers, etc all over the floor. I immediately called room service, and they took care of the issue without a problem. I stayed there for five days, and the only main complainant was the mini fridge did not work because the ice had overgrown and made it so the door would not close. I took care of it with a hammer...but I felt I shouldn't have to repair something on vacation. This was a great location though; there were many street vendors nearby, amazing little shops and it is very close to the subway station, allowing access all over New York. I highly recommend getting a slice on the corner or stopping by and taking a look at some items in the near by China town. Overall I gave this location an average review because the room was not clean when I first got there. But the rest of the visit was enjoyable.	
Apr 15 2008 	Very Good family hotel	Stayed for 2 nights at this hotel with our 2 young children (2 and 4).Arrived in the small hours of the morning due to flight delays, to a warm welcome, free bottled water each, quick check-in and shown straight to very comfortable room.I had requested a non-smoking room, but on arrival was told there was only a smoking room available. I was a little way, however, there was no smell of smoke in the room itself (though you could smell the smoke on the corridoor outside). It was fine.Staff were very pleasant and welcoming, location was great. The fridge and microwave in the room as standard are great for young families, as is the small shop downstairs in the lobby. Beds were very comfortable, and room was large enough for us, though not a lot of extra space. Breakfast was included in our deal, and this was also very good.They don't do children's portions however - prefer to serve adult portions to them which seems wasteful.	
Apr 14 2008 	Wonderful Service and Great Value	This is a perfect location right on 8th avenue &amp; 48th. 7th is times square/Broadway. 42nd street north and south all over is everything. There is a fantastic little Mexican restaurant right up the way on eight in between 51st and 52nd. Right down eighth a few block south is a deli that has free delivery so you can order breakfast / coffee, desert or whatever right to your room/The hotel is near all the theatres. The august Wilson theatre is on 52nd. The Majestic (Phantom of the Opera) is right down on 42nd I think. So everything is right in the walking distance. The price for the hotel is good compared to what else is out there. If you stay on 7th Ave. You will pay prob. double the cost of this hotel. Some hotels’ rooms are the size of closets, this hotel has a pretty roomy space and GREAT staff. They really care about your stay. The bellman get to know you, they are courteous and polite.They strive for a “10” and they get it from me. They are so great and nice. If you have a problem with something, they will fix it. They have a concierge to help you around the city. IT is wonderful/	
Apr 10 2008	Great hotel great location	We have just returned from a weeks stay at the Hilton Garden Inn and could not recommend it highly enough. It is in a great location, in the heart of the theatre district and only 1 block away from Times Square. The best restaurants are located on 46th Street between 8th &amp; 10th Avenue, so again easy to get to. Buy a 3 day 'hop on, hop off' bus ticket from Viator - Grey Line. You need to change your email confirmation for a ticket but this office is just down the street and the buses go every 15 minutes.	
Apr 8 2008 	Great hotel great location	My sister and I have just come back from a 3 night stay at this hotel. The hotel is located in a fantastic location, one block from Times Square, we found everything very easy to walk to from here, the hotel was a fantastic base. The room was spacious with 2 queen sized beds, was clean and tidy with good double glazing we didn't hear any traffic noise (was on the 4th floor), the bathroom was a little small but was clean and tidy and met our needs. The only problem we encountered was noisy neighbours, we could hear every word so the walls must be thin, but this was only on our second night. I would certainly stay here again, its a great base, the staff were very helpful and friendly when we had any dealings with them. The breakfast in the ajoining restaurant was reasonable and filled us up till gone lunchtime and wasn't too expensive.	
Apr 7 2008 	a very nice hotel that people should consider in NY	My family and I never be in NY before. Before we go, we read lots of reviews on many hotels. We decided to stay at Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. We were there for six nights. Staff were avery friendly and nice. I requested a roller bed with no additonal charge. Staff are all helpful. They gave us very detailed direction to places we asked for. Believe it or not, you do not even need a map. Central Park is nearby and is a great place for family (in daytime), especially runner. Because the hotel is in Times Square, everything is so convenient. All are within walking distance. Several restruants are also available. If you are a late bird, you can book the room with breakfast. The breakfast, until 11:30 a.m. was really good. Anyway, we strong recommend this hotel to family, single, friends, business, etc. One thing I would like to remind you is to request the room at a higher floor and not on the same side as 8th ave.	
Mar 31 2008 	Excellent location	I stayed here with my girlfriend for 6 nights as part of a week long holiday in New York. I booked the stay direct at Hilton’s website which I found very easy to use. My choice of hotel was largely for location but also for the value it offered. We were staying over thanksgiving and many hotels had inflated prices.Upon arrival I was surprised to see it was the same hotel I had stayed in on my previous visit to New York. At that point is was the Days Inn and I remember the rooms look tired and smelt of smoke.Checkin was easy and staff were friendly. We were soon up in our room which for NYC was spacious and offered excellent views down onto Broadway. The room and bathroom were both clean and tidy and all amenities were provided.Breakfast wasn’t included within our rate but we ate at the restaurant attached to the hotel (Pigalles I think is the name) and would recommend. Excellent food and very popular with New Yorkers walking in off the street.We also had an excellent view of Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade from our room.No problems with noise as we were located on the 11th floor. Access to Times Square was very easy, just around the corner, and there are good subway links close by which we made good use of.	
Mar 27 2008	Excellent hotel in good location with good service	I agree with other reviewers here. This is a great hotel.Te location on 8th Avenue/49th street in Midtown Manhattan is great. Times Square is a five minute walk away. Rockerfeller Center a little further down. We also walked to Bloomingdales, Madison Square Garden, Macys and Central Park and took in everything around those areas. The subway entrance is opposite, If you fancy a bit of boutique shopping in Soho the A,C,E trains take you downtown in minutes and down to the financial district for the WTC site, Battery Park and the ferries. Facilities nearby include Starbucks just about anywhere you turn outside the hotel. A supermarket open until midnight on the next block and a 24 hour chemist opposite which also sold a selection of groceries. Restaurant row is 3 blocks away and we found some great restaurants there. Reasonably priced and for us Brits an absolute bargain. There also a number of bars with good happy hours.The hotel is your standard business hotel affair. The lobby area is small; don’t expect a soaring atrium style lobby like some other similar chain hotels. It could become congested if a large tour group arrived.There is a small seating area with complimentary tea and coffee. The concierge sits there. There is also a 24h shop which sells a selection of tourist tat along with sweets, snacks and drinks. Vending and ice machines are also on every floor.Staff were efficient and pleasant throughout. We arrived at midnight and were given our keys with only a credit card swipe for any incidentals required. Bell hop was friendly and asked questions and gave us advice. We were also greeted with a hello or a nod whenever we left or arrived at the hotel. Only negative on the staff front was the concierge who we asked to arrange a transfer back to JFK. Her price was too steep. I used the internet and got a quote at half the price. $48 for those who want to know.Rooms have all you need and are functional. Don’t expect boutique hotel, this is your standard business hotel room. Pluses were a fridge rather than a mini-bar, in room safe and iron/ironing board. Free wireless internet was superb. It allowed me to do all the research I needed to do for our trip. I know that New York has a reputation for small rooms. This hotels rooms are Asian hotel sized. ie big. In fact they could have put a sofa or an armchair in the spare space as there wasn’t one. Only downside would be the smallish but otherwise fine bathroom and that they don’t change the bedding daily (although they will do it if you ask)Some people have mentioned noise but there is no issue. It’s normal NY street noise, ie horns and sirens which you will get elsewhere. Windows were double glazed and muffled most of it anyway. If you wanted quiet then New York City is perhaps not the place. There is a restaurant attached to the hotel. It’s a great little find and judging by the amount of the people who come straight off the street, it’s a popular place for the locals too. Breakfast is the highlight.If you can get a B&amp;B rate then you get a special Hilton menu with five choices. But this menu is great. The breakfasts are huge and of course come with free flowing coffee. There is standard menu which has a larger selection and if your rate does not include breakfast then take this menu and have breakfast here because it’s great. Staff were also very efficient and pleasant. There are sometimes queues but don’t be put off. The turnover of tables is swift and you never have to wait that long to be seated.We never tried dinner but the menu looked quite good and the place was always busy. We did however drink at the bar and found the prices of the imported alcohol a bit steep even for us Brits. There was better value to be had only moments way.Overall a good stay with nothing to quibble about. Would recommend on the strength of the location, the efficient and pleasant staff and of the breakfast in the attached restaurant.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Stay	Just spent a week here with my teenage daughter. We loved the location, security and staff. The rooms were regular but clean with VERY comfy beds. Better than some upscale hotels I have stayed at. We were on the 14th floor and had very little street noise. We were satisfied in every way. The front desk staff were exceptional. The breakfast next door was huge and very good. I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 22 2008 	Great stay	Myself and my partner stay at this hotel in Dec 2007 for 4 nights. We found the location to be great really central for all the attactions. Great bar accross the street (society) worth a trip for the beer and bar food (the best margaritas in town)Round th corner from the theatres and jazz club. Good breakfasts down the street along with a food mall and a lovely japanese restuarant who managed to fit us in one night.i would recommend the Hilton Garden Inn as a reasonable hotel to stay on a short break to the Big Apple.	
Mar 18 2008 	Great location and great hotel!	We had to go to a charity function and decided to stay at the Hilton Garden Inn on Eight Avenue and 48th Street.Wonderful location, pleasant staff and great breakfast (which was part of our package deal).The room was clean and spacious with a fridge and flat screen TV. The bed was very comfortable.The room was a bit expensive $325 (but not too, too bad for NYC) for the room and breakfast and parking (in the lot next door) was around $30.Would stay here again.	
Mar 17 2008 	Good Midtown Choice for many Reasons	As one who knows NYC and stays here often this is a great midtown choice if the following is important to you: 1. Great theatre/restaurant row location 2. Times Square is a block away 3. Access to subway lines very close (A,C,E within one block (50th) &lt;easy from Penn Station&gt; or Times Square subway station &lt;which pretty much gets you anywhere in the city&gt;) 4. Hotel itself is clean, decent size rooms for NYC, microwave, refer and pleasant staff willing to help&lt;no typical NY aloofness&gt; 5.Central Park/Columbus Circle Shopping and even Rockefeller Center anbd 5th Ave are entirely walkable from here. 6. Safe area - 8th hasn't been what it used to be for years and years now. There are great clubs, lots of restaurants both high-end to local, off Broadway theatres and Starbucks on every other corner and the Javits Center is (close) down 8th for you conventioneers. There is use of four computers in the business center 24/7. There is a restaurant with contemporary food attached for convenience. 8th is easy accessible to thousands of taxis (always) since it's a major throughfare. Hallways are clean, everything is updated. Housekeeping services are attentive and responsive. There is a conceige in front lobby area. Neutrogena amenities provided. Safe in rooms, Bellhops are plentiful and nice. 24 hr parking garage right next door. Plenty of local bars that are tourist friendly. If you can get a room - take it - this hotel is getting very popular for the cost/value/location. Remember in mid town the view is rooftops and buildings, sirens and horns will honk, many rooms are smaller than most cities and pools are not frequent amenities...but this is NYC...get out and see the views via a central location, sleep comfortably in a clean room and enjoy more restaurant in a square mile than you ever could eat at.One other suggestion? Get outta midtown when you are there; go to the Village...SoHo...Lower East Side...Upper East and West ...just go. Only a block away...	
Mar 16 2008 	Gets a "10" from me!	Just spent a week on business at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square. Second the customer service - after attending the manager's reception, I was addressed by my name by all the managers. Suggestions that I made during my stay were received positively and acted upon immediately, if possible.The exercise room would benefit from an equipment upgrade, and the bathroom's ventilation system could be improved. Otherwise, my room on the top floor was quiet, well-appointed, and cleaned very well every day. Especially enjoyed the sleep number bed and the central location to all my appointments, subway stations, the Olympic Diner across 8th Avenue, and the Food Emporium across 49th Street.	
Mar 14 2008 	Great Hotel	The Hilton Garden Inn is in a great location and is a really nice hotel. The staff were really helpful and polite. The hotel itself is clean and the rooms are modern. The room had a flat screen tv, desk and fridge. The room was cleaned every day I was there. It is a great hotel to stay in and wasn't too noisy. It is just a short stroll to Times Square where you can get the subway from. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, young or old.	
Mar 13 2008 	Great location	Clean hotel great location could walk everywhere, around the corner is Times Square, Rockefeller Plaza,and the theater district . Parking is next door,we had a great time at this hotel because of the location.	
Mar 8 2008	Not Bad At All	My occupation has me traveling every week. Therefore, I stay in a different hotel every week. Overall, this is a pretty nice place. Large clean rooms (allbeit, a bit noisy...but, come on, it is New York City after all), VERY close to subway stations, eateries, Times Square (1 block away), and Broadway Theatres. I'd book again.	
Mar 8 2008 	Perfect Hotel	The Hilton Garden Inn is a great place to stay in NYC. Close to everything yet not in the middle of the rush. Due to the weather we missed the first night in the hotel and I still feel we got a great deal.The rooms are HUGE for NYC, and the staff is very helpful and friendly. I've stayed at several hotels in the vicinity and this one is by far the best. You can't go wrong. Our room faced 8th but was up high and didn't have any problem with noise. Subway is right around the corner, and access to most of the Broadway shows was very convenient by taking 8th instead of fighting the crowds on Broadway. I'm looking forward to staying here again, and would even pay more vs. another hotel.	
Mar 6 2008 	Great Location with a Great Staff	The location was perfect for us. From The Lion King to seeing Les Paul at the Iridium, we were minutes from our chosen venues. A subway stop right across the street took us directly to the financial district. Our first evening we walked to St. Pat's for Mass and then up to the Top of the Rock to see the skyline at night. While the view is impressive, it was an overpriced elevator ride.We enjoyed milling around Rockefeller Center and grabbed a light meal at Lobster City on the way back to the hotel. I thought Lobster City was very good. Much better than Patsy's the following evening and better value.It seemed that everything we needed was within 15 or 20 minutes from the hotel.The staff was wonderful...friendly and attentive. They have a &quot;10&quot; campaign going on and are working hard to earn a perfect score (&quot;10&quot;). All were certainly a 10 or better, with the exception of the concierge. We got the impression she only sold discounted tickets and didn't know much else. Nor was she particularly friendly.She tried to convince us to take a shuttle to the airport when for the same price for two, we could have a taxi to ourselves.The rooms are fairly nice size for NYC. I was surprised.Our room, 1005, did not face 8th Ave and on the back side, so much quieter. We never could get the thermostat to work quite right, but adjusted the temperature by opening and closing the windows. The fire station next door and the sirens were never a nuisance to us.However, I hated, hated, hated the comforter on the bed. It was so heavy, changing positions was like wrestling an alligator. Despite the comforter and thermostat issue, we enjoyed our stay and look forward to a return visit.	
Mar 2 2008 	Irish Bars	We spent five nights in the hotel and staff to be very clean and friendly. Our first night was on the second floor which I found to be very noisy. We asked to be moved and got a beautiful room on the tenth floor with beautiful views of 8th avenue.	
Mar 1 2008 	Baby Friendly hotel right at TImes Square	We were travelling with our 5mth old baby for the first time. This hotel was clean and modern, maybe recently renovated? The room was huge for Manhattan standards, plenty of space for a King bed and a crib (which was provided by the hotel free of charge). The room had a mini-fridge and even a microwave. The location was awesome, just a few blocks from Times Square and 1 block from the subway. I got a good web rate through the hotel website and would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 17 2008 	Perfect stay over Christmas!	We stayed in NYC over Christmas, and the Hilton Garden Inn made our Christmas really special.We got from JFK using the blue shuttle bus (fully licensed etc for about twenty dollars each, a bargain all the way right into Times Square) and we were immediately met out front by the bellhop who took our bags and guided us to the front desk.The desk staff were excellent - couldn't do enough for us our whole stay, I could really get used to that sort of service back home in the UK!The room on the 12th floor was great, really good value, comfy bed (adjustable firmness if you're that picky) very clean, with all mod cons and a nice bathroom. Again couldn't pick fault with the room.Now, just to be clear, this hotel is pretty much as central as you can get, and if you had the windows open you'd hear the sounds of city (duh, it is NYC) but we had a sound nights sleep every night we stayed.Breakfast - for a real American diner experience, directly across the road from the hotel is Olympic... the breakfast there was excellent value ($20 for both of us) and we were able to choose something different every day - personally I'd have the pancakes with blueberries, my girlfriend recommends the scrambled egg with cheese.We didn't reckon much to the attached restaurant, though we never eat there, it didn't have the atmosphere of any of the other eateries we visited in the neighbourhood. (Definately avoid Scarlattos which is just around the block from the hotel - our worst meal experience our whole time in the US).	
Feb 11 2008	Can't Fault The Staff	My wife and I recently stayed one night at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square for a &quot;getaway&quot; evening. We booked the hotel at their website for $179 plus tax. Before I start the review, I want to emphasize that the staff was excellent and tried to accommodate my needs at every turn. We were put in a &quot;two queen sized bed&quot; room upon check-in based on lack of availability of a &quot;king sized bed&quot;. The room size was fine, but, the actual beds are the cheap kind and are very springy. This was on the 12th floor. Way too plush. So, when I asked to see if there was a king sized room, they were great and assigned us to a 2nd floor room. This one had a king sized bed in one of their handicapped equipped rooms. I asked for the front desk to adjust the firmness of the bed with their dial on the bed (it was an air adjustable bed) which seemed to do the trick. The bedspreads are low thread count and cheap looking. As the luck of the draw may have it, there was a loud, periodic clanging sounds (like construction) throughout the night above us and we could not sleep. I figured since they went through the trouble of getting us a hard to find king room, we could not ask to be moved again. So, we suffered through the night without sleep. A word of warning that you can hear the subway underneath you if you stay on the 2nd floor. Plus, the hallway looks slightly dingy. So, as someone who usually stays in Hilton Garden Inn quite a bit, this was a big disappointment because of the random chance that you just get &quot;one of those rooms&quot; where it is noisy. However, the location was great, the staff was wonderful, the restaurant Pigalle next door was excellent and reasonably priced with the rooms being standard what you would expect from HGI. If you like medium to firm beds, don't stay here unless you book the King Sized adjustable beds and ask for a technician to adjust it. Otherwise, ask to stay on a high floor and you will be fine, etc. I wish I could write a generally positive review, but, I can't given the beds and the noise...	
Feb 10 2008 	can't go wrong!!!	Can't fault the location: subway 1 min from hotel (with direct JFK train) , broadway 3 mins, central park 15mins.Great sized rooms (for city hotel), king size bed, powerful shower, LCD T.V., fridge and microwave!Staff friendly and helpful.Good restaurant, reasonably priced.I would recommend this hotel and would stay here again. Considering the prices of many of the hotels in downtown New York and their locations this hotel cannot fail to please..... There is a fire station 50 yards from hotel but this didn't disturb us at night at all, my girlfriend is a light sleeper and would have heard something.	
Feb 9 2008 	Great Location Friendly Staff Clean 	Our stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square was one of our top vacations. The hotel is around one big block over from Times Square, so please don't think you will be staying in the heart of the square. However, the location is close to everything. There is a subway station right across the street and Central Park is within walking distance of the hotel.The staff at the hotel was extremely friendly. I was disappointed that we didn't get an upgraded room (Diamond Hilton member), however, our room was nice and quiet. We were on the 8th street side of the hotel on the 10th floor. If you are heading to NYC, this is definitely a hotel to consider.Check out Good Morning America when you are there. We received inside the studio tickets and met Diane Sawyer. Just register on their website. In addition, we checked out the Jon Stewart show and it was a great time!	
Feb 6 2008 	simply the best!!!!!!!	just returned from nyc. the hotel staff could not do enough to make our stay the most enjoyable experience that we could have hoped for. 10 out f 10 for all aspects. good location just 3 blocks from the hustle and bustle of times sq but quiet at night apart from the subway and fire station below but that just adds to the nyc experience. restaurant available in hotel but we preferred to eat out, planet hollywood being a great favourite but there is just so much to choose from. We went to the top of the rock at night- was absolutely beautiful and highly recommend it.	
Feb 5 2008 	Good size room and service but noisy!	I picked this hotel over the Roosevelt because it had a much bigger room and it was in a convenient location in Times Square. The bad thing was that our room was facing 8th Ave and it was so noisy every night. The first station was near by and the fire truck came out every nice and turned on their horn. Then the cops would repeatedly turn on their horn just to cross the traffic signal. When I first checked in I asked the receptionist for a room on a higher floor since I read another TripAdvisor review suggesting to get a higher room because of the noise and they told me that my room on the 8th floor was pretty high since they only had 12 floors. It made no difference. I hope this help travelers finding a hotel in New York. My wife usually go once a year to New York to hang out with friends. This is the first time I stayed near Times Sqaure and I don't think I will ever do it again. The subways in New York run everywhere so you can stay in other parts of town and not worry about the noise.	
Feb 5 2008 	Top marks for Location service and cleanliness	We stayed for 3 nights from 1st Feb 2008 and enjoyed the experience. The only down side, which was rectified promptly, was the air con fan right outside the room but this was switched off for most of the time after a phone call.All the other reviews I have read say the location is great and I agree with them, close enough to Times Square but just far enough away to miss the crowds. Good bars and restaurants in the area and I did not use the hotel restaurant. Recommend the bar in W5st Street with loads of great beers.	
Jan 31 2008 	Great hotel would recommend !	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for three nights from 26 Jan. We were very impressed with the hotel, staff and location. One block from Times Square, ideal location for going out in either direction, you can walk to 5th Avenue and central park from the hotel. Staff were really helpful with directions when going out and happy to give you different options for travel etc.Room was really well equiped, large king bed, flat screen TV, fridge and microwave. Although you don't spend a lot of time in the room the home comforts were really well appreciated at the end of a long day. Bed was lovely. Bathroom was very clean and plenty of towels, changed every day. There is a chemist, deli, bar and lots of take away food places just outside the hotel. The port authority bus station is just a short walk from the hotel which is where you can catch the bus to Woodbury Common outlet centre (1 hour bus ride, $39 return) which is well worth the trip to save some $ on shopping.We flew into Newark, taxi was $68 (including tolls) to the hotel and $75 (not including tolls) going back to the airport.To sum it up, great value for money, really friendly helpful staff, very clean and a great base for your NY trip. We would definatley re-book when going back to NY.	
Jan 29 2008 	Great Hotel - Great Location!	Arrived at the hotel on Saturday - January 26, 2008 for a two night stay. Clean spacious room with a microwave and fridge. Stayed on the 9th floor. Staff was friendly and went out of their way to say hello and to ask if there was anything they could do to make your stay more enjoyable.The hotel is located just a block from Times Square and only 3 - 4 blocks from most Broadway Shows. As most places in NY, there were plenty of restaurants within walking distance and the restaurant attached to the hotel offered a nice menu with reasonable prices for dinner.	
Jan 27 2008 	Very good price/quality relation	Very nice hotel, with strong price/quality relation. Big, comfortable an clean room with also very clean bathroom. Great location, 5 minutes walk to times square. In my measure, a 4 star hotel.	
Jan 23 2008 	Worth considering for midtown!	We just returned from staying 3 nights during mid-week in Jan 08 at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square (8th and 48th). Overall I would recommend this place and would stay here again based on a number of factors.First, location. If you are in New York to be near the Theatre district for shows, to be close to Times Square for that particular kind of madness, to be near enough to Central Park, 10 minute walk to Radio City Music Hall, 15 or so to Rockefeller Center, decent walking distance to MoMA, close to subway, and near restaurants, pharmacy, and other light shopping, this is the perfect location. We went to a Letterman taping, the Daily Show taping, two Broadway shows (Spamalot - do NOT MISS) and November (slight Yawner) as well as MoMA, the Park, and up and down 5th avenue (stop and see the yellow Tiffany diamond if you can!) with relative ease.Second, ammenities. Do you want modern and clean hotel ammenities? Such as: Free wifi, flat panel TV, fridge, CLEAN shower and bathroom fixtures, nice towels, adjustable room temperature, openable windows, VERY comfortable (adjustable) bed and nice linens, new furniture, lock safe, and hangers that can be removed from the closet rack, then this is the place.AND all this for under $250/night? (we paid lower -- but it was mid-January, however, for NYC and THAT location and being a NEW modern hotel, incredible price is my opinion).Include in that, really nice hotel staff. Despite being checked into a room that was a) already occupied and b) signing papers at a rate that was cheaper than originally quoted on check-in, the staff was nice. (The bellman helped with luggage and brought us back downstairs where i had to resign paper work at the higher rate and was given a room UNoccupied across the hallway). I really liked the doormen and/or bellman. Very friendly, helpful, and nice.There are two computers with internet access in the main lobby, which is very convenient when not traveling with your laptop.There is a decent restaurant adjacent to the hotel. We had breakfast there once and it was good, French-like, and pleasant service (though we tried this place about 6 years ago and remembered thinking we'd never go back b/c the service was AWFUL after theatre).Potential issues: They were still remodeling. We checked in on Tuesday early, and could get the room by noon, however, i was really sick and needed to sleep but there was a constant buzzing sound near our room (sounded like from the roof). I inquired on check out and was told &quot;Aww, I guess you heard our remodeling&quot;. I think there was a sign on the table near the elevator lobby on our floor, however, it would have been nice on check in had they told us this to &quot;pardon the inconvenience&quot;. We heard it two days from 9 am or so on to the afternoon. Quite bothersome.Slamming doors. The maid closet was nearly across the hall, I don't know if it was guests or the clean staff, but there was a lot of slamming doors in the AM we could hear very easily. We were in room 1518, the top floor (high off the street, but could still hear the Fire department trucks from next door). I think like other reviewers, you may hear other guests through walls (sometimes I could hear talking -- not sure if it was from the hallway or adjacent room).	
Jan 22 2008 	Fabulous hotel in a fabulous city	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the Hilton Garden in Nov 07 for 4 nights. The hotel is in a great location only a block away from Times Square and the Theatre District. The hotel was very clean and the rooms were an ideal size for us, with a large double bed, armchair, writing table, and a unit which was home to the tv and coffee making machine. On our second day we received a phone call from the hotel manager to ask us if our stay was everything we had been expecting so far. Not only was this a very personal touch but we had the pleasure of informing him that everything was great. We were on the 4th floor and right over the main street but were never bothered by any noise from outside. Although Times Square is an awesome place which has to be seen to be believed, we found ourselves ending the nights in one of the bars opposite the hotel (out the doors, left and you can't miss them 100yds down the street on the other side of the road) which all had a very friendly atmosphere and were more like a pub than the typical restaurant/bars you get in America.As for the sights, there isn't enough time to go through them all, but I would highly recommend getting a 3day ticket for either the Red or Yellow bus tours. They go all over the city from downtown to central park to harlem to brooklyn and the guides on the buses are fantastic. Don't be put off by the people stopping you in the street to purchase these tickets, they are excellent deals and a great way to see the whole city. On a bit bigger budget if you have the cash you must go on a helicopter ride. The view of the New York skyline is breathtaking.Finally back to the Hilton Garden, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York and if I ever get the chance to go back this is where I would stay.	
Jan 20 2008 	Our new favorite!	We just returned from a family trip to NYC to see Phantom of the Opera on Broadway. There are 4 of us--my husband and I, and our two children who are 11 and 6. As always, I am so glad I checked Tripadvisor first. We stayed on Thursday, January 16th at a rate of $214 which included a huge full breakfast at Pigalle in the hotel.We drove into the city, and the hotel was easy to get to. Check-in was fast and courteous, and my husband quickly parked the van in the neighboring parking garage. The hotel validated our parking ticket, and since we were there for slightly under 24 hours, it only cost us $26. Last time we were in NY we paid more to park in the hotel garage, and it took 45 minutes of standing in the cold to have them retrieve our car. Not the case here--we waited 5 minutes max and were on the road in no time. Unfortunately traffic at the Lincoln Tunnel slowed us down.Location of this hotel is perfect. We walked everywhere--to Time Square, to the Majestic Theatre, to O'Lunny's for dinner (which we highly recommend!). We were on the 9th floor facing 8th Avenue. Our room was a nice size--a bit larger than the Hampton we stayed at last time (although the Hampton is also a great choice). The beds were comfortable and I was happy with the sheets and comforters which were very nice. The kids thought the flat TV was great. They gave us 4 bottles of water at check-in (complementary), and we were glad to have a refrigerator to put them in. The bathroom was very clean and had Neutrogena toiletries. Bathroom is small, but we expected that. The windows in the rooms actually open. The rooms were quiet. We didn't hear the people above us or next door. There is a LOT of street noise, especially with the fire station practically next door, but we expected noise. There was a huge desk with a comfortable chair in the room. Wireless was free, but slow.Our breakfast was incredible, and SO worth the extra $24 for the 4 of us. You get a limited menu if you are using a hotel voucher, but it is a good selection. We tried everything--French Toast, Pancakes, Waffles, Eggs, home fries, etc. Portions were huge, and the pancakes and French Toast came with huge servings of fresh fruit--enough for all 4 of us to share. We didn't need lunch!The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. We just can't say enough good about our stay! We wish we could have stayed longer. At the great rate we got, we are thinking about making it our annual January trip.Enjoy!Heather	
Jan 18 2008 	Nice Stay But!!!!! Thin Walls	I am actually still staying here at the moment. Great location, Great room, Good Service and one of he most comfy beds i have ever slept in. However the room i am in on the 9th Floor has a adjoining door. This then means I can here the couple next door constantly at it... Please keep the noise down. American people are just so loud!!	
Jan 18 2008 	Perfect place to discover NY	Based on the several positive reviews on Tripadvisor regarding this hotel, I booked it for a 5-days trip in January 2008. I confirm that the critics wre right !Excellent hotel and staff, wonderful location as homebase for visiting New York (right in the middle of it !).Positive points :- Very large room and well equipped (best bed I've ever had, LCD TV, Free WiFi, microwave, fridge)- Friendly staff (especially Donald the bell man, always ready to give you some good advices and help)- Great breakfast at the Pigalle resto- Zip check out system, allowing to check out by pushing a button (no need to queue at the reception).Negative points : - Got a room at the 6th floor, next to the elevators and Ice-machine. Room has view on a ugly wall and was a ittle bit noisy (probably the subway or the lift). Not a probem for me, but people sensitive to noise should ask for a room on the upper floors. Except for the single less positive point, I do highly recommend this hotel. Tavel tips :- Good place to eat in the neighborhood : the Ciro trattoria across the street or the Andrew Diner on the 34th Street (between 8th &amp; 9th Avenue).- Food Emporium next door, and lots of fast foods/shops within 5 min walking distance.	
Jan 14 2008 	Perfect for Midtown!	This was a great hotel. The front desk was always busy, but the staff was always friendly. Checking in was a breeze.There was never a wait for the elevator, something that I have found to be a big problem in New York. My 12th floor room looked out over 8th Ave--not the city's prettiest, but it was a view nevertheless. It was also suprisingly quiet.The room was of average size, but it was clean and it had the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The ergonomic chair at the work desk was great, and the high-speed internet was free!The bathroom was fairly plain, but clean.The room had a mini-fridge and a microwave, so the Food Emporium next door to the hotel was a great alternative from always needing to eat out. Buy gourmet food and take it with you.The only minor complaints were that the printer was not working in the business center, and there was not much to the exercise room, although you really don't need it--you will want to walk everywhere anyway.You cannot ask for a better location in Midtown. You are within walking distance from all Broadway shows, and sights such as Rockefeller Center, MoMA, Central Park, and world-class shopping on 5th Avenue. Plus, the subway station was just a block away.This is a hidden gem that won't stay hidden for long.	
Jan 14 2008 	BIG rooms for Midtown....great price!	I took my mom to NYC for the first time this January, and after some searching thought the Hilton Garden Inn was about as good as we were going to get, location wise. It's 2 blocks from the subway, a couple of blocks from the theaters, and just far enough away that you don't have to swim through tourists to get to your hotel. The staff was friendly, the doormen were wonderful and all in all we had a great time!The rooms are REALLY big by NYC standards. I had a double queen room and it was a &quot;normal&quot; sized hotel room!	
Jan 14 2008 	Unwelcomed Visitor in Our Room	I stayed at this hotel with my husband and 2 children on Mother's Day weekend 2007. The room was big enough for all of us, the hotel staff was very nice except for the front desk. On our last night, we were awakened by a scratching noise, at first we thought it was coming from the next room but the noise would stop when ever we made any noise. My husband got out of bed to take a look around and was shocked to find a mouse chewing on a shopping bag I had left on the floor. I was horrified and disgusted, needless to say nobody could not go back to sleep, even though we didn't get to bed until after midnight. I complained to the front desk clerk at checkout that morning, she did not seem very surprised. She apologized but did not offer us anything for our dreadful experience. I asked to speak to the manager, but was told to wait. I told her we could not wait because we were on a tight schedule that morning. I told her to please tell the manager of our experience and to contact us. I'm not surprised that no one ever contacted us, I am very disappointed with this hotel and their staff, especially by their lack of concern for their guest and their uncleanliness. I will never stay here again.	
Jan 13 2008 	Stop thinking - book it!	Spent a long time researching hotels in NYC and decided to stay here as reviews were good. We weren't disappointed. Brilliant location only 200 yards from Times Square and the 'theatre' area of Broadway. Subway and bus routes also only a couple of minutes walk away. Being in middle of Manhattan is definitely to be recommended as there are no long journeys to get around. We were given a great welcome at the Hotel and nothing was too much trouble for the staff. Room was much larger than expected and was clean and comfortable. Maid service excellent. Did get woken up on a few occasions by sirens but hey - this is NYC and it never sleeps. You could have the same problem even if you stayed in the suburbs - so don't be put off.Overall, 10 out of 10 for the place and very happy with the prices.Don't waste a load of time like I did surfing the net - book now!	
Jan 12 2008 	Wonderful place to stay	What a tremendous place to stay in this amazing city. This was our favourite US accommodation on our honeymoon 'around the world'. The location was fantastic, rooms extremely clean and modern and we'd love to stay again. Despite contacting the bookings persons many times before our stay to ensure my allergies were catered for we were met with much arrogance and rudeness from the reception staff upon our arrival. This was the only negative however. We loved it!	
Jan 9 2008 	Perfect Location Perfect Hotel	The rooms are clean, updated and roomy (for New York)! A microwave and empty mini fridge are in every room. Definitely request a high floor - 8th street is definitely a busy street. The only negative we experienced was a very unfriendly front desk clerk, I believe his name was Terry. We were greeted by an annoyed man who asked us our name, asked for a credit card and gave us our room. I guess effiecient, but definitely not even close to welcoming. Good thing the room and location is really what matters:)Location, location location!	
Jan 7 2008 	This hotel saved our stay!	We had booked another New York hotel as part of East Coast tour of Boston, New York and Washington.The hotel we had originally booked was so awful we didn't bother unpacking our suitcases. After ringing around and internet searches we settled on the Garden Inn Times Square.I know these are corporate hotels - but compared to our first hotel it was paradise! Great location, great staff, great room and the attached French Bistro served great food.Checking in to this hotel ensured we had a great trip to NY and for all the right reasons.	
Jan 4 2008	A Perfect 10!	We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The staff was very friendly &amp; accommodating. We requested &amp; received a corner room, and it was was huge - enough space for a king bed, sitting area, roll away bed; plus the desk, TV credenza &amp; bag stand. The location is ideal - just a short 1 block walk to Times Square, convenient to restaurants, drug stores, Starbucks &amp; the Subway. We'll definitely stay here again.	
Dec 31 2007 	Brilliant!	Lovely hotel!The location is fab - near enough to all the attractions but not so that near you've got 1001 people rushing passed the hotel entrance...The staff are friendly, although the conceirge weren't always as helpful as we'd hope - it might be worth just asking shop assistants ect whilst you're out and about for advice - the guy in Levi's told us to go shopping in Soho, and we wouldn't have found out about it otherwise!The room was fine - we got the 14th floor which I suppose was a lot quieter than the lower floors... Try and get a high floor as 8th Ave does have a lot of traffic (inc a fire station next door!)Some people have commented that the decor 'is a bit tired'. It's true - it's not totally up-to-date but it's more than fine. If you're going to worry about things like that - maybe New York isn't the city for you! You shouldn't be sitting in your hotel room - you should be out exploring!!!The shop downstairs (the Pantry in the lobby) did stock drinks etc and the deli across the road is fine for pizza slices etc.Highly recommend the restaurant next door - Pigaelle - served great breakfasts and the staff were v friendly. Best cup of tea we found in NYC!50th Street subway just opposite the hotel very handy. We got to Brooklyn within 20 minutes...Highly recommend this gotel :)x	
Dec 18 2007 	Very friendly	This hotel is very friendly. This was our first stay in New York and they were very friendly and helpful. Donald the bellman spoiled us and gave us great tips for getting around. Convenient and clean.	
Dec 13 2007 	Great place-location	Second Thanksgiving stay at Times Square HGI. Yes get a higher floor if you can, NYC is a noisy city.Room clean, comfortable, well kept. Staff was VERY accomodating.On the breakfast plan, ate next door at Pigalle. Food was good, servers RUN- they are very busy. One block off Times Square, ten minute walk to Rockefeller center, 5th ave. Twenty minute walk to central park.	
Dec 11 2007 	Enjoyed Our Stay	We had a wonderful stay here. The Front desk is friendly, fast and accomodating. The Concierge (Olga and Agnes) pleasant and try hard to get tickets you need.Our room (request a floor above 6th) was clean and quiet. In fact, when I booked I casually mentioned on the phone that it was our wedding anniversary. On our first night we were greeted with a wonderful anniversary cake in our room..compliments! The hotel is in a great location. I highly recommend this place.PS: I am constantly surprised by the people who complain about the street noise in their New York Hotel rooms. Hey folks..it's the Big Apple..you want quiet book a room in Des Moines:)	
Dec 8 2007 	Good location 	Stayed at this hotel for three evenings during the week of December 3. It was one of the lower priced hotels available in the Times Square area (the closest competitor price-wise was the Paramount, and given the TripAdvisor reviews for that hotel, I chose not to stay there!).The good:- Free highspeed (wired) in the rooms, wireless in the lobby- Free bottles of water (for Hilton Hhonors members)- Location- Lots of nearby restaurants- Reasonable sized mini-fridge, reasonably new microwave, and LCD TV (although with only an SD signal an old TV would have been fine)The bad:- Street noise is bad, but being on the 6th floor, I heard almost nothing after 10 PM- Cost, although that is true of all hotels in the area- The bathroom paint (especially the door) needed to be redone (see photos)If I had to stay within walking distance of Times Square, I'd stay here again...	
Dec 8 2007	good and bad about this hotel	we arrived on nov 28th at hgi,the plus sides were fantastic location-take a left out of hotel and a left again and youre right in the heart of times square.the adjoining restaurant served good food but there was better to be had at the olympic diner opposite the hotel.minus points were-intermittant hot water,the heating pipes banged continuously as if someone was knocking on a door-which by the way i looked out several times to see who it was before finally realising what it was.and the hotel seems to have been built directly on top of the subway which vibrated in the rooms (even though i was on the 6th floor)-and yes the sirens and horn blowing in cars were constant but then thats what i went for-to enjoy the real new york and oh boy i did,i probably wouldn't stay at the hotel again the carpets were stained and peeling wall paper and could do with an overhaul.	
Dec 5 2007 	Not a Fan of the Hilton Garden Inn	We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn during our mini vacation to NYC. Our room was on the second floor. It was the ugliest hotel room I've ever been in. The entire decor needs updating and the comforters were stained. Being so close to the street, we heard every fire truck and police siren that went by. This happened all night long. To top it all off, the hotel incorrectly called our room at 12:30 a.m. On the plus side, it's in a great location and there's a great diner across the street for breakfast. We won't be staying there again.	
