	Disappointment	I had high expectations for this hotel given its reputation, and was really wowed by the architecture upon entering. Things went mostly downhill from there. The staff lacked the warmth and willingness to assist I would expect from a Four Seasons. This was obvious from the moment we checked in, but got worse when we notified the front desk that we had no hot water. They said they would flip a switch and get the hot water running, but that did not happen. When we called again, they finally sent a repairman (rather than simply send us to a room that had hot water). He still did not get it fixed. After calling one more time and getting blown off, we just shivered for the rest of our visit (it was snowing outside). Smaller issues, but ones that I would not expect at this hotel: dirty dishes stacked up and abandoned on a tray next to us at the restaurant; a 45-minute wait for room service to bring granola and coffee, with no explanation offered. The room is big by NY standards and of course the location is great, but St. Regis and Ritz-Carlton are far superior in terms of the appointment of the rooms and service in this area.	
Oct 5 2009 	Heavenly	Possibly one of my favorite hotels I have ever stayed in. I cannot rave enough about the service, location, rooms, or the physical building itself (designed by a world-famous architect). I would recommend this hotel to anyone in a heartbeat... anyone with the wallet fat enough...	
Oct 5 2009 	Too much "attitude" better nyc hotel choices	I feel compelled to write because this is the first time my husband and I have stayed at The Fours Seasons Hotel in NYC and we found it to be less than what we expected. Our complaints are minor, but when you stay in one of the &quot;best&quot;, you expect that level of service. We had stayed at The Four Seasons in Boston over the summer and found it to be magnificent, unfortunatley we did not find that in NYC. Here is our list of &quot;problems&quot;. We ordered breakfast on Friday A.M. that came with a piece of hair on the cream cheese and hair on the table cloth, Saturday morning breakfast arrived 15 minutes later than the time we were told it would arrive. We wanted to dine at Nobu and the concierge told us that he could not get us a table until after 11PM. My husband called Nobu from his phone and we received a 7:30 PM dinner reservation. On Saturday, we asked to speak with a manager to relay some of our unpleasant experiences. We prefaced our conversation, that we thought the hotel should know the less than stellar moments of our stay, but we did not expect anything from the hotel, except to know that we were &quot;heard&quot;. The manager said he would have someone follow up with us the next day. No one ever did. If you are someone heading to NYC, stay at the St. Regis on 55th and Fifth Avenue. There, you will find excellent service, stunning rooms and suites, incredible food, perfect bell staff, accomodating concierge staff, agreeable front desk and perfect housekeeping. We have always stayed at the St. Regis and we will never venture from there again. The St. Regis lacks the &quot;stuffy attitude&quot; and offers incredible service, where they will always appreciate your business and remember your name. Sometimes you really do need to venture away to truly appreciate what you have. On a side note, if you want incredible cupcakes go to CRUMBS on 53rd and Madison. Our son's favorite is &quot;smores&quot;, we love the &quot;cookie dough&quot;.	
Sep 6 2009 	What a location from which to explore New York	Our eldest has just started college in New York, so we took the little ones out to see where she would be living and also a chance for them to see New York.They saw all the usual attractions, including the Beast Speed boat - crazy!!We stayed in the Four Seasons and it was a lovely hotel - very friendly - great location - good sized roomsThey recommended some great little restaurants for us to eat in and a great dinner for the kids to experience a full on American breakfast !!	
Aug 17 2009 	Lovely but $Ouch	The room is without a doubt lovely, the bathroom is possibly the best in any hotel I've every stayed. The staff were friendly enough, a bit stuck up in the bar. We paid $750 a night just for the room. I'm thinking that overall it's a tad pretentious.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good but not great	This is my tenth FS property and my least favorite. I could not understand how any FS hotel could rate so low on TA, but one stay here and you may know why it is middle-ranked. For the price the service should be flawless and for the most part the staff held true to this. The spa staff, concierge desk and housekeeping department were top notch. The front desk also did a fantastic job. However, the doormen and bellmen failed miserably on nearly every arrival/departure from the hotel. I think living in NYC requires grit, attitude and a gimic; and the FS staff can give you plenty of that. Maybe I am a naive, over-friendly, optimistic country mouse, but it sure would be nice to at least get a greeting from the staff when you're paying $1000 a night.The one shocker is that the spa is located seven floors underground. A sinking thought to be in the bowels of NYC. Ask for the fire escape plan on arrival and try to settle into a relaxing massage with this on your pragmatic mind.Not worth the asking price. Get half the price and twice the service at The New York Palace.	
Jul 6 2009 	The Best in the City	I've never been disappointed by a stay at this hotel. The staff is always perfect. The service is typical Four Seasons, always there when you need them, with no flaws. The bathroom is huge, with one of the fastest filling tubs I've ever seen in a hotel. The walk-in closet/dressing area is HUGE. Lights are on dimmers in every room. The curtains and shades are powered. The views of Central Park and the city were perfect. The front desk staff and concierge addressed me by name every time I passed the desks, and always with a smile. The elevators are incredibly fast. The hotel location could not have been better. The bed is one of the most comfortable I have ever slept on.	
Jun 29 2009 	First Rate but pricey	Very comfortable, luxurious rooms. Not fancy, but extremely well appointed a comfortable. Prices a bit silly, especially for food and beverage, but this is the top of the heap in New York.	
Jun 7 2009 	new york new york	great location. Close to central park. Close to shopping. A quick taxi to time square. Rooms are clean and roomy. staff was very nice. Be prepared for the cost of drinks and food.	
May 30 2009 	Fantastic location fantastic staff fantastic hotel	I arrived at the hotel extreamly early, 6am. Thinking I would have to leave my luggage and see New York before getting into my room. But I was wrong. Upon arrival, I was greeted by a Doorman, who had my luggage taken away and walked me to the Front Desk. Once I gave my name, that was it, nothing else was needed. Due to my time of arrival, my room was still occupied, but they were kind enough to upgrade me to a beautiful room (1006). This room had a balcony, which for New York is rare, huge walk in closet. The bathroom was just splendid. Internet was dead cheap, either $10 or $20 for 24h cant quite remember. But the connection was fast. The cleanliness was 100%.All staff that I came across where nothing but polite and welcoming. To the point where I even had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Sharpe (Founder &amp; CEO of Four Seasons) himself at the front desk.The only down fall, and its just a small thing, during room service I ordered the Lobster Spagetti, which to be honest, the Lobster tasted as if it had been frozen. Very Chewy and hard to get through. But everything else and my whole stay in New York was such a blast this didnt bother me.	
May 27 2009 	PERFECT - just how it should be	We are just back from a 4 night vacation at the Four Seasons in Manhattan. We considered many places (Mandarin Oriental, The Peninsula, The NY Palace), as the rates advertised were substantially lower than the FS, but we are just glad we finally stayed there. Business being what it is in the US currently, and the low season starting in NYC, all hotels did big rebates. This is not FS policy. They do packages instead, which bring the tab from obscenely expensive to something more affordable. Taking advantage of the &quot;Stay Longer&quot; package (stay 3 nights, pay only 2) + one week-end rate, a Premium Deluxe room set us back $850 nightly, plus taxes.CHECK-IN was extremely prompt and smooth. Our request to get the highest available floor, with the best possible view was well taken into account, within the category booked. Room 2901 was on the 29th floor, and boasted a roaring view of Central Park. We were glad we did not book a Tower Parkview Room, which would have cost $300 extra per night. Our luggage was brought up after a couple of minutes. Great bellman, who welcomed me &quot;back&quot;, and did a perfetc tour of the room.The ROOM was extremely large, especially by NYC standards. Typically Four Seasons, meaning that you do not really recongnize the city where you are by just looking to the room. I stayed there 7 years ago, and the room has not aged. It has been updated with flat screens TVs in the room and bathroom (huge channel selection). Spotlessly clean, with plenty of storage, and a great dressing area. The highlight of the bathroom is the fast filling tub, which truly fill up in under a minute. Eventhough I know it and had used it previously, it caught me off-guard. View was awesome : Central Park to the north west only interrupted by The Pierre hotel, and city views to the north east.SERVICE is perfect. They take all expectations into account, and go over the top to please you. I called reception with a standing request of 4 bath towels at any given time, and ample toiletry supply. I could have started a towel and toiletry shop at the end of the stay ! They noticed I had put on the floor a third bath rug. They replaced the 2 small one by a single larger version. Evening turndown would blankly respect the privacy sign, and slip a note under the door instead. They did came up at any notice.Our request of a later check-out time was graciously met : they offered a 4 pm c/o at no charge, which was less than we needed, but more than we expected. They stored our luggage, and we enjoyed the Spa facilities for a shower before heading to JFK, at no charge.Doormen open the doors for you ; they never miss to spot you on your way in or out, and greet you with a smile and kind word. Well, in many NYC high end hotels, they keep themselves busy counting their tips instead.Overall AMBIANCE is that of a very high end hotel. Stepping in the spectacular lobby, all marble and high ceilings, is a welcome relief of the noise, hustle and bustle of the city. It mostly caters to corporate people, and the crowd behaves, does not shout out, and is very well groomed. Even if we were flip-flop types, which we are not, we would not feel comfortable walking around in a too relaxed outfit.FOOD : we tried breakfast once. &quot;57&quot; was fully booked, so they redirected us to &quot;TY&quot; across the lobby. Spectacular settings, great service, corparate crowd &quot;strategizing&quot; and &quot;needing to restrategize&quot;. I was not overly impressed by the food selection. We went for the Park Avenue menu. At $40++ p/p, it featured coffee and juice, 2 pieces of toast, a coupleof eggs any style and 3 strips of bacon. I acknowledge it is the right rate for a FS ; quality was very good ; but it did not deliver the right quantity : it was on the scarce side for us, especially before a day out walking the city.We had all other breakfasts at Norma's @ The Parker Meridien, a short 10-minute walk west on 57th street. For a similar price, we had unexpected menu selection, outstanding quality and quantity, in a somewhat noisier and stepped down dining room.We enjoyed the bar. Good drink selection. We did not love the settings : too many armchairs around tables, too few settees aroung coffee tables. Highly but rightly priced, for that kind of place : $8++ Coke, and $22++cocktails.OVERALL we loved the place. We were sad to leave, and would go back any time. Could it improve ? Hardly. Well perhaps at these rates, some fresh flowers in the room, and a bottle of water at evening turndown (which they do at other locations) would not hurt. And would not go them bankrupt !	
May 6 2009 	Four Seasons New York - Worth it !	I recently stayed at the Four Seasons in NYC and I really enjoyed it !Really good location that brings you close to everything you need in New York.For a excellent dining experience you can also try TAO right next to the hotel.Highly recommended !	
Apr 15 2009 	elegant and worth every dime	was out here for a three day business trip. Took my wife along and ended uo staying three more days after the business convention was done. Took her shopping, had a blast!Highly recommend the benz and bed package, Newyork can be very crowded but overrall we had a great time romancing eachother for the reminder of the days. Fine cuisine, excellent staff.	
Apr 1 2009 	big rooms good food good location...not so great for kids	I took my daughter to NYC for shopping. She is a toddler and I researched hotels looking a family friendly one.This does claim to be family friendly.All was fantanstic...except room service was not great..often they forgot small items for a &quot;child menu order&quot; such a spoon she could actually fit in her mouth, no sippy cups, and the breakfast area in the morning, while lovely, is filled with primarily business professional. We were a real stand out.The crib in the room was large, they did provide a nice kid set of shampoo, baby wash. the diaper genie provided was dirty...yuckOverall, I would stay there again..but maybe try a different hotel for my family experience	
Feb 4 2009 	Great Room Awesome View Good Service	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights in January. We are in our late twenties. This was our first experience staying at a Four Seasons Property. We will be visiting the one in Bora Bora in May 2009. The front desk was professional and friendly. The bell boy gave us a thorough run through of the hotel and our room. We were on the 45th floor and had a great view of Central Park. There was a nice bottle of Champagne and chocolate covered strawberries in our room when we arrived.We didn't order room service or use the spa. We were out and about in the city most of the time. The room was clean and very functional. We needed an iron and it was brought promptly and so was the replacement hair dryer we requested.We loved the bathroom and the tub that filled up in 60 seconds. In only 2 days my husband took 4 baths! Imagine that!Overall we had a great stay and the Four Seasons, not sure if we would return since there are so many other great hotels in NYC in other neighborhoods that we would love to experience.	
Jan 29 2009 	Typical Wonderful Four Seasons	We stayed at the Four Season New York for three days prior to our trip to Anguilla, and then for another day on the way back. The hotel is typical Four Seasons --- impeccable service, great bar and food, and wonderful rooms. The concierge service is among the best we ever utilized at any Four Seasons. They got us into the best restaurants on very short notice, easily arranged for limo service, and even handle getting a prescription filled. Emmanuel should get a raise!The bar was terrific and made for great people watching. Plus, the martinis were sensational. The workout room and spa more than satisfied our needs.The rooms were as good as ever, and the views from our 49th floor were unmatched. Chris, the bellman, couldn't have done more for us. A special thanks to Liz for all her help in getting our reservations taken care of. I don't think I would ever consider any hotel but the Four Seasons on subsequent trips to New York.	
Jan 12 2009 	Great Hotel...some issues	I have stayed in New York many times and this hotel is by far the best! The room was amazing with lots of space and light pouring in from all directions. I could have lived in the bathroom it was so big! And with a flat screen TV on the counter, I soak in the tub and watched the news every morning! The lobby is grand and impressive and I loved the lights that focused right on the concierge desk. The bellman gave us a great suggestion to go to Carniege Deli for lunch one day..WOW!! We brought him back half our sandwhich.Now the negitives...The front desk was so cold they felt like you could not approach them. I don't know if they were too professional or if that was the New York attitude shining through. The bartenders were also very straightfoward, no chit- chat just make the drink and move on. And if you are paying $20 for a martini you expect a little smile at least. Other than the cold welcome from these particular areas the hotel was great.	
Jan 1 2009 	Fabulous Stay!	Our stay at the FS - NY was absolute perfection. Liz, the executive assistant to the regional VP of FS, came out to greet my husband and I as we checked in - we were personally escorted to our suite - which overlooks central park and many high rise buildings. I shopped at Chanel, Dior, and Jacob &amp; Co...and to my delight, everyone was aware I was coming in to shop and I was greeted at Chanel with champagne and Dior with all the handbags I was looking for awaiting me... My hubby and I came back to the FS in the evening, and since it was his bday, they had his favorite cake and fruit awaiting us... The next morning...It was a late night since it was NYE and the guest manager called asking us if we would like a late checkout which was very much needed after a late night out! The service is spectacular and the rooms are immaculate and cozy especially for NYC. This hotel is def much better and more service oriented than the Beverly Wilshire. We will def be staying here again!!	
Dec 24 2008	One of the Best Hotels in New York	The Four Seasons in New York lives up to the FS standards. We arrived from LaGuardia via limo and were greeted by name with smiling faces to a place that we had never stayed before. We were early therefore naturally our room wasn't ready, so they offered us a complimentary drink in The Bar, which five minutes into they told us our room was ready. We decided first to adjorn to L'Atelier de Joel Robouchon (hotel's signature restaurant) for lunch before going up to our room. The room (actually suite) was spectacular. On a very high floor with views of the city and Central Park. The bathroom was one of the nicest I have ever seen. The Spa was just as gorgeous as the rest of the hotel, at five floors below ground though it is a tad scary going down to it. My masseuse was great and the massage really relaxed me! 57 is another good restaurant in which we had Brunch on Sunday and breakfast once. The hotel has an excellant location (across the street from Turnbull and Asser on 57 btw. Madison and Park) You are so close to all the good restaurants and shopping)I would definatly go back in the future!	
Dec 21 2008	Bare Feet in the Restaurant!	Well, normally eating breakfast in the FSH is a great experience but apparently their dress codes have changed. This morning -- Sunday, December 21, 2008 -- four of us sat right next to a guy with an ugly shirt, wrinkled pants AND BARE FEET. Yes, you read that right. he did not come to the restaurant with shoes and then take them off, he came into the restaurant with no shoes and spread out across the floor so everyone could enjoy his feet. NO ONE AT THE RESTAURANT SAID A THING TO HIM -- NOT THE CUSTOMERS -- IT'S NOT THEIR JOB -- BUT NONE OF THE STAFF OR MANAGEMENT EVEN APPROACHED HIM. As I left, I told one of the staff that I was waiting for shirtless Sundays. Really, really, bad form for a $250 breakfast. Guess The Four Seasons really needs the business.	
Dec 14 2008 	So disappointing	We have been all over the world and have stayed at many Four Seasons. The New York Four Seasons is just not even in the same league as its fellow FS hotels. You expect absolute cleanliness, at a minimum, at a FS property. Not the case in NY. The carpet in the hallways is dated, stained, sewn in places on the 15th floor where we stayed. The air was stale, and filled with that old smoke filled hotel room smell. Our room needed a thorough dusting. Let's be frank, if you've got the money to stay at a FS, your home probably has flat screens, big bathrooms, and nice furniture and lighting. Why leave home for leisure time if you don't get a more superlative experience with personal attention, perfect cleanliness, and a bit of pampering? If you're looking for that kind of experience at a Four Season property, go to their Jackson Hole or Vancouver spots. We'll stay at the Peninsula or the Ritz Carlton the next time.....Probably the Peninsula as they have pool and new spa opening in a couple of weeks. How sad........	
Oct 25 2008 	Completes the Four Seasons chain	I booked through the hotel's website. Simple and easy. From leaving the limo out front, you have someone to take your bags and another to open the doors. The Four Seasons always has perfect service.The lobby is beautiful and has a marble-look feel. It reminds me of a calm, cozy coffee shop but hotel-style. Check-in was simple and we went straight up to our rooms.There is no pool though, which was kind of a disappointment. But, the spa was very lavish and the staff was extremely friendly. I've stayed at many Four Seasons before and this is definately in my top 5. My other favorites include Las Vegas (quiet sanctuary in crazy city), Miami (relaxing atmosphere by ocean), Bora Bora (cultural journey), and Beverley wilshire (classic stay). NY just completed the pack with (sophisticated and warming)	
Aug 25 2008	Classic perfection in modern setting	first rate amid the hustle and bustle of NYC, thoughtful (umbrellas for all guests to take when it rains) great Restaurant.Rooms picture perfect.	
Aug 16 2008 	Pure Perfection	Let me start off by saying that my expectations were surpassed in my 2 night stay. It was my Birthday weekend and I was greeted with a wonderful cake and a bottle of champagne in my room. The room itself was immaculately maintained, spacious, quiet and clean. Yevgeniy (the bellman) assisted me with my luggage, he did a wonderful job going over everything in the room. He was very kind and efficient. The hotels restaurant was nice, amazing food, and has one of a kind chef Nick who's just a star! He truly knows how to wow people; it was the level of service, friendliness, and professionalism that did it all. My friends and I were treated like royalty. All in all the service was impeccable and genuine; a perfect balance between formality and familiarity. Thanks for everything!	
Aug 4 2008 	Fabulous Weekend in NYC	My husband and I just celebrated our anniversary with a weekend stay at the Four Seasons New York. It was such an indulgent treat in many ways - the beautiful and spacious park suite, the luxurious room amenities, the incredible view...all signs of a great hotel. Another sign - the gracious and attentive staff. The spa staff, bellmen, front desk, concierge, room service, housekeeping - they all deserve high praise. It was a wonderful experience from start to finish. Next time, perhaps we'll have the chance to try the restaurants. On Saturday night, we opted for one closeby (on 61st) called Aureole, which was phenomenal. Thanks to the concierge who suggested it.	
Jul 25 2008 	Everything works at Four Season NYC	I had a very pleasant stay in July at Four Seasons New York. At the arrival we got upgraded to a room with a balcony, which was just wonderful, and although we were below floor 10, the traffic noise didn't bother.In-room breakfast was delivered quickly and it was deliciuos. It is actually nicer than eating breakfast down at the reastaurant, which is a bit crowded.Location is very good indeed, so many things are within walking distance. Consierge services are impeccable. I had problems with charging my mobile, but they took care of it, they book us a table to a restaurant in Village which is nearly impoosible to get table in, and in so many other ways they were able to help with the most polite and friendly attitude. Very professional!I was not too impressed by the spa services though. The spa area is nice and tidy, though. And if you have a late flight, they allow you to use the spa facilities the whole check out day, which is nice.I feel that the front desk staff was also very frendly and efficient. If you want everything to work fine and like to trust that &quot;my hotel can help me with this&quot;, go to four seasons nyc.	
Jul 20 2008 	Perfect location	We stayed here last December and had an exceptional stay. Spacious room, masses of wardrobe space, huge and perfect bathroom, fantastic views and the most helpful staff &amp; concierge Ive ever met. It is in a fantastic location - and is absolubtly everything a good hotel should be.Only negative - was the Joel Robuchon restaurant, the food wasnt bad but portions were tiny and despite ordering twice the reccomended amount we didnt stumble across a single dish we would rave about. Not a disaster - but there are an abundance of better places about. Wouldnt go back to Atelier - but would return to the hotel anytime.	
Jul 17 2008 	Not Great !!!!	Really poor for this normally excellent chain of hotels. Rooms although big are uncomfortable and you can hear everything in the hallways. Rude reception staff, I was obviously not a big enough mover or shaker for them. I will not return far more better hotels to stay in.	
Jun 25 2008	a disappointment...	Stayed four nights at FSNY June 2008. Check in was quick and we were taken to room by front desk rep. A good start. The room was dated at best. The bedspread needed replacing and we put it away for the rest of our stay. The room furnishings were worn (leather chairs were scratched, etc...) The bathroom had peeling paint on the ceiling and the shower handle fell off and we had to call maintenance which did fix it. The terrace had so much mold on the floor (Room 705) that we could not be outside without shoes on. The terrace table was covered in dirt and unusable. Weeds were growing on the corner of the terrace.Room service was late every time and did not even include water. At these prices, a dirty tablecloth on the room service tray is not acceptable. Our hallway was full of marks from luggage, etc.. and needed repainting. Housekeeping was good. Bathrooms are dated as is the hotel in general. There is no room in the lobby to sit down unless you are eating in one of the restaurants. Location is great, as is the house car (a silver Phantom) if you are lucky enough to snag it.This hotel is not in the same league as the Mandarin or St. Regis. The service is not there and the maintenance is not there. The prices are on par with the best New York Hotels, however.	
Jun 25 2008 	Save Your Money!!! Not Worth It!!!	I stayed at the Four Seasons in New York for 2 nights, and all I can say is....Don't ever stay here. I thought it was the worst Four Seasons and Worst hotel I had ever stayed in. My room was spacious, but dirty, the wood lamp in the room was peeling and cracked, there was a paste substance that I did not know where it came from were in the cracks of the sofa. The management was not any help. They offered a small discount, but for the price I paid, which was $900 a night, was not at the least worth it. The staff were not helpful. All they did was merely apologize and that was it. The lobby was nice and clean and the food was decent, but don't judge a book by it's cover on this hotel.	
Jun 8 2008 	Will never go back	We just returned from a two day stay at the Four Seasons in Manhatton. It was the worst 5 star hotel experience I have ever had. I would not stay there again if the room was free.Upon arriving to our room, we discovered we did not have the room we reserved. We called the manager, and he said it was a nice room. I told him it was not a nice room and it was certainly not the room we had requested or had been promised. It was a small room (called a suite). The living room, dining room and bedroom were all in one common space. And, that common space was not very big. This room cost $2995 a night.When we asked for the room we had specifically reserved, we were told the room was not available---it had been given to someone else. However, like a used car salesman, the manager said that we could have a room sort of like we had reserved for an additional $1200 per night. I have never felt so violated in my life. Shame on the Four Seasons.That was a bad start, but it got much worse. It was about 95 degrees outside. We noticed it was very hot in our room and reported it to the front desk. They said, not problem we will fix it. By bedtime on our first night, it was 88 degress in our room and we did not sleep much at all. The next morning we reported the problem three times before we left for the day, just so there was no confusion about the problem. We returned to our room at 11:30 PM that evening only to find the room was 88 degress again. We called the manager, who said &quot;that was corrected earlier&quot;. At that time I asked that he please come to our room to see this for himself. He did, and was appalled about the A/C not working. Somewhere around 1:00 PM, our air conditioner was working. We had a 9 AM filght the next day, so this was not much fun. Aslo, by this time, we also discovered that housekeeping had not cleaned our coffee pot (day old filter and coffee were still in the coffee maker). And, housekeeping had neglected to leave a single wastecan. Our simple requests for plenty of extra water was ignored each day.There were several other things wrong, but it would take me a hour to explain the experiece.I think that since there is new ownership, they are trying to cut corners at the expense of their customers. They also seem to be falling all over themselves to accomodate foreign customers which is fine. I am an American, and will not stay at a hotel that doesn't appreciate domestic travelers.I will never stay at a Four Seasons again (certainly not in NY). They are very overpriced and don't deliver the service that justifys their price tag.Gary W.	
Jun 7 2008 	Start Spreadin' The News--This is the best hotel in NYC	The quintessential NYC experience. We were on the 44th floor with views of this incredible city and, more specifically, Central Park. I simply have not had a bad service experience with four seasons hotels and this was no exception. Nice people, going out of their way to make us feel important and welcome was what we experienced here. Our room was very large and tastefully decorated. The tub filled up in about 50 seconds. The large head shower was like showering in a waterfall.The location of the hotel is wonderful being a short walk from Central Park on 57th, 5th, Madison and Park Avenues.The hotel has that buzz of an important place with investment bankers and lawyers more prevalent than lobbyists in DC. The clientele is also a cosmopolitan set from the corners of the world.There is a swanky bar that serves cool drinks and, while in NYC, one just feels like being cool for a few days.The only surprise was that upon checking in, we were given $100 towards our breakfast which seemed a deal. When I received our bill, a few eggs and a bowl of fruit for two adults and two little kids came to over $200. My breakfast has become an expensive meal!Other than that, it was a great stay and we'll be back when we return to NYC.	
Jun 2 2008 	One night is not enough ...	I wish we could stay longer, but living in NYC and staying in hotels is something we do only after we're not in any condition to hail a cab after dinner (hotel's L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon is exceptional) :-DEverything from the check-in to the room service to a few concierge assignments was flawless. Our room, a corner City View Tower Room, was spacious for one night, but we'd probably prefer something a tad bigger if we were staying an extra few nights. It was spotless and very bright, with UES views from its 37th floor. As always, everything requested during our stay was delivered instantly and I don't have anything negative to add or even anything to suggest to make the place better. I doubt we'll ever get to experience the NYC location for more than one night, that's when it'd be possible to review the property a bit better, but as it stands right now, our stay was perfect.	
Jun 2 2008 	Wonderful weekend stay	Just returned from a weekend at the wonderful Four Seasons Hotel, New York City. What's best about this hotel? Fabulous location, beautiful physical property and the incredible staff and service. We truly enjoyed the oversized rooms, amazingly comfortable beds and sheets and glorious bathrooms. The only flaw in our experience was the hotel charge of $8 per page to print our boarding passes...insignificant when considering the bill for our stay, but, irritating nonetheless.	
May 31 2008 	Fantastic as always.....	As usual, we stayed at The Four Seasons on our way back to The Hamptons. Great service as always, but what really made our stay special was that they helped us find a &quot;special protection company&quot; while we were here in NYC to help us get around. The company worked seamlessly with the hotel in catering to our special protective needs. Since my chauffer / bodyguard was unavailable that weekend due to a family situation. I don't like to travel w/o protection for my family. So, they contacted a company called &quot;Verdad Investigations &amp; Protection, Inc.&quot;. Apparently they have used them before, as evidenced by their professional services. We dealt with a wonderful man named Sean Noonan (Executive VP of Verdad). He was attentive to our needs and quite frankly, we would use their services again while we were in NYC. The hotel even worked directly with him and the concierge services. A great experience, as always. --Preston	
May 9 2008 	Four Seasons NYC the best in the world bar none	I booked two rooms for my wife's 50th birthday, one for my love and I, and one for our three children. Since, we are close to NYC, we opted to use Airbrook limo services to get there and back. The reason being that parking in Manhattan, especially valet parking is extremely dear. We actually saved money by using a limo service.Our experiences with the Four Seasons began in Philadelphia. One of my daughters is in university there. We decided to spend a weekend at Four Seasons philly, during move-in and were so satisfied, that it is now the only place we will stay in philly.ManhattanThe second we arrived, we were treated like honored family. We observed people that took this excellent service as their due. They were, in my opinion, snotty, self-indulgent and rude. We actually saw an older couple wearing His and Hers mink coats, LOL. Through it all, the staff were always the best.I had booked a balconey suite, though it was January in NYC. At check in, we were offered the 50th floor south suite. This has to be one of the most spectacular hotel rooms in the world. I'm sure that the 51st and Penthouse on the 52nd floor are superior. But the views cannot be any better. I say it again, there cannot be any better city view in the world. We could see the flashes of the cameras on the Empire State Building observation desk. The east balcony had views that ranged from Conn. to the statue of Liberty. The west balcony had views from Alpine to Long Island.ServiceSuperb, fantastic, what else can I say. My wife received extraordinary birthday favors delivered to the room. Champagne, chocolate covered fruits, robes, slippers, heated bathroom floors. etc.By the way, the tub has a sign that says it will fill in under 2 minutes and it Does!RestaurantL'Atelier, you need a new mortgage to eat here, but it is well worth it. We are foodies and truly enjoyed the tastings dinner.The concierge arranged a pre-theatre dinner at the Rainbow Room (tourist trap) but that was what we wanted. It was not an easy reservation to procure, especially the same day.On the other hand, I'm a smoker and I spent alot of time hanging out with the doormen outside. They were the epitome of real caring New Yorkers. All the staff are superb, we were very impressed with the level of service.My kids want me to list the stars and famous people they saw and met here. I'd have to say I only saw other guests. Then again, I'm a dummy.No better place in any city in the world.Unless it is on the company, be prepared to indulge the love of your life. She is worth it, as is mine.	
Apr 23 2008	enjoyable splurge	I stayed here for 3 wonderful nights late last month using a certificate for a free 3rd night that Four Seasons graciously sent me. I had stayed here before about 10 years ago and little seems changed in the public areas. The former 5757 restaurant is now the hot L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon, and the TY lounge was an unused space before, as was the area opposite the reception area, which is now a small art gallery with rotating exhibits. The hotel is very modern, designed by I. M. Pei, and was built from the ground up. The entry/lobby is grand, with a high &quot;wow&quot; factor. Service is top notch.I was given a considerable room upgrade to a deluxe premium--a corner room on the 24th floor (out of 52 floors) with huge windows on 2 sides. The room was quite large and as such seemed sparsely furnished but it really did not lack anything. Lines are clean, modern, simple. The room and dressing area are paneled with blond wood, the bath all marble, and the tub really does fill up in 60 seconds as widely touted.My package included breakfast--$100 could be spent anywhere. Breakfast is served in 3 venues downstairs, plus there's room service. Needless to say, everything is expensive, but $100 can adequately feed 2 people. The spa/fitness center, 4 levels below ground, is smallish but has all the needed amenities--spa, steam room, sauna, etc.I had been having shoulder problems, but was able to sleep well here--great bed! Given the luxurious surroundings, plus the included breakfast, I found I did not get out and about in the city nearly as early as in prior NYC visits. I didn't leave the hotel before 10 am, a good 2-3 hours later than usual.It is well known NYC has very high hotel room rates, and the Four Seasons surely is one of the more expensive, but this was a thoroughly enjoyable, decadent splurge.	
Apr 5 2008	Poor service - especially given the price	Staff didn't even know that there are two breakfast locations! We made reservations to meet friends. We asked where breakfast was served.Told only one place but they had no reservation. Meanwhile our friends were waiting at the second location - where there was a reservation under our name.At the exhorbitant prices the Four Seasons charges the staff should be more knowledgeable and better trained and when our reservation didn't show up it should have been suggested that there was an alternative location.And despite my leaving my phone number no manager has called to explain this embarassing snafu. The Four Seasons prides itself on superior service but failed miserably.And no the breakfast wasn't as good as it used to be either.	
Mar 14 2008 	Luxurious Break (but not for my wallet!)	Yet again, a lovely weekend wearing my corporate wife hat. I'm trying to sleep my way around the Four Seasons chain - a girl has to have ambition! (NB Same husband at each hotel though) We had a corner room on 21st floor - lots of room, but not much furniture. Felt a bit empty at first but got used to the space after a while. Bed wonderfully comfortable, comfy sofa and tables, desk etc - although there were a few worn patches on the sofa (tut tut 4S - less than perfection).Being a typical Brit I was desperate for tea in the morning. No in room facilities, and £11 for a cuppa... I was twitching when I flew back.The bathrooom - how fabulous! Big deep bath - filled in 60 seconds. Lovely soap &amp; stuff (sorry guys, kept pinching it each night so I had lots to take home). Big wonderful shower. Fluffy fluffy towels. I know it's irresponsible, but I had a bath every evning!Staff were soo friendly. Breakfast wonderful (but not cheap) with emphasis on quality, not quality. But when will American hotels get the hang of making tea???Tried out the spa (told you I was playing corporate wife) - very pleasant surroundings, friendly staff, but a bit $$, even for a Londoner!Convenient location - I'm not a great shopper but if that's your thing, you'll love the 4S. Easy to wander to Central Park for a bit of greenery, or down to the museums.Would happily return - and even pay for it myself!	
Feb 25 2008 	Winter wonderland	This really is a fantastic hotel. We were upgraded on arrival (thanks!) and our room was absolutely huge. Previous stays in NYC have generally involved tiny rooms, but not this time. Saying that, it is eye-wateringly expensive. One grumble. When ordering a cheese and tomato omlette for breakfast, I would have thought that they could source a better cheese than &quot;Squeeze Cheese&quot;. Yurgh. One final thing, the concierge was a master!	
Feb 15 2008 	A perfect stay!	Just arrived from the Four Seasons New York and loved it. At our arrival, we received a better room than the one we reserved. The reception gave us the room #2805, on the 28th floor, facing 57th St.Woowww!A corner room, with a view! As advice, observe that after the 24th floor, there is no other buildings at this heights on that face.Check our photos. A pair of windows make the room full of light.It has a closet, and a big bathroom.The service is very quick and the concierge veeerrrryyyy helpful.The only negative note is that the breakfast, either in the room or at the doesn't value what you pay for.Certainly, recomend and will return to this hotel, where we stayed for 6 nights.	
Feb 12 2008 	Incredible rooms wonderful hotel 	We had a wonderful time at the Four Seasons New York. My boyfriend and I spent 2 nights here late January, and the hotel is in the perfect location if you are looking for top of the line shopping and incredible restaurants (not to mention Central Park!)The rooms are huge -- I could not believe the size because NYC hotels, even at the 5 star level are usually on the smaller side compared to the rest of the world. But this room was definitely top of the line -- comfortable bed, amazing pillows, flat screen tv and also a flat screen in the bathroom. The bathroom is huge and clean, and well appointed to. The bathtub fills up in 60 seconds and is the best tub for a relaxing bath. The bar serves great drinks (at $22 a drink), and has a great menu to choose from. The front desk personnel are professional, and the doormen were fun to talk to.I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking for luxury, relaxation, and tons of entertainment right outside the door.	
Jan 24 2008 	We can't get enough of the Four Seasons	We stayed again at the Four Seasons NY, for my son's birthday celebration. It's hard not to like this place, where they pamper you endlessly, even if you're not a celebrity.During the Christmas season, there's a &quot;beany baby&quot; tree in the lobby, which the kids get to pick from at every meal, or just walking by. (The hotel is owned by Ty Warner, creator of Beanie Babies)We always opt to include breakfast with the rate, because we will eat the extra 60$ they charge to include it. There was a stay 2 nights, get 1 free, so it almost made it reasonable in cost.The location is great if you're looking to stay near the park, and the shopping is extremely close as as well.Whenever we can afford it , it's the four seasons or the St. Regis for us!	
Jan 13 2008	Beautiful Hotel but no wireless internet?	Hotel has a very asian flare. Expansive Lobby and comfy beds. Doormen and Concierge are world class. But the hotel still does not have wireless internet. How is this possible at a 5 star hotel in 2008? Our closet was the size of my first apartment. If you like to spoil yourself, stay at the Four Seasons and visit the spa but don't plan to curl up on your bed and get some work done. You have to hard wire into the Ethernet at the desk. 600 threadcount and no wireless = Above Average.	
Jan 13 2008 	Astonishing Palace - Wonderful Four Seasons	Wonderful stay at the Four Seasons Hotel New York so far the finest Hotel I have ever stayed in. My experience has been amazing if I value the physical features of the Hotel (including interior and exterior design/architecture) as well as the quality of service I received by all the staff, commencing from the doorman at your arrival. The Hotel is a 52-story building at a premier location 57 East 57 Street, between Park and Madison Avenue. For some reasons – such as the masonry building and the punched windows – it reflects the perfect tradition of New York and fits in it gorgeously, whereas in a different way itself stands alone: it is not a flat building but a light limestone cascade which creates an inviting scale for the main entrance. At each corner is set a lantern which at night create an invitation from the outside. The light honey colour of the limestone tower gives you a sense of well being and when you are inside it is all a surprise. LobbyImpressive, high ceiling with columns, onyx and limestone composes the foyer which is open onto the terraced lobby lounges on both sides. On one side there is 57 Restaurant and on the other side you have the TY Bar. Front Office/ConciergeThe reception is located past to the Concierge’ desk, which is in front of the main entrance. Staff is excellent – kind prompt friendly – they always come with a smile. Check-in is was quick and although the Hotel was fully committed we did not have to wait for our room to be ready. With the Concierge we only arranged a couple of sightseeing plus booked 2 dinner and experienced their insightful knowledge. RoomLarger than average Deluxe Room, even for NY standards with plenty of space for a comfortable sitting area with a divan, armchair – seating for 3 people with a large coffee table. The FS beds are marvellous all over the world, I would love to buy one for my home. There is a large oval table which serves either as a working desk either as a dining table. At the desk you do have the cable for the Internet connection, a printer/fax/scanner at your disposal and all the electrical devices for your laptop. The table faces the huge glass window, which itself overlooked the bustling 57th Street. Even if you are not staying at top floor – we were at 28th – you would definitely enjoy stunning views of the city. UpgradeOn our seventh and last night, we have been upgraded to an enormous 93 square metres studio-one-bedroom suite on the 50th floor (see picture). We enjoyed breathtaking views of Manhattan either at day and night and there was also a private terrace which we – unfortunately - cannot take advantage of because of a tight working schedule. All of our baggage have been packed and unpacked for the room move, but you have to authorize them for that. BathroomHuge full marble bathroom with ample space. Features: englassed walk-in shower and separated bath-tub that really fills-in within 60 seconds, it is a promise – perfect for a last minute relaxing bath after a long day of work or sightseeing. Luxurious Bulgari Amenities that are replenished twice daily. Excellent turn down service as per the picture and very nice touch the plasma TV screen.RestaurantsWe dine once at the outstanding l’Atelier de Joel Robuchon where we experienced an excellent service. The ambience is sophisticated and elegant yet casual. The kitchen is open onto the dining area and you can see the Chef at work, which is basically the meaning of the word “Atelier”. The dishes are tasteful – even if you are not a French cuisine fan – and presentation is top notch. You can even choose less formal dining options such as Express Menu which we enjoyed at the fairly reasonable price of USD 54. If you are looking for something less ambitious the 57 Restaurant is good as well and overlooks the main lobby. Great for business breakfast and/or lunch. At the TY Bar you can choose among a wide range of Martinis for appetizers or cocktails. This is facing the main lobby too, with a very nice fireplace. Breakfast:It is not buffet, of course, and you can choose among the most sophisticated combination of cold and hot dishes according to your low fat diet, or choose a Breafast Menu such as American/Continental/Japanese/Central Park: I loved the Central Park Menu and also tried the Japanese one with the finest grilled salmon and green tea I have ever tried. All of them are approximately at USD 30, except for the Japanese USD 47, which is not that much for what it is included. One breakfast menu can be sufficient for 2 persons or even for three. Fitness Centre:500 square metres of space for your daily routine with complimentary juice/water and cut fruits. A wonderful experience to start or end your day in the city, better if combined with the Spa. Spa:Whirlpool, Jacuzzi and Turkish bath are perfect for relaxing in a tranquil environment. Did not have massage/treatments and cannot judge on the quality and service but it certainly is overpriced. Negatives:Do not have a swimming pool and the spa area needs much more air and open spaces. Room featuresI would have chosen parquet floors, instead of carpets, to give much more elegance to the room fittings. Room Service:Overpriced, in fact each dish is not inclusive of service charge, delivery charge, 17% tax and sales tax and - of course - you have to tip the waiter. If you are on budget, go for an a la carte breakfast in the restaurant. Business Centre: the fee is expensive (i.e. 10 USD access + 1 USD per min + taxes) therefore, 1 hour for checking the e-mails and printing few pages comes to more than 70 USD. They should not charge for it and offer as complimentary.Overall experienceThis is definitely a place to stay in New York City.	
Jan 4 2008 	Wonderful service at the Four Seasons	I stayed here for three nights in December with my husband, who was on business. The room was wonderful, the closet space and bathroom enormous and there was nothing I could fault about it apart from the fact that we seemed to be on a housekeeping schedule that left our room until 3.30pm each day. It was really quite annoying to come back from a morning out and find the room still not done.My only other complaint is that the portions of anything from room service were enough for two or three people and it felt like a terrible waste. I expect though that this would be a real plus for a lot of people.Apart from the late housekeeping the service was really quite outstanding. I was treated like a valued, long term client despite it being my first stay and it really made me want to go back again - soon. The main restaurant is a Joel Rebochon which is wonderful at home in Monaco and just as good in New York. I ate there once for lunch and once at dinner - highly recommended!The price tag is high ($1,100 per night) but this is serious value for money.	
Dec 17 2007 	Disapointment +	We decided to give this hotel a try from many reviews, write ups and quite frankly, the Four Seasons name. What a disapointment! First of all, make sure your room is high up - for a modern hotel - the street noise is terrible. We checked in to our room on the 7th floor - long, narrow, sterile, average furnishings, and bedding. The nexy day the front desk did accomodate us in the move - however, we had asked for the move to happen while we were out as we would be rushed to get ready for an event once we returned to the hotel - not done, had to wait for our bags, and heard all sorts of excuses. Skip room service - does not arrive in the stated time, and by the time it is there one has cold eggs (nice job for $100/breakfast for two). The business centre is a total ripoff - $10 log in and $1/min. The location is great for shopping. The gym is great (the ONly really good thing about this hotel).Although the Penninsula is not perfect - they at least have more value for the stay - also there roof top bar is loads of fun in the summer. Will take my business back here.Obviously the Four Seasons chain doesn't keep a &quot;standard&quot;. The George V is amazing, and we call the Whistler Four Seasons our home away from home - New York, disapoints.	
Dec 13 2007	ummm??	Good location, average room for a huge price tag. If you're gonna spend that kinda money for a night, NY has better hotels to offer.	
Nov 17 2007 	Not up to expectations	I am a big Four Seasons Fan, and have stayed at many of their hotels. I stayed at the NY property on a business trip and was disappointed. The room I was first assigned to was oddly configured and extremely small (even by NY standards). I asked for a different room, and was graciously moved, but the new room lacked charm. I found it cold and unwelcoming. It was also very dark in the evening, even if I had all the lights on which made it difficult to work in the room.Please don't take me wrong, the hotel is still a Four Season location. The staff is wonderful, it is clean and it is definitely a luxury hotel. Just when I compare it to other properties in the city in the same class (ie The Peninsula), I just think the Four Season team could have done much better (and does). If you want to see it done right, visit their Chicago property (or better yet, their Maui one).	
Nov 15 2007	Expensive New York Favorite	I stayed at the Four Seasons New York for 5 nights in November, 2007. This is probably about my 6th stay over the past 5 years. Room rates and restaurant prices have increased with each stay and are very expensive. However, this hotel remains my favorite in New York. The facilities and service are outstanding as is the location on 57th between Madison &amp; Park. All staff encounters were of the highest level. Rooms are very large and spacious.There are only a few rooms per floor and rooms are very quiet. There is a little muffled street noise, but no sounds from adjoining rooms. You usually have an elevator to yourself.I ate for the second time at the L'Atelier restaurant which is an expensive adventure for those with gourmet tastes.Convenient to Lexington Avenue subway 59th &amp; 53rd Street stations.As an indulgence, this hotel is hard to beat.	
Nov 11 2007 	Great if you know what to expect	This is a great hotel and one that should put anyone in a [deluxe] New York state of mind; I.M. Pei made sure you feel like Bruce Wayne in the public rooms. The service and all the rest are as expected or better, with the Atelier restaurant worth an extra star in itself if you're a foodie.Rooms: If you expect a view you need to spring for the upper floor rooms. Know that the square footage is larger on the corner rooms below and as long as you clear the 20-25th floor, the view is basically the same as much higher up in the building; it becomes a question of improved view vs a few extra square feet. If you're a family of three to a room, definitely go for the larger room &quot;downstairs&quot;. Toddlers love the rooms as there are windowseats, hiding places, and everything is padded except the coffee table.Having said that, I've found I'm most comfortable in the low-end &quot;superior&quot; room ( the one a previous reviewer found facing into a wall) ((the ones facing west are better)). My reasoning is that unless I'm smack on the park or above the 50th floor, I'll pass on the view and go for comfort - the layout of these rooms on the side of the building is great with separate walk-in closet and bathroom to either side of the entrance hallway. Check out the floorplans offered on the 4S website for more.Cheapskates like yours truly will delight in buying their own water etc across the street on 58th street-entrance at Duane Reed, and there is an EXCELLENT coffee shop next to that called &quot;Oren's&quot;.	
Oct 22 2007 	Not worth the money...	My overall impression of this hotel is that it quite simply is not worth the $1200/night price tag. - The rooms are comfortable, but basic and the decor is unimaginative and lacks the luxurious touches expected of a hotel of this sort (there were no cushions on the sofa, no complimentary fruit and water in the room).- The check in was disastrous. One of our rooms was not ready yet, we were taken by a member of the reception staff to have a drink in the lounge. We were left standing at the entrance for 5 mins whilst the receptionist ensued in lengthy debate with the girl at the desk in the bar that we couldn't sit down for a drink as they were busy (they weren't); this situation could have been handled much better had someone taken charge. We were then taken all the way to the back bar where we were charged for our drinks (any other 5 star hotel would have given these to the client complimentary).- I asked the concierge for an adapter (as did the other half of our party in a different room), it took 2 phone calls and an hour to get this adapter to us).- Our room was not turned down on the second evening of our stay.- The first morning we booked breakfast with the concierge half an hour in advance, went down for breakfast and the restaurant told us they didn't have our booking.However, on the other hand:- The rooms are large with great views.- The lobby is fantastic and I don't think I have ever seen one to rival it.- The location for shopping is unparalelled.- The breakfast was fantastic.- If you can overlook the inefficient service, you realise it is warm and friendly.	
Oct 7 2007 	Absolutely Fantastic Hotel!	This hotel was by the far the most beautiful hotel we have every stayed in! What a fantastic property! Our room was incredibly comfortable, clean &amp; decorated with great taste. The closet leading the bathroom was a spacious bonus. We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel &amp; would highly recommend it to anyone coming to NYC.They were very helpful booking us for dinners at area restaurants &amp; providing transportation to a Broadway show.We will definitely stay here again!	
Sep 18 2007	Four Seasons best hotel in NYC!	This hotel can not be beat! It is a beautiful property. Location is great. Service impeccable! If you can afford it...do it!	
Sep 4 2007	Best Hotel in NY	Stayed here over Labor Day weekend. This hotel is phenomenal! Everything was perfect here! My girlfriend and I went for a girls weekend and stayed in a beautiful room overlooking 57th street- spacious and very simple. Bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom was huge! The hotel was booked ( US OPEN) but you would never know it because you never saw anyone in the elevators or the lobby. The concierge service is the best in the world. Misty Shores, the concierge is incredible. They got us in every single restaurant every time. Darrell the doorman sent us to the theatre in the hotel Rolls. Truly VIP service! I would stay here every time if I could	
Aug 21 2007 	great hotel great location	Everything you would expect from a Four Seasons hotel. Great location and beautiful room. The bathroom was very comfortable, like you might find in a nice home rather than a hotel. The concierge was extremely helpful with finding a great place to eat nearby. Although we did not eat at the restaurant, I hear it is fabulous as well. Would stay there again without hesitation.	
Aug 7 2007 	Very good property	My wife and I just spent two nights at this property. We are not regular travellers to NY so have little basis for comparison to other hotels in the city. That being said, I do understand that most hotel rooms are not particularly large. Our room was a very comfortable 600 sq ft. which was spacious in all areas. Bath products were Bulgari which my wife appreciated. The room was attractive and well appointed - nothing was missing.The concierge desk was superb - exceptionally professional and well informed. They were really top notch. You can tell that the staff is very well trained. The workout facilities, although in the basement of the hotel, were well appointed. Free juices and fruit were available. I also took note of the extensive security that the hotel maintained. I was suprised, in a positive way, that an employee was positioned in the evening to check any person accessing the elevators. While perhaps not necessary, it was reassuring.We only ate at the hotel once. The food at breakfast was excellent along with a similar quality of service. While not someone unaccustomed to expensive prices, I was taken aback by the $10 charge for coffee. While $20-$25 for eggs does not surprise me, the coffee charge did.Anyhow, it is obviously a hotel that caters to its guests and is very responsive to all of their needs. You do pay for this level of attention to detail. It is, by any standard, an excellent hotel.	
Aug 4 2007 	Perfect	Perfect service, perfect room, great with children, best concierge, only breakfast could be improved (if we consider the cost...)	
Jul 24 2007 	Unquestionably the best hotel in the world	As a regular visitor to the Hotel The Four Seasons in NYC (57th) time after time delivers best possible experience for the discerning visitor.What sets it apart from any other hotel in the excellence of its staff...be it the doorman,ront desk,conceirge,etc.Its the small touches that sets it apart the rest.....from the doorman having your keys ready as you get out of the car so you go straight upto your room after a very late night arrival after a delayed flight,etc,.This is the only establishment where one gets a true feeling of coming back home each visit.The only downfall is that one benchmarks the Four Seasons with every other hotel and they never match up to the standard.	
Jul 24 2007 	Staying in an airshaft	I booked on the 4S website. My room on the 14th floor had an apartment building 10 feet outside the main window. When I worked at the desk I was looking directly into the apartment and vice versa. It was similar to being in an old time NY hotel in an airshaft. For $800 the 4S should do better. When I checked in to the hotel, if I had been told about the room I would have gone elsewhere.	
Jun 25 2007 	Sheer Heaven--I love this place!!!	I have stayed at this property numerous times &amp; don't always post a review but I feel I am doing a dis-service to them if I don't. Briefly-- it just doesn't get any better than this. If you are looking for a sleek, semi quiet (the bar during the week is quite happening with business types) luxurious stay with excellent service this is the place for you. What I like about this hotel is it's location, the size of rooms, the fact that every staff member makes an effort to know your name, &amp; that it's not overrun by conventions, weddings, etc. The answer is always &quot;yes&quot; at FSNYC &amp; my answer is &quot;yes&quot; I wouldn't stay any other place!	
Jun 13 2007 	One of my favourites	I love this hotel. I stay here every year with my family and have never had a complaint. Excellent size of rooms, service, location and most importantly attention to detail. Would highly recommend to anyone. One trip in particular sticks out - the black out in NY (Summer 2003?) - The Four Seasons made every effort possible to ensure comfort in this tough time (esp when most other hotels simply closed down).	
May 30 2007 	Fabulous Time at the Four Seasons	Our Family just returned from an exceptional weekend in New York, thanks in large part to the Four Seasons Hotel. We booked the Kids for all Seasons Package which is two adjoining rooms. Children aged 11, 9, 7.From the moment we arrived, the kids were welcomed and treated wonderfully. They were given a small gift each and then treated to cupcakes and cokes in their room, which I can tell you won them over on the spot.On a service level, we were given top notch service from everyone at the hotel. The people at the concierge handled all of our transfers and requests for driver and car as well as recommending nearby family friendly restaurants. We were driven twice by the hotel house cars, once each in the Maybach and Rolls Royce. The door men were excellent. Every little need or request was addressed immediately from pressing to bandaid requests to room service etc... each time someone responded immediately. Yes this level of service is expected at these prices, but in our case they did deliver!The location was fantastic for shopping as well as proximity to sight seeing, FAO Schwartz, Central Park.Our rooms were very spacious for New York standards and extremely well appointed. We had a surplus of closet and drawer space, the washrooms were incredible. No noise concerns and we were only on the 10th floor. I did not find the decor boring or drab as other reviews have stated, I felt it was elegant and luxurious in an understated way.Let us not forget this is Manhattan, not Hawaii. I wasn't expecting the same decor and atmosphere as a Four Seasons &quot;Resort&quot;. I felt the entire hotel was well suited to a stay in Manhattan and representative of the Manhattan we wanted our children to experience and remember.Unfortunately there were some crotchety folks who were cranky with the children for no apparant reason. We turned those into teachable moments for us to share with the kids that sometimes it's the adults who are badly behaved (not the children).If you want a flawless, stress free place to stay in a serene atmosphere where you don't have to do all the planning and scheduling - you won't be disappointed.	
Apr 23 2007 	Wow what a place	Thursday to Sunday in the FSNY was perfect. No kids to drive us mad, a stunning room on the 29th floor with dual aspect windows meant 2 different views, and glorious weather (the hotel had nothing to do with the weather). We did start at the 19th floor but after a polite request, the front desk happily changed our room to a higher floor. Rodman at the Concierge was a god - pure genius. He guided us round the shops, the sights &amp; the restaurants and seemed to know exactly what we wanted when we wanted it. If I was to pick any bones, it would be the price of 2 hot chocolates at bedtime (my wife's regular hotel request) but at over $30.00, it seemed a little steep. In fact, it took 20 hours for anyone to remove the tray from our room. Both my wife &amp; i had Spa treatments and desipte the price, they were both excellent.Overall, I rate this hotel experience as one of my most enjoyable. New York has a special vibe about it, and the location, the style &amp; the class of the FSNY made this a perfect place to stay	
Apr 5 2007 	Amazing!	Had the most amazing stay here. The rooms were great. The service was THE BEST I have ever experienced, especially Steven at the Concierge desk !	
Apr 4 2007 	Still head and shoulders above the rest	Having stayed the the FSNY several years ago, I was almost afraid to return after reading several of the more-recent reviews on this site. I had fond memories of the stunning open lobby, the oh so savvy concierge, the friendly staff, and the marvelous and comfortable rooms and, especially the bathrooms. This is not to say I do not remember that all of this comes at quite a hefty price, but one must pay for a superior experience. So, off I went, fingers crossed, and......I am happy to report all is well at the Four Seasons! The same helpful and knowlegeable staff, the same sky-high standards of care obvious in the housekeeping and furnishings, the same absolutely fantastic location. And, the same stratospheric prices I remembered, but somehow didn't mind paying. This hotel is an experience in itself, and one not to be missed. You owe it to yourself to enjoy the splendor, at least once in your life. Somehow I think you'll find it was worth it.	
Feb 21 2007 	Very good not the best	After staying at a few FS hotels throughout the world, I decided to spend the week-end with my wife there.The FSNY is a very nice hotel but it lacks life! It felt very sterile and too corporate to us. On the plus: -staff is very friendly-location is good-their signature massage is top-rooms are clean and spaciousOn the min:-rooms lack inspiration-turn down service is just that (not like in the Mandarin with water, chocolates, info paper and an Asian inspired saying)-amenities though by Bulgari are very basic-high premium to be paid for a good view (always inclusive at the Mandarin)So if you want to stay in a top chain hotel in NYC, the Mandarin Oriental beats the FSNY easily: lively, nicer and bigger rooms, more amenities and even cheaper....	
Feb 21 2007 	The Four Seasons: Nightmare after nightmare!	I cannot express my disappointment with my stay at this hotel. There was still feces flecking the toilet when we checked in and a hair on the nice, white sheets. It took two hours for them to decide if they were going to change our room or clean it--they ultimately cleaned it with no apologies. The front desk staff were gruff and unhelpful--failing to even answer basic questions about museums and theatre tickets. The elevators were broken or under repair for our first night. At the restaurant, the first two items we ordered were unavailable. I expected much, much more from the Four Seasons flagship in NYC. No apologies were ever made.	
Jan 23 2007 	Couldnt fault it	I was very impressed with the FS, mostly with the hotel staff, from checking in to the bell boy and the doorman, everybody knows your name here who ever you are. Bathroom was quite impressive with the bath filling in 60seconds, very handy!Rooms were cleaned very well, and turndown was good also.The only thing is -- they phoned me at 08.00am to ask what time I was checking out that day, why phone at 8am when i was sleeping in bed??! If you want a very upscale hotel in new york go here, but very expensive. Did not eat at the hotel so can not comment on the food.	
Jan 21 2007 	The Four Seasons made our NYC visit Fabulous	We visited NYC for the first time and have really enjoyed the Four Seasons in Paris and Geneva, so it was our primary option. The location is excellent for the &quot;5th avenue stroll&quot;.The lobby is beautiful and enormous. It was a great welcome to a wonderful two night stay. We checked in with ease and waited for our friends to arrive by having a high tea in the wine bar just off the entrance. Everything was delicous.All of us enjoyed the spa (Four Seasons in One treatment for 80 minutes) the first afternoon and then got ready for dinner. We dined at Daniel and per se, thanks to the unbelievable concierge team in NYC. We were wait listed for per se, which I assumed meant &quot;no chance&quot;, but they kept checking for us and three nights before called our home in Switzerland and told us we had reservation at per se. Everytime we asked for help from the concierge it was if it was there true pleasure to help us. That is what I expect at the Four Seasons and they delivered 100%.We choose a deluxe (basic for the Four Seasons) room and it was spacious enough (500 ft2) ... the rate was $595 per night. We all talked about how well we slept in the wonderful beds.The biggest downside is the expense eating there. Breafast was $44 per person for a normal two egg, sausage, ... and high tea was $200 for four people. However, I knew that going in and with the great service ... I am happy to pay.In our opinion, the Four Seasons in Paris is still our favorite hotel in the world, but the NYC concierge is &quot;the best&quot; (thanks again for the per se experience) and it is an overall great experience.	
Dec 21 2006 	Still a Ritz fan......	I begin by saying there is no doubt this is a wonderful Four Seasons and my stay there in no way diminished our vacation experience. However, in that we like to stay at different places in the city from time to time we chose this over either of the Ritz properties in NYCity so as to try something different. We booked a two bedroom suite and much attention was given to our arrival before the trip by a member of the staff. However, litte of what we discussed with her regarding requests was prepared upon check in. I requested a rollaway in the LR for my 20 year old daughter be made up and in place upon our arrival. It was not. I had asked that it be made up just like the beds in the rooms....it never was. SHE asked the ages of our children so she could have age appropriate welcome gifts. We told her they were &quot;children&quot; in their 20's but Beanie Babies were still given. In more than one email correspondence my husband told her we were travelling with our son and dauhghter in law but we were given one BR with a king and one BR with two twins. They claimed they were under the impression that we had three small children in tow. And of course they were fully booked and this was all they had available. Each morning our room service order was just a little bit off. One pot of coffee instead of the two that were ordered, missing orders of eggs, just little things but still irritating considering what we were spending. As to the quality and appearance of the room....nothing to shout about. Mini Butler in the LR had a broken door. Decor was as it was advertised and presented but nothing to jump and down about...bland, boring. Master BR was very roomy. Attached double was quite small. LR was just average. Furniture not very comfy. Concierge was very attentive when we did use him. Door staff was excellent. Location was the best of any of the properties i've stayed at in NY. But all in all, it was just an above average visit. I am happy that we tried it. But I still prefer the Ritz Cartlton	
Nov 5 2006 	The very best in NYC	How in the world can anyone find fault with this, the very best of all, Four Season's hotels. I've stayed in the ones in Paris, Lisbon, Great Exuma, and Nevis this year and none can touch the one in New York. The rooms are lovely and so well appointed. The service is exemplary. The restaurant is even excellent. And all this located on 57th Street between Madison and Park; what could be better.	
Oct 30 2006 	Disappointing!	I had high expectations for my stay at the Four Seasons Hotel in New York and the one word I am using to describe my two night stay is 'disappointing'. My partner and I arrived at 6 pm after a delayed flight from the UK and were suppose to be meeting colleagues at a cocktail party which finished at 7 pm. We were in two minds whether to rush to try and make it, or just phone and say we were unable to attend - luckily (!) the hotel made the decision for us by taking a considerable time to check us in - having to check whether the room was ready (it was 6 pm and the room was suppose to be ready by 3 pm!) and the porters who had taken our bags from the taxi then took 20 minutes to deliver them..... To add insult, we discovered when we checked out, that we had been charged for that 'service'.We were offered a complimentary newspaper - didn't get one on either morning. The turndown service was a constant ringing of the room bell at 6.30 pm when I would have thought the majority of people were either relaxing after a busy day or in the bath getting ready to go out. We politely asked the maid to return in about half an hour - and in fact saw her while we were waiting for the lift and told her our room was now available - to return later on that night to discover no-one had bothered to return.The room was very nice - clean and a decent size - and the bathroom lovely. Although I would expect nothing less for the amount charged. We left our baggage with them on the day we checked out and specifically asked for the suit bag to be hung up. They said 'certainly' but when we went to collect it was folded up actually underneath our other bag! Some people may find my comments 'picky' but at the prices charged by this hotel, I really feel that I am entitled to be.	
Oct 14 2006 	Outstanding the most memorable part of our visit	We checked into the FSNY on a Monday following a weekend at the Library Hotel as part of a surprise trip for my partner’s 40th. I had booked a deluxe king (floors 5-29, street view) direct with the hotel for their online rate inc. breakfast exc. tax of $975. We had been in NY over the weekend with great weather so decided to check whether there was maybe a terrace room still available we could upgrade to - on the lower floors, but it would be nice to have some outside space. I mentioned this to the wonderful receptionist who checked us in, who had very subtlety noted in the booking my partners birthday, and said he would have a look and see what he could do. All the terraces were booked but with some checking he said he had managed to locate a suite on their 50th floor which had two terraces! He wrote down how much the room normally went for and then how much extra we would need to pay on top of our current rate and we instantly wrote off our holidays for the next couple of years and jumped at the chance. Because they weren’t expecting any guests in the room that day it would take an hour or so to send in their crack team of housekeepers and the room would be available for us no later than 3pm. In the meantime the check-in person escorted us to the restaurant where we were seated straight away and enjoyed a marvellous lunch (the steak was the best my partner has ever tasted).After lunch we explored our new location, just round the corner from Central Park and the amazing shops on 5th Ave and returned at 3pm to pick up the keys (bags efficiently already taken up to the closet in the room). We’d done a brief tour of the hotel ourselves out of curiosity when we first arrived so just collected the keys from reception and let our ears pop as we shot up to the 50th floor and headed to our room. Oh my, oh my, oh my….Just as we first opened the door we saw the ‘office area’ which had its own desk with TV, fax/printer and sliding doors onto the ‘East Terrace’. I was still wondering at these marvels when I heard ‘your not going to believe this’ gasps from the other half when he walked further into our main bedroom/living area. I nearly fell over the couch looking at the views straight ahead of the Chrysler building and the Empire State Building - we had queued and paid good money to go see these sights up at Top of the Rock the night before and now there they were, on tap! Once we had got over that shock we moved across to the west side of the suite and down the corridor to the very grand marble bathroom with TV, closets, and the West terrace, with views to far right of central park. I may be paying it off until my 40th birthday, but those first impressions and the whole experience at staying at the FS were priceless… In fact we wrote off the rest of Monday and didn’t leave the suite at all – we had THE most memorable meal via room service (this time steak for me), nice ½ bottle of wine (Pinot Noir from Oregon) and to top it all, a surprise birthday cake was sent up by ‘special services’ with a lovely welcome card, all laid out by the room service waiter on the terrace table. Absolutely stunning evening. Bathroom is huge, marble and luxurious, with Bvlgari toiletries, and a small LCD screen next to the sinks. Also nice inlays aside the deep bath, great for candles and a relaxing soak. We did however get brown bathwater which put us off. Shower was fabulous. There is also a bedside Bose clock radio pre-set to some great stations that has marvellous sound. We had breakfast in the restaurant area for 2 mornings, which I must admit was a bit confusing - we had booked ‘breakfast inclusive’ so wasn’t sure which option we were supposed to choose from (found out with a call it was the ‘American’). When presented with the bill each time we had to inform the service staff it was inclusive. On our last morning we had breakfast in our room and kicked ourselves for not having done that sooner - so much more comfortable, with all the choices there and you can take your time. Would recommend having breakfast in your room, or you may end up sitting next to a couple of high-brow business men, one who was sacking the other, as we found one morning! Lovely selection of fresh fruit, two eggs how you like, pastries &amp; juice, smoked or Canadian bacon etc. Over our 3 night stay we had wonderful cocktails and nibbles –would recommend the back bar close to the restaurant, it’s busier than the one to the front but has a more extensive bar menu, better complimentary snacks, and for us anyway, friendlier staff. We put the poor concierge staff through their paces by requesting a table at one of the most popular restaurants in NY at 7.30 pm that night, but they were able to oblige even then. The doorman on the 58th exit recommended two fabulous Italian restaurants nearby for lunch. We booked a car via concierge for our transfer hotel to airport which was seamless. The whole experience was momentous. If you can, do.	
Oct 8 2006 	4 Seasons quality and ...	I may be a bit critical only 'coz of being a loyal Four Seasons customer that believe in their quality as well as the price paid for this particular property (US$695/nite excluding all other taxes and this is a B&amp;B package). Having said that, I do like the rooms, spacious on the 23rd floor, with LCD TVs (one in the bathroom), a big glass shower with a sit down bench, a nice music pipe in system, marble bath tub (big), etc. Towels and bathrobes were thick and comfortable as were the sheets in the bed. See attached photo for room details. One thing that I had found that was unacceptable was the mold in the brackets that hold the shower bench together. For an expensive 4 Seasons, the cleaning should be more thorough.We had a King bed and a little sitting area that overlooks a buidling that has a penthouse rooftop garden that was quite pretty to look at. I especially like the dresser area - big walk in with lots of room for his and hers and enough drawers for his and hers ! (usually most hotels have only 3 sets of drawer but this room has 6 !!!). Check in was swift and efficient, things (breakfast, gym, etc) were explained and indicated to us so we didnt have a problem finding our way around. Gym was adequate, I especially appreciate that they have a fridge stocked full of bottle water rather than the usual water cooler.Breakfast was good (dont know the price coz we had a package) but nothing amazing. Location is great if u like to shop. We (husband and I) especially enjoyed the bar which makes a good martini (and what a variety !!!).All in all, we had enjoyed our stay, staff are friendly, good amenities and location. We will return but this time if I see another moldy shower, I will inform the hotel about it. It is just not acceptable for a 4 Seasons that one has to pay $695/nite.	
Jun 12 2006	Best In New York	Having previously stayed at the Trump on Central Park (getting a bit worn), and the Ritz Central Park, I have to say that my last stay at the Four Seasons is making me lean towards them. First of all the hotel itself is immaculate - everything looks like it is brand, brand new and there is not a feature out of place. Secondly the service is exactly how is should be (but is not always the case) at a four seasons hotel. Sebastian at the front desk was great and assigned me a corner room overlooking central park and 58th st. on a high floor....ask for the '11 series of room on a high floor - lovely configuration for a king bedded room - about 500 sq. feet with small dressing area - perfect for 1 person. Door and bell staff were great, always welcoming me back after I returned each day and running up and down the street to get me a cab during rush hour. When no cabs were available they put me in a complimentary Rolls Royce Phantom, one of their two complimentary house cars (the other one is a Maybach!). On another occassion I left the hotel with an almost empty bottle of water in my hand. Randi the doorman on the 58th st. entrance whipped out a new bottle of water to take with me on my way out. Concierge were fabulous, very witty and charasmatic with some superb recommendations - listen to everything they say to you about the city, transportation and dining - they really do know what they are talking about - Helen and Reynold are great. The service in the hotel's restaurants is both proffessional and personable - our waiter (ultra camp) had us in stitches with his opinions on everything from the world cup to his newly designed uniform. He comped us all desserts if we &quot;promised not to tell his manager!&quot;. Food however is just good hotel food, nothing spectacular and very, very expensive (think $35 for a burger or a caesar salad). Much better places to go in New York, although their new restaurant Atelier de Joel Robuchon should help them compete with some of the better restaurants in the city when it opens next month. Housekeeping service is unbelievable. I bought a six pack of diet coke from a store which I left in my room - the maid filled a large ice bucket and placed the drinks in the bucket so they would be chilled on my return to the room. All my clothes were refolded to perfection and a cigar ashtray was left for the cigars I bought (they were actually a gift for someone else, but nice touch anyway). Tipped the turn down lady $10. Spa service is fabulous, I was &quot;welcomed back&quot; by the spa attendand who remembered me from my first stay 3 months ago! There is no pool though but there is a jacuzzi/steam room. The spa itself is not as impressive as other areas of the hotel...a little small and in the basement....it's all service based with this facility.You have to pay for the business centre ($1 a minute for internet access) and it's only open during certain hours....not impressed with this. At other four seasons (e.g. Boston) it is complimentary and open 24 hours.Overall the hotel is the best in new york. Every staff member is genuinly hospitable and helpful, and basically thinks for you so you can spend your time enjoying yourself or maximising productivity (if you're a business traveller). However be prepared to pay for it....by far the most expensive hotel in New York in every way. Expect to pay $850++ per night for a standard/deluxe king room. If you can find a room for under $700 a night, e-mail me.	
May 8 2006	Fine Hotel with One Caveat	The Four Seasons, New York is an all-around excellent hotel. As would befit a Mobil Five Star and AAA Five Diamond property, you are put in the heart of the shopping district (5th Avenue) and are a close cab ride to most of the popular tourist attractions. You are in a posh location and you certainly pay for it. I booked a Superior Room and was generously upgraded to a Deluxe Room with Terrace and it would have been nice to utlize the furnished terrace for an in-room dining experience, but it was freezing outside (I went the week after the snowstorm in NYC in February). The prevailing rate for this room is $895/night. I paid roughly $600ish a night for two nights and my third night was free. At that rate, I don't have much to complain about. From what I gather, this hotel caters mostly to business people on an expense account and is usually fully committed (sold out); accordingly, for those guests concerned about the carpet on the guest floors being a bit soiled, or worned out...this place may not be for you. If you are pretty mellow when you stay at hotels, this hotel won't disappoint. Keep in mind while this hotel does its best to keep everything looking clean, this is first a SERVICE-ORIENTED hotel. Otherwise, the rooms themselves and public areas of the hotel are immaculately maintained and furnished. The elevator banks are divded into two sections (one for Lobby Floor to 21?) and the other (21? - whatever the highest floor the hotel occupies). There were very quick. Each side has three elevators. The gym is stocked with chilled towels, juices, and fruits for your enjoyment. The room was very modern (style wise) and that is the theme I guess at this hotel--which is good. I am not into the traditional look (think Ritz Carlton, etc.). There were electronic controls to control to window curtains from your bed. There was sufficient lighting and unlike the bathroom, you can moderate how much light you want. The A/C Unit is not powerful as it should be or I just don't know how to use it. The wall-mounted plasma TV swivles so anyone in the room can watch. There is a DVD player and a fax/copy machine inside the room. Room was isolated just fine. You have an abudant amount of closet space. We stayed for three nights and there was enough space and then some for both of us.The bathroom is done in marble and is simply spectacular. I loved it. Separate bathtub and shower. Amenities (soaps) were nice. Bathtub filled up quick (60 seconds as advertised, I am not so sure, but fast enough). The small LCD TV in the bathroom is a nice plus. There was an excessive amount of lighting in the bathroom however--if you like light, then that is good for you then. I only had breakfast at the &quot;Lobby Lounge&quot; during my stay as it was included with my rate and the food was just average. American Breakfast during my stay was $35-$38 per person. Room-Service was prompt and expensive (but that is expected-- expect to add to your order: service charge, taxes, gratiuty, and delivery charge). I didn't order anything spectacular from both dining outlets in the hotel, just french toast and eggs and breakfast meats. If you want to eat in your room and want to bypass the service charges that accompany ordering room-service, go downstairs and order at the restaurant &quot;to-go.&quot; The breakfast credit was around or close to $100USD with a breakfast package. 57/57 Bar was very energetic when I went around 10 o'clock on a Saturday night. Even as hotel guests, we had to wait 10-15 minutes to be seated. I just went to the bar and ordered a drink and took it back to my room. A Long Island Iced Tea sets you back $17.Housekeeping did an amazing job cleaning the room during the day. I declined turn-down service but I imagine it is up to par. When I did request some items (tolietries) from housekeeping it sometimes took in excess of two or three calls to have my request fulfilled.My biggest qualm with this hotel is their Concierge. Before my stay, I like to make contact with the Concierge to see what they recommend and most of the times I reach them, I am put on extended hold times (probably due to being inundated with guests at the hotel). There are usually four or five Concierges working at a given time during the day. Everytime I called during the day (New York time), I was asked to hold. This happened on several occasions when I called from my hotel room (holding). In some cases I would just call the Front Desk and have them relay a message for me (which worked quite well). Your best bet to reach a Concierge and have their undivded attention is probably later at night (9 o'clock PM EST). They work late I remember being up around midnight and the Concierge was still answering phone calls-- a plus. When you talk to them, they are generally helpful and very nice. All of my requests were meet and processed efficiently. P.S. A bag of M&amp;Ms that you can get for $.65-.85 costs $5.00 at this hotel in the mini-bar. I purposely ate one bag and replaced it with a store bought one just for fun. The hotel has a $400,000+ Maybach that it uses to transport guests around town (limited radius) that you should check out, or better yet, use.	
May 8 2006	A great hotel	This Hotel is always going to be a safe bet if you can afford it! It met our expectations in every way, especially the service levels; the staff have an excellent professional and friendly attitude without any stuffiness which you find sometimes in expensive places. The breakfasts are fabulous and it is well worth booking for breakfast on an inclusive basis otherwise it'll set you back $100 for two. Avoid room service - $32 for two cups of tea and even worse for liquor which you have to buy by the litre at $180. The Spa treatments we ghad were good though the environment is only average. The location is unbeatable for being central to the main shopping area and Central Park.	
May 1 2006	Wow!	Nothing more to say than if you can afford it - stay here! It's an incredible experience. And don't miss breakfast, lunch or dinner at the 57 restaurant - everything you ever dreamed of in high-dining experience. Can't wait to go back.	
Apr 23 2006 	Service just a bit off	My husband was booked into the Four Seasons for a business meeting, and decided to bring me along and extend the stay in celebration of our anniversary. When we checked in the front desk was aware that part of the expense would go to the company business coordinator, and part would be charged to us. We were shown to our rooms, and welcomed the brief introduction to the room. (One neat feature was that the curtains opened and closed on a switch, which other people didn't find on their own.) The rooms are stark and modern, devoid of decoration. The bed, chairs and sofa were very comfortable. It was great to have a fax in the room; I believe it was a copier as well. The bathroom was lovely, although a second sink would have been nice. The tub was wonderful, and filled in 1 minute! We were pleased with the fitness room; there was a comprehensive amount of equipment, towels and headsets ready on each item, and drinks to keep hydrated. The restaurant was under renovation, but there was service in the lobby restaurant. We opted to have only one breakfast there; as others have noted it was quite overpriced despite the service, and nothing that special. Perhaps other meals are better. The lobby bar was busy, and we didn't really appreciate being seated at a coffee table with 4 strangers on our anniversary. My husband had a suit pressed (nicely done and quick service). The concierge desk was quick and helpful. The doormen were excellent, friendly and funny. The part that took away from our stay was the last 18 hours. At about 5:30 on the last evening, the bell rang. I'd just stepped out of the shower and hadn't put on the privacy light as I was afraid I'd lock out my husband who was jogging. I opened the door because I saw the housekeeper with my husband right behind her. We told her we'd be leaving in 1/2 hour, and asked if she'd come back. She asked if we'd like anything, and we asked for ice, which she left. She asked if there was anything else, and we said no. I guess she took that as &quot;no need to come back&quot;. When we arrived back late that night, she hadn't returned, so there was no turndown or dry towels. The next morning, we were scheduled to check out. We started to pack, then went down for breakfast. While we were gone, housekeeping came in. They got rid of the soap by the sink, and replaced it with a new wrapped soap. They'd replaced all the towels and placed new shampoo and conditioner in the shower, and put the sticker on the toilet roll. It felt like they were getting ready for the next guests before we were gone. We had to wonder when we washed our hands if the hand towels would be changed before then. Then, when we got to the desk, despite the instructions to split the bill, it hadn't been done. All charges had been put on the company card. The woman at the desk really didn't want to split out the charges; she said it would be extremely difficult. When we asked if she'd put the charges onto our card, she said that would be even more difficult, and that the bill had actually already been sent to our business group coordinator. We're now facing the time consuming task of sorting this out on our own; it shouldn't have happened. We did have a lovely stay, but felt that they didn't quite live up to their reputation.	
Apr 12 2006	Worth every penny-all nine bazillion of them	Our family of four stayed at the Four Seasons in New York this past March, and it completely lived up to our super-high expectations. Deluxe rooms: We had booked two deluxe adjoining rooms for a family rate (2nd room at half-price). Each room consisted of a large bedroom with a sitting area, and a gorgeous, huge bathroom. Our two rooms were parallel to each other, so if we were in one room, our kids would not be able to see or hear us in the other room even with the doors open - while that might sound great to the parents out there, we knew our little boy would be really scared. However, I would definitely recommend the deluxe rooms for any couples or solo travellers.Front desk: The front desk was absolutely wonderful about showing us a suite immediately, and that was what we upgraded to. Yes, it was twice the cost, but our son was a lot more comfortable because it was pretty much an enormous apartment.The suite: It was probably about 1800 square feet, with two bedrooms, two and a half bathrooms, a living room and dining area, a large walk-in closet and views in three directions. The decor was clean and modern, without being intimidating or stuffy. The views: I knew I was a little afraid of heights, but I was seriously dizzy for the first 24 hours in the suite. And, I was freaking out because we were paying a lot of money and all I could think of was the possibility of the building falling over. But, just as one of the employees assured me, I got used to it and actually could enjoy the view by the end of our stay. We could easily see the Hudson River, the East River, the Chrysler Building and the Empire State Building. We had a small glimpse of Central Park. Our views really looked like something from a postcard of NYC.The beds: Perfect. Sheets, blankets, comfort - perfect.Service: Perfect. I swear that each employee we encountered went out of their way to say hello and make us feel extremely welcome. The doormen were especially wonderful and helpful.The lobby: Breathtaking. Room service: OK, this is really the only complaint I have. We ordered dinner one night, and several of the food items were incomplete or wrong. Several of the dishes were lukewarm. The overall quality of the food was really just average - almost like average diner food. Concierge: Thoroughly professional, friendly and helpful. Within about a minute of asking for a local restaurant recommendation, we had printed directions in our hands as well as the suggestion, &quot;And may we call them to let them know you will be arriving soon?&quot;Location: I felt completely comfortable walking around this area with our children. Overall: I would bring our family back in a heartbeat, even with the shock-inducing rates - as soon as we can afford another visit!	
Apr 10 2006	Four Seasons Triumphs!	Once again Four Season triumphs. We had an executive room, plenty big enough, with a fabulous bathroom and walk in shower. Beds great cleanliness superb. Service however is always a trade mark of the Four Seasons. Let me give you an example. My thirteen year old son collects old car number plates from most countries we visit. He was having trouble finding one in New York despite Stephen, one of the concierges, trying to find one for him.The day before we left Stephen had still not located one, but had gone to the trouble of bringing in one of his old number plates from home as a gift, refusing any payment! Other hotels read and weep!! We were also chauffered around in a brand new Rolls Royce Phantom(and a Maybach) as their courtesy car for short trips. Great rooms (the hotel has undegone a major refurbisment in the last two years)great location, great staff, and service out of this world, what more could you want!	
Apr 9 2006 	Perfect Views	We had a wondeful time here. Stayed in room 4410, with perfect views of the city and Central Park. Make sure you get a view of the Park. Bath tub was great and the bed was as advertised. My only critique is that they should have wireless Internet access. Will definitely return.	
Mar 6 2006	Best Hotel in New York	This was our second stay at the Four Seasons New York and it is by far the best hotel in Manhattan. We love the location, service and rooms. The service from the front desk to the restaurant were spectacular. Not a detail overlooked! We had a park view executive suite which was very spacious and comfortable. We love the plasma tv in the bathroom! We have been fortunate enough to stay at numerous luxury hotels in New York including the Ritz Central Park (HORRIBLE!)and the Mandarin Oriental but none come close to the pampering and luxury at the Four Seasons!	
Feb 26 2006	Use the hotel maybach	My wife stays here all the time on business but this was my first. When we checked in for a romantic weekend in August, everyone was out in the hamptons. empty. it was great! they upgraded us to a tower room on the 36th floor, nice views of central park. I think we had a rack rate of 575. We would walk through the park every morning and have our tea. I am not a city type, but she loved it. Mostly formal attire walking through the lobby. But no one batted an eye at my shorts and flip flops.I hate trying to sleep in manhattan because of the noise but managed very well on this high floor. We had stayed at the hotel gansevoort for a week in april. those rooms are small &quot;hipster-boutique&quot; style. very loud in the meat packing district. FS much bigger, quieter. Also, there are a ton of wifi hot spots at this location if you have a wifi card. On checkout, we went to hail a cab but the doorman wouldn't hear of it. He put us into the hotel Mayback gratis. We never wanted to get out of that car. It only seats 2 back there. Someone told me these Maybach limos cost 350,000$. Tipped the driver 20$. Best deal in NYC.	
Feb 12 2006	Lived up to expectations	My husband and I recently stayed at this hotel for a long weekend break. We had high expectations (but some concerns having read postings on this site). We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay. We were upgraded on arrival and found our room to be comfortable and spacious. The staff we encountered were polite and efficient, specifically the concierge who was marvellous. The restaurant bookings that were made on our behalf were excellent, and we received superb service as Four Seasons guests while dining. Having heard about the outrageous price of breakfast, we asked for a recommendation for a local diner and were directed to a fabulous place just a few minutes walk away. Two small disappointments - the main restaurant was closed for renovation and dinner in the alternative lounge bar was just average (but very expensive). On departure, we waited 15 minutes for the doorman to hail us a cab, and in the end had to do it ourselves when what were clearly 'regular' guests arrived and we were promptly and rudely forgotten.	
Jan 22 2006	Disapointed	Stayed at this property with my two dogs using a free night certificate I had received from Four Seasons. I live in NY, but needed to stay at a hotel one night after a terrible wind storm knocked out power to my home for four days. I had stayed at the hotel four months after it opened back in the late 90's and was truly impressed. However, this stay was a disapointment. The room decor is stark and cold. The carpeting both inside the room and in the hallways was stained. The bed felt a bit worn and not as comfy as I remembered it. The food at the hotel, particularly breakfast, is outrageously priced (about $80 to $100 for two, with tip and taxes). Worst of all, the service at the hotel is inconsistent. Reception staff were welcoming, but other staff were not as obliging. When I called housekeeping to inquire about why I had still not received the dog bowls I requested 20 minutes prior, there was no effort made to apologize or expedite the delivery even after I explained that I needed to leave the room for a restaurant reservation. There was only one doorman stationed at 57th Street to handle guest needs and I had to wait 45 minutes for my car! When I came across a maid who was doing turn-down service on our floor, I asked her to do our room while we were inside because once we left, we did not want staff to enter our room alone with the dogs present. She refused to do our turn down at that time, saying someone else was assigned to our room and would come later. I am an avid fan of Four Seasons hotels, but management does not seem to be on top of things here. Maybe I was spoiled, having just returned from the Four Seasons-George V in Paris five days before this.	
Dec 27 2005	Don't be afraid to bring the kids!!	My husband and I have stayed here twice and I can't say enough about how fabulous this hotel is. The first time was pre-baby, and we loved it then for the terrific service, the large, immaculate rooms, and terrific food. This time around, we brought our 16 month old daughter. She got the full Four Seasons royal treatment, with a special stuffed animal, washcloth and terry bath toy to keep, diapers, wipes, her own baby toiletries, a diaper champ, full sized crib with sheets, blanket and bumper, etc. (This was all in the room when we walked in.) I am sure that these reviews have already gone on and on about how gorgeous the hotel is, how attentive, courteous and helpful the staff is, and how they have thought of every detail in both the rooms (gotta love those marble bathrooms!) and the service, so I want to focus on how kid-friendly they are.We have been to a number of Four Seasons, and though they are among the nicest hotels in the world, I have never felt that my daughter was unwelcome. Still, I was a little nervous about New York, as it is a little less casual than some of the other locations.We ate in the 5757 Restaurant (which by the way has excellent food) twice - once for breakfast and once for dinner. At breakfast, my daughter was given crayons and a coloring book (not just a placemat), and her food came in Barbie dishes with toddler-sized silverware. The hostess brought her a small stuffed animal during our meal, and the server as well as the other staff in the restaurant all waved to her and generally were very attentive and kind.At dinner, two separate staff members brought her stuffed animals to keep (she really made out with the toys during our stay!). She threw a pacifier on the floor at one point, and a staff member ran over before we knew it, picked it up, sanitized it and returned it on a plate right away. The staff was willing to (and did) bring pretty much any dish we requested, both for our daughter and for us. At one point, my daughter saw a waiter walking by, and held out a piece of pasta toward him. He whipped out a silver tray and held it at her level and she put her pasta on it, and he disappeared to clean it off! That's how over the top they go to back up their claim that they are kid friendly! (Each time we called to get restaurant recommendations, they reminded us that their restuarants were kid friendly.) Even housekeeping paid attention to every detail - down to laying my daughter's stuffed animals in her crib with their heads on her pillow.Bottom line is, this hotel is great for anyone. Yes, it is expensive, but you get what you pay for. If you want amazing service, beautiful, large rooms, and terrific twice-daily housekeeping, stay here. And don't feel that you need to leave the kids at home!	
Dec 23 2005 	Loved the service.	This place is oustanding! The staffs are friendly; from the bellboy outside to the waiters inside the 57 restaurant are all respectfull and helpful.We stayed at 2803 and the room is so spacious, luxurious, and excellently provided. The view outside the windows are spectacular; from having a drink by the window to watching the golden sunrise in the morning is an experience I will never forget. I would love to be back again!	
Nov 18 2005	Top marks for design	The most striking thing about the Four Seasons is the beauty of its design. It's just incredibly classy for an American hotel: tasteful, elegant, stylish and imposing yet relaxing. The reception area is glorious and all the public areas feel a world away from the bustle of the New York streets. The rooms are huge, too. Light wood makes them feel spacious, but the sitting areas and classy bathrooms are achieved by devoting real space to them. Too many places in New York can feel like a rabbit-hutch, but there's no danger of that at the Four Seasons.So why one star short of perfection? Well, it's not quite stress-free as a place to stay. One day my room wasn't made up until almost 4pm; requests for things missing from the room (a corkscrew, a battery for the wireless keyboard) took a fair while to process; and the check-out procedure was complicated by the wrong charges being assigned to my account. They're comparatively minor things, but given the prices it's not too much to ask for them to be sorted out. Worth noting the maid said the delay in cleaning the room was caused by too much work for individual staff members.And beware some of the extra charges. The limo service from the airport is efficient, but it should be at $175. On planning the return trip to the airport, the concierge kind-of declined to come up with an alternative to the limo - even though a cab outside the hotel would have been a third of the price.It's still one of the very nicest places to stay in the city, and you'd have to be Mr Hyper-Pernickety not to enjoy it to a very signficant degree. But it could do just a little bit better if it wants to be one of the world's greatest hotels.	
Oct 30 2005	very average room at the 4seasons nyc	stayed on the 48th floor with a spectacular room, with some issues. the room is extremely average for a fourseasons. the decor was like a dorm room with very few amenities. the location is good, the lobby is beautiful. I would choose the ritz or st regis next time.	
Oct 9 2005	was it worth it?	not perfect but..... restaurant needed later hours for a friday night. and saturday was brunch til 2:00pm. we wanted lunch. room service was nice and a treat, however it was expensive- 17% gratuity, $6.00 room charge and an additional 13% tax. we loved our anniversary package, and being called by name was great. don't call down to the conceirge or you will be on hold for up to 20 minutes, it's better if you just show up. the house cars were a real convenience and they were free. we were driven in a royles royce and mercedes sedan. the spa was wonderful. i had the waterfall facial and it was superb, i was disappointed that some of the spa services were advertised but no longer available. overall- very expensive but worth it if it is your anniversary	
Oct 2 2005	A shame for such a price	Waitress from the bar were really bad.Plus the hotel is really average. In our room, it smells as if something die !!!!Not acceptable when you pay such an high price !!!	
Sep 30 2005	Perfection	There is something magical about the FS New York. From the moment you step into this hotel you relax completely due to the amazing staff, the fantastic guest rooms and impressive public areas. We stayed four nights in a deluxe room and enjoyed it fully. Awesome bathroom with great water pressure and great Bulgari toiletries.In most hotels there are small details that start annoying you after a while but this is not the case here. It's truly perfection in all details.The gym is quite well equipped but it could be improved.We were told that the restaurant Fiftyseven Fiftyseven will close completely for three months during the winter for remodelling. Definitely among the world's best hotels.	
Sep 5 2005	Excellent Stay at an Excellent Property!!!!	You will love the Four Seasons!!!!!!We just returned from our stay at the Four Seasons and we loved every minute of our stay. We stayed in a Deluxe Room and the room was very spacious and comfortable - everything you could want in your home away from home!!! King sized bed, separate changing area, seating area w/ desk and couch, marble bath w/ stall shower and separate bath. Flat screen TV (w/ swivel) in bed area, as well as a small flat screen in the bath. Aside from the wonderful accomodations, the staff was friendly and attentive to any requests. Room service was a treat, especially loved the breakfast - food was always delivered by the time stated and served at perfect serving temperature.We absolutely loved every minute of our stay and can't wait to go back!!!	
Jul 25 2005 	The best	Many people point to the Four Seasons, NY as the best hotel in the country and I can't really argue with them. I've stayed there a countless number of times and I have never found another hotel half as good as this. They do everything better than everyone. The rooms are magnificent, but fairly simple. Very luxorious, but not like the Ritz-Carleton where every room looks like the living room of a Bel-Air mansion. The bathrooms in every single room are to-die-for. I never want to leave the showers and the bathtubs are full in like 60 seconds.The beds are amazing and I even ordered their pillows for my bed at home.The staff is so unbelievably courteous and can help you with anything. I don't know what else to say. I've never once met anyone who does not like this hotel. It's as close to perfect as can be.	
Jul 12 2005	World Class and they charge for it.	We really enjoyed our stay after having spent a previous night at a nearby, so called, trendy hotel. The beautiful lobby of the Four Seasons and the huge flower arrangements makes you want to sit down and take it all in.Luxurious room on the 27th floor with a view of Central Park. Loved the bathroom and dressing area but could have used a second sink. The bedroom is nice but a little austere. Wonderfully comfortable king bed. Our weekend rate was around $575 which was better than the weekday $700 something. Don't think I'd bother to stay a week at those rates. Breakfast was excellent in the main dinning room but our lunch in the lobby lounge was way below average. Ask the Concierge about the Executive pass for the Empire State Building. (you get to skip all the lines)	
Jul 5 2005	Best Hotel in the USA...	Honestly, I dont even know where to begin when talking about the Four Seasons in New York. It is the finest, most luxurious, beautiful hotel I have ever stayed in. From the moment you walk into the towering hotel, the lobby almost takes your breath away. As we all know, Four Seasons Hotels pride themselves on pampering their clients. This hotel brings that to a whole new level. There wasnt a single person who didn't address me by my name including the chamber maids. Due to the hotel being less busy on the weekend we were given a luxurious upgrade to a suite on a high floor. The room was amazing, plasma screen tv's, DVD players, electronic switches to control the window shades. I really cannot say enough great things about this hotel, I have traveled all over the world and stayed at many fine hotels, but nothing comes close to the Four Seasons in New York.	
Jun 28 2005	Presidential Suite	My husband and I just got back from our weekend getaway trip to new york city. We stayed in the luxurious presidential suite 5101. We always always stay at the four seasons when we come to new york because of its great location. It is right in the heart of the action...high end shopping, great restaraunts and central park. However, this trip we decided to treat ourselves and stay at the newly designed presidentail suite. The second we walked in to our room we were amazed. The view from this suite was not to be believed. Every little detail of this room was amazing. I would highly recommend this suite to any guest looking to try something new at the four seasons or even just want to expirience new york at the highest degree.	
Jun 18 2005	Fabulous Hotel	What a fantastic hotel. Great location for Central Park and Fifth Avenue. Service standards excellent and room wonderful. We had a large double room overlooking the front of the hotel. Beautifully clean and great attention to detail. Bathroom wonderful. The claim the the baths fill in 60 seconds is true and the Bulgari products are a favourite. The gym and spa are on the lower ground floor are good. The bar on the main ground floor is a great experience, although the cost of gin and tonic is expensive. Great three day stay and will definitely be back.	
Feb 20 2005	Don't bother	I just returned from having lunch at the Lobby Bar at the Four Seasons. I was very disappointed in the very stark decor and small size of the public rooms. The service was very poor considering this is supposed to be a five star hotel. Lunch for three people, without alcohol, was $200. For this princely sum we received average service. I was with my 10 year old son and they didn't provide him with a place setting until I asked. They forget my husband's beverage and my dessert was so small it was annoying. There was also almost a 10 minute difference between when I got my dessert and when my son and husband were served their's . At the table next to us there was a full figured woman. I heard her order a club sandwich and the same lousy waitress we had told her it could be made in a low calorie version. The woman had not asked for that. I felt embarrassed for her. I have lived off and on in New York all my life and have eaten in almost every 5 star restaurant in town. This Four Seasons Hotel was substandard.	
Jan 13 2005	Great rooms	We stayed over the New Year period at this hotel, our first room over looked two huge air conditiong shaft from the next building (so close we could touch them if the windows opened!!!) we where moved to a great room with views of Central Park and beyond. The rooms are a great size and bathrooms have a great soaking tub. The best service here is the maids they are invisible but your room get made over and all done expertly (unlike the Mandarin Oriental - bad service). The room service is good but very expensive over $100 for breakfast. We will come again but be sure to get the roomwe want.	
Jan 12 2005	Just another 5 star hotel - 2005 Review	As a connoisseur of 5 star hotels worldwide, and a marketing specialist, I know quality. In my opinion, attention to detail is what makes a hotel memorable or forgettable.. There were several disappointments at this hotel, the least of which was the feeling that I was just a number, just another guest.I stayed here for 2 weeks over Xmas &amp; New Year's Eve Dec 2004 - Jan 3, 2005. The staff who greeted me were lovely, but after that everything was very mediocre. I appreciate they have a lot of things to deal with, but if that is your job you need to be an exceptional person.. Firstly, the rooms (apparently recently renovated) were clean and tidy but too 'modern', there was no warmth, (although the bathroom was spacious and lovely) and very bland coloring; now I like neutral tones, but combined with the minimalist design, it was just not that comfortable. The movies were blocked regularly, I had to call down 3 times to have them switched on so I could watch a movie. I asked for the dvd player to be attended to, as it wasn't working. Turns out it wasn't a multi-zone dvd player, and they didn't have one for my use. (do they expect all their guests to be Americans?...)I sent a bunch of flowers and some doughnuts to the front desk &amp; concierge to thank them for their assistance, and as a gesture to gain some respect; when you give, you get - not here. I had to call down the next day to see if they were even received (no 'thank you'), and was told &quot;oh yes, they did arrive. OK?&quot; Lovely...I ordered room service many times, and there was one dish that arrived as I'd ordered it. Every other dish had some mistake, even though I specifically asked for certain things (eg skim milk, vinegar instead of oil etc) When I asked for a pasta bosciaola, the &quot;chef&quot; had no idea what it was! I explained it was a common Italian dish, like Cabonara only with mushroom instead of egg, and I was sent a bowl of plain pasta and a jug of cream mushroom soup... 5 star? I think not.Twice when I attepted to order room service, they put my call on hold to answer another call, and left me on hold till I hung up! No call back, of course. As far as I know, professional reception involves placing the second caller on hold &amp; coming back to the first.. Concierge is also constantly putting calls on hold for extended amounts of time, obviously very under-staffed.The concierge is nice but rather powerless; several times I requested assistance and they were unable to help. I also needed a car to be sent after being stuck in the city with no cabs for 2 hours at night. They said I would have to wait an hour in the cold for a car, and it would be a 2 hour minimum. $170 for a $8 cab ride! I called 24-hour limos (212-712-9000), they are a great company with the best rates in town, they got me a car in 10 minutes. Similarly, on NYE when I needed transport to and from the Rainbow Room, the concierge told me it would be a 6 hour minimum @ $190 an hour! Please!! I ordered a car with 24 hr limos, and it was arranged, $77 each way... Avoid asking concierge here for assistance. Very mediocre, and taking full advantage.The 'do not disturb' sign is continually ignored, I was buzzed about 3-4 times a day, never mind that I was jet-lagged and sleeping... If I was awake and did not have the privacy sign on, I was bothered about 14 times a day, for cleaning, mini-bar checks, and a simple 'do you have any trays or tables to collect?' - if I'd had one, I'd have called to have it collected! Over-done service in all the wrong ways. The chamber maids were very friendly and polite, though.There were no comments/ gifts/ mention of Xmas on the day, I was expecting at least a note under the door wishing merry Xmas, perhaps with a chocolate or something! These special little touches make all the difference. In fact not once during the entire stay did anyone contact me to ask how my stay was, whether I was happy/ needed anything etc. I expect a little more from my 5 star hotels :-)The location of the hotel is ok, however it is set back a bit in midtown, great for Barney's &amp; Bloomingdales etc, but I find the Plaza a nicer location for the park and open space, only a few blocks up. Personal preference.The four seasons NY lobby is small but tasteful, and the restaurant and bar are the same, small but nice. However I will never stay at this hotel again, it is just not good enough for me to consider a second home when I travel. I have stayed in other Four Seasons hotels, my favourite being the George V in Paris, which is superb and totally unrivalled, but the New York branch is sorely disappointing - I will try the Four Seasons Pierre next time, see if they are any better :-)	
Jan 11 2005	Luxurious Wonderful Stay	Spent 3 nights at the Four Seasons New York in Jan 05 and it was an amazing experience. From the moment we stepped into the lobby, we knew it was going to be a great stay. We booked the Bed and Breakfast package. Upon arrival, we were upgraded from a Moderate to a Superior room. You can either enjoy the breakfast in your room or in the restaurant. The room is very big for NY. The bathroom was beautiful and the tub does fill in 60 seconds. Loved the Bulgari bath products. We have stayed in other FS properties such as Hualalai and Santa Barbara and have never been disappointed. If you are looking for a luxurious hotel, this is the place for you. A great location if you like shopping on Madison and 5th Ave. The museums are also very close.	
Jan 9 2005 	Not what I was hoping for	My husband and I stayed at this hotel the first week in December 2004 we reserved a suite. We arrived and the room seemed to be mostly hallway (1500 dollars a night for hallway). We got in to our room in the evening and the lights were not on for us and it was a chore to try to find all the lights in the room to turn on. We seemed to be searching for about 10 minutes in the dark trying to get us to where we could see the rooms we were in. The rooms were a neutral tone and not very exciting. There was the bedroom, bathroom, front room (very small) and lots of hallway. We were not impressed with the lobby either, very small and not very exciting. We ordered room service one night, got a bowl of soup, a small individual pizza some tea and a coke and it was over a hundred dollars. I can appreciate that this hotel is pricey and we new this before going but that is ridiculous. If you are going to get a massage be sure to ask the prices a normal regular 1 hour massage was over $200, and it wasnt even that great! I did love the conciere at this hotel they were the nicest most helpful gentleman and hooked us up with show tickets and a great sushi restaraunt in noho. The restaraunt 5757 was wonderful although when I checked in at the front desk I told her we had a reservation there in the next hour and needed to get our bags upstairs asap, she told me not to wear what I was wearing (how rude) I was wearing a pair of nice jeans, boots and a long nice black coat. I called the restaraunt to cancel (because I needed my suit pressed, and didnt have time) and he asked why and I told him and he was upset and said we would be his guest and treated us wonderfully (That was nice). To some this hotel may be perfect to us it was only a hotel, nothing special, not worth the money.	
Dec 14 2004	Flawless	A flawless experience. The space was intimate but glamorous. Exceptionally courteous staff that's hard to find in new york these days.	
Nov 8 2004	Superb Luxury		
Oct 13 2004	Great location for shopping but Hotel needs a little work		
Oct 12 2004	Like an Exquisite Marble Palace		
Aug 22 2004	Four Seasons is the NY Hotel for the Pampered Traveler		
Aug 7 2004	Sophisticated luxury		
Jul 13 2004	Perfect!		
Jun 4 2004	Best in Service		
Mar 21 2004	i'll be back		
Mar 16 2004	Definitely the best hotel in New York		
Oct 3 2003	The Four Seasons : "Highly recommended!"		
Nov 19 2009 	Muy bueno		
Jun 9 2009 	???????????		
Sep 13 2008 	??????????		
Jul 13 2008 	Was für eine Enttäuschung....		
Jul 30 2007 	Todo a lo grande		
Jan 17 2007 	Ausgezeichnetes Hotel		
