	Not for luxury or romance but perfect for a girlie shopping trip!	I travelled to NYC with 3 girlfriends for a shopping trip and as such we weren't looking for a luxury hotel, just somewhere clean and comfortable to stay. We were all sharing one room to keep the costs down. I was worried the hotel was only 2*, but this one had good reviews, so we took a chance and were not disappointed. The room we had was very spacious and had 2 singles and one double bed - i was worried that 4 girls in one room would mean we were tripping over each other, but this was not an issue. The beds were very comfortable and clean. The bathroom was fine and the towels were changed everyday. The common parts of the hotel are not pretty or plush but as I say we only wanted somewhere to sleep.Excellent location, 2 blocks from Macys and the Empire state building and within walking distance of the other shops on 5th avenue.The one bad thing I have to say is that the radiator in our room was very load on the first night, very clunky and a lot of running water noise and it did keep me awake. In the morning I had a look at it and turned it off and it was fine after that and the room was not too cold either, so only a small issue. I also overheard another guset complaining about this in reception - but as i say with the radistor off it was not an issue.I don't give many hotels 5*, but for what I was looking for on this trip it ticked all the boxes, so I can't fault it.	
	What A Fab Holiday	I went to new york with my boyfriend and it was the first time we had been. Spend ages looking for a hotel that was in central new york and we found hotel grand union and it was a fab place. Really ideal location 2 blocks from empire state building and times square. Rooms really clean and simple double bed tv and ensuite basically somewhere to sleep while in new york. And if you looking for some breakfast before you start your busy day then go to captains cafe its part of hotel the service is really good and you get food really fast. All in all grand union is a fab place to stay	
Nov 18 2009 	Great value and great location.	Hotel was ideal for budget city break. No frills, just basic room, tv, air con and en-suite. Room was clean with daily maid service. The room we stayed in was a reasonable size (10th floor), no view as we were at the back of the building, but was quiet.Like others have said, it's ideal if all you're going to do is sleep and somewhere for a quick change before dinner.The cafe next door was ideal for breakfast - we ate there every morning. Lovely, friendly staff. We would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 15 2009 	Disappointing dirty rooms	We were pleasantly encouraged by various trip advisor reviews that this hotel was clean, pleasant, and offered value for money. Whilst it's location, in particular to the Empire State building which is a 5 minute walk cannot be denied, the rooms and service were lacking. Our room was not clean, we had dirty sheets and hair on our pillows. We requested new bedding and were given 3 pillow cases from a cupboard. No apology from staff, and no one seemed particularly bothered. The reception staff appeared mostly bored, and while they would answer queries, it wasn't exactly with any enthusiasm. Would not stay here again or recommend.	
Nov 9 2009 	Not great hotel but worth it for the price and location	We stayed here for 5 days in September. It was cheap and pretty much what you would expect- small rooms with basic amenities, small lift, no real view..................but hey, this is New York. If you only plan to spend time in the room to get changed and sleep, and want to do lots of sightseeing, it is perfect. Several subway stops nearby so you are close to every line. It is literally around the corner from the Empire State Building and a very short walk away from Macy's, Grand Central Station and the Crysler and flat iron buildings.Despite the hotel being very basic, the staff are lovely and do everything to make your stay as pleasurable as possible (within the limitations of a cheap hotel)I would stay again	
Nov 2 2009 	Got what I paid for..	Pros: great location; cheapCons: dingy lifts; small and poorly ventilated bathrooms; our room's heater could not be turned off (even with the help of hotel staff) so we had the A/C on as well in order to sleep &quot;comfortably&quot;	
Nov 2 2009	Excellent Location for Sightseeing	Was impressed as soon as we arrived at the hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful, and allowed us immediate access to our room. Room was clean, decor was very neat. Layout of the room was exactly what we needed. There weren't many hangers, so take some with you, and I would have liked to be able to make a drink in the room. Also it doesn't state that there is a hairdryer but there was in our room. Our window opened out into a service yard, which meant no natural daylight, on the good side there was no noise at night. Very close to subway and Empire State Building. It's about 20 minutes walk to Time Square. Macy's is close by too. We wouldn't hesitate at staying at this hotel again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent Hotel Friendly Helpful Staff Great Location	Great Hotel, friendly staff. Excellent location, just off Broadway. Rooms were clean and newly decorated. Would definitely stay again. Great Diners and Coffee Shops within a couple of minutes walk.	
Oct 30 2009 	Excellent value for money!	Just arrived back from my second visit to New York. Last year I treated my wife to a stay at an up town &quot;posh&quot;(expensive) hotel for her 60th. This year,we took our two daughters (both in their 20's) and we had an equally great time. This hotel was completely different but it did the trick. Our room was a quadruple. It was at the rear and therefore didn't have a view, but who cares? When you come in after a hard day sight-seeing, all you want to do is sleep....The room was clean, had a great shower, towels were changed every day and the beds made. The hotel is only a few yards from the nearest metro subway, but you can walk up to Times square in about 15 mins. Breakfast places were very close and very reasonable! The staff were consistently friendly and helpful. I would certainly use this hotel again on my next trip.	
Oct 29 2009 	Cheap And Cheerful	This Midtown hotel is fine if your a solo traveller or on a buget. The staff are very quiet but helpful. The room is big enough for 1 or 2 adults and is clean and tidy but this is not a hotel to relax in and enjoy the amenities its somewhere to rest your head and thats about it. The location is very good its very close to the Empire state building, Macys and a short trip to Times Square(AMAZING). If you want to visit other areas in the city then there are always cabs and the subway. I enjoyed my short stay at this hotel but next time I visit NYC I intend to splash out and stay at one of the hotels in Times Square or up by Central park which are alot more expensive.	
Oct 22 2009 	Ok for a short stay	The room was clean, but the bedding was worn and should be replaced. I did not check whether my room was facing the street and I wish I had. It was very noisy and I hardly slept, so take ear plugs just in case. The staff were friendly and very helpful. It's location wasn't bad. It takes approximately 30 mins to walk from the hotel to Radio City Music Hall. I would recommend this hotel to those who are not fussed and just want a place to sleep, or for a short stay.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	Stayed here for 5 nights and although the rooms are small they are clean and comfortable. The staff were very nice, friendly and helpful, we had a few laughs with them and they obliged with the loan of a wine opener, which won me over LoL!The location is unbeatable with the subway a few munutes away and the ESB and Macy's literally 5 mins walk.. We used the little cafe attached to the hotel everyday for breakfast and coffee and they were great, very helpful and friendly. Next time I visit New York I will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 2 2009 	Brilliant Hotel! Great Location and Rooms!	After reading some reviews on the site, we were rather nevous of what to expect However we found the hotel perfect and have recomended it to friends!Check in was fast, and we was given a large family room (1 double and 2 twin beds) the amount of space in the room was great, the bathroom was clean. The rooms were cleaned everyday, new towels and toilettes were left everyday. Luckly we had a back room, so it was quiet. The hotel is in great walking distance to many sights! Such as the Empire State building, it is around a 15 minute walk to Times Square, and is near the subways.Many people on here have commented on the lack of customer service from reception, however we found them no problem, if acknowledge them, then they will acknowledge you.The only downside to the rooms, was although there was a fridge in the room, there was no tea/coffee making facilities.Captins Cafe which is adjoined to the hotel serves brilliant breakfasts, we ate here everyday. The people working here are so friendly, and once again, if you acknowledge them, and make conversation with them, they will only be too happy to talk back, and give you infomation which you need. (You can also buy takeaway coffee and teas for $2 to drink in your room)The hotel has free wi-fi, with two computers and a printer downstairs.Obviously if you are used to 5* luxary, this hotel won't be for you, but if you just want a nice cheap (by new york standers anyway) then this hotel is a must!	
Oct 2 2009 	Good value hotel in a great location	This hotel was clean and the room was large. Free Wifi and air conditioning. Quite as well and close to Empire State and subway.	
Sep 24 2009 	Clean room in an amazing location great price	Location is everything on an island like Manhattan. This hotel is steps from Madison Avenue, Park Avenue... just blocks away from the Empire State Building, and a decent stroll from the theater district (Broadway) and Times Square. Only once did I bother to get a cab. Service was good and the room, while small, was definitely clean and comfortable.	
Sep 11 2009 	Excellent Hotel and Staff	I recently stayed in this hotel for 7 nights with my husband on our honeymoon to New York and I could not recommend it highly enough. The rooms were comfortable, quiet and cleaned daily by the excellent cleaning staff. Staff at reception were extremely helpful. The hotel is so centrally located and only one block away from Empire State Building. There are alot of nice Irish bars/restaurants in the streets surrounding the hotel. I hope to return to New York again as I loved it so much and will definitely stay at Hotel Grand Union when I return.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great Location	The location of this hotel cannot be beat. It was a great value for New York City as well. Booking with Amtrak, we got this hotel for 90 dollars a night, and it was stupendous. I could not recommend a better place to stay for the money, rooms were clean and quiet and you can go absolutely anywhere from here, easy access to the subway. Great restaurants and bars are nearby as well. A+	
Aug 19 2009 	Comfortable and Quiet!	My boyfriend and I were on a budget and didn't want to spend a lot of money on hotels as we were going to NYC to view the city and not stay in our hotel room. Our trip was for 4 nights and 5 days. We found this hotel on Expedia for about $100/night CAD which was a great deal compared to some of the other hotels. Before we left, I read some reviews about this hotel so a week before we left, I emailed the hotel and requested a room in a quiet section of the hotel.Check-in was really quick and easy. They were also flexible with us checking in before 4pm (their check-in time). The room was clean and small with a double bed, but that was okay as we were expecting this. The bed was really soft and comfortable, however, my boyfriend didn't think it was firm enough; nonetheless we both slept very well each night and the room was a great location as it was really quiet (no outside noise). There was also a mini-fridge which was very handy as the week we were there, it was really hot so we could buy bottles of water and store it in the fridge. The people at the hotel were really nice and accomodating. The manager even gave us a free pass at the internet since it was our first usage. The hotel also had a secured luggage storage area which was useful as on the day of check-out, our transportation wasn't going to be until later that evening so we were able to put our luggages into storage at no cost and do a one last tour of the city and then retrieve the luggages later that evening. The location of the hotel is excellent! It is literally about a block away from the Empire State Building. You could even walk to Times Square! It's only about a 30 minute walk from the hotel to Times Square one way. This hotel is also close to food areas. The only thing we didn't know about the hotel was that it is in Korea Town, which is fine, but since there are a lot of Korean/Japanese restaurants on the same street as the hotel, if you walk that street, it reeks of garbage. We arrived Saturday afternoon and all weekend, as soon as you stepped outside, it stank! However, the smell toned down a bit during the week (probably because garbage trucks were working again). I thought that was the only downfall, but since the hotel is in a great location, we bear it!The hotel also has a cafe beside it so it was really convenient to just grab a bagel/muffin or something and go on your way instead of having to search for a breakfast place. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at this hotel and would come stay there again when we come back to NYC.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great Location !	The Grand Union Hotel was great! The people were very welcoming. The price was right &amp; the location was perfect. I would defintely stay here again!	
Aug 17 2009 	Does what it says on the tin	For NYC standards good value for money. I liked the location. For NYC standards its a 'budget' hotel for something just under 200 bucks a night. Room was adequate, boring but clean and tidy. Since wasnt in NYC to sleep it was just fine. Would recommend again but I'm sure one could hunt down better deals if enough time to do so. One annoyance: the 'fixed' rates for an airport transfer listed in the foyer were incorrect. I was expecting a yellow cab, instead got some dude in a beaten up piece of americana (1980s cadillac?) with a dirty boot, who drove like a demon. He overcharged the price listed in the hotel by 10 bucks so I gave him what he asked for and didnt tip- so check with the front desk if you dont want some cowboy in a beaten up monster.	
Aug 9 2009 	Gloomy and depressing!	We stayed here for 5 nights and left feeling like trolls escaping into the daylight. We were given a room on the 4th floor which was small and closed in. There was no daylight through the windows at all and it was impossible to do anything without all the lights on. The bathroom was much the same. The room was just the right side of clean. The air conditioning unit was set into the window and was right on top of the bed close enough to touch! This made life difficult at night when you went to bed. The only positive about this hotel is it's location as it is very central to all the things you will want to see and do. If you want location at the top of your list and will only be staying for a couple of nights then go for it, but if want some standard of comfort (and daylight!!) then avoid it like the plague!!	
Aug 7 2009 	Great location clean not fancy but served its purpose well	We stayed in NYC with our two teenage daughters. We were looking for a clean, inexpensive (by NYC standards), comfortable hotel in a safe neighborhood. We were able to get a quad which included two single beds and a twin for about $150 ($189 total w/ taxes) for three nights. You save if you book two or more nights. The hotel was in a great location. It looks like it was a converted apartment building. We were able to check in early. Use the unlimited Metro pass and you're anywhere in the city within 20 minutes. Easy walk to Herald Square and Times Square. Front desk was polite, businesslike, but not too friendly. Expect a decent, clean place to stay (not luxurious) and you won't be disappointed. Our room was very quiet - very little street noise, couldn't hear our neighbors. The water pressure for showers was low, but still usable. The elevator was pretty slow. The Captain's Cafe next door was terrific. Good breakfasts at very good prices. The kids loved it. We were quite pleased.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great place reasonably priced and perfecet location. 2nd visit here	I wish I could remember the manager's name on reception but I travelled in May and can't recall. He was brilliant. Really looked after us trip wise and very friendly. The Grand Union is NOT the posh Marriott Marquis but it is not Marriott Marquis prices either. We opted for a room without a view (you don't need on in NYC as you see that when out and about) and it was very quiet. The hotel is very clean and it has the Captains Cafe joining it which is just great for breakfeast. Try their omelettes! You couldn't really be any closer to the Empire State. A word of advice on that. If you can only afford one trip up a tall building, opt for the Rockefeller centre over the Empire. You get a much better view of the park and the experience is better too at the same price. I cannot recommend the Grand Union highly enough and will always stay there when in NY. The weather that week was amazingly good, really warm and sunny, we were lucky.If you have never been to NY, you will just love it.	
Jul 28 2009 	Excellent location! Clean Hotel! Fab!	Me and my partner stayed at the Grand Union hotel last November for 5 nights! If you want NY on a budget, with good location...then this is the hotel for you! The hotel is nothing spectacular, but it has everything you need and is clean! Also, there is a diner right outside the hotel, which we ate at most mornings!....Cheap, traditional American breakfast to set you up for a day in New York City!!!	
Jul 21 2009 	Perfectly adequate central budget hotel	My husband and I recently stayed for 4 nights at the Grand Union Hotel. It is a budget hotel and the room was not large but as we are out as much as possible this was not a problem. The lobby area and internet lounge are quite smart. Once you go up in the lift, it is not quite so plush but you get what you pay for. We stayed in four hotels on the East coast during this holiday and the Grand Union was the only hotel to offer me the going rate on the day we booked in, rather than the higher rate that we had made the reservation at) and consequently saved us £200. There was an adjoining cafe which did breakfasts but we popped round the corner to Starbucks and had bagels. The hotel is only one block from the Empire State Building, a 10 minute walk to Grand Central Station and 20 minutes from Times Square. The air conditioning did not seem to work very well but we could not leave the window open as it was quite noisy outside (we were at the front of the hotel on the 1st floor) early in the morning. It was not a main road so I am not sure why it was noisy. But if you want a budget hotel within easy walking distance of most things, I would recommend the Grand Union.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great location comfortable bed and friendly staff	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights. Our room was fairly small, but met our needs. Bathroom a little dated, but everything here works well. The rooms are clean, bed very comfortable and great service from the desk. The location is amazing. We were able to get anywhere we wanted in a short time, and only a 5-10 min walk to Penn Station. Great eateries close by and just 2 blocks from the Empire State building (we had a view of it from the bathroom window). I would highly recommend this to couples or friends travelling together.	
Jun 28 2009 	WOW! What a deal	The location could not be any better. It is within walking distance from many of NY's great sites. The price cannot be beat in this city. It is in a safe area. It is clean and the bed was comfortable. Although just a &quot;2-star&quot; hotel, this is a great find. I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
May 21 2009 	Cheap clean and in an excellent location!!!	My boyfriend and I have just come back from a 6 night stay at the Grand Union Hotel. The hotel is in an excellent location to see most of the main attractions and there is a metro stop a few minutes away although we mostly walked everywhere. The hotel is basic but clean and our room was at the back of the hotel (room 208) which was really quiet. Captains cafe next door is nice and cheap but there are tons of cafes and deli's nearby with plenty more choice on the menu. We just wanted a clean and safe hotel with basic amenities in a good location and this hotel certainly ticks all of the boxes. I would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel to others!!!	
Apr 26 2009 	GREAT LOCATION	Stayed here for 6 days before going on a cruise. It was a great location at a good price. We asked for a room at the rear of the hotel and you wouldn't have known you were in New York as it was so quiet. The rooms are quite small but as we didn't spend any time apart from sleeping it was fine for what we needed. The room was clean and the maid came every day and changed the towels every day too. We also found the room to get quite warm so had to have the air con on most of the time. the fridge came in very handy. We found the reception staff to be ok. The Captains Cafe served good breakfasts at reasonable prices. We asked reception to book us a cab to Cape Liberty and a big black limo arrived, however this was a nice end to our New York stay and we enjoyed travelling in style. If we return to New York, we would stay here again as we would rather spend our money on sightseeing and other things than on a hotel room.	
Apr 15 2009 	nice but nothing fancy	my visit to the Grand Union wasn't a surprise at all. When I arrived ,the staff accomidated me by giving me my room earlier than my check in time. The staff was nice but not too friendly if that makes any sense. The room I stayed in was clean but very small and basic, but what does one expect for the price. The Captains cafe connected to the hotel had ok food , but it was cheaply priced. overall, I would stay there again only if my budget was low .it's a nice place to stay if you are looking for a good nights sleep and that's all.	
Apr 15 2009 	Fantastic location basic noisy hotel but good for NYC on a budget	Hotel Grand Union is ideally located to see all the sights of this great city. You can walk to most places, but the metro station is extremely close as well - 33rd st stop actually comes up at 32nd st, and you are about 100feet from the hotel.Something to remember if you stay here - do not rely on a wake up call from the hotel. Lucky for us we set a back up alarm on our mobile as the wake up call came late. Also, if the hotel offers to call you a cab, make sure it is a yellow cab. We clearly said that we wanted a regular cab, but they called the private car company they seem to have an affiliation with. This cost more than a regular cab.At first we thought that the street noise wouldn't be an issue. During the day it is a reasonably quite street noise wise, but at night it is a completely different story. We had a room on the street. I thought about changing as soon as I found this out, but sat in the room for a while and thought it wasn't too bad. But in the middle of the night there was garbage truck after grabage truck (I'm talking more than 3-4+ between the hours of 11pm and 3am) and they are really loud, and the guys yell out to eachother as well. Peaceful! One morning we woke up to a jackhammer going really early as well. It might not sound like much- but it was honestly really bad. So get a room at the back!Our room was always warm, in fact a bit too warm at night. It is very small, but it is manhattan after all. The bathroom was nice but the shower is the smallest I have ever seen, you can't even bend over to wash your feet. The bed was reasonably comfortable, but it was a double and we're used to a Queen so it was a bit small.Other than that, all was good. The staff were helpful enough when we needed them (apart from our departure arrangments as discussed above). The cafe next door is great for breakfast.	
Mar 23 2009 	Grand location!	my partner and i are just back from a five day visit to new york where we stayed in this wee gem of a hotel, it was in the perfect position for all the visitor attractions and the price was spot on great value for the centre of manhatten, i would recommend that if you plan to take a trip to the big apple go budget because you dont want to spend loads off money on a hotel that you will only sleep in.	
Mar 23 2009 	Perfect	This place is fantastic,Our trip to NYC was overshadowed by hotel selection, didn't want to spend hundreds of pounds on a hotel. This place is great one of the few reasonably priced hotels in Manhatten where you have a private bathroom, and at £80 per night (2008) its a steal! walking distance to Times Square, Central Park, 1 Block from Empire State Building viewing distance of the Chrysler Building its great. Also the Metro station 5 minutes east of the front door takes you straight to the Financial district for Brooklyn Bridge, Staten Island Ferry for the Statue of Liberty views and WTC memorial.Excellent.	
Mar 4 2009 	good location and room	Location: About 8 minutes' walk from Penn station, along busy West 32nd Street and onto East 32nd - most of the traffic disappears up 5th or Madison Avenues so by the time you reach the hotel it's reasonably quiet. The adjoining Captain's Cafe serves cheap comfort food like burgers and breakfasts, and there are some decent oriental food spots in the area, but really top-notch cuisine is a subway ride away. Macy's and Empire State Building are a few blocks away, and whilst there is a subway stop on the same block as the hotel, the nearby 34th / Herald Square stop goes to far more destinations. Room: Stayed in room 208. Decent-sized bed and comfortable, although I did notice a small collection of hairs on my pillow. Shower and toilet facilities spotlessly clean. The room faces an inner courtyard - excellent if you are the sort of person who might be bothered by the small amount of traffic noise, but there is no natural daylight whatsoever. Hopefully you haven't come to NY to spend lots of time in your room but if you have, keep the lights on. One complaint - the room temperature fluctuated between toasty and sweaty. The radiators need repairing or replacing. Service: Adequate. Don't expect the painted-on smiles or &quot;have a nice day&quot; attitude you'd get in other NY establishments, but check-in and check-out were seamless. Facilities: Not many. Internet access is available for a price. This hotel has an excellent location and room quality considering the price paid. I would recommend this hotel to just about anybody.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great Good Value 	We stayed in the 4 bedded room for 4 night with the tax it was about £40 a night each.The captains table next door was great for breakfast.The Hotel was clean warm and all the staff were friendly and helpful.It is really close to the Empire state building and 5 minutes from Braodway.If i went back to New York we would stay here again	
Feb 24 2009 	Excellent Location - good sleep	Stayed in Room 504 - faces the street, a little noisy during the night but not too bad, had a view of the Empire State. Rooms were clean and very comfortable, great showers very powerful. Location is 5-10 min walk from Grand Central, 33rd St station is less than a minute away, Times Sq is about 15/20 min walk. Lots of good places to eat breakfast nearby, the Captains cafe was good and theres a cafe/deli opposite the hotel which has alot of choices for breakfast. Staff were helpful, there is internet available to use, free for 10 mins p/d. Also there are 2 unsecured wifi access to select, from this room ;-) - All in all for the price i paid this is a excellent choice if you want good location and a good night sleep after walking about in NYC.	
Feb 16 2009 	Good location no nonsence hotel	I read numerous reviews on this hotel and viewed pictures of the various parts of the hotel. Pre-booking the hotel it had excellent reports but I was getting worried towards departing for New york as there were varied reports on the hotel. When I arrived the decor looked dated. The staff were friendly and gave us our keys. The room was bigger than expected, had a television, hairdryer and a fridge. The bedroom and bathroom was clean. Initially the hot water was cold but we ran it for 15 minutes and it got hot. There was no problem for the rest of the week. The heat came on in the evening and it got very hot during the night because it was hard to control. The rooms were cleaned every day and we were given fresh towels. The double bed was comfortable. The location of the hotel was excellent. We just walked everywhere for most of the week because the hotel was so central. Check out macys, century 21 for great shopping. Avoid Jack Dempseys Irish Bar as the guinness they serve is clearly not guinness!!Although breakfast was not provided there were numerous places surrounding the hotel. The captain cafe was average and we much preferred the cafe directly across the road. All in all I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Feb 11 2009 	Great Location	Execellent location, room was big enough, comfortable and warm. The hotel booked us onto a shuttle bus for the return journey to the airport and we generally very helpful.	
Jan 29 2009 	clean 	We stayed at the grand union hotel. We were originally put in room 308 which was very draughty and cold especially as January is freezing in New York. But once we spoke to the helpful staff we were put in room 708. This room was clean comfortable and very warm. The hotel is very conviently located. It is near to MACYS &amp; The Empire State building. There is a diner attached to the hotel that do nice breakfast/lunch, with lovely and friendly staff. This is basically a 2 star hotel which as I said was comfortably clean and quiet, We enjoyed staying there and would stay again. There is internet access and access to a free safety deposit box.	
Jan 22 2009 	Very good hotel	We stayed here for four nights with two parents and two teenagers. We stayed in a nice, spacious three bedded room. Very nice hotel for the price.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great option for budget travelers	I was looking for an affordable option in a convenient Manhattan location, and this fit the bill. The room was small and dark, with only one window facing a brick wall, but on the plus side it was very quiet. The room was clean, and the newly renovated bathroom was nice. The staff were helpful. My only complaint is that there was no hot water during the days and evenings - just mornings. The staff said they had maintenance people working on it, but given that it was a pattern every day we were there, I have my doubts about that explanation. Finally, the radiator is loud, so if you are a light sleeper, earplugs are not a bad idea. Aside from the hot water situation, we were very happy there, and it's somewhere I would stay again.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great value for money	I'd definately recommend this hotel as it was a great location, very clean (came in every day) and its cheap as chips. Its not luxury but a great place to lay your head if thats what you're looking for. I would definately go back.	
Jan 10 2009	Good price for midtown clean basic rooms	Decided on this hotel after other choice sold out.Kind of glad since it was very convenient location,not even a block to subway 6 line,had little cafe connected to hotel which was great.Very short walk to ESB,Macy's,Herald Square,shopping,food,etc.The room itself was a little small but absolutely no issue fitting myself &amp; my teenage son &amp; 2 large suitcases.Had room w/ full bed &amp; twin. #211.Bathroom tiny but I liked having just shower stall w/no tub.No place to leave out toiletries.Just left everything in my toiletry bag &amp; put that on handy shelf under bathroom window.Left out essential soap/face wash for everyday use.Towels were changed every single day &amp; good job on cleaning of actual room.No complaints there.There was luggage rack &amp; rod w/hangers which was great.There was this large water tank type thing outside of bathroom which I found odd.Really not too noisy but just strange.However,after I stepped in this huge puddle was happy to have this thing as it generated some heat so was able to dry my socks, boots &amp; pants on it.Never had to use heater in room,actually had to crack window.Nice little fridge in room which was great for drinks.A microwave would make this hotel almost perfect for me.No view from window but I'm not going to NY to look out my window so didn't matter.I was here right before Xmas holidays &amp; there was a nice tree in lobby.The front desk never really acknowledged us when leaving or returning which I think is bad customer service.You can at least say hello.It seemed the front desk did talk/were friendlier to foreigners which I find strange. They themselves spoke English but w/accent so maybe that's why.I say treat everyone the same. The only time we took the elevator was when we checked in &amp; out otherwise we always took the stairs the one flight to our room.The very few times we saw the maids they were very friendly. This is a nice small hotel close to everything. I would not hesitate to stay here again on my next trip to NYC.Hopefully front desk people warm up to us non foreigners &amp; they'll work on free internet.Voucher for 10 minute use very cheap of them. Ladies,go to Century 21 for shopping.Had to buy boots 'cause it snowed.Got great pair of Bearpaws for $38!Can't find that price back home/online! And great $5 supposedly pashmina scarves.I loaded up for souvenirs.Use Captains Cafe. Tony very nice. Breakfast for two was never more than $12 w/tip if that &amp; can get your coffee/cocoa to go.City pass is the way to go.Good price &amp; lines shorter than general public lines.Get metro card &amp; don't be afraid of riding the subway.I always buy 7 day option.Great value &amp; very safe. Never an issue &amp; this is 2nd week long visit to NYC in 2008. I can't believe how much of a police force is always present almost everywhere. Always felt safe in NYC. Go to Astro Gallery of Gems on 34th if you want to see awesome mineral specimens. My son is a rockhound so if anyone else has an interest in this,best store in the country for specimens. John there is very friendly/super nice. You can get good stuff for good price but they also carry the thousands of $$ stuff too. Most of all,HAVE FUN!	
Jan 5 2009 	Loved it Great Location	We checked in on December 27th and checked out at 12:00 on December 30th and loved every minute of it. The hotel staff was very helpful with telling us how to get to places and the little resturant next door The Captains Quarters has a GREAT breakfast for a really good price!!!. If I ever go back I WILL stay at the Hotel Grand Union again.	
Dec 16 2008 	Good Solid Choice	I have just returned from a four night stay at the Hotel Grand Union and enjoyed my stay there very much. This is not a luxury five star hotel by any means, but for the price and location, you can't beat it. It is a short, half block walk to the green line subway station. I asked for a quiet room, and was given one on the back of the building. We had to go through two fire doors to get to our room, but that was not a problem. It cut down on hall noise. While the hotel does not have any sort of resturant, there is an excellent diner right next door called the Captain's Cafe--a very good choice for breakfast, or you could also get a cup of coffee and bagel and take back to your room. We enjoyed the small refrigerator in the room. It would have been nice to have a small coffee maker in there as well, but this is only a small inconvenience. I found the front desk staff helpful and friendly. I was able to check in the room very quickly. I would definitely stay here again, and would not hesitate to recommend it to a friend. If you're looking for luxury accommodations, this is not the place for you. But if you want a clean, very reasonably priced, well located hotel, give this place a try.	
Dec 14 2008 	Clean comfortable.	My boyfriend and I stayed there for a night, then returned for two more nights a couple of days later. The first night we had a pretty small room, but when we returned for the second part of the stay we had a much larger room. There is a small frig in the room and the bathrooms and room were very clean. It's great for the value. The desk staff could have been a little friendlier, but that's ok because I wasn't there to make new friends anyway. The &quot;free&quot; internet is actually only 10 min. on the PCs they have in the lobby. I was able to find free wifi. The bottom floors have a lot of street noise. The subway is right outside the hotel! the day we left, we stored our luggage in a locked room off the lobby. I really liked it. For Manhattan, the rates are cheap.	
Dec 13 2008	Worst hotel experience we've ever had!	My husband and I were able to check into this hotel early so we sat our things down in our room, and proceeded to sight see and shop in the city. When we returned later that evening, we found our hotel had been broken into and all of our valuables were stolen. There was no sign of forced entry; however, after notifying the hotel staff, they practically accused us of staging the incident. We called the police, filed a report and asked the Hotel Grand Union for a refund. We have yet to receive that refund. They were extremely defensive and never even once apologized for what happened to us. Luckily, the NYPD had compassion on us and gave us a ride to another hotel. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 9 2008 	Great overall location	My friend and I traveled to NYC in August for a long weekend. We found this hotel to be very comfortable and clean. It was located in a great part of the city, mere blocks away from Penn Station and in close proximity to many famous sights. The subway was located less than a block away so it may traveling around the city very easy. We also felt that the concierge service that the hotel offered was very helpful. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone I know.	
Dec 5 2008 	Please give this place a chance	After a few bad reviews I was a bit worried about Hotel Grand Union but these fears were unfounded. Yes the rooms are basic and the decor dated but hey you're 2 streets away from 5th avenue and the jewel in the crown &quot;The Captains Cafe&quot; is right next door!! Fab breakfasts and sadly we only, the day that we left, realised they do the best burgers in the area!! Brilliant value!! You are so central and everything e.g Empire State Building, Macys etc are on your doorstep. All in all excellent location, tasty breakfasts and friendly reception staff. Would definitely recommmend it to friends and family. If you are used to 5 star and luxury this may not be for you but if you want somewhere central, comfortable, clean, friendly and helpful the the Hotel Grand Union is for you. Don't hesitate to ask me any questions!! Enjoy	
Nov 26 2008 	Great value hotel	My wife and I picked this hotel for a 3 day break before heading off into New England, based on Tripadvisor reviews. Booked through Hotel Discount, and I phoned the Hotel about 4 days before we were due to arrive, and it was as well we did because they had never heard of us! Staff were very helpful and after contacting the agents themselves they were able to resolve the problem and fit us in as planned. Room at the front was a bit noisy as there is a FedEx depot just down the street, but everywhere in NYC has its share of noise - it wasn't excessive and didn't spoil our stay. Room was as described by other reviewers - clean, adequate size, reasonable ensuite facilities (rare in this price bracket in Manhattan), and very helpful staff. Ideally located near the Empire State. We recommend you go up as soon as you arrive to get your bearings, and forget the map but DO use the audio guide. If you buy a city pass, the Empire state includes the audio guide as part of the deal. Go and see the Museum of Natural history, Metropolitan art gallery, but we felt that there was a touch of &quot;the kings new clothes&quot; about the Guggenheim and the Museum of Modern Art. But the Frick Collection on 5th Avenue is an absolute gem and not to be missed.We would happily stay in the Grand Union again, and would recommend it to our friends and family.	
Nov 25 2008 	Comfortable Mid-Town Hotel	We found this hotel clean and comfortable for a 3 night stay in NYC. It's nicely situated for mid-town with the Empire State just a couple of blocks away, Times Square 10 minutes on foot and the number 6 subway train for down town at the end of the street.There are several cafes/places to eat within a block or two and the hotel has it's own coffee shop.There was a small fridge in the room but no coffee maker - it's worth taking your own travel kettle like we did. The bathroom was nice and clean, OK shower and hairdryer. The hotel provided some soap and shampoo though a couple of extra towels would have been nice.The front desk was matter of fact - wanted payment on arrival and didn't fix the problem with the TV (remote not working) as requested.I would recommend this hotel, particularly to those on a budget. Usually to get hotels in this price range in NYC you have to have a shared bathroom or stay out of Manhattan which means a long commute. In our case we just wanted somewhere clean and comfortable. Didn't go to NYC to hang around in a hotel! The Grand Union fitted the bill exactly.	
Nov 23 2008 	Great Location!!	Great Location! We thought we would need to take cabs for some locations we wanted to travel to, but we walked most places. If we need to go further (i.e. Statue of Liberty, World Trade Center Site) we took the subway, which was easy to get to from our hotel. The rooms were very small, but if you don't plan to spend much time in your room this hotel is a great option for the price.	
Nov 21 2008 	Good location	We have just got back from staying in this hotel and to be honest after reading some of the reviews on here i was a bit worried if it was going to be OK - but - our room was clean, had hot water all the time and clean towels everyday, the reception staff were friendly and helpful and the location couldn't have been much better. The only negatives i could say were that we needed a new mattress in our room, the lift was slow and the walls were thin. The reception staff will sort out a taxi for you to the airport, they have free safety deposit boxes in the office and a safe room to put your bags if you aren't flying til late that day. The Captains Cafe next door was great for breakfast and was cheap too. The Empire State Building is only 2 blocks away, we really enjoyed the downtown bus tour, the tkts boxes have theatre tickets on sale everyday, to see the Statue of Liberty - the Staten Island Ferry - is a good idea as its free and you go right past the Statue.	
Nov 19 2008 	nice hotel	stayed here for 3 nights paid £550 per person with flights from manchester. Firstly the good points, the location is brilliant, well within walkin distance of many of the attractions, check in was fast and efficient, we were given two rooms on the ninth floor hich didn't bother us, the rooms were clean ( though see bad points ) a good bathroom and a t.v. no tea/coffee making facilities, towels are changed everyday. There is no breakfast but adjacent to the hotel is the brilliant captains cafe diner, a full house breakfast special $7.95 (see menu pages.com) sets you up for the day. the hotel has internet access if you need it. The hotel is on a quiet street, there are some nice bars on west 33rd st a five minute walk including jack demsey's bar which serves nice food.Now there are two bad points, whilst in room 901 i was bitten several times by a mosquito and the room was very humid as the air conditioning was so noisy, secondly they advertise a car service to take you back to the airpoprt, be aware the price quoted is not the price you pay, it was offered as $60 + $8 tolls, we figured with a tip the price would be $78- $80 when we got to newark the price was $85 and he wanted his tip as well, needless to say he didn't get one, but to be honest the good points far outweigh the two minor bad points. All in all a great little hotel which i would not put people off staying there.	
Nov 16 2008	A rare diamond in Manhattan	I chose this hotel as one of the very few reasonably priced (by New York standards) hotels with ensuite bathrooms and good reviews in midtown Manhanttan. Its location is excellent, only two blocks from the Empire State Building and one block from the subway. The hotel is located in a relatively quiet street, providing a calm environment away from the hustle and bustle of the city.I arrived very late for my 3-night stay, at nearly midnight, and received a polite welcome at the hotel reception. The reception area is impressive for a small hotel, with a bright and clean feel.I was allocated a room with a double bed at the rear of the building. The room was of reasonable size and well-furnished in typical American style with heavy dark-wood furniture. The bathroom was spacious with a large bath, and nicely decorated in a marble effect. The bedroom and bathroom each had a window onto a shaft at the back of the building. As a consequence, there wasn't much natural light in the room, but this should not be a problem when not spending much time in the room during daylight hours. My only real criticism is that, as usual, there was a humming noise from this shaft, night and day, so I had to close the windows and use ear-plugs to get to sleep. Nevertheless, the comfortable bed allowed me a good night's sleep and, overall, the room provided a perfectly adequate base for a short visit to New York.Breakfast was not included in the room rate (which was $175 per night plus taxes), but the hotel has a small adjoining coffee shop where an excellent breakfast can be had at a reasonable price.Another positive feature of this hotel is cleanliness. The room and communal areas were very clean, and every morning the biggest band of cleaning staff that I have even seen in a hotel was clearly visible at work.In summary, this hotel would seem to be a rarity in central Manhattan - clean, relatively quiet and good value for money.	
Nov 11 2008 	Excellent value if cigarette smoke doesn't bother you	We stayed 3 nights. The staff are very friendly. The location is very central. The hotel is very clean. Although the decor is dated, that is easily overlooked given the price per night and the positive aspects noted above. Our room was on the 7th floor at the back and was quite quiet.My only complaint is that there are no non-smoking rooms/floors. This was not a problem on the first 2 nights, but on the third a smoker in presumably the next room, caused our room to smell of smoke.If it wasn't for the smoke, I would certainly stay here again without hesitation. Even with it, I'd probably take my chances because you can't find such clean hotel at such an affordable place in NYC, but really wish they would allocate a few floors as non-smoking.	
Nov 4 2008	Great stay!	I stayed in this hotel for 5 days and it was great!Its location is fantastic and there's a subway just on the corner.The room and the bathroom are clean... but they could change the furniture, they look like so old...	
Nov 3 2008	Worth the Money	My Wife and I stayed at the Grand Union Hotel for a week this October. The Hotel is actually exceeding expectations for the price level in downtown NYC. The point is this - when you come to NYC you have to set your expectations to a certain level. Generally in NYC, you pay 200USD just to get a room in downtown Manhattan that is the size of a sarcofagus and contains zero bugs, and then you add the $$$ per square foot in order to enlarge it. This is reality in NYC. Now here is a hotel, greatly located just north of Union Square with great cafe's and restaurants at stone's throw, the Empire States building around the corner and an almost a &quot;private&quot; Subway station 10 meters from the door, that has clean rooms (most of them were renovated recently so ask for the renovated ones, but even the renovated rooms are unattractive looking), where rooms feature a small fridge, TV, Hairdrier and phone - for under 200USD. In this respect it's a bargain. By the way - if you can - take the bigger rooms (since the basic ones are very small). We enjoyed our stay there and Recommend this hotel.	
Nov 2 2008 	Fantastic!!!	We had 5 nights at the Grand Union and we have to say it was alot better than what we expected it to be due to the low costs. We arrived late evening and the staff were very welcoming and friendly. We found our rooms to be a good size and very clean and comfortable. The bathroom had a good shower with constant hot water. The room was well furnished with everything you could need, chest of drawers, hanging rail even a dressing table. We found it just right.There was only one lift that sometimes you did have to wait for but for us the stair were much needed exercise after the big yummy breakfasts at Captains Cafe which was right next door to the hotel. The room was cleaned everyday with fresh towels, which their were plenty of.We found the staff to be very helpful, friendly and always acknowledged us when we were around the hotel. Captain's Cafe is a great addition to the hotel. They have great friendly staff and the food could not be better. Very reasonably priced for the amount you get and they are always welcoming and happy to cater for your needs. The owner Tony and his staff made our stay at the Grand Union Hotel even better. The location was perfect for our first ever visit to NYC. A subway was very close and many of the main sites were in walking distance (ESB, Macys, Times Square, 5th Avenue, Broadway). We recommend this hotel for comfort, great location. Captains Cafe and reasonable prices. We will definatly be going back next summer and staying there again.	
Oct 30 2008 	Good location small rooms	My Husband and I stayed at the Grand Union for 4 nights. We were initially given a room on the 2nd floor, overlooking the street. This room was really, really small. There wasnt even room for a wardrobe or chest of drawers, just a rack on the wall. There was no room for our suitcases, which had to be put against the door (not good if there is a fire!). The mattress on the bed was really soft and sunk in the middle.After a poor nights sleep, I went to reception and asked for another room towards the centre of the hotel.We were given a room that overlooked the central wall, it didnt have a view, but we were only really in the room to sleep anyway. This room was much bigger with a desk, chest of drawers and a nice flat screen TV. The Captains Cafe next door was good value and the food was good. The location of the hotel is brilliant, Empire State is within walking distance and a Subway stop is at the end of the road.There were computers in the lobby of the hotel which you could use which were reasonably priced.If you stay at this hotel and are unhappy with your room, ask at reception to be moved.	
Oct 30 2008 	Creepy dubious cleanliness	Stayed one night paid $200.the sheets and pillow cases were crumpled and stained, we removed the pillow slips revealing even more stained pillows.so I went downstairs to request fresh pillow slips the counter staff just stared at me and said that the linen was clean, it was just old and would not budge, I offered to show him but he said no, he did not want to see, &quot;there cannot be any thing wrong with the linen&quot;. I turned to return to my room, thinking its time to change hotels and the other guy presented me with four new crumpled pillow cases, so I took them back, and tried to get some sleep, It felt very creepy sleeping in a bed that just did not feel clean. Please read “Never Again!!!” from Mariolla it gives a very good description.	
Oct 25 2008 	Never Again!!!	We stayed in this hotel for 10 nights and were well prepared for a basic room with no luxury amenities. However and though the price ($205 per night) it wasn't worth it!The only pros were a normal size room and a nice location. The list of cons is pretty long though...1- Service- Before we booked this property we read most of the reviews here and were expecting at least a welcoming staff - What a disappointment - During all our stay no one ever greeted us with &quot;Hello&quot;, &quot;Good Morning&quot; or &quot;Good Night&quot;. They didn't even bother to raise their heads from the TV monitor when the guests entered the premises.Upon our arrival, we paid cash and the owner gave us a bad face when we asked for a receipt. When we asked for the cupon we were entitled for on $2 for 10 free minutes using the internet- The representative (who should be from Eastern Europe) gave us a look like he didn't know what we were talking about and only after we insisted he gave it to us like he was doing us a favour. One of the WORST services Ever!!! (And we travel a lot). The same representative didn't even bother to help us in opening the main doors, so we could carry our suitcases towards the shuttle upon departure. He just gave us a cold look,,, However, towards the Scandinavian and Russians guests he was very kind for some reason...Unbelievable!!!Another representative wasn't willing to help us make the call for the Super Shuttle back to the airport. Though I said I will pay for the call- He insisted they can only call another specific company, with whom they have an agreement with... He said the driver will help us with our suitcases- But he didn't, nor did the other member from the staff as I have indicated before...2- Room- We were expecting the brick wall with no natural light(which we got) and the smoky smell in the room (though it was supposed to be a non-smoking room) and the noisy air conditioner, BUT we didn't expect to find dirty water in the toilet even after you flush several times (nothing was done during our 10 days stay, though we have made the alert few times), the were no water pressure in the shower, no control between hot/cold water and a couple of times while showering the water just stopped all of a dudden and only returned after couple of phone calls to the reception and very long freezing minutes...The towels had stains on them (and only one towel for the hands- not a chance for 2 towels for 2 guests!), the linen weren't change though usually after a week they should be. As a result of the above- I have received a severe infectious rash all over my face...Moreover, one of the lamps didn't function and the guy who came said he needs to call an electrician, while as he only needed to move the bed a bit and plug it in (we did it ourselves, of course)... The walls are pretty thin and since our room was near the door entrance to that side of the corridor, we had loud noises all night of people coming and going back and forth towards that door and elevator. And speaking of which- Though the previous reviews here- We were on the 10th floor and didn't need to use the stairs even once- So, hey, I guess we have just managed to scrape another pathetic pro.3- Location- Though you are close to the Empire State Building and Macy's, you are pretty isolated at night from the main good diners, restaurants and the lively theatre district.All in all, though you are hardly in the room while visiting the magnificent NYC and though its accommodation prices are a killer- Next time we'll save a bit more and/or reserve enough time in advance, in order to have an adequate room with a POLITE staff and a proper service.Thus, if you can and if you value your money (yes, $205 is not nothing!)- Then stay away from the Grand Union Hotel and look for a place with better hygiene and service (wouldn't be too hard)!	
Oct 22 2008	Claustrophobe's nightmare as well as noisy	Our teeny, tiny room on the 10th floor was as wide as the double bed and two small nightstands. The lamp on one nightstand did not work and the other lamp worked intermittently. On one side of the bed is shelf and clothing rod. We had to remove the hangers to prevent bumping them just getting in and out of bed. We opened the drapes to see a brick wall. There is no towel rod by the shower because the room is not wide enough. The shower head was actually an aerator from a sink, reducing water flow to the point it was impossible to get my hair wet let alone wash out shampoo. It was easier to wash in the sink, which was cleaner than the tub. The sheets and towels are thin and worn out. The room was located between two fire doors and there was a steady stream of traffic (letting the doors slam) between 9pm and 3am even though there are only three other rooms beyond that fire door. Everything here is on the cheap--except for the price. No breakfast is provided. However, next door is a small restaurant that was adequate. We left our luggage at the hotel while we went out sightseeing. One bag had clearly been dropped and items inside were damaged. I did get to practice my Russian as the staff seemed to be mostly Russian as well as most of the other guests. If you like a little hidey hole for a room--this is the place for you. If you need to breathe, look elsewhere.	
Oct 20 2008 	Perfect located	A decent hotel on the 32 street near Empie State -Penn Station -Madison Square Garden and Macys - the location in litlle Korea was exelent - The nice Captains Cafe beside where you could by breakfeast for the 3-5 dollars beneath the hotel was a cosy place The staff in the Cafe and in the hotel was very helpfull and had always a smile on their lips. The rooms was spacy and although the furnitore was a little bit old - i can recomend this hotel as one of the best budgethotels i New Yorke	
Oct 18 2008 	New York - Grand Union	As a base, the hotel is great. Rooms are very basic but clean - no tea or coffee facilities in the room which we would have expected. Only 1 lift which would be problematic if you have some disabilities.Staff were helpful and polite which does help. There are no restraurant facilities at the hotel, which was no problem as you are in New York - eating capital of the world.The hotel was only a 3 minute walk from the Empire State and practically on the tour bus route, and only 12 - 15 minute walk from 42nd Street, perfect if you want to visit the larger stores or just pig out at the Hard Rock cafe.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great hotel small and efficent you realy feel like you know the staff	9 of us stayed at the Grand Union hotel on east 32nd st btw 6th and 7th ave....our only complain really was the hotel weighing scales in reception don't work so beware all u shoppers.the staff were really accomodating and did their best to assist in all matters from booking taxi's and arranging an extra night stay.situated near the empire state and macy's, top tip if you get an even numbered room ask if u can change to an odd numbered and the even numbers are on the front and the street can be a bit noisy in the early hours, apart from that no problems at all.the hotel offer a free safe box in reception and will book taxis limo's or suv's if like us you had too many cases for a regular taxi to take you the airport	
Sep 28 2008 	Good experience overall	This was my 2nd time in NYC and the previous hotel I stayed at was booked up. Like you probably realise, I was very aware of how hard it is to find a decent priced hotel in Manhattan which is clean &amp; safe.We booked a 3 bed room as this was the only room available for our stay in September. The price was very reasonable and the room was more like a suite for 2 people - for a family however, it may be a bit little crowded. You decide - I have attached a pic of it.Anyway...Check in was fast and efficient. We paid with a credit card and got our key card straight away.House keeping service is good - they are normally done with the room by 2pm ish (who stays in their room in NYC anyway??) and fresh towels are provided every day. Beds are made too obviously. One thing I do like is how they vacuum the carpets of the rooms each and every day. We were on the 5th floor at the back of the hotel. The view was non existant, but who really cares in NYC? You use the room to sleep in, period. The hotel is fully AC'ed and I think this is a disadvantage if you are a light sleeper. I consider myself a pretty heavy sleeper (I can sleep through storms and not know anything happened) but the AC units are pretty noisy (we turned ours off at night) - and when it rains (if it rains) - you'll hear the rain pounding on top of them. Don't let this put you off the hotel though, just request a room towards the front of the hotel on a high level floor or sleep it out like we tried to. There is a fridge in the room - very handy for buying drinks and taking them back. By the way, a tip for you, don't buy the small bottles in the shops, buy the 1-2litres as they're the same price and you get more value for your money.For those who say the fridge is noisy... then turn it off at night like we did! It isn't rocket science people.The lift in the hotel is a little bit slow but just have patience. No need to mark down the hotel cos of it. We were never waiting more than 2 minutes at any one time. The location of this hotel is no other than GREAT! You walk a block and you're at the empire state building, absolutely brilliant. Macy's is within 3 blocks and there is a subway on 33rd street on the excellent 6 (green) line. There are plenty of breakfast places nearby, we found a nice one on Madison Ave which did cereal and toast and all the other usuals. The hotel offers plenty of safety deposit boxes to stash excess money and your passports away at no extra charge. 24/7 access too. There is no 'official' free wifi at this hotel, but if you are lucky like me, you'll find an open network called 'Pennstate'. I leeched off this for my entire 9 day stay and never had any problems. Beats paying, right? :) By the way, this was on the 5th floor, so you may be problems if you're on any other floors. The hotel offer a taxi service to the 3 airports which we took up as we were going to Newark at 5am and wanted some guarentee. The fare was $68 , plus $8 toll, which, when we went throught the toll was actually $1. Just a note. But the driver got us there in plenty of time and was actually sociable, so can't complain too much. :)All in all, we had a good experience at this hotel and I'd say we were pretty lucky to find it considering some reviews of other hotels. :) I'd defo stay here again. If you have any questions then please let me know, I'll be happy to respond to you.	
Sep 25 2008 	Ideal Location in Midtown	Came here on honeymoon and as such asked before hand if they had a room with a view of the empire state building which was duly acknowleged and supplied at no extra cost, 9023 I think. (see photo). The room was small (standard for NYC) but offered what was expected for the price, a clean room with double bed, tv, fridge and most importantly air conditioning. There was someone on reception 24 hours which made me feel far more secure and the location to the empire state building, and local transport was amazing and as such the value for money was great. People have recommended the restaurant next door for food however we did not eat there on our stay as we were always rushing about. If you are on the move then try Papaya Dog which is a block up and along which will do you a double egg in a roll for $1. Overall would return to the Grand Union without searching competitors because of the price and location.	
Sep 22 2008 	Brilliant - Hotel Grand Union NYC	Having previuosly stayed in New York i was not expecting much as standard in New York for hotels seem to be far less than if you stayed anywhere else in the US. But i was pleasantly suprised.The hotel was great, great location, staff friendly and room cleaned daily.The room was basic but clean. We stayed on the 9th floor with no view but then not many rooms in New York has a view. Air conditioning in the room which was great as the temperature was 83 degrees!Would definitely recomend this hotel and would definitely stay here again on another visit.Cafe that seemed to adjoin the hotel was great not expensive at all and friendly staff. We used this restaurant / cafe for Breakfast on Saturday and Sunday morning.Monday morning there was a great place to eat opposite. Absolutuely huge with a great selection. Sushi made to order, bacon &amp; eggs and the price was ridculoulsy cheap.So all in all great hotel with great surrounding facilities.	
Aug 21 2008 	Location at a good price	We have spent 5 days at Grand Union Hotel after searching a lot., taking into account how expensive is New York City. We have exactly got what we were looking for.Pros: a) Location: Close to the Empire State and 5th. Avenue. Subway Station entrance down the block. This is a must in this crazy city, b) Price: Getting a clean room with your own bathroom, for around USD 220, is a great deal, c) Captain's cafe and Silo's: you have two good options for breakfast. I recommend the first one: more expensive but with the daily acid comments of Toni &quot;Turkish&quot; and d) kind and friendly concierge &amp; front deskCons: a) Small room &amp; bathroom for 2 adults and 2 kids, b) Dark atmosphere and c) as many others reviews, the slow elevator.	
Aug 13 2008 	Tiny rooms but very clean	Small room with mini-fridge, cable tv and ac. Comfortable bed and bathroom was very clean. No closet, but had wall shelf with some hangers. As other reviews have indicated, the location is excellent, with a subway entrance down the block and easy walking distance to Macy's and tons of shopping. Also, plenty of coffee shops and restaurants within two blocks, including a full block of great Korean restaurants. All in all, a good place to crash after a long, humid August day walking the city.	
Aug 4 2008 	Good location	Very basic hotel and rooms but a fantastic location.If you plan to spend much time in your room dont stay here but you shouldnt stay in your room in NY.Good value for the location.	
Jul 31 2008 	Lucky to find this hotel	I spent weeks and weeks researching a good hotel in New York, as it is so expensive compared to the other cities. I eventually decided on Hotel Grand Union, and was soooo pleased with my choice.The staff were very friendly and helpful. There is a luggage lock up where you can leave your luggage until you need it (a huge plus if your plane is in the evening), and they even let us leave our luggage there for the weekend, when we flew to Washington (we were returning to stay at the hotel though).Our first room was great. The view looked out onto the street (which got a bit noisy when the rubbish collection was being done ... but hey ... one can expect that in a big city). The room was clean and quite airy.The second room we were given for one night after our return from Washington though was not a patch on our first one. It smelled of smoke (I believe they don't have designated smoking rooms, which is a real negative), but seeing it was only for one night, we just accepted it.The location of this hotel is just great. All walking distance, or else the subway is just at the end of the block.Great deli two blocks away where I had delicious egg and bacon rolls every morning! Stays open late as well, so you can stop off after a late night out.All in all ... we were really lucky to find this great little hotel, and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 21 2008 	Good Choice	This hotel is very well located. Just a few steps from Park Avenue &amp; handy for the Empire State Building &amp; Grand Central Station.All members of staff on reception were pleasant &amp; helpful. The airline lost my luggage en route to New York &amp; hotel staff did what they could to take messages, etc.The room was not huge but more than adequate. It had a comfy bed, fridge, clock/radio, hairdryer &amp; TV. The bathroom had both bath &amp; shower. Both rooms were beautifully clean. There was some street noise, but considering how central the hotel, it was not too bad.The room overlooked a sort of well down the centre of the hotel so there was no view or natural light. Also, I would have liked coffee making facilities to have been provided.I did not use the &quot;Captains Table&quot; as there was such a huge choice of delis &amp; cafes in the area.All in all good value &amp; a good location	
Jul 13 2008	Great hotel low cost	We stayed at the Hotel Grand Union in april and did a research on tripadvisor before booking. We arrived around 10 pm and was a group of 10 people. Only one person worked at the reception so it took us about one hour to get our rooms.We got a double bed on the fifth floor. The room was large and clean. We had noise from the street but had no problem with it. In the area you had a lot of restaurants to get breakfast in the morning. Only 5 minutes walk to Empire State Building.For the amount of money its a great hotel and i would stay here again if when i come back to NYC.	
Jul 8 2008 	You get what you pay for . . .	The Grand Union is a budget hotel very well situated, so you have to expect compromises. On the plus side the staff were friendly and efficient on check in and the the hotel and room were always very clean with fresh towells every day. On the downside the hallway and our room smelt badly of smoke to the point of making our clothes smell. The room was a good size for the money, however the window looked out onto 3 walls and as we were quite low down on the 4th floor the room had no natural sunlight and it was impossible to tell what the weather was like from our room. Unfortunately the staff were unable to move us to a different room so I can only comment on the experience we had in this room. I appreciate it is a budget hotel, however I have stayed in other similarly priced (and cheaper) hotels in New York and all beat this one!	
Jul 5 2008 	Hidden Gem in New York	After searching for a reasonably priced central hotel in New York, we decided to take a chance on the Grand Union. To say that the hotel undersells itself is an understatement. If you're going to New York and want a standard hotel, well priced with private bathroom then this is the place to go. I suggested to the very friendly owner that they should change their pictures on the website to make it more appealing but she tols me that they were full nearly every night!! The room was clean, well serviced and the staff could not have been more helpful. It is literally 3 minutes walk to the Empire State Building and 30 seconds from the nearest subway. Ideal location, very good price and ideal for young travellers and old alike! Thank you Grand Union	
Jun 24 2008 	Gem of a hotel	It wqs very hard to find a well placed reasonably priced hotel in New York. This hotel is between Madisson Avenue and Park Avenue 2 blocks down from the Empire State Building. The rooms are not large but perfectly adequate, comfortable and with a fridge which was very useful as our daughter has a food allergy so we were able to buy food and store it safely. The rooms were kept very clean and the staff very polite, helpful and welcoming. Between booking and arriving my mum broke her shoulder and when we arrived they kindly found us a more suitable room. We met the owner in the lift and chatted to him not realising he was the owner until the end of the conversation. He told us about the continuing refurbishment but this did not effect our stay in any way. I would ask for a rear room which we found very peaceful and you would not believe you were so near such busy roads.	
Jun 21 2008 	Fine for NY	Given NY is such an expensive city when it comes to accomodation, this hotel is a good choice. Yes, it's very small and the room and bathroom need a renovation, h/w, it's excellently located and it's not dirty. We were on Level 9 and could hear a lot of street noise, but it's NY and after a lond day of sightseeing, you'll sleep through it. I'd recommend it to friends.	
Jun 15 2008 	enjoyable stay.	you get a clean hotel room with a nice, bright bathroom and friendly staff in a good location for a very reasonable price.why i liked it:1. location: right by korea town and walking distance to macy's/penn station and empire state building, and about a block away from the 33rd subway (6 train) - you are pretty much easily connected to any location in manhattan! 2. clean hotel room: the bathroom is bright and clean, and they provided fresh towels every day. the bed was clean and comfortable.3. staff: friendly and helpful! 4. our flight out of NYC wasn't till the night of the day we checked out, and they have a large, brightly lit store room for you to keep your luggage until you are ready to leave. a small point, but an important one!the bad...1. there is no view. all we got to see was the building next door, but really, we were only in the hotel when it was time to sleep, you have plenty of time to soak up new york sights during the day time!2. there is only one, very slow moving, lift/elevator. really not adequate for a building with 10 floors. this they should sort out.3. they kept trying to push the car airport service which was frankly quite expensive, at about $55 + $5 toll for JFK and $60 + $8 toll for newark. hmm. after much prying they told us about a chartered bus service for $20 per person, and then they took a &quot;deposit&quot; which i took to be their &quot;commission.&quot; hmm.but really, i would definitely stay here again and would recommend it wholeheartedly for anyone looking for a reasonably priced, clean and comfortable hotel in a good location.	
Jun 2 2008 	good for the money and great location	Myself and Mrs Phatbeat have just returned from a 4 night stay at the hotel grand union. 1st the Pros:Great Location, a couple of block from macys and esb and with a subway on the same blockCheap as chips accomodation Good diner attached to the hotel, captains cafe which we got two great plates of pancakes and bacon and a coffee each for less than $20.Clean Room.The ConsThe worlds noisiest fridge in the room, which sounded like a jet taking off, however this is also a pro because its nice to have a fridge.No view in quite a few of the rooms, our room over looked an enclosed courtyard type area which meant very little natural light, however the upside of this was the room was'nt noisy, apart from the fridge.No tea and coffee making facilities in the room.One very small lift to serve the whole hotel, so there can be a wait if you cant run up the stairs, however because its a smallish hotel the lift isnt in constant use.The frontdesk chap trying to hard sell the car service to the aiport, whilst over inflating the price that a cab will charge, oddly enough we went for a cab and it was $20 dollars less than their service to Newark.The niggles are small ones and for the money and location you cant really ask for too much, ooh and yes we would stay again, hopefully next time with a view and a slightly less noisy fridge.the bear	
May 27 2008 	Cheap and Cheerful	Just spent 3 nights at the Grand Union and for the price, you can't really fault it. 33rd Street Subway station is a 2 minute walk and the location is a great base to explore the city. The rooms were clean tidy. However, the decor is dated (patterned carpet, flowery bedspread) but we had enough space and the bathroom was clean - if a little small. You must remember the price is great for such a location and if you planning to explore the city then you cant really go wrong with this place.	
May 23 2008 	Best Bargain Best Location	Looking for a great hotel under $200 that has a private bathroom and a good location? Sadly, there is only 1, but the Hotel Grand Union does it right. It's a budget hotel, but clean, friendly, and perfectly situatated in the heart of midtown.Pros - Bathroom was roomy, newly remodeled, and very clean. We had an issue with the toilet and they fixed it immediately. Staff was friendly, lobby was nice, and they offer computers in the lobby with internet for a nominal fee. Although no on-site restaurants, its' 5 feet from the Captain's Cafe and 20 feet from Sosi cafe/deli (awesome breakfast and lunch).Cons - Bed was full-size (not queen), and it was hard as a rock. The window a/c unit wasn't good at cooling, but we were fine because the outdoor temperature was nice. There is no concierge, but that was not a negative for us.If you want a 5* luxury hotel, be willing to fork out $450/night for it. If you want a nice, clean hotel that meets your needs for housing, pick the Hotel Grand Union. We would definitely stay there again.	
May 13 2008 	Budget Hotel @ it's Best	Stayed at this hotel for 5 nights!!! We knew it was a budget hotel so weren't expecting anything 5 star. However the hotel is actually pretty awesome! Really clean and the staff are very friendly!! We booked a twin room and it was a decent size with a nice bathroom and brilliant shower. The room was very clean and have everything you needed from a hotel room. Oh no Kettle in the room though or bible, i'm not bothered about the bible, ha ha! The hotel is a block and a half away from the Empire State building and about a 2 minute walk to 5th avenue and grand central! It's located in Mid-Town so everything is actually in walking distance!! Oh you have to check out Captains Cafe'. It's the diner located right next door, very good and awesome on price!!!	
May 12 2008 	Good Basic Hotel	After reading many many reviews of this hotel, we decided this would fit our needs...and that it did! It was within our budget (under $200) and in midtown which was a good base for everything we wanted to see in the city.The easiest way to sum it up is:PROS:Right down the street from the #6 line subway (which goes to Grand Central, which allows you to connect to various other lines)Cafe next door allows for easy start for breakfastRoom gets very dark if you are in the back, we faced a brick wall so not a whole lot of sunlight came in (this is both a pro and a con), great for sleeping and no noise at all!Shower had good water pressure, had hairdryer alsoMini fridge in room was great for storing water/sodaA couple blocks down there was a CVS and Walgreens which was good for getting snacks/drinks for the roomCONS:Poor lighting, much like an office, we almost always used the lampsNo view at all, we faced the back brick wall... but no one goes to nyc to look at it through a window!Only one elevator, which made it slowLarge pipe in bathroom, although it was covered, I still found it a bit oddSo yeah, all in all, it was a good basic hotel. I'm not sure if I would stay here again, but for what we paid it was good the first time through. The area surrounding is alright, down the street is the &quot;Korean Way&quot; which is filled with Korean shops, restaurants and... Pinkberry! They have great frozen yogurt and cereal toppings!If you want to do NYC cheap, but not stay at a dump then this is a good place to start.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great Bargain at a very central location	Spent a long weekend here in a triple room with my boyfriend, his sister and their mutual friend. Finding affordable triples in NYC is no mean feat. We were glad we landed this place.The front desk staff was fabulously friendly, even helped us play practical jokes on one another.The decor was gloriously cheesy in an over the top &quot;Big Lots&quot; special sort of way, but well-maintained and the room was very clean and HUGE by NYC budget hotel standards.The bathroom was gigantic (could have slept 3 more people), very clean, if a little short on towels and towel hooks, so the place looked like a bit of a laundry when all four of us were done showering. However, the water pressure was great, and the room/towels clean and fresh.No view, other than the fire escape and air conditioner, but there was a large safe and a small fridge for those so concerned.Huge television, but the most amusing entertainment came from the couple staying next door. Although we had the constant humming of the air system to cover the sounds of traffic, the walls are rather thin, and the headboards line up on the connecting walls. Must have been their honeymoon next door. Amazing...	
Apr 27 2008	Basic- but what a great find!	Stayed here for 2 weeks in March 08 and so feel I can report fairly accurately on the facts! Brilliant location near the Metro line 6, right around the corner from the Empire State and Macy's and opposite a nice bar. The room was small (no smaller than the average Manhattan hotel) and the decor dated, but it was spotlessly cleaned every day with white fresh towels supplied. The shower was hot, pressure high, there was a 900 channel TV and a small fridge in the room great for storing beer and snacks from the local deli. The Turkish staff are refreshingly unobtrusive and helpful when needed, booking a taxi was no trouble. The Captain's Cafe next door does a good breakfast, my fave was Pershing Square. To conclude, if you are a person with very high standards and like lots of on site facilities, plush, spacious surroundings and attentive staff with a strong service ethic, then this is absolutely NOT the place for you. If you want a basic room at a great price and amazing location, then go ahead and book this and save your money for shopping! High Five!	
Apr 17 2008 	Fantastic value for money	Great location, Clean rooms, lovely staff, Fantastic food by friendly owner and workers in Captains cafe next door will return again.	
Apr 15 2008 	Does what it says on the tin	7 nights in a Quad room over Easter holidays with 2 boys, 14 and 12. Helpful but unobtrusive staff. Clean quiet comfortable room. Plenty of hot water. Clean towels every day. Excellent house keeping. We were sometime embarrassed at the state we left it in but always came back to a tidy room. TV a bit tired and grainy but there was nothing to watch anyway.Great value at $1900. all in. I would gladly stay again.	
Apr 11 2008	Great location but noisy	The location of this hotel is fab. Only a couple of blocks from the Empire State Building, really handy for the subway when heading downtown.The rooms are small (and not all have a bath), but perfectly clean. Our room was exceptionally noisy (it really could do with double / triple glazing). You need to be aware of static. Everytime you get off the bed, wipe your hands - don't touch any light switches!The staff aren't that helpful, but friendly enough.For the amount of time we spent in the room, this was certainly acceptable.	
Mar 18 2008 	Would Definitely Stay There Again	This is a great hotel for the price - centrally located, clean and comfortable, quiet enough - we were on the 7th floor - and convenient to everything. Also, it's right across the street from a fabulous new resaurant called Artisanal. All told, a great deal.	
Mar 10 2008 	Loved the Grand Union	We stayed in the Hotel Grand Union for 4 days in March. The hotel was very clean, we had a nice size room that was cleaned everyday with clean towels &amp; the hotel is in an excellent location. We walked everywhere!!The Captain Cafe downstairs is the best for breakfast, its cheap, the staff are very friendly &amp; it does the best pancakes.	
Mar 2 2008 	Better than what we expected	When we arried at this hotel, we did not expect much. Rooms are small, but for that price you cannot get a room with bathroom anywhere in New York!!!! The bed is comfortable, the heating system works perfectly. It is five blocks from Penn Station and Macy's and two from the Empire State.	
Mar 1 2008 	A great experience	We where scared about this hotel in Manhattan, because the price is much lower than all the others hotels that we where looking at, but when we got there we where greatly surprised. The room was clean, warm (really important in NY), and well equiped, the cleaning service was great too, and the people at the reception where really helpful. I read rewiews about the water saying that it doesn´t work well, but that´s crap, it works perfectly. The only thing that I didn´t liked is that on thursday morning like at 6:30 am really noisy workers started yelling and I couldn´t sleep, but I went to the reception, and the offered me a new room, but we decided to stay in the same room and wait to see what happen in the next morning, but we never had that problem again. I have decided to come to this hotel everytime that I go to Manhattan, it´s economic, it´s clean, with a great service, and the most important thing: It´s in the middle of everything and two steps away from 5th Ave and the Empire State Building	
Feb 25 2008 	Great value great location	NYC is great but also very expensive. The moment I started looking for a hotel in Manhattan I was shocked: so expensive and such bad reviews!Hotel Grand Union is still quite expensive to our standards, but it was everything I wanted: cleanthe badroom was goodgreat locationonly a minute walk to a subway-stationGreat deli just across the street (Silo if I recall well)	
Feb 15 2008	Loved the location!	My husband and I travelled to New York on Sat 09.02.08 for a three night stay at the Grand Union. The hotel was clean and good value for money and in a fantastic location - just around the corner from the Empire State Building, which if you're lucky, you're able to see from the bedroom window (we were on the fourth floor and we able to see it!) Even though you pay room only basis, the 'Captain cafe' next door serves great breakfasts.The hotel is situated in a fantastic location in midtown Manhatten with many of the attractions within walking distance. However, please bear in mind if taking travellers cheques, as the hotel doesn't have the facility to change them and not many of the shops will do either unless the purchase is more than half of the cheque value. Just something to keep in mind as even though there are many international banks in Manhatten, there are few bureau de change facilities!All in all, we were very pleased with the hotel and the fantastic location!	
Feb 12 2008 	Great stay - resonable fee	I stayed at Grand Union with my son in April 2007. Considering the location we thought the overall experience was absolutely great. Rooms are small, but very tidy, and bathroom worked fine. The view wasn't very good, but I hear some rooms actually have a view looking over - or rather at - the Empire State Building.The staff is very nice and service minded, and the area itself is great - just a couple of blocks from the Empire State Building, MSG and Macy's. I would recommend this hotel to anyone with a tight budget - but also to those who like to spend their vacation money on something other than accomodation!	
Jan 19 2008 	Good hotel for the price	We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Grand Union and found it to be a small, clean and incredibly well positioned hotel for midtown Manhattan. The staff were OK and the small cafe next door was great for breakfast. The only down side we encountered was the noise from the building works next door, which started up at about 0700 with drilling etc. I would recommend asking for a room at the rear of the hotel and forefit the view of the empire state building from the window. Overall though I would recommend this hotel for a short break in new York.	
Jan 19 2008 	Perfect	I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was small, but nice and clean. The room had a fridge, t.v and hairdryer. The room was cleaned everyday. The hotel is in a great location and only one block from the empire state building. I would certainly stay there again.	
Jan 9 2008	The Worst Hotel Experience Ever	My brother in law made a reservation for us through Expedia, but before proceeding he called the hotel and made sure that if we booked a double room with a private bathroom but requested two single beds we would get it. He was told that would not be an issue so he went ahead and booked one night through Expedia. When we checked in we got one room with a double bed; we told them we had requested two single beds, but they said they did not have any rooms available but they could upgrade us to a quadruple (one room with a bathroom with a connecting room with a double bed and no bathroom) but they demanded 50% more. They said the request was just that and they were not bound to do anything. Furthermore, the administrator said he did know how to treat Expedia bookings, which means they don't give a damn what clients are offered. Since we had already paid for the stay and it was close to Xmas we did have no option and ended up paying just under what we would have paid in a better hotel. The hotel staff was just brutal to us. They lied, treated us badly and when we voiced our discontent with such a rip off they threatened to call the police if we kept complaining. Every time I told the reception clerk the things he had said he turned my words around and accused me of being a liar and demanding a free room. I have travelled a fair bit and I have never seen something like that. It was just outrageous. The experience made our trip to New York so unpleasant that we don't want to go back to New York ever again. The worst hotel ever.	
Jan 1 2008	great hotel great location	heard so many horror stories regarding this hotel. But when we arrived checkin staff were friendly and helpful and the rooms were fine. We had already stayed in two other hotels previously but this hotel bet all. The location was excellant we were a few minutes from the empire state building, macy's and 1 block away from 5th avenue. I felt safe in the area we stayed in. I would definetly recommend going to Speedys this is a deli just a few minutes walk if that. The food is excellant. We ate there every morning. i would also recommend using the shuttle bus to and from the airport this certainly halved the expense than using taxis. I will definetly book this hotel again. Hoping to go back this year. 2 travellers from Ayrshire in Scotland, United Kingdom	
Dec 29 2007 	Clay family UK	We stayed in the hotel with our two daughters. The rooms were clean, bathroom was kept clean and there were always fresh towels everyday. I would certainly recommend this hotel to others.The location of the hotel was absolutely perfect for sightseeing, shopping etc., and the subway was just outside the hotel.All in all, for the price we paid I thought it was well worth it.The coffee shop situated in the hotel vicinity offered a wide variety of food and the service was superb.	
Dec 28 2007 	good value	The hotel was what we expected perfect for young couples and travellers as it is in the centre of New York and cheap. Having been to New York in March with Virgin and paying double for a place f the same standard this place is a good deal. Rooms are basic but you dont go to New York to sit in your room. Staff were fine and helpful. Our toilet did flood one evening but the staff came to sort it out quickly. I would stay here again if the price was still right !!	
Dec 26 2007	Just perfect!	I spent a few weeks searching for hotels in NYC that were inexpensive, accessable, and with acceptable living standards. I did't think I would be lucky, especially since my research delayed my booking by two weeks and once I started making phone calls everything was booked up! I was so mad at myself for waiting. Anyway, I finally find the Hotel Grand Union and give them a call. They had exactly what I needed, which was a basic room with a private bathroom (note to 1st time New Yorkers: private bathrooms are not always included, so be sure to request this when booking), and simple sleeping arangements for my sister and myself. It is only rated a 2star I think, but we were willing to spend the extra money to upgrade from a 1star. After reading all the reviews I was too worried about rats/mice/smells/etc., in the 1star hotels. We arrive and it is in a PERFECT location, 32 and park, which happens to be one block from the subway stop we took from JFK, a few blocks away from the Empire State Bldg, and Macys. The one subway stop we had great access to took us all the way up to Central Park and all the way down to groud zero. The place doesn't smell, the employees were very friendly, and we got to check in three hours early. The room was small, but that didn't matter to us. It had one twin bed and one double bed. The room didn't smell, had clean sheets, was free of rodents and insects, and had a surprisingly clean, nice, bright, but small bathroom (see pics). It was perfect for us. We were only in the room to sleep and change cloths, so it was just what we needed. They let us keep our luggage there for 6 hours after checkout so we could spend more time in NYC. Maybe people know this, but I had never used this service. It was free and we locked our bags in a room with a video camera. People do have access to the room, but only if they also have bags in it. There were only two other bags when we went in. I think it was $235 with tax per night, in a great location, and was clean and nice. I will probably book all my stays in NYC there. This is why I gave it 5stars.	
Dec 25 2007	Small clean and perfect for a budget	This is a small hotel located on 32nd Street one block away from the Empire State Building. It is a straight walk from Penn Station (10mins) if you fly into Newark and get the NJ Transit. The hotel is very clean and the room I was in was fairly big (New York standards), The staff at reception are pleasant and we had no problems checking in or asking them for anything. There is a subway on Lexington Avenue (20 yards to the right) where trains 4, 5 and 6 run. This is the green line and they run down towards the Staten Island Ferry and up by Bloomingdales. The price paid for this hotel was extremely reasonable, especially for what you get. The cost is approximately £80 per night per room. This is really cheap for New York especially with an inside bathroom, which was one of the nicest I have seen. Marble and very clean. Shower worked great too and the towels were thick and big and changed daily. There is a small diner attached to the hotel which serves great breakfasts. It is run by a guy called Tony who looks quite dour but is in fact a nice guy, quite funny. This is my fourth time in New York and I would say this is the nicest hotel I have stayed in. The only down point is that it is a bit away from the &quot;action&quot;. Most of the other hotels I stayed in were in the Times Square area. However, don't let that put you off. If it is a budget hotel you are looking for and one which is clean then this is a good place to start looking.A couple of points of interest. In New York definitely go on the bus tour of the city. You get to see it all and the information you get can be invaluable. It is also quite a history lesson. If you like jazz go to Dizzy's Coca Cola club located in the Lincoln Centre but reserve your table here before you go.(You can do that on the interrnet direct). The quality of jazz is good and the view is excellent. You can get food and cocktails - excellent. There is a cover charge of $30 but definitely well worth it.	
Dec 13 2007 	Liked it alot	Recently stayed here for 4 nights. Really great location and above average standard of accomadation,especially for the price!Would stay here again no problem and recommend it friends without hesitation!	
Dec 5 2007 	better than expected	was pleasantly surprised at the grand union hotel. after reading other reviews i was a bit apprehensive but the staff were helpful, the room was a good size and the bathroom was clean however small (just a shower no bath). we even had a view of the empire state building from our room. it was a great location.	
Dec 4 2007 	The Grand UnionHotel NY great value for money	Booked for a week from 20th November 2007 after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. Excellent budget hotel in central location.Clean room,comfortable bed, good bathroom &amp; shower facilites. Room cleaned every day &amp; towels changed. Fridge &amp; TV in room, and safety deposit boxes at reception.No extra facilities at hotel, but we weren't looking to spend time there, just wanted a base for sightseeing.Small diner attached to the hotel, but lots of good places to eat &amp; drink nearby.Subway at the end of the block, and multi trip passes for either daily or weekly are a good way to get around. Also bought tickets for bus sightseeing trips - hop on hop off &amp; last for 48 hours. Hotel highly recommended &amp; would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 3 2007 	grand union just grand !	small, but clean and central. It is based on east 32nd street of park ave. Has only about 100 rooms or so. we stayed in a double room for 5 nights after tanksgiving and found it well located and well looked after. No bar or restaraunt, but well maintained... unlike some of its more expensive neighbours.Would go there again !	
Dec 2 2007 	Simple nice and clean Hotel!!Great price!!!	It´s a simple hotel, but very nice. The entrance hall is nice and beautiful. The room and the bed is quite small but cozy. The bathroom is clean. Unfortunatly, there was a construction right in front of our window wich made our room kind of noisy in the morning, but that's New York...The localization is good, a few blocks from Empire State Building and Manhatan Mall. There is a metro station right on the corner.We enjoyed our stay and we will come back in the future.	
Nov 18 2007 	a couple of blocks from the empire state building	**Proximity**The closest things to the Hotel are the Empire State Building on fifth avenue, the 34th street shopping area and Grand Central Station on 42nd street. The nearest subway station is 32nd street but Grand central station is ten blocks away. Penn Station is about two or three blocks west of the hotel.**Room size, bed, condition**The room was sizeable, especially as I’d read reviews about the tiny rooms in NYC.**First impressions...**... were good: a Queen bed with a wooden head-board. A chair and table, a chest of drawers and an armoire that housed a 28” television. All of this was in Dark wood. The décor was old fashioned.One good thing about a hotel of this price is the fact that it has a private bathroom. And not just any old bathroom but a marble one! Marble floors, marble rooms. All in white and immaculate with towels and soap.The even better feature is the fridge – yes a fridge in a 2* hotel! small table-top jobbie to make your budget trip even more frugal.The room also came with air-condition but the regulation range is quite small- basically you get ‘cool’ or ‘a little bit cooler’. Or ‘warm’ or ‘a bit warmer’. The 28” television came with 30 channels.the first night I couldn’t sleep because of all the traffic outside my room.. However, next morning the reception staff gladly let me change room; In fact he gave me three keys to rooms that were away from the street and let me take my pick.There was internet access in the small lounge next to the lobby,There is no restaurant but there is a coffee shop linked to the hotel – I never went there so I can’t comment on it. However, in midtown Manhattan you are never short of places to eat. There is a small supermarket on 34th street so you can stock up your fridge.All in all, I was impressed by the hotel and the facilities. For my first time in the city the location was spot on. I would recommend it to anyone else though not someone with small children because of the lack of room service and room space.	
Nov 17 2007 	Typical NYC small dark hotel room	As with most NYC hotels it seems, small dark room, no tea&amp;coffee facilities but a bizarrely large fridge! Great location though!	
Nov 13 2007	OK Union Hotel	This hotel is your basic tourist class hotel and you get what you pay for. There is no doorperson, bell persons, or concierge to assist.The location is fairly good. It is about a 15 minute walk from Penn Station 7th Avenue &amp; West 32nd St) and the #6 subway is right at the corner of Park Avenue. Please remember this hotel is south of Grand Central Terminal (42nd Street &amp; Park Avenue) which is 10 block away.Across the street is the amazing restaurant, Artisianal which has very good food and the restaurant is extremely popular in the City. Just one block up Park Avenue (39th Street) is Wolfgang's, a great steak restaurant. Both these restaurant are not inexpensive, however.If you are a business traveler like me, you will be very disappointed. The desk is very small, has no light and no electrical source to plug in a computer. There is no wifi or hardwire internet connection available in the rooms; but, you can purchase a wifi $5 pass for use up to three hours from the time it was first activated, if you sit in the small hotel lobby. You, also, have an option to use one of the PC's in the lobby. this is not exactly conducive for conducting business.Getting into your room took many attempts using the electronic door key card before it would allow the guest room door to open. The TV remote control never worked during my three night stay even after asking new batteries be installed.I saw a couple of life/safety issues - my guest room did not have a sprinkler head that I could see. Nor was there a safety chain on the room door as a secondary line of defense against an intruder. These are two basic standards I am concerned with. The corridor did have sprinklers and there was a fire detection system in place.This is obviously an older hotel that has had a cosmetic touch up during a time when hotels in NYC are getting away with highway robbery. If you are familiar with Motel 6, this is a slight step above a basic hotel. At least this hotel provides shampoo. The strongest point to this hotel was my room had very good housekeeping.My room had a suspended acoustical tiled ceiling with and overhead commercial fluorescent light; but, the room did have two table lamps for more esthetic lighting. There is no thermostat to control the temperature within this room and with steam heat on; the room became very warm which meant running the window air conditioner.There was one chair in the room (at the small desk) and the only other place to sit was on the bed. The quality of the mattress is of fairly poor quality and did not appear to be a commercial hotel variety. My mattress should be replaced.There are no vending machines in this hotel of coffee maker in the room. There is a small little breakfast cafe accessible from the lobby' but, it is only open during the day.While hotel rates in NYC continue to be driven higher by the volume of international tourists bearing Euros and Sterling. Once the demand falls in NYC, all the hotel rates will fall and this hotel should run about $99-$125 when hotel rates return to normal, which is really what this hotel should be charging.	
Nov 2 2007 	Clean Well-Priced Well-Located Establishment	Travelling with a group of some thirty other students, this hotel was chosen on our behalf based on previous positive experiences staying here. Accommodation was in threes; two singles and a double (a family room). Having read reviews warning us of bed bugs and stains I went somewhat apprehensively, I need not have done so.Each room boasts air conditioning which seemed to be little more than a noisy fan in the window! A fridge is provided but no safe, I dared not venture into the former however a most appreciated feature was the ability to remove coat hangers –many hotels are now resorting to having fiddly secured coat hangers. The bathroom was pretty much standard with an un-secured hair dryer, once again another useful addition which tends to be being either phased out or placed on short secured leads. I am still unsure as to the internet situation however I believe it to be this: free wireless broadband throughout the hotel with paid broadband downstairs in their lobby. As for travel around the city, 33rd Street Subway and 34th Street Herald Square are one and four blocks away respectively, the latter being most useful.There are eight floors (US style!) with extremely narrow and rather steep staircases in between, so if you’re carrying luggage even to the second floor (US style!) then use the lift. I wouldn’t stay here for the view, ours was of the adjoining building’s fire escape and building works were occurring next door, these started about 6AM – despite the joy I felt that there are builders in this world that start early, it did seem a little early. Otherwise, it was extremely quiet with no sound from other rooms coming through.Staff could certainly have been more helpful, indeed when one of the key cards stopped working (a complaint that other Trip Advisor members mentioned) the person on reception was most rude when one of our school staff enquired about obtaining a replacement. I agree with the other reviewers, this hotel seems to be stuck somewhere in the past on the decor front but what I care most about is cleanliness, and this place was very clean.Essentially this was a clean and ideally located hotel (central Manhattan for under $200 per night is pretty good). An ideal evening within easy reach could for instance consist of eating at the excellent French restaurant opposite then going ice-skating at the Rockefeller Plaza then getting a rickshaw to the Empire State Building (and going up it) via Times Square; simple yet memorable.	
Oct 31 2007 	Nice Clean Hotel	We stayed at the Grand Union for 3 nights on our American/Honeymoon tour, A nice clean, well positioned hotel. Friendly staff and quite well priced for the location. Rooms cleaned and changed every day. Tvand fridge in the room, nice clean bathroom, What else could you need. A very pleasent stay Thank You	
Oct 27 2007	Good hotel - excellent position - great price	My girlfriend and I stayed here from 18th - 23rd October 2007. In general, I liked the hotel and I would recommend it to others. It's quite basic but for $190 per night in Manhattan on 32nd Street, it was excellent value. We stayed for five nights and were initially given a room on the second floor. However, there was scaffolding outside the one tiny window so we never got any light in the room. So, we asked to move and got given room 805, which was much better and had great views of the Empire State Building. I agree with most of the other reviews - the rooms look a bit tired, the shower temperature was a bit erratic but everything worked. The major bonus of the hotel is its position. There is a subway 20 yards from the front door and another three blocks away that can take you wherever you need. You can walk to the Empire State, Times Square, Macys etc in minutes. I found the staff were fine - not particularly friendly but not rude either.Overall, if you plan to spend most of your time out and about and only want your hotel as a reliable base and somewhere to sleep, this will be perfect. If you will only accept the finest in life, you need to treble your budget and other hotels will be able to cater for you.	
Oct 24 2007 	Hotel Grand Union experience	I stayed here for two nights, from September 18-20, 2007.Upon arrival, the front desk staff immediately found our reservation; however, they insisted that the room type booked (two double beds) was not available. The only option was to go for a room with three beds (two twin and one double), at a higher rate. When I asked if I could look at the room first, I was told that I would have to pre-pay one night first. After hearing this, I figured this place was a total scam. (Any respectable hotel will at least let you look at the room.) My first impressions of the room were that of tiredness. The carpet and furniture were stained, the beds worn out and the sheets threadbare. To the hotel's credit, the room was quiet, the bathroom was clean and there were no bed bugs. The shower did have some temperature problems; however, it was not unusable. The toilet's water pressure was unacceptable, though. The single elevator worked fine and there were never any elevator/hallway congestion problems. The cafe adjacent to the lobby served excellent, inexpensive breakfasts and was always busy. There is a great little pizzeria within walking distance (maybe two blocks), down Madison Ave. called Bella Napoli.On the last night I asked the front desk if they could reserve a shuttle van to LaGuardia Airport for the next morning. I was told that I needed to pay a five-dollar deposit for them to reserve a shuttle. This place will try to make an extra dollar any way they can. I ended up calling and reserving one myself. True, the staff are very brusque, but I found the best way to get what I wanted was to be just as abrupt back.If you are expecting a Holiday Inn-level of service, cleanliness, repair, quality, etc. it's not here. It's habitable; however I wouldn't stay here again or recommend it. I would rate it 1.5 stars – but was generous in giving it two stars.Here's a recap:Pros:- Cafe next door served great, inexpensive breakfasts- Location; you're close to everything - within walking distance of most landmarks/attractions- Quiet- Clean bathroom.Cons:- Old, worn out rooms, beds in need of replacing and sheets that should have been discarded several years ago.- Hotel will try to make extra money any way possible, including charging to book a shuttle to the airport, claiming the room type reserved is not available and only a more expensive one is- Toilet water pressure is abysmal- Brusque, inattentive, unpleasant staff (best dealt with by being equally abrupt)	
Oct 18 2007	Great little hotel	Stayed here for three nights in September and found it to be a real bargain and would definitely stay there again. The rooms are on the small side but plenty big enough for the two of us. The whole hotel was very clean and the staff friendly and helpful. The bathroom was all marble and had areal window to open.Very convenient location and very handy to have a small cafe right next door.	
Oct 15 2007 	Its a Mixed Bag!	We stayed at Grand Union Hotel 2 nights Oct 11 &amp; 12 for 165.00 a night booked on Travelocity.PROS:It is in a good location, just a few steps from the #6 Subway line that will get you all over Manhattan in a matter of minutes. Also only about 25.00 from LGA Airport by Taxi. It is right off Park Avenue South so you can walk to Grand Central Station pretty quickly as well. The Bakery next to the hotel was nice for getting a quick snack, very reasonable price.The price of this hotel for being 2 minutes from midtown (by subway) Manhattan is excellent. Housekeeping did a good job of cleaning the room, it was a tired room but seemed to be cleaned well.NEUTRAL FEELINGS:The room definitely reminds me of an old office. The bed was well used and the shower was very difficult to use. The knobs were loose and it was hard to get a constant water temperature. For the price, I thought the room was fine, but there is certainly some quirks to it that one must expect. The employees of the hotel certainly could use a little customer service training. There were several nice ones, but many times (especially late at night) was met with a blank stare from the moment we came in the door until the elevator arrived. Not a huge deal, but a simple hello would be nice.I don't really have any cons for this hotel, although depending on what one is looking for the &quot;neutral&quot; feelings could be negative ones.This is great for young travelers, or people who really need to stay sub 200.00 a night. If you're looking for more, you'll have to pay more but this hotel served my needs well. as with the rest of NYC the area is safe and well lit.	
Oct 12 2007	Mind the bed bugs	We stayed here at the end of September, the hotel is in a good location and seemingly clean although we both got a lot of bed bug bites!	
Oct 9 2007	Nice hotel great location friendly staff	On our last two trips to New York, we stayed at this hotel. We just spent 3 nights in a quad room. We paid 281. including taxes per night for a quad room and that's very reasonable in NY. We had a quiet room at the back of the hotel. The room was clean. Room looked just like the picture on the website,no suprises. You can't beat the price or location and the staff is friendly. We arrived early and was able to store our luggage until check in. Front desk was friendly and gave advice on sightseeing. We needed extra towels, I called the front desk and within 5 minutes a maid was at our door with extra towels. Room was cleaned every day. Nice little restaurant next door called Captain's Quarters. Good, reasonably price food and friendly staff. They gave us suggestions on sightseeing. I'm always amazed at how friendly New Yorkers are to tourists. When we got lost and was looking at the map, someone always approached us and asked if we needed help. Hotel is 5 minute walk to the Empire State Building, Macy's and 10 min. to Times Square. We had a pleasant experience at this hotel and would recommend it.	
Oct 8 2007 	Nice hotel great location	We had a lovely 2-night stay at the Hotel Grand Union.We arrived on Thursday Sept 20th in the morning. Although we did not expect our room to be ready, we thought we'd chance it. The girl at the front desk took time to check if our room was ready and when she confirmed that it wasn't ready yet, she suggested we return around noon and she offered to store our luggage in the locked luggage room. When we returned after lunch, she recognized us right away and sped us through registration.The room was very small, but clean and quiet. We had no view at all (back alley) but that was ok since we were only there to sleep. Bathroom was clean and water pressure and temperature were fine. There was a small fridge in the room which we used to keep our sodas and water cool. Bed was comfortable but hard. TV had all the usual stations.There are 3 computers in the lobby lounge for our use. If it's your first visit there, you get 5 minutes free (ask the clerk at the front desk).Great location, half a block away from the 33rd St Subway Station (# 6). 2 blocks away from the Empire State building and 5 minutes from Madison Square Gardens. Nice little diner next door - cheap breakfast.When we checked out, they let us store our luggage again in the luggage room all day (our bus was leaving at midnight). When we returned to collect our luggage, the staff was very cordial with us and let us rest in the lounge area until we were ready to leave.We would stay here again in a heart beat. Great value for NYC.	
Oct 7 2007	Loved the Hotel Grand Union	We stayed in this hotel for five nights from the 6th until the 11th of September. I had read good reviews about the hotel and the price was very reasonable - we paid 1,050 euro for 5 nights for four people .We stayed in a quad room, which had plenty of space for us all, a decent sized bathroom and there was a big fridge in the corner of the room. There is no restaurant in the hotel itself but there is a Cafe right beside it which serves great food at very reasonable prices. The location of the hotel is ideal - it was only two blocks from the Empire State Building and we walked to Times Square in under 15 minutes.The hotel was great and I would recommend it to anyone who is going to New York and who wants a great hotel at a very reasonable price. The staff were helpful and the hotel was extremely clean. I will definitely stay there again!!!!!!	
Oct 4 2007 	Great Location Average Hotel	We stayed at the Hotel Grand Union recently on a trip to NYC. Having spent the previous week in Orlando in a super hotel, we got a shock when we opened our room in this hotel. The advantages to staying at this hotel is the location and it is a clean hotel. The main disappointment here were the decor is old, the rooms are worn out and some of the staff on reception were barely lukewarm. I dont know how many times I passed the front desk was simply stared at or ignored instead of being greeted with a simple hello. We asked about leaving our bags in the hotel for a few hours between checking out and going to the airport and the man at the desk growled at us about there being a luggage room. My keycard to get into my room stopped working twice and the same guy on reception really didnt appreciate me asking for another one! If I had to stay here again I would. But I;d be expecting the below average customer service from some of the front desk staff. This hotel is a ten minute walk from Macys, Madison Square Gardens etc.	
Oct 2 2007 	Good enough	The Grand Union hotel is a good enough hotel in New York, when you're a tourist who spends most of their time out of the room. The price is very good for the location - 32nd and Madison. The spaces (elevator, hall, room, shower stall) are small but they serve their function well. The beds are fine and while there's no view, there was also no noise (a plus in NYC). The room actually looked like it may have been an office at one point, with acoustical tiles and a fluorescent light in the ceiling and office grade carpet on the floor. It's not a luxury place but I would stay there again if I wanted to be in Midtown Manhattan. Good value for the location.	
Sep 26 2007 	Location Location Location	We had a reasonably good experience at this hotel. The hotel is well positioned close to a subway station and within walking distance of many sights. Our room was always clean if a little on the dingy side (with a small bed). The cafe next door served lovely cooked breakfasts. If you're looking for a good location on a budget then the Grand Union is a reasonable option.	
Sep 8 2007 	Not to much	The elevator is a litlle scary, the aisle is pretty narrow (only one person at a time), the room with 3 beds was pretty clean. Noisy air conditioner, not view at all, no heater, beds were noisy and uncomfortable. I guess you get what you paid for. Great location.	
Sep 4 2007 	Good locationunkind staff	We stayed in Grand Union hotel for 7 nights in 1 double room.When we arrived to hotel after long flight from Europe we found unkind and indifferent staff on front desk (no &quot; hello guests&quot; or some other courteous word of welcome ) .By check-in I asked for room with some view ,but they said they are completly full and that the only available room they have is on 10th floor without knowing if it has some view or not. As I did room-reservation directly with hotel reservation department ( the staff on reservation department were very kind and I ,ve got from them immediately comfirmation with e-mail) ,on front desk requested immediately payment and after payment this is probably only communication between reception desk and guests.If you need any useful information about directions,how to get somewhere ,about subways or sightseeing don,t expect any help or suggestion from front desk staff. I tried to get some informations but they were not interested at all to help You will find there stand with brochures about shows ,sightseeing ecc. and everything is up to you..Most of people working on front desk are foreigners and they don,t know much about the city.Overall poor service and unkind faces.Our room on 10th floor looked very depressive,dark and small, with dirty carpet ,with very small double bed ,small window with no view at all-the only view we had was on the wall of next building which was under hard construction works and every morning starting at 6 a.m. we had to listen drilling and noise from workers.The bathroom was OK and clean ,air-condition worked well although was very noisy.We only used hotel to overnight so we can say that overall ,hotel is OK for a few nights stay ,it,s on safe and good location,just if the staff could be more polite so that you feel welcomed.Ma tip to travellers, if you can don,t travel to New York in first part of August, because it,s too crowded,millions of tourists have vacations at the same time ,long lines everywhere,very uncomfortable &amp;humid air, you will need a lot of energy and patience ... traffic crowds are enormous ...Much better if you come in fall when New York looks very romantic ,cooler and less crowded.	
Sep 3 2007 	Nice basic clean and friendly hotel Kalazan Chana Antwerp Belgium	I stayed here with my children and had a wunderful time. Staff is friendly and helpful. It is a basic clean hotel and very central located ; Small shower sometimes without warm water! Room was a little dark but who is coming to New York to stay in his room . Children didn't complain even the television worked ok.Comfortable beds .Would stay here again!	
Aug 27 2007 	great stay at the grand union	MY boyfriend and i planned a multi trip to nyc, niagara falls and d.c. so we were on a budget! The location was great! walking distance to subway, train station, empire state bulding, shops and restaurants! Our stay at the Grand Uinon Hotel was great. Clean and convenient...everything we were looking for! We arrived 6 hours before check in time and they held our luggage wish gave us an opportunity to eat breakfast. The reception allowed us to check in a couple of hours before. Room has a refrigerator, ac, own bath tv......HIGHLY RECOMMEND IF YOU ARE ON A BUDGET AND ARE LOOKING FOR SOMETHING NICE!....FYI.....if you are in nyc try the red double decker buses(hop on-hop off), see a broadway show, rent a car and drive to niagara falls....beautiful scenery!....enjoy your stay in nyc, we did!!	
Aug 26 2007 	Don't Stay Here	We arrived early morning from Las Vegas (very tired after loosing a nights sleep) and had requested an early check in. We got our room at 12.30 pm!!! We went straight to bed to catch up on a few hours sleep and were in bed 20 mins when one of the staff walked in to the room without knocking! The room was very outdated (being kind here) and the air conditioning unit was noisy. The room was very small, the carpet was dirty and there were no wardrobes or coffee making facilities. The bathroom left a lot to be desired. On the Monday morning at 7am we were woken by drills, hamers and other general buliding machinery going full swing in the BUILDING SITE next door. We asked to be moved and were told that the work next door stopped at 4pm. Who wants to sleep in NY at 4pm??? The other 2 rooms that we were shown were not quite as noisy but tye noise would still wake you up. We checked out and went to another hotel. DON'T STAY HERE!!!	
Aug 21 2007 	Good Location for sightseeing	My wife and I travelled to NYC from Toronto and flew back to Liverpool with Fly Globespan which was as good as any we have used - we travel extensively.I booked this via Venere.com,online because at the time they offered better rates than other hotel booking services. The hotel is situated on 32nd St.East between Madison and Park. This affords easy access to and from JFK.The room facilities were more than adequate ( TV, fridge, 4 piece bathroom and sufficient space for 5 days clothing.) The cafe next door serves a hearty breakfast for £3 ( at $2 to £1) with unlimited coffee. Plenty of fast food and Korean Restaurants are within minutes of the hotel.Once my wife and I , we are in our early 60's , fathomed the timing of the traffic lights we could walk to the Empire State Building in 6 minutes, Macey's in 15 and Times Square in 45 ( this was done late evening so there were no shopping attractions!!). The walk back via Bryce Gardens well worth it on Monday evening when open air films are shown - get a chair from the Library next door,most people had take away food, do the same and enjoy the party atmosphere. We would recommend taking a minimum of 2 day tour with one of the hop on hop off tour buses, we used the red one.To get maximum benefit study the map prior to boarding to ensure that you get off at points that interest you e.g. for cheap shopping downtown get off at Canal Street ( part of Chinatown). Check with the Guide at what time they expect the last one, 5pm is the last bus to leave Times Square downtown after that the night bus runs to and from Times Square with only one stop down and up at Empire State Building .There are plenty of ticket vendors milling around here from early morning. We combined our ticket with a 3 hours boat trip round Manhatten with the Circle Line. Tip - when you board walk across the boat to the opposite side , this is nearest land and gives more sightseeing.If you shop at Macey's take your passport to Customer Services, on the balcony above ground floor, for your 11% Tourist Discount Card valid until March 2008. They have a decent and reasonablepriced restaurant in the basement.We did not feel at all threatened due to high visibility of Community Service Officers in all tourist areas and NY Police - check out their 3 wheeler electric patrol cars.We did not have time to visit Uptown, Queens etc - will come back again and will stay at the Grand Union - remember that you get 20 minutes free interest access.We enjoyed ourselves and hope this will help to make your stay a happy and rewarding one.	
Aug 6 2007 	quite basic but worth the money would stay there again!	me and my boyfriend (both 21) have just stayed there for 7 nights. Ignore any really bad reviews, as it really is fine. The rooms are clean, the beds r slightly small and the bed frame is a bit squeaky which i found very annoying, but nothing too bad. The air con works really well and isnt noisy, The room we had was quite big and clean. The bathroom was really clean and had new towels+flannels every day. Temperature of the water did change a bit when your were showering, but again, nothing major. The staff were not overly friendly but were very helpful. We had a view of the empire state from our window which was nice. Not too much noise from the street, just sirens+horns but what can you expect in the middle of new york! Excellent location, clean, comfortable. Absolutely fine! We would stay there agin.Nothing special, but Well worth the price you pay!	
Aug 1 2007	Just OK but if you can stay elsewhere.....	Booked this for a girls weekend in NYC using venere.com because it was a good price - under $200 a night. I would not recommend the Grand Union. It was very basic with small rooms (as is the case with many NY hotels) and my friend and I found the traffic noise dreadful (didn't sleep the first night and bought ear plugs which helped the 2nd night.) After a sleepless night we tried to switch rooms to one off the street, but the staff member we spoke to was clearly unwilling to help us, even though the hotel was NOT booked out. We soon realised it was not worth the hassle of an argument, so we gave up and made the most of the NYC delights instead. The slack attitude of the staff member is one of my main reasons for writing this negative review.I will say the Grand Union location was convenient, and the rooms were reasonably clean (except a few obvious carpet stains)........but the rooms were old and needed renovation so they looked very tired. Personally, i don't think any of us (4) would book there again. Ironically, I just got the Sheraton Towers on Hotwire for the same price for another NYC visit later this month. My advice is shop around, and steer clear of the Grand Union if you can.	
Jul 23 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	After reading a large number of reviews on hotels in NYC, I deceided to stay at the Hotel Grand Union. When I arrived, I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel staff was friendly and very helpful. The room and the bathroom was very clean. The room was a little small but the location was unbelievable, especially for the price. The hotel was located a few blocks away from the Empire State Building and not far from Subway stops. Great shopping at Herald Square was also within walking distance. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that wants to stay in the heart of NYC and not pay a lot to do it.	
Jul 15 2007 	Would definitely stay here again !	You hear so many terrible stories about dive hotels in New York, so before booking the Grand Union we did a lot of online research and read a lot of reviews (about various hotels) We chose the Grand Union based on price, location and the positive feedback.And we weren't disappointed. The rooms are basic, but all the essentials are there and it is clean (always a good recommendation). The fridge in the room was handy as well!The decor wasn't to our taste, but who cares what it looks like, right? The bed was good, but small. The bathroom was clean and nice, good shower, bath.The location is really good, subway down the street and 2 blocks away another for other lines. Easy access to the whole city! If you're looking for a lot of bars and restaurants near your hotel, you might want to look in another neighbourhood, because there aren't so many here.	
Jun 23 2007 	Great Location Comfortable Rooms and Great Price	Arriving via cab from Newark, I was excited when I saw that the Empire State was a few blocks up and Madison Square Garden was a 5-10 minute walk down the road. The staff were friendly upon arrival, and provided us with maps of the city and brief directions.The hotel really is in a great location to explore the city. Empire State is 5 mins walk away, Madison Square Garden is about 10 minutes walk, and from the Garden you can get to Times Square in about 5 minutes as well! There is a wonderful, cheap little cafe right next door to the hotel as well as many food places scattered around the vacinity.If you are looking for NYC on a budget and want to maximise your time and see the sites, then I highly recommend this great little hotel.p.s. for you Shoppers, 5th Avenue is easily accessible by foot and don't forget to visit Woodbury Common!	
Jun 5 2007 	Great stay	First thank you to everyone else who posted reviews, that is why I selected this hotel. We stayed memorial day weekend and it was my mom and my cousin and mines first trip to NY. The location is great there are two #6 subway stops right on the same block as the hotel. It is between Madison and Park and is just a prime, prime location.The hotel was great the candid pics do justice to the hotel. The bathrooms are nice and had a hair dryer and the room was very cozy. The staff was very friendly and always there to answer a question or offer help. Special thanks to Marla who I booked with at the Hotel via email who was very helpful.If you stay here make sure you go to the little cafe right next door for breakfast it is great. Only advice keep your room key away from your cell phone battery, easily demagnetizes.Overall great experience, would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 2 2007 	Shower problems a bit noisy read before booking!	We did not expect much from this hotel because we read up on the reviews. We didn’t care for a fancy shmancy one. Everything was decent, the beds were a bit hard but it did not bother me much, it was acceptable. We were pretty pleased with the hotel for it’s price and also because we had low expectations of it before booking the hotel. We were there to experience the city and not to hang out in our hotel room other than to sleep there at night. What really got us to give this hotel a bad rating was the shower system. The water takes a while to heat up (not so bad), but the fact that it would go from warm to burning HOT, that was REALLY bad. It happened every ten seconds. Trust me, me and my boyfriend stayed there for 3 nights and fiddled with the hot and cold knobs so many times, yet there really isn’t a trick to it. It just sucks. When you turn it to the cooler temperature, it goes from nice and warm, to freezing ice-cold. It was horrible! Everything else was fine, decent at least. Bottom line, don’t expect much, and if you are planning to shower in your room, don’t stay at this hotel. If you don’t mind the shower system than stay here.	
May 14 2007 	Great Location - Price? What do you expect?	My wife and I spent 7 nights in this hotel in a double room on the top floor, not street-side. What a great location!Okay, the staff weren't great and the room was not romantic or special but everything else was just fine. The bed was comfortable, the sheets and towels were clean, the price was as stated, the TV worked, we had a fridge and a hairdryer in the room and the temperature was right (even though we had no control).Considering how great the location is, I say this is an excellent find. It is a little expensive but what do you expect in Manhattan?	
Apr 25 2007 	If you're looking for luxury or even a hairdryer....don't bother.....	I travelled as part of a large group and stayed in this hotel for a one week period. On first arriving we were made to wait on the rest of the group, although we all had separate rooms. This wasn't fun after travelling for 12 hrs.The rooms are so small that I wouldn't recommend to anyone who suffers from claustrophobia or dislikes 60's type decor as I think this was the decade that the hotel was last decorated. Basic amenities such as irons and even hairdryers are not provided. I had the pleasure of having my toilet overflow so that the entire bathroom floor was covered with toilet water and another member of our party received free company, in the form of a mouse in her bed, and had to be moved rooms.Staff, especially those on reception, were not particularly friendly or helpful and with no internet connection in the rooms, they seriously overcharge for use of PC's in reception. $2 for every 10 minutes with additional charges for use of Microsoft programmes such as Word or Excel.The only positive points I found were the location of the hotel, which is very central for sightseeing or public transport, and the small cafe on the ground floor where food was excellent and cheap and the owner and staff were fantastically friendly and helpful - needless to say the owner leased the cafe from the hotel and it wasn't run by the same people.	
Apr 15 2007 	Nice affordable hotel in the middle of New York	It’s a nice affordable hotel only two blocks away from Empire State Building (see photo). The hotel is old and could use a modernization (the carpets especially). However, the hotel is clean and the cleaning each morning is as good as any 5-star plus hotel. We stayed there for 9 nights and were thrilled about our own bathroom (our primary reason for choosing this hotel).Despite other people’s reviews at this site, I do no think that the Clerks are hostile. They were really nice to us and answered all our questions nicely. They even borrowed us a hair dryer for the whole stay. And yes, the elevator is slow (when going down – for some strange reason). However, the steps are nice and clean – and it is not that fare, even from the 8th floor. In addition to this the water is warm and there is heat in the radiator.On the down-side the windows are not the most modern. If you have a room on the street side you can here the cars clearly. However, is it not the charm of a city like New York? We were tired in the nights so it was not a problem for us to sleep – and the street noise is lower in the morning.The only thing we thought was ought was, that the clerks at the hotel wanted us to pay at arrival instead at check out. It seems like they are trained in asking this question, since we observed some other people getting the same question. They however, just said that they would rather way to check-out – which was not problem at all. So, just remember to question the request for payment at arrival.All in all, a nice hotel which is affordable if you want your own bathroom :-)	
Apr 13 2007	Don't Bother	The great location is the other thing great about Hotel Grand Union. The staff had plenty of attitude: rude and not willing to help in any way, including giving us an extra towel. The rug in our room looked like it's never been cleaned since the hotel opened, whenever that was, but it clearly was a long time ago. Plus, we didn't know that the hotel really caters to very large high school groups that couldn't be more rowdy and raucous. It seems like their chaperones have little control over them. The group that was there during our stay looked like they were straight from a reform school. Plus the walls are paper thin -- we couldn't sleep with the din. The rooms are dark with poor lighting. We hear they will be soon renovating but, given the rude and bored staff, unless they hire new employees, and stop catering to these out-of-control groups the swamp the hotel, it's not likely that it'll make a different. The cafe that is in the same building is basically a greasy spoon so, if you love fatty burgers and oil-dripping fries, it's the place to go. Located at Park Avenue and 32nd street, the location can't be beat. But even with a good price, we'd never stay here again.	
Apr 6 2007 	very handy hotel great location	My wife and i have just returned from a 5 night stay at the grand union and had a very pleasent stay. I booked the room direct with hotel via email, i feel i got a good price and everything was in order when we arrived to check in. You pay when you check in not out, i dont know if this is standard practice in the US but we were fine with this. I did see other guests who were a bit wary if this.The room was a good size and was clean and tidy, the bathroom was spotless. Decor was a bit out of date we weren't there to study the inside of the room so it was fine. The bed was comfy. There was also a tv and fridge. Rooms dont have safe deposit boxes so if you paranoid leave the family jewels and wads of cash at home. Although we had no reason to suspect the hotel was insecure.There are no food facilites but the hotel joins to a great diner next door, which serves great breakfasts, ideal to fill you up for a days sight seeing.Hotel has internet access for guests who need it.Staff were helpful when we needed them.NYC itself is like nowhere else we have ever been, soo many things to see and do i could go on forever. We did the whole sightseeing thing for which the hotels location was excellent, less than 5 minutes to the empire state building, 15 to times square and 10 to penn station (subway to just about anywhere you would want to go)Overall i would recommend this hotel to tourists who are going to be out and need to good base to go back to each night. Location could not be any better. Great value for money. Would definitly stay here again.Finally my tip for new york.. if you want to do the statue of liberty, book it online and get up early enough to be on the first boat its well worth saving yourslef the queues.	
Mar 27 2007 	Loved the Grand Union	The hotel was close enough to walk everywhere for both shopping and sightseeing - just a few blocks from Grand Central and the Empire State Building. We only needed to sleep in the hotel so luxury was not an issue. The beds were comfortable and most importantly the bathroom was clean. I found the staff very helpful and loved the attached diner where one could get pancakes in the morning.	
Mar 25 2007 	Much better than we expected very central location	We have just returned from a weeks holiday in New York and stayed at the Grand Union. We were very unsure if the standard would be clean, and close to the Manhattan attractions but we were very pleased with our choice.The rooms are adequately sized and have a mini fridge, ensuite, tv and a good sized bed. The view however is not great as you are looking at another high rise building but in New York you cant really expect much else (and not as noisy as being right in the centre of things, we def got a good nights sleep!)The rooms are cleaned every day with fresh towels etc and the hotel staff are very helpful and multilingual.This hotel is only 2 blocks from empire state and macys and from there its only another few blocks from Times square, however if you dont feel like walking a taxi is around 5 dollars to times square or the subway is just on the corner of the block (from the entrance of the hotel, go right to end of block) we actually only found this 2 days before we came home!The hotel does not have its own cafe/restaurant but adjoined to the hotel is a wonderful bistro called Captains Cafe.The owner Tony is very pleasant and we looked forward to breakfast for the craic!! The food is really good no complaints whatsoever. I brought my own hairdryer as it was not stated wether they were available, but they were available at the front desk. Bring your own travel iron.The hotel also has internet access and the manager told us they are upgrading the hotel very soon with flat screen tv's, hairdryers, irons etc...Hope this doesnt put the price up too much!Overall we had a very pleasant stay and would def go there againIt was very reasonably priced for New York.	
Mar 20 2007	Great location great value!	This was a perfect hotel for our four-day stay in New York City. It's very centrally located, just five minutes' walk from Herald Square (excellent chain store shopping and some nice places for lunch) with excellent subway links. The 6-train station on 33rd street is literally 100 yards away, providing a direct link to Little Italy, Chinatown and the downtown area. Links to many other lines available at 34th Street (Herald Sq.) and Penn Station (10-15 minutes' walk).We booked directly with the hotel and were able to negotiate a small discount. We asked for a room with a street view and were given a decent-sized room on the 10th (top) floor with an uninterrupted view of the Empire State Building! Nice and clean, reasonably friendly staff who were helpful whenever we needed something. Would definitely recommend as a place to stay for first-time visitors who want to be close to the hustle and bustle of midtown Manhattan, but don't want to break the bank.	
Mar 2 2007	Wonderful clean safe place to stay	I took my mom to NYC for her 65th birthday to go shopping. I come here quite often with my girlfriends and we usually stay near Canal Street, but this time my mom wanted to stay closer to downtown. This hotel was so clean and nice and was such an excellent location. Walking only a few blocks to Macy's, and a ton of stores! Subway was also a few blocks, near Macy's actually. The room had two nice double beds, and was pretty large for NYC. The bathroom and shower were pretty small but were very clean. The staff was very nice. This hotel is great for the price!	
Feb 27 2007 	Great Hotel for its Price and Location	My wife and I stayed in October 2006 during our Around the World Trip. We enjoyed everything about the Hotel. The position was fantastic and the room we stayed in was very clean and comfortable. The staff were most helpful and the cafe next door very convenient. We met our Doctor at his hotel ,much more expensive, and it could not compare to the Grand Union for Price or Location - we thought our room was better as well.We would have no hesitation returning to the Grand Union.	
Feb 26 2007	Disappoinment with a capital "D"	Booked this hotel for two nights on the referral of a friend and some positive online opinions. BIG MISTAKE! We didn't get any sleep the first night because our room was next to a late hour nightclub...loud music and DJ until 3:00AM. The room was freezing as there is no room themostat for personal control and the windows old and without weatherstripping. Although the bathroom appeared clean enough the linens were downright questionable! We couldn't get face cloths enough for three because the housekeeper had left for the day. I asked to change rooms after the first night. The room was quieter however other amenities no better. Neither room had daylight or any view as both rooms were next to another building with roof tops full of dead birds,old clothes,and debris. The overhead lighting was bad florescent in dropped ceilings. The staff never once showed friendliness,appreciation for our stay, or concerned that we were unhappy. If I hadn't prepaid for my stay on Expedia I would have left after the first night. Parking is a block down and costs $20.00 for 24hrs. We had a much better experience at The Travel Inn if you are looking for a clean, budget-friendly hotel in a good location. The parking is also free and right next door.	
Feb 15 2007 	Been Twice Loved it	I have been to NY twice in 2006 and stayed at this hotel both times. First time I went was in April 06 with two male friends and we booked a triple room. The room was fine and we had no problems for the 5 nights we stayed there. It is located in a perfect area close to amenities and eating places. The second time I went, there were 3 couples and we were perfectly accomadated in rooms next to each to each other. One of my bookings was done for 2 couples and then a third couple arrived the next day. They were booked at a nearby hotel but preferred to be altogether with us. I asked at the reception desk if there was room and they changed some bookings around so the third couple could be accomadated. On top of that they even gave the room next to us so we were all one room apart from each other. The staff were friendly and even let me use the printer for our check in boarding passes for the flight home. Would recommend to anyone.	
Jan 29 2007	Everything You'd Want in a NYC Hotel	Contrary to several other postings, our experience at the Hotel Grand Union was pleasant. We booked through the hotel's Web site, received a reply the next day, sent our credit card info, and had our room confirmed promptly. It was exactly what we wanted in a New York boutique hotel: tidy, convenient, and comfortable. When we travel, we only use hotels as a place to sleep and wash up. If you want a hotel where liveried staff are tumbling over themselves to assist you, where your room is big enough to hold a formal ball, and where there are more amenities than you can stuff in your suitcase, obviously you don't want a boutique hotel. To address some of the criticisms raised elsewhere in this hotel's listing:- Room size: New York hotel rooms are small, even in some of the snazziest &quot;name&quot; properties. We had space enough for two people to easily move around without one having to wedge into a corner to allow the other to pass. We were happy.- Front desk attitude: The hotel is managed and apparently run by new American citizens whose culture is not the same as American culture (which varies from region to region anyway). We weren't expecting to add the desk staff to our Christmas card list, after all. We didn't expect gushing obsequiousness, just politeness and efficiency. We got it and were happy.- Missing towels: We were two people. We got two bath towels. When we noticed we only had one washcloth, we mentioned it to the desk staff on our way out. When we returned we found they had delivered two more. We were happy.- Room temperature: The room was hot when we checked in. We immediately located the radiator knob and turned off the heat. (OK, so we had to lift up the radiator cover to do so. Big whoop.) The room cooled down while we were out exploring. We were happy.- Ambient noise. The hotel is in New York. New York is noisy. Most New York hotels are noisy, even the fancy-schmancy ones. We brought earplugs (which every traveler should have in their toilet kits anyway). We were happy.- Room cleanliness. The room was clean, the bathroom was clean, the lobby was clean and the staff were clean. The carpet was not frayed, the furniture was well-maintained and was dusted. We were happy.We have stayed in hotels, B&amp;Bs, and inns all over Europe and the U.S. The Hotel Grand Union compares favorably to those boutique properties we enjoyed elsewhere. The price (for New York) was great, the room clean and large enough, the amenities sufficient, the #6 subway stop just steps away, Macy's ten minutes away, Times Square a 20-minute stroll down Broadway, and the staff as polite as necessary. Unless you plan to spend most of your New York holiday in the hotel, this is the perfect place for a good night's sleep and a bath. It's now our New York hotel.	
Jan 29 2007 	Satisfied customers	We have just come back from a 4-night stay and we were very happy with the value for money and standards in this hotel. Our days were spent being out and about from 9 am – 11pm, so we were not looking for anything other than a basic, clean and secure room, which is what we got. We found the staff on reception polite and helpful and the location is excellent. We had a room that was in the centre of the building, it was dark but it benefited for being quiet as it was away from street noise. We would have no hesitation in booking this hotel again.	
Jan 24 2007 	Hated the Grand Union	I stayed at the hotel grand union in October 2006. 4 nights. On arrival the first thing I noticed was the bathroom had obviously not been cleaned properly, the bath was dirty. The room was tiny and very dull. Although in a great location in the centre of Manhattan I would not reccomend this hotel. I did not expect a luxurious hotel as it was a reasonable price but it just wasnt my cup of tea. It was very old fashioned. The lobby was newly renovated, they should think of renovating the rest of the hotel. In saying all this it has a really cute small coffee shop next door that serves breakfast etc. Despite the hotel I loved every moment of NYC !!	
Jan 22 2007	Great Location Shoddy Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights over New Year 2006/2007. Tiny beds, tiny bathroom, dirty carpet, no temperature control in the room, consistently left too few towels - I could go on and on. The staff were clearly bored and were not interested in helping in any way. We had to pay for our stay on arrival, rather than on departure. We had to beg the manager to split the cost of our room across a couple of credit cards rather than pay on just one as &quot;it messes up our accounting&quot;. If you stay here make sure you bring your own iron and ironing board as they are &quot;against hotel policy&quot;. I will never stay here again. Dreadful.	
Jan 12 2007	Great Location	Stayed at the Grand Union for the New Year. The hotel is in a fab and ideal location within in easy waliking dstance (3 min) to the Empire State Building and Macey's. Also about 10min walk to Times Sq with subway stations on the street.However, the hotel is old. The heating in the room is centrally controlled and is exceptionally hot. In fact extremely hot and uncomfortable to the point of having to put my make-up in the fridge and actually needing a shower in the mornings after such a sweaty nights sleep - well cat-nap with the extreme heat and noisy air con. The rooms were otherwise clean but small and cleaned daily with fresh towels. The staff were polite but not outwardly friendly, attentive or helpful.	
Dec 19 2006 	Small beds!	My wife and i stayed at the Grand Union between 7/12 and 10/12 on our first visit to New York.We checked in around 5pm without any issues &amp; were given a room on the 8th floor. First impressions were .. jeez this room is small, we weren't &quot;that&quot; bothered though for a 4 night stay. The bed is a standard double, we're used to a King size at home in the UK so that was our biggest gripe, i've never had a standard double in any hotel in the usa ever &amp; it was really uncomfortable. The carpet in the room looked pretty dirty, the air con unit made aweful noises during the night. The bathroom was adaquate &amp; clean although the maids couldn't seem to grasp the fact that 2 people need 2 face cloths, 2 hand towels &amp; 2 bath towels, not once during our stay did was have the full quota of towels. There was a hot water pipe in the bathroom that was seriously hot, honestly touch it and you'd be branded for life, it also made some irritating noises during the night. Almost like someone tapping out SOS on it constantly!The staff hardly had 2 words to say but they didn't seem miserable, just not very interested in much.Didn't try the Captains Cafe next door as it was always full, Dunkin Donuts is only about a block away so we made that our Breakfast eatery.Location is pretty good, 10 mins from Macys, 15 mins from Times Sq, Number 6 Subway right on the doorstep.For the price it was good value, not sure if i'd stay there again though, i'd definately stay in that area of New York again.	
Dec 13 2006 	Perfect location great service VERY CLEAN!!!	My Mom and I booked a last minute trip to NYC last week. While other hotels were $400+, we found the Hotel Grand Union in our price range ($175/night) and very convenient. The hotel front desk workers were humerous, the hotel very clean, and the bathrooms roomy. The only downside was that the only room available was one full-size bed. Also, all rooms are smoking, however you would never have known anyone smoked in our room. All said, we would definetly stay there again!	
Dec 7 2006 	A Bargain Beyond Belief!	We had a general idea of what to expect as we had read the reviews on Tripadvisor before we booked a 5 night stay at The Grand Union. At the end of the day, we only wanted somewhere to rest, shower and change... Who goes to New York to spend time in a hotel room???  I was a little worried as some of the reviews were negative, but I found I had no reason to be! Granted, the desk staff aren't the friendliest bunch in the world- in fact they seemed put out any time we asked any questions- but they were efficient, and book in was extremely quick. We went to our room on the 2nd floor, and found it to be clean, neat, tidy and welcoming after a long days travel. It wasn't the biggest room, but it was more than adequate for the two of us, all our luggage, and all our shopping! It had a fridge, television and air con. My partner is a VERY light sleeper, and, even though we were on the 2nd floor and at the front of the hotel, we found there to be barely no noise at all! We had a lovely ensuite, nicely tiled, with bath, shower, toilet and hand basin- unlike some other reviewers, we had NO problems with water pressure or temperature- we found it to be perfect every time we used the shower.  The room was cleaned to a high standard every day, with fresh bedding and clean towels left.  It was our first time in New York, and we couldn't believe the location of the hotel! Round the corner from the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Fifth Avenue, and a very pleasant stroll away from Times Square and Central Park. New York is on a plate for you! The only warning I have, especially for Irish people, is DO NOT USE THE TELEPHONE IN THE HOTEL ROOM! We made 6 relatively quick calls home, and it cost us $130, payable before you leave- we made the same length of call from a public phone and it only cost a couple of bucks!!  Finally, a quick mention to The Captain's Cafe adjoining the hotel.. It was FANTASTIC! We had breakfast there most mornings and it was fine grub- pancakes, bacon, syrup, omlettes and much more, at an incredibly low price! Two HUGE breakfasts for about $10- You can't go wrong! We will definitely stay again on our next visit to NYC!	
Dec 7 2006 	Better Than Imagined	Normally my wife and I stay at other hotels like the Salisbury on 57th street, but because it was full and the rates were so high we decided to try the Grand Union instead. We were expecting the worst but it was not bad at all in fact we rather enjoyed it. The best part about the hotel is it's close location to the Lexington subway line which takes you direct to the Upper East Side or downtown. There are also a number of trendy restaurants nearby and a coffee shop in the lobby to get coffee in the morning without tramping through the cold.We drove down and unloaded the bags and found there is no doorman to help unload. Check in was swift and they gave us our room early, 10:30 instead of 3 PM. There is only one elevator so we had to wait for a while to get to the room, #809, a smoking room. The room was neat, big (for NYC) with three beds, and basic. There was no view, the bathroom was fairly large and clean, the water pressure was fairly low but not as bad as some others.There was a minifridge on the floor.There was one TV and the picture was a bit fuzzy but perfectly adequate. Check out was quick and the parking garage is only a block away. We left our bags in the luggage room ourselves so we did not have to tip a doorman for that easy service. So, aside from the slow elevator and the difficulty with luggage, the hotel is actually not bad at all especially if you are like us and are out all day.	
Dec 6 2006 	Wonderful Staff Fantastic Location!!	We had a 4 night stay and found the hotel more than adequate for our needs. The room was clean and tidy and the daily maid kept us supplied with fresh towels and toiletries. The location was perfect for shopping and sightseeing. Only complaints would be that the room was a little on the dark side (although this was transformed to cosy with the lamp on) and there was some traffic noise at night. A budget hotel but definitely not a budget experience. Didn't really rate the coffee in the neighbouring cafe but overall a fantastic stay. THANKYOU	
Nov 18 2006 	steer well clear!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	recepionist seemed to have problem with females, told us that reception was shut because he was on his lunch, when asked for a morning wake up call, he replied why not just phone one another to save him the bother, when toilets blocked on the fri night, told us that it would be mon morning before it could be fixed, just downright rude/attitude problem.............just like a turkish fawlty towers.........never again!!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 30 2006 	A fantastic New York bargain!	I don't often write reviews for hotels that I've stayed at, but with the Grand Union in NYC, I thought I'd make an exception.First of all, compared to anywhere else I've visited in the world, New York has the most expensive hotels - this much I gathered from researching hotels prior to my visit.This hotel however, bucks that trend, and is worth every cent. Honestly.I am Scottish, and as everyone knows, we are particularly keen on getting value for money - for $150 a night, this hotel right in the middle of Manhattan certainly delivers.The room we had was spotless, the bed was comfy, shower was great, new towels and toiletries every day, cable TV in the room, air con, plenty of room......Need I say any more?As many reviews have commented - you are unlikely to have a fantastic view from your bedroom window - but who cares?You are right in the middle of New York!Take a few steps out of the reception and you have Penn Station, Empire State Building - the subway station (Green line, No.6) is at the end of the street!A truly fabulous hotel - book a stay here and you will not be disappointed - unless your name is Madonna, or Elton John, or HM the Queen........	
Oct 29 2006 	Good Stay at Grand Union	Grand Union Hotel New York Date 11th October 2006  Trip Advisor Member Cleethorpes England We stayed at the Grand Union Hotel for 5 nights and were pleasantly surprised. After reading the previous reviews we  were unsure of what to expect. We arrived a little late after a flight delay and were met by a very friendly receptionist, the lobby was bright and clean and the checking in was quick.  We had a room on the third floor which faced the back of the  hotel so was a little dark, but we only intended to sleep there. The room was very clean, the bathroom was also excellent,  with clean towels daily. We had no problem with the water in  the shower at all. The coffee shop next door was perfect for breakfast every morning and we had no complaints. The  hotel was very handy for the subway both up and downtown. We would not hesitate to book with this hotel again.	
Oct 24 2006 	Great Budget Hotel	I searched and searched for a budget friendly hotel in New York and ran into this one. I read the reviews on trip advisor and noticed that all the reviews had one thing in common (cleanliness). Based on how the hotel looked on the outside, I was skeptical even after reading the reviews, but took a chance and I am glad I did. The hotel was neat, clean, and quaint. It is a no frills budget conscious hotel. Me and 3 other friends stayed in the quad room. It consisted of a full bed and 2 twin beds. It was a rather large room. Very, very clean and the bathroom was clean and updated. The carpet was new. The only downside to the room was the view. Outside the window, the only thing you was a brick wall of the building next to it, but that didnt matter because we did not go to NY to look out of the window. The housekeeping staff was professional and polite and cleaned the rooms very good. The front desk staff was very helpful and friendly. We saw the same 2 front desk staff all weekend long (10.20-10.22). They even stored our luggage until it was time for us to check out on the last day. The food at the dinner inside the hotel was okay. The elevator is very small About 4 people at a time can fit in it but there's not really an issue. So if your on a budget and want to stay at a clean, safe, nice hotel--stay here!!!	
Oct 23 2006 	OK for NYC	We stayed 3 people in a triple room, 185 dollars + tax per night. The beds were firm and good (although real duvets would have been nicer since it was rather cold), the bathroom clean and with good water pressure, although the shower itself was extremely small. New towels every day, tv and a fridge was nice.However, the room was a bit small for 3 people with large bags, and we had practically no daylight, except for a tiny window with a curtain that was stuck in front of it. The fact that there only was one, small and very slow elevator was also a bit annoying, since it could take 10-15 minutes to come out of the buildingAll in all, a reasonably good value for the money considering the town we're in and the location is superb – Empire State Building, Wolfgang's Steakhouse and Les Halles is just a few blocks away. If you want to stay in a really nice budget location I would recommend the Chelsea Lodge, though.	
Oct 23 2006 	East 32nd St Manhattan	To get a hotel in Manhattan for 150$ was a steal and that too within a few blocks from the Empire State.The Hotel staff were very friendly , they helped us choose tours on the hop on hop off red busses, booked taxis , broadway shows .The rooms were clean , comfy and big for Manhattan . The bathroom was clean and adequate with decent showers. No views though, we stayed in Room no 501 where we saw the garbage dumped on the next buildings first level. Better keep the shades down.The Captain cafe at the entrance is good for a bite. Only irritating thing in this hotel is the solitary lift which can carry 4 people.Would recommend this hotel for its location, staff and cleanliness.	
Oct 16 2006 	Pretty good for the price	I stayed at the hotel for one night October 13th. I was on the 4th floor and there wasn't a lot of noise. We were located across from their little elevator. (It can hold about 4 people). The bed was very hard, I like firm beds to it didnt bother me that much. The room was rather small but it had all the basics including a TV, somewhere to hang your clothes and a desk. The bathroom is really nice. Marble everywhere... which this being said... wear socks when you walk in the bathroom because the floor is really cold. When we went the temp was about 40 degrees at night and there was no heater in the room. But it was okay. This place has no frills at all. You get the basics and thats not so bad sometimes. If you plan on doing a lot of sight seeing this is the place for you. I paid 173.00 for one night including tax. And in New York I think that is really good. The hotel doesnt have room service but the have a little resurant next door that you can go to or there is a bagel place that open 24 hrs off of 32rd and 5th... just half a block down from the hotel.Location is great. About 1/12 blocks away from the empire state building and 1 block away from the subway (6). Close to everything. :)	
Oct 8 2006 	Good if noise/hard bed not a problem!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Grand Union for 10 nights in September, at a cost of a little over $1,800.00 including all taxes. The young ladies who look after the reservations were very pleasant and gracious. We had no problems at check-in even though we were late arriving. Reception staff were pleasant, some a little more so than others. Near Reception, there is a long, narrow lobby which is bright, clean and has some computers, which are somewhat expensive to use but are there if you need them. There is a little cafe next door which we didn't get to use but many people did so it must be fine. The cafe's posted menu had very reasonable prices and the amount of food on people's plates in the morning should have set them up for the rest of the day (smile). I felt the location of the hotel was excellent - just a block and a half from 5th Avenue, between Madison and Park on East 32nd Street, and about 20 minutes or less from Times Square, if that's were you want to go. We bought the 7 day subway passes and easily travelled to Harlem, Upper West Side, Williamsburg, Coney Island and Brighton Beach so never hesitate to use the subway to get around. Using a combination of subway and bus, we even made it to Historic Richmond Town on Staten Island. We had read many of the reviews on Tripadvisor so brought along an iron, coffee maker and hairdryer as the hotel does not provide these. We were particularly glad we had brought the coffeemaker so that we did not have to leave our room before having a cup of coffee in the morning. I couldn't have lived without my hairdryer either. I am attaching pictures to this review as they can best show what the room looks like and you can make up your mind whether this room would suit you. The room and bathroom were large enough for our needs, and included a double bed, cabinet t.v. with a good selection of stations and a desk and chair. A helpful addition to the room would be to have a lamp on the desk, if anyone from the hotel is reading this. There were also bedside tables with lamps so that you could read at night and plan the next day, which is another necessity to me. The room was very clean including the linen and bedding. I prefer to have my sheets tucked in but I've noticed in a few hotels that housekeeping seems to be leaving them untucked, possibly for the sake of efficiency. There were a few stains on the floor but otherwise the carpet was not filthy and I was satisfied with the cleanliness of the room in general. The closet consisted of a clothes rack and was adequate. We had a little fridge in the room which was very handy and appreciated. And the shower was great!We were able to open the windows in our room to let in the fresh air, which we were happy about. Even though this hotel allows smoking (we do not smoke), the room did not smell of smoke at all so non-smokers, don't worry. Our bed had the hardest mattress that we have ever slept on and that, combined with the noise from the street (we were in Room 804) caused us to become somewhat sleep deprived towards the end of our holiday. However, that did not cause us to slow down because the sheer energy of New York is so fantastic that you just keep going and going, there is so much to see and do.To summarize, the hotel is clean, in a good, safe location with a fair price. If you don't want to spend a fortune, particularly for a long stay, it is a decent choice.	
Oct 4 2006 	Would go back in a New York minute!	I went for a week of shopping to New York with my mum for 5 days and stayed at the Grand Union as we found a great deal online and the location was fab! We were not disappointed at all and could not understand the bad reviews in the slightest..Staff were friendly enough and very helpful with any questions we had. Our room was number 308 and didn't have a view but you're in the most built-up city in the world, what can you expect!? Room was plenty big enough and clean and the bathroom was spacious and the shower was powerful and there was always hot water. TV had loads of channels and bed was comfy too. Maids were very efficient too.We had breakfast every day at Captains Cafe which is joined to the lobby of Grand Union - the pancakes were AMAZING and very filling for a full day of shopping! Great value too as is most of New York.Location was good as it is only 2 blocks from the Empire State building (visit early in the morning to avoid queues) and about a 10/15 minute walk from Macys which is the best of the department stores for the cash-conscious visitor.Make sure to visit Times Square at night, it's great and also the tour of the city on the red buses is great value.Most places to eat are fast-food so we ate pretty unhealthily but there are places like Sbarro which have pasta and Cafe Metro which did amazing sandwiches, paninis and fresh salads and fruit and both of these can be found on a lot of streets.We only used the subway system a couple of times as we found it pretty confusing but you can buy a card like the London underground one and that will last you for the duration of your stay. Walking is a good way to see and feel the pace of the city though. Didn't use taxis once as most were always sat in traffic.The only problem we encountered was having sore feet every night from too much walking and would definitely return and stay at the Grand Union, it was brilliant!	
Sep 26 2006 	16th - 22nd Sept - Loved our Stay	Wonderful location. Spotlessly clean rooms. Our shower worked just fine (we were on 7th floor). Cleaners very pleasant &amp; f riendly. Linen &amp; towels changed daily and room dusted &amp; vacuumed daily too. Only fault would be the Reception staff. We had a total of 4 words said to us during our entire stay. On arrival we were asked &quot;Cash or Credit Card?&quot;, and that was it. When we checked out we didn't even get a nod when we said &quot;Thank You&quot;. Would definitely stay here again. A brand new diner (called Silo) opened just across the road on our last day there and it is by far the best diner out of the many we tried across Manhattan. Give the Reception staff some customer care training and this place is 100% perfect.	
Sep 20 2006 	Very good location my second time and would stay again	Me and my husband stayed at this hotel in the first week of september for 7 nights. We also stayed in january and this was our second time. We like this hotel because the location is great (2 blocks to empire state, 20 meters to downtown subway, 1 minute to uptown subway) Our room was at the 10th floor so we could see empire state from our bathroom. It was impressive at Labor Day with lighting, white-red-blue. This was the advantage of 10th floor. There was only one lift at the hotel and it was quite slow so this was the disadvantage of 10th floor. Turkish receptionists were really friendly and helpful. There was a safe at the reception and one of the keys remain with us and the other at the reception. There was a small fridge in the room. The water from the shower flew minimum that you cannot regulate the hot and cold water so we tried a cold shower this time. It wasn't a big problem for us because of the weather but it was in january. The room was very clean and the staff were very likely. If I have a chance for a third time in New York (i hope that deeply), I won't hesitate to stay in this hotel. I recommend this hotel to everyone... Enjoy..	
Sep 15 2006 	Nice place to stay	We stayed for 6 nights in Sep 2006 and chose the hotel from trip advisor reviews. We were not disappointed. We had a twin room, with a private bathroom (all rooms had private bathrooms). The room was large enough for the two of us, as was the bathroom. We had adequate space to put away all our clothes and space to leave our empty suitcases. There was also a fridge in our room.The positive points were:- Rooms were clean, and cleaned well every day. - We felt safe in the location. - Our room (611) was very quiet. Not even any road noise.- Central location. We walked pretty much everywhere but even if you don't like to walk to much, there are a choice of 2 subway stops very close. One is 20 seconds away and the other, maybe about 4 mins.- Our beds were comfy! Not something you can say about all hotels!The only negative things were:- The shower was not the best. The power was fine but getting it to the right temp took me about 5 minutes! It was not something to ruin a holiday though and I think that considering all the positive things about the hotel, it was just a very minor thing.- Cost of internet in the hotel. We didn't want to walk around looking for an internet cafe to send a quick email home but the internet in the lobby was $2 for 10 mins! You may feel this is reasonable but I didn't!I would definitely recommend a stay in this hotel. And if you do, make sure that you get breakfast from the man in the cart at the corner of 32nd and Madison (at the end of the block). Circular pastries larger than your handspan! Definitely enough to keep you going all day...	
Aug 21 2006	A great stay!	My partner and I stayed at the Hotel Grand Union from the 8th - 11th July.GOOD POINTS:Large, nice rooms.Good location- short walk to the Empire State Building.So cheap for NY!Internet services available in the lobby (at a price). Captains Cafe next door is a great place for brekky!Air-conditioning.Staff are very accomodating and frendly. BAD POINTS:Slow lift.As you can see, I don't really have anything negative to say about this Hotel.It was one of the cheapest Hotels we could find, but it exceeded our expectations!I would stay here again, and recommend it to everyone!	
Aug 15 2006 	Great location great price	I've stayed at this hotel twice now and can't fault it for the money that I paid.The bedrooms aren't anything special, but they are clean, enough room for your luggage and the hotel offers an exellent location in mid-town from where to explore this great city.Everything worked and the reception was very friendly.	
Aug 11 2006 	Get what you pay for	I booked one night at this hotel based on the tripadvisor reviews. I was hopeful when I arrived - the lobby was pleasantly lit, the service was friendly and prompt, I saw some young foreign couples on holiday (which is typically a good sign for me when finding decent budget accommodations). My room left a lot to be desired. When I book at a budget hotel I reduce my expectations. I know I'm not going to get 100% cotton bed linens for example, or the fluffiest towels. But I expect things to be clean and decent smelling, and they weren't. The bed linens were yellowed and very poor, the carpet was visibly dirty and dingy, and the room itself smelled. Perhaps others have had better experiences, but mine was not good overall and I doubt I will return.	
Jul 30 2006 	Saved Money and Enjoyed NY at the Hotel Grand Union	Smooth booking and check-in but did have to pay for total stay in advance upon check-in. Great location, reasonably priced, felt safe sight-seeing day and night (as a single traveler) and conveniently close to subway stops. My room was clean, quiet and air conditioner worked great in hot, humid July weather. Cheap eats (several fast food places) a couple blocks away. Also a Walgreens close by at the Empire State Bldg. where I purchased all my drinking water at $1a bottle, thought city water tasted awful. Agree with other reviewers about small elevator packed with people in the morning.. Taxi was $32 from La Guardia to hotel, not too bad. Only $15 for Super Shuttle pick up from hotel to La Guardia. Enjoyed my three day stay, no complaints, would book again without hesitation.	
Jul 17 2006	Worth a visit	We stayed in New York 23rd June 2006 for 4 nights. We found the rooms comfortable, clean &amp; adequate for our needs. We were at the back, so we saw little day light. However, we weren't in the room much. There was a cafe at the entrance to the hotel. Very good breakfast. Hotel 5min from Empire State building, very central.Desk staff rude but we were in a city. We would stay again.	
Jul 10 2006	Great find in midtown	I stayed at the hotel with family for 3 days at the beginning of June. The room was very clean and the hotel personnel was very helpful. The room on the 9th floor did not have a view, but with the empire state building a mere 2 blocks away, who cares? The only bad thing we can say about the place is that the shower is very tiny, but the washroom was still very nice with newly tiled flooring and all. We felt safe walking around in the evening and there were lots of nice restaurants within a short walking radius. There is a restaurant attached to the hotel. It is a great breakfast place where menu items are very reasonably priced and the French toast is excellent and priced under $4!I enjoyed my stay and will be returning this summer	
Jun 22 2006 	Better than I expected!	I was looking for a decent hotel - everything 2-stars and up in mid-town was above $300/night this week. I found the Hotel Grand Union to be very clean, obviously recently renovated, and very quiet. Wish there was an iron and ironing board (and I was happy I packed my own hairdryer). Other than that - well worth the $145 for the convenience and I plan to stay there again.	
Jun 14 2006	Hotel Grand Union- Not bad at all	After doing lots of research on this site, I picked this hotel because it gets better reviews than any other 2-star hotel I could find in NYC. When I called a few days before my trip to confirm my reservation, the person I spoke with was very friendly. The hotel staff wasn’t as friendly in person, but they were never downright rude and always responded to my inquiries/needs in a reasonable fashion. The room was pretty small, but we didn’t feel too cramped. I read somewhere that this hotel has marble bathrooms, but we must have been in an older room because our bathroom wasn’t marble. The shower was incredibly tiny, not even really big enough for one person to stand comfortably. The water temperature fluctuated somewhat, but nothing too severe. The toilet’s flushing capacity seemed pretty weak, but it was never a serious issue for us. The cleanliness of the room and bathroom was pretty good. The towels are pretty small and basic, but they worked and were replaced every day. Nothing was dusty and I didn’t see a single bug. At night the hotel was as quiet as a mouse. The only thing making any noise was our fridge, which we unplugged, but even that wasn’t too noisy. I think the beds were sufficiently comfortable—we were so exhausted we probably could’ve slept on metal slabs. The location is good—many sights are easily accessible, and Times Square is within walking distance. It isn’t in the fanciest neighborhood in NYC, but the area seemed safe. I never felt endangered or threatened, and I felt secure sleeping in the room at night. I liked being able to leave my bag in the luggage room for a few hours after checking out. If you’re on a budget or are just staying for a couple of nights, this place should fit your needs. Don’t expect luxury, and you probably won’t be disappointed.	
Jun 14 2006	Good choice no worries centrally located clean rooms and baths	Friendly and competent service at our arrival, lateron a little poor but still ok. We liked our room on 6 th floor, it was clean and well furnished. The bathroom was clean and functional as well. Bed quality was good. Only the ac didn't seem to work. We liked the location just around the corner from Empire State Building, near to different subway stations. Not a &quot;beautiful surrounding&quot; but certainly not scary, Hotel is located in or next to the Korean village. We would book again.	
Jun 8 2006 	Good for budget/business travellers	I stayed at the Grand Union for 2 nights on a quick business trip from Ireland. On that basis it was perfect - clean, central, relatively quiet. Not the sort of place for a romantic couple or holiday makers.I have given this an above average rating but this is relative. It is a very good 3 star hotel. Nothing more, nothing less.I reccommend this for people on business who are not getting their expenses paid by their company.(like me)	
May 31 2006	Very Clean Good Location Not too bad at all	We stayed at the Hotel Grand Union on Memorial Weekend. Checked in on Saturday and out on Monday. The rooms were very small but very clean. The bathrooms again were very clean. Located in a GREAT area within very easy walking distance to the ESB (2 blocks) and just a half block to the subway. Very safe location and we had no major problems.Had a few issues that weren't really a big deal:1. The AC didn't work very well, no matter how low we programmed it the temp didn't seem to go below 75 degrees in the room. 2. The shower could not make up its mind if it wanted to be hot or cold. One minute you were fine then the next you were either being scalded or frozen.3. Had to put a $50 deposit to use the phone which was mainly if you wanted to use the data port to get online from your room. We didnt need this service but be warned when you check in ;)4. Website states complimentary timed internet service - we never got it. My boyfriend had to pay $2 for 10 minutes5. No one seemed to speak English at all, including the front desk person who never smiled. However the housekeeping staff were very friendly and polite.6. Bathroom window (no screen) was left open after housekeeping staff left. Didn't realize it until morning and that made me a little uneasy as we were on the 6th floor and in NYC. Probably for ventilation since there was none in the bathroom.Good points:1. Great price for NYC - you couldn't get a better price in a better location2. Rooms were thoroughly cleaned daily3. Bathrooms were very nice and clean4. No problems with noise5. Beds were comfyI would definitely stay there again and would recommend it to anyone. You get what you pay for, the rooms were small but for the price you can't beat the cleanliness and the location. We are going back this summer and will plan on staying here again.	
May 22 2006	Clean 	I stayed there for 4 days and I really liked it.The room was a bit small but very clean and made up every day.Great location. Walk distance to everywhere and very close to subway stations. I stayed on the 9th floor and had no problems with noise. Very quiet.The only concern was with the shower and toilet.The shower water skept switching from hot to cold and the toilet tank would not fill as quick. I talked to the reception and they were able to fix toilet on the next day.They do not have iron, coffee maker nor hair dryer in the room.However, they do have a little fridge which was very helpful.Great breackfast place attached to the hotel. There is also a really good brazilian rodizio restaurant, Porcão, right down few blocks (26th St and Park Ave). You get unlimited meat and salad bar for around 50 bucks/person. Really good food. I woud not recomment this hotel if you are looking for a luxury. I'd definitely go back again!	
May 14 2006	Very clean and good location	I would definitely recommend this hotel. We were staying on the 10th floor (no problems with the lift). Not much of a view and a little noisy at times but it's only to be expected if you choose to stay in the centre of a busy city !!! Room was a comfortable size, very clean and made up every day. Fridge and TV in room also. Room temperature fine, no noise from heating system. Shower fine too. Nice Turkish cafe/bar attached to hotel (shame it closes at 10pm though !!). Great location - 5 minute walk to Empire State Building. My boyfriend and I walked to all of the attractions from the hotel - Times Square, Broadway, Soho, Grenwich Village, Central Park, Chinatown/Little Italy etc. All were between 1 and 2 hours walk away. Taxis and buses were reasonable but we preferred the walk as you get to see more. We will definitely return to this hotel for our next NYC visit.	
Apr 28 2006	Big Problems	I booked a group of us at the hotel for a business meeting in NY. Big mistake. This is as close as it gets to European budget accomodations in the US. Maybe that is why some of the reviews from budget travelers were OK. But, if you expect a hotel that is acceptable for a business traveler you are in for a shock. Let me be specific: 1.) No heat. The boiler had been turned off and the front desk told us that he did not know how to turn it on. It was cold in the evenings in April! 2.)Bad showers. One of our guys gave up and took a bath. My shower alternated between too hot and too cold. No way to control the temperature. 3.)Noise. My window had a view of a ventilation shaft. Somewhere a nightclub with a rock band was playing into the wee hours--the bass gituar vibrated my room. 4.)Local Calls. Do you want to make a local call? You must leave a $50 deposit at the front desk! 5.)Furnishings. When I got to my room I pulled down the window shade. It came off in my hands! The room was small and dark (Not so dark after I lost the shade, however!) 6.)Elevator. One for the entire hotel. Real slow--if you could get it! Finally, don't lose your remote control for the TV. You must turn it in when you check out! Needless to say, we will not return.	
Apr 11 2006	Not recommended	First things first, this place is a 'budget' hotel in the sense of NYC, but it was far from cheap. My partner and I travelled here primarily on the strength of the tripadvisor review which said it was okay. Our trip wasn't plagued with major concerns, but lots of little things kept cropping up.First off, we arrived at 3pm and the room wasn't ready. Not a major deal, we were able to hold the luggage and go off to explore the city but, after a 10hr+ journey, it wasn't ideal.When we eventually got into the room, we were shoved way up on the 9th floor (of ten). There's only one lift; it takes an absolute age to get anywhere, and it's only big enough for about 5 people - less if you've got luggage.The room itself was stale, dusty and smokey. As a non-smoker, this was particularly off-putting. It wasn't a bad size, but there was only a shower and basin - no bath. The shower itself was a constant source of delight, either being too hot or cold but never right. The plumbing seemed to have a mind of it's own too - constantly alternating between sub-zero and skin-scorchingly hot. I didn't touch anything! After 7 days this was a real pain.Indeed, showering seemed to cause more problems than it was worth. On our last night, we returned having been out all day (as one does in the City that never sleeps) to find no towels in the room. Not one. A swift phonecall later told us that 'housekeeping was closed' and that we wouldn't get towels until 7am. So not only were we unable to shower when we wanted, we had to wait on towels which, predictably, never came the next morning. Eventually housekeeping did deliver them, after another phonecall, but that's not the point!There was also some roadside noise to contend with, but nothing major. The grumbling of the hotel's plumbing was more of a concern to me, but it never stopped me sleeping. The dust did that.The location can't be knocked however. Two blocks away from the Empire State, 4 from Madison Square Garden and on the same block as a metro station (33rd Street, on line 6 I think). A 'leisurely' 20 minute walk direct to Times Square, the hotel seemed quite safe and secure as well.In summmary; great location, not so good room and scary plumbing! Wouldn't choose to go back there, but wouldn't knock back a free stay there either.	
Apr 4 2006	Loved the Grand Union	Excellent hotel. Great value. I stayed for 4 nights recently and highly recommend it. Clean, comfortable rooms. Helpful and friendly reception staff. Will definitely return. I have stayed in much more expensive places in New York that had horrible rooms. This is a gem.	
Mar 31 2006 	one of the best ny deals	Smallish, clean rooms, most redone in past few years. Little fridge in room. Safe, protected access to building. No coffee maker in the rooms I've stayed in here, but decent cheap coffee shop off lobby. No frills hotel but great for price, and one block from subway. Lots of Turkish (and other)restaurants nearby. Highly recommended for any trip when you spend more time out of the room than in.I go to New York 3 days a month for work, used to live there, and this is one of my two favorite bargain hotels (Gershwin is the other).Have also brought nieces &amp; nephews here (5-13 y.o.) and fed 4 of them breakfast in coffee shop for under $20.00 before tip! The kids loved being this close to the Empire State building, even if we were on the subway to go everywhere else.	
Mar 14 2006	good clean hotel  walking distance to many attractions	spent 4 nights and can recommend this hotel! ideal for all attractions. Staff very helpful and friendly. Cafe right next door, excellent,although not open till 8pm every day as it says but plenty other places to eat. Shower a bit tempermental but manageable. Loved Times Square - it was everything and more but glad i was not staying in the hustle and bustle!!Rooms are big enough although take coathangers if you need to hang clothes. No iron or hairdryer but a fridge available for refreshments!!!Try it i'm sure you willl not be disappointed.	
Mar 1 2006	Would definitely stay there again	The location of this hotel cannot be beaten!! Very central, walking distance of Times Square, etc.. The room was small and basic, but spotlessly clean. The double bed was too small for two people so sleep comfortably. The staff was reserved, but not unfriendly. A great hotel to use as a base for exploring New York. I'd definitely stay there again.	
Feb 24 2006	Would definitely return	Four of us were traveling to NY for the first time, and after reading the reviews we decided that Grand Union seemed like a relatively good option for our budget. We were 2 couples who had booked separately online, and upon check-in realized that our rooms were nowhere near each other. The staff promptly changed our rooms with no problem and we were situated on the same floor. The room size was absolutely fine (after reading some of the descriptions, I actually anticipated a much smaller space)....and I was surprised to find a little fridge in the room, which was a bonus. The staff was consistently friendly and accommodating, and always attempted to answer any questions we had. Rooms were very clean- no problems with that whatsoever. Yeah – so there’s only one elevator- can occasionally be slow, but after all the great New York food we ate I voluntarily took the stairs to get some exercise!Best aspect- you simply can’t beat the location. The subway stop is seconds away and you can easily walk to many popular spots. As others have mentioned, there is a great little restaurant/coffee shop attached- do check that out. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a simple and centrally located hotel, and doesn’t want to break the bank to stay there.	
Jan 30 2006	Good experience at the Grand Union	The room was small, but clean. It's in a great location, a few blocks from the Empire State Building and walking distance to Times Square, Penn Station. This is a &quot;no frills&quot; hotel. It's perfect if you only plan on sleeping and showering there. The rooms did not provide an iron/ironing board, alarm clock or hairdryer. There is a great diner connected to the hotel. Good food, very cheap, good service. Overall, I'd say it was a good experience. You do get what you pay for, which is why I wasn't surprised at the lack of ammenities. This is a great hotel for short trips, or if you are on a budget. I'd go back for a weekend getaway.	
Jan 12 2006	40th Birthday treat	The Grand Union was situated in the best possible location for our trip to Manhattan. The rooms were as booked, basic but clean. Maids even folded the wifes pjs very neatly every day. Very helpful friendly staff and an excellent cafe ajoining the hotel, where you get first class service. Sit on the bar stools for a truely American breakfast...where you can watch your breakfast being cooked while chatting to the friendly Turkish manager.We were there in December and the rooms were cold...but the bath was the fastest / hottest running water i've ever seen.As said before, an excellent base for your trip.	
Jan 5 2006	Great Room for the price just what we expected	We went into Manhatten to vist my sister in law. She booked the rooms for us as the Hotel Grand Union. The hotel is just around the corner from her townhome so it was a great location. It is a quaint hotel and the staff could not have been nicer. First let me state that it is not luxurious, but comfortable. A great base point if your not going to be in your room all the time. It was just my hubby and myself, we had a room with a full bed, nice bathroom an apt size frig, tv and we opted not to get the phone in our room. There were a few problems, but I am not to much of a complainer, but some people might not be able to deal with them. First, the water in the shower did not stay hot. I had to keep jumping out of the stream of water at times as it went from hot to cold. Second, there was no thermostat to regulate the heat so the room was like an oven. it had the old steam pipe heating. Thank goodness it was 30 degrees outside, so we opened the small window in the bedroom area and the window in the bathroom. We even went as far as turning on the airconditioner that was in the room. That seemed to help quite a bit. There is only one small elevator so it would suffice to say you need to be patient. There are plenty of great restaruants around the area. A little coffe shop is locted through a door in the lobby of the hotel. It is very small and serves up a great breakfast sandwich. They also have internet access in their lobby, 3 pc's set up, you can purchase minutes at the desk. A nice little sitting area is adjacent to the computers if you want to just sit an read or have a cup of coffee. I had gone down as they had some local artist's work up on display there. Besides I needed to get out of the room and get some air. We had rented a car as we had arrived in NYC and drove to the Poconos for a few days, then came into Manhatten. We had to park our vehicle for 3 days which ran us $78.00. That wasn't bad and it was a secure udnerground lot. All in all it was a good place to hang our hats! When we were there it had snowed and it was cold! We had great time and would stay there again. Oh by the way we were on the 9th floor. one other thing getting off the elevator on our floor was a challenge. Very small corridors, but you get what you pay for!	
Dec 20 2005	Great value location staff	For the last few years I've been staying at the Pickwick Arms Hotel when I go to NY to hang with my buddy. This time we chose the Grand Union. I was very pleased. We booked through Venere - which was great because they don't charge your credit card - and their cancellation policy is great. We amended our dates 2 days before arriving with no problems - and no charge! I've never used Venere, but I will do so again - in addition, they had access to rooms where other travel sites (expedia, hotel, etc.) said were full. Enough about that - but I thought it worthwhile to mention.To start, the hotel was very clean - which is not something that usually accompanies such a bargain rate. We paid $165/night for a twin room (full size bed + single bed). When you're in town with a friend it works out to about $95/night each after taxes. Not bad for the holiday season in NYC. The Pickwick Arms charges $89 for a single (shared bath) and $109 for a single (en suite bath). That was last year's prices. No doubt they've gone up some. Add tax to that and you've got quite a bargain in the Grand Union. Our room must have been refurbished recently because it seemed like everything was fairly new - even the carpet. There were even newer windows. The room had a table/chairs, mini-fridge and cable TV. The bathroom was quite small - which was bothersome - but certainly tolerable for the price/location. The shower was EXTREMELY small (reminded me of a phone booth) and your knees were against the wall when, er, &quot;sitting&quot; in the bathroom. Very clean though. Fresh towels each day too. Water pressure was pretty low, probably due to our upper floor accomodations. But the hot water seemed readily available. Beds were firm and seemed new as well. We didn't have too much trouble sleeping after several libations, and after all, isn't that the point of these &quot;tourist class&quot; hotels? You don't get them for the creature comforts - you get them for the slightly accomodating horizontal surfaces. For the price, this is definitely the place to stay. The subway is literally right outside the door (Lex Line) and Grand Central is 10 blocks up the road. What more could you want?If you're disappointed in this hotel, I would guess that it's probably your expectations more than it is the hotel. This is a tourist class hotel. Adjust your expectations to the appropriate class of accomodations and you wont be disappointed.The staff was extremely friendly and very accomodating. We didn't have any special requests, but I'm quite certain they would have entertained any we had. The front desk clerk, a Turkish fellow, was as friendly as we could have hoped for. As for those who had trouble with fixing their issues, maybe it was the way in which they asked/demanded service that caused the rift.I will stay here again next year.	
Dec 16 2005	Great location value	Stayed at this hotel from 12/9-12/13 2005. I read all the reviews on this site and I think overall they paint a pretty accurate picture of this hotel. If anything I thought it was a little better than what I was expecting. Accomodations are VERY expensive in NYC during the time we decided we wanted to go and this hotel was a great bargin. Great location, clean rooms, and I felt very safe. The rooms are small and sound noise varies depending on your room. Our rooms were on the second floor. My room was very noisy but my friend's room was very quiet. Her room was hot but mine was cold. Great water pressure in the shower. I loved that because it was COLD. Nothing like a great hot shower when you have been out in the cold all day. If you want to enjoy NYC and not your hotel room this is a great place so save some money. I would stay there again if supply and demand made other hotel's prohibitive.	
Dec 12 2005	Dissapointed!!!	I went there to celebrate my husband's birthday with my two children and they gave us two rooms but one of them had no heater. Actually, the room was extremely COLD and you can also feel a draft of air through the windows. The room was dark and HORRIBLE! As soon as we arrived my husband made a reservation to move to another hotel. We moved at 7:00 a.m. that is how bad it was that we just wanted to leave that place! I will not even put my adorable chocolate labrador in that hotel. Accomodations were just horrible!!! The beds were like sleeping in a brick floor. The people at the front desk were polite, but you need a nice hotel when you are on a vacation. I called my travel agent and complaint. I will never - never stay there. Think twice before you reserve a room there.	
Dec 2 2005	"Gem" Hotel Grand Union	I'm from HI and spent five nights at the Hotel Grand Union. I'd read all the comments about this hotel on this web site...and some of them were true. The hotel has the slowest elevator I've ever used. But the staff especially the women who cleaned the rooms were very personable. The front desk people didn't welcome us with open arms but were very helpful with suggested places to eat and visit. The hotel was very near to the subway line and that in itself was a plus. Yes, the room was small but we were there only to sleep. I must comment on the size of the shower stall...I could hardly move around without bumping the side of the walls! (And I'm 5' 115lbs.) I don't know if I'd return there but for the price and the dates that we were there it was very reasonable. We were there from Nov. 23-28th. Being from HI visiting NYC during the Thanksgiving holidays was very invigorating and an adventure. Mahalo (thank you) to the wonderful staff at Kitchen 22 who made the meal and the ambiance of Thanksgiving a memorable one for travelors who were far away from sunny Hawaii.	
Nov 28 2005	Okay for one time probably won't stay there again	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Grand Union from November 24 to November 27. While it was okay, we probably won't stay there again unless there is really nothing else available. Here is my version of the pros and cons of this hotel:Cons: -Cold room (the old radiator in the room doesn't seem to give off much heat)-Bed is too small for two people, and the covers are quite thin-They only gave us one washcloth each day-The sink is hard to use because there is a ledge that sticks out right above the basin, making it very difficult to even brush your teeth-No remote control for the TV-No clock in the room-the shower temperature is a bit hard to control, although i found it better than a lot of budget hotel showers-it is not THAT close to the subway, and it is quite far from the heart of Broadway-the one elevator available was quite slowPros- -The room was very clean and roomier than we expected-The bathroom seemed to have been recently remodeled-There was a fridge in the room, although it would have been nice if there was a microwave too-The front desk people were friendly enough, if perhaps a bit spacey-there is a room to store your luggage for free after checking out-the lobby and front room of the hotel are quite nice-There is an abundance of Korean restaurants nearby-It is about a 10- or 15-minute walk with luggage to get to Penn Station	
Nov 22 2005	great location	Four of us stayed in the Grand Union recently for four nights.Our requests were honoured in that we asked for a high floor and adjacent rooms.The hotel is in a great location,very central to all the sights and the shops.There is a subway nearby.The staff were reasonably helpful.The room was adequate size for the amount of time we spent in it which was very little.It was a base to sleep, shower and change and dump vast amounts of shopping.It was very clean and comfortable and surprisingly quieter than I imagined for New York.The linen was changed every day.When we asked for extra pillows and lighbulbs changed it was done the same day.It was reasonably priced.We would all certainly return to the Grand Union and recommend it as a base for shopping and sightseeing.	
Nov 14 2005	Thanks Trip Advisor	We love New York. I was disappointed when we could not get reservations at the Super 8 on 46th Street for Veterans Day weekend and had to look for another location. The Boston Globe had an advertisement for Riverside Hotel and Suites, but after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, we decided to keep looking. Based on the reviews in this forum, we chose the Hotel Grand Union for our seventh visit to New York this year. (we only live three hours away by car)From check in to check out, everything was great. Since we are a family of four, the quad was the way to go. My daughters were quite happy they did not have to share a bed. We were able to check in @ 11:30 am and left the car in a parking garage on the next block for $ 20.00 per night. The room was recently updated with a marble bath and nice comforters. It even had a small refrigerator!For meals in the neighborhood, we ate at the Barking Dog, Notaro, Captains Cafe, the Murray Hill Diner and New York Kom Tang. We were pleased with all of these establishments and would like to thank everyone who made recommendations. In the past we have stayed at the Marriott Marquis, the Sheraton Midtown Manhattan and the Super 8. Since so little time is spent in the room, I prefer the less expensive options. I really enjoyed the Murray Hill area neighborhood and will certainly go back again.	
Nov 9 2005 	good location and value	No matter what your financial resources NYC can sometimes manage to raise an eyebrow with a particularly outrageous price of some thing or another.Then again, if you are really savvy (or lucky) you can find real bargains and real value for many things here.In the case of hotel lodging, value is always relative to the market you're in. The Grand Union Hotel is a great value for the NYC market. My wife and I were there for 3 days on a buying trip in the garment district. Having stayed in several other hotels in the City at much higher prices and with low quality, I was searching through TripAdvisor looking for a better deal. We could have played it safe and booked at one of the well known chains or boutique hotels but what fun is that! -and unless you find a special rate their price/quality ratio is always low.Anyway, after reading the mostly favorable reviews for the Grand Union I decided to take a chance.The hotel is mostly as described. It is in a good location for touring the city(for us that is near the Garment District). The Statue of Liberty, Time Square, Macy's are all within walking distance. The room was clean and of decent size. There is a diner attached to the Lobby but they closed early (around 8pm I think) but there are plenty of other choices in the area.One problem that has been mentioned and we can confirm is the temperature regulation of the shower. Taking a shower is an adventure. The water runs from scalding hot to ice cold in a matter of seconds. Come to think of it I do recall a Spa treatment that calls for emersion in hot pools followed by cold ones so maybe this is an amenity. A minor complaint is the towels. They are very threadbear -from being washed a few times too many I suppose. Also, we were in a room on the street side. I thought that we were high enough (on the 6th floor) that the street noises would not be an issue. Wrong! If you are a light sleeper you will definately want to request a room away from the street or be prepared to be serenaded by garbage pickups at 3:30amIf it is romantic ambiance you seek, or boutique hipsterness, then this hotel will not appeal but if you need a clean, comfortable room from with to launch your explorations of this amazing city then this hotel will fit the bill.	
Nov 7 2005	Great value - right in the heart of Midtown Manhattan	My wife and I stayed in the Hotel Grand Union in October 2005 and found it to be perfect for our needs - a place to stay in between shopping, eating, drinking and sightseeing. We were a bit dubious when we saw that it was so reasonable in price for the location, but we were soon proved wrong - the hotel is clean, the staff friendly and the location perfect. 3 blocks from the Empire State, a few more to Macy's and a subway station on the corner of the block - what more do you need in NYC!!! Not too far from Penn station either - ideal for those of you flying in to Newark - just get the train to Penn station and it's only a few blocks walk (4 I think) to the hotel.The diner next door - Captain's - was fine with friendly staff and reasonable prices for breakfast.The rooms were basic enough - bed, TV (with cable and HBO), ensuite bathroom and air conditioning. The maid service was excellent - beds made every day, towels changed (you may neeed to ask for extra towels) and bathroom cleaned daily too. The lift was a bit slow, but you can use the stairs if you're in a hurry!If you're in town for shopping and don't want to spend all your money on accommodation, this is the place for you. It's not the Plaza, but it is well worth trying. I would definitely go back again and will recommend it to friends.	
Oct 26 2005	Good Experience	My husband and I just returned from a trip to NYC and we stayed at the Grand Union Hotel. We spent 5 nights there before a cruise and one night after.After reading many reviews of the hotel, I knew there were mixed feelings about the rooms. Ours (on the fourth floor) was more than expected. It had room for all our suitcases, a desk and a roomy complete bathroom. We found everything to be very clean and appreciated the fridge in the room, the air conditioner and the extensive TV channels.We booked through hotels and paid $160. CAN per night, which was one of the most reasonable rates I could find. Most of the staff was friendly and helpful.One of the biggest advantages was the location, close to Empire State Building. We walked to Macy's, and Times Square from there. Also, from the subway stop at the corner we could get almost anywhere we were headed. We did use cabs a few times, and they were reasonable. We took a city tour with New York Party Shuttle - excellent guide and good overall introduction of the sights to see/visit in New York, along with lots of history.We liked the Captain's Cafe in the hotel. We ate there for breakfasts mainly and found the food and service excellent. HOT and fast for a very reasonable price. We also picked up food and ate breakfast at The Brooklyn Bagel, two blocks from the hotel (corner of 32nd St. and Fifth Ave.) - it was good.We would definitely return to this hotel.	
Oct 15 2005	Adequate but would try somewhere else next time....	We found the hotel adequate, but not to the standards of say a Holiday Inn. The hotel staff were helpful and friendly. When we first arrived I checked out our room and I found that the bedspread was dirty and also one of the pillowcases looked uninviting. I asked the young guy on the reception desk, who immediately supplied a clean bedspead and a new pillow and pillowcase. Our bathroom had a very tiny shower cubicle, but it was OK. Our friends were lucky enough to have a larger bathroom with a full bath and shower over. Downsides.... the bedroom carpet was old and dirty / sticky (take some slippers!), our shower cubicle was extremely small, the wallpaper in the room was old and tired.Upsides..... the location was great, near to the Empire State building, the reception staff were friendly and helpful, the room rate was good (compared to other Manhattan hotels) around 125$ a night plus tax through Expedia. The maid came in every day to provide clean towels etc.If you want a clean bed and an edequate room at a budget price, this hotel fits the bills. I would however try to find an alternative for our next trip. But if all the other hotels are much more expensive, I would consider staying there again. The local New Yorkers were very friendly and chatty and they made our holiday one to remember. I felt sad when we left, which was a great surprise to me. We will definitely be returning soon, as Manhattan is a great place to visit.	
Sep 28 2005	make sure you confirm your booking	i booked this hotel by email and had a confirmation but they claimed not to have any knowledge of it. However they did have a room luckily. The rooms are very small and basic but the hotel is good value and is not in a bad position. Staff a bit abrupt.	
Sep 28 2005	Will definitely return	We stayed at the Grand Union between 12-19th September 2005. The best aspect of this hotel, in addition to the low room rate, is the location. Many NYC highlights are within reasonable walking distance e.g. Empire State Building, Macy's, Times Square. Plus, the hotel is only a minutes walk to the nearest subway (E33rd St) where a #6 took us to the attractions further a field.We had a reasonable sized room at the back of the hotel, so no view but no traffic noise either. The room was cleaned to a high standard and fresh towels left daily. If you are planning to spend your visit to NYC in your hotel room then you may wish to pay a lot more for a room with a few more facilities, but if like us, you want a safe and clean base from which to explore the city, I would highly recommend the Hotel Grand Union.We will return to this hotel.	
Sep 27 2005	Great 21st Birthday	We stayed at the Grand Union from August 27th to September 1st. It was a present for my 21st birthday. We had a wonderful time and we were not in any way dissapointed by the accomodation. The hotel was clean and the room was big enough for the two of us. We paid £500 each for the trip (including return flights) and the hotel was perfect for our budget.It was in a great location, just two blocks from the Empire state building, and just over the road from a great Deli, selling litre bottles of Corona for $3.50. There is also a great little pizza shop round the corner, highly recommend.I would definately stay at this hotel and will be recommending it to friends and family.	
Sep 21 2005	Excellent will stay again !!!	We stayed at the Grand Union at the end of March 2005 for 5 nights. Our first trip to New York, we picked the hotel after reading the reviews on TA. The hotel is in a excellent location and really good value for money.  We had to make 2 reservations (one for 2 nights &amp; one for 3 nights) through two different companies as we couldn't get 5 nights in total with the same company. I called the hotel about a week before we due to arrive to double check they had a reservation for us (after reading one review on TA about someone having problems) and to advise them that we had booked via two companies and that we would prefer the same room if possible for the duration of our stay. The polite guy on reception located the reservations straight away so I didn't need to worry about the previous review. He said he would make a request on our reservations but wouldn't be able to guarantee the same room.  On arrival at the Grand Union reception told us we would need to check with them after our 2nd night if we could have the same room again for the further 3 nights. Unfortunately we couldn't keep the same room but this wasn't a problem for us. We left our luggage in the secure left luggage room until our room was ready later in the day. We were told we were moving to nicer (recently decorated) room for the remainder of our stay. Couldn't fault the staff, they were always polite &amp; cheerful. ROOMS - Very clean and comfortable. All en-suite - no need to share a bathroomThe 1st room didn't have a lot of spare floor space, enough room at the end of the bed for 1 suitcase on the rack but our other suitcase we had by the side of the bed and one of us had to step over it. But the plus point was the bathroom was bigger than the second room. The bathroom in the first room had a bath with a shower overhead. The 2nd room had loads of floor space (by this time we had 3 large suitcases after all that shopping) and there was plenty of room and no need to step over any of them. But we found the bathroom a lot smaller with a shower cubicle only no bath. The shower cubicle is however on the small side, I was ok as I'm very small. This room was also located at the front of the hotel, 9th floor and we never found the street to be noisey at night.I will attach photos in a couple of daysHotel has free safety deposit boxes which are in the office behind reception. The hotel is in a excellent location with one of the 33rd street subway entrances a few yards away. The Empire State building was only a few minutes walk away, en-route there is a good bagel shop to get breakfast or lunch. Hope you enjoy your stay as much as we did. We will return to the Grand Union.	
Sep 17 2005	Satisfied with the Grand Union	My wife and I stayed at the Grand Union from Sept 12th to Sept 18th 2005. I am writing this review from my room at the Hotel. The front desk staff is not terribly friendly but not rude either. They tried to be helpful with my requests. I asked them when the hotel was built (I am in to New York History) and they looked at me like I had asked a weird question. No big deal, but they had no idea when the hotel was built or any of the history of it. If you look up at the side of the hotel from across the street you can see &quot;Hotel St Louis&quot; in washed out white paint. The hotel has 10 floors my room was on floor 9 on the street side. I am guessing that this brick hotel was built in 1920's or so.The Hotel room was slightly bigger than expected. I have stayed at other NYC hotels and know how small a room can be. This room had plenty of space for me and my wife. I had a desk that I could put my laptop on and used it while the wife watched cable TV with free HBO while she sat on the bed. This was during the time we were in the room. We were out around town most of the time. I tried to find a public wireless network with my laptop and did locate a few but the signal strength was to low to be much use. So I used my Cingular PCMCIA Edge card in my laptop and it worked great the whole week. Nice to have the Internet available. The laptop is my work laptop and my company provides the Cingular Edge card. The card connects my laptop to the Cingular cell tower. The account is set for unlimited use with no roaming charge ( I live in Seattle) the charge is about 70 per month. I was getting 144 k downloads and 92 k uploads from the hotel room.They do have two or three computers off the hotel lobby they use as Internet pay terminals. 2 dollars for 10 minutes or you can buy minutes in bulk for cheaper. I like my alternative better.Two ample dressers for our clothes. One dresser was built in to the furniture for the TV. A clothes rack to hang clothes from and a small fridge in the room. There was no safe in the room to put the laptop in while I was out. I put the laptop in the dresser under clothes and did not have a problem, although I did worry a bit.The room was cleaned daily by the maids, Polish women who were obviously immigrants. They were friendlier than the front desk staff. I asked what language they were speaking and they told me Polish, they also can speak Russian and English.. Even the maintenance man was a Polish speaker.While the room was large enough the bathroom was quite small… but clean. We did have problems adjusting the temperature of the shower water. The hot and cold knobs were reversed and it took several minutes to get the right temp to take a shower.The weather was warm during our stay and we used the window mounted air conditioning unit almost all night every night. When we did turn off the air con we could hear loud trucks from the street every night picking up garbage I think or it could have been noise from the Federal express terminal located at the corner. With the air con going the noise was not a problem. Again we were on the street side of the hotel. If your stay was during cold weather you would be using the window mounted unit for heat.Two blocks from the Empire State Building in a regular Mid Town neighborhood with Deli’s, Wendy’s, MacDonald’s, souvenir stores, ethnic food and office buildings. The one elevator takes some patience. It services the ten floors all by it's self and you may have to wait three or four minutes during peak times.Number 6 Lexington Ave train at 33rd Street right at the corner. Easy trip to Canal street, or upper East side Museum district. First stop towards uptown is Grand Central, from there you can go anywhere. I did walk back to the Hotel from Times Square it took just under 20 minutes.This was my wife’s first trip to New York and she asked me why didn’t you make reservations at the Holiday Inn or something ? I told her that we paid 140 a night for this hotel. A Holiday Inn type hotel she was thinking about in NYC would cost us at least double. She is a West coast person who does not totally appreciate New York.If you are looking for a bargain hotel in NYC and 140 to 160 a night is a bargain then this hotel will work for you. If you want a Holiday Inn experience the Grand Union will disappoint.I was satisfied and quite comfortable at the Grand Union. My wife would of preferred a more expensive hotel. I believe we could of paid more but got less.	
Aug 16 2005	TAKE A PRINT-OUT OF YOUR RESERVATION CONFIRMATION!	They were not aware that we had switched our reservations online from two nights to one. They reluctantly canceled the first night, but seemed hesitant to do so, as if they wanted to charge us for it. They came off as if they did not have a room for us at all, so REMEMBER to take a print-out of your confirmation! The staff could have been friendlier...they were kind of just like, ok, we have a room for you. They wouldn't let us check in early, which is understandable, but I think it's only because they didn't have a room reserved for us because of the change we made. On the plus side, they did let us store our luggage that morning before check-in AND on our last day while we went to a Yankees game. (However, there is NO SECURITY for the luggage room--I had my friend walk back to the hotel without me to get our things, and he basically just walked in and picked up my bookbag which has my female name stitched on the back of it, and no one questioned him!)Overall, I have stayed at hotels where the staff was much more friendly and accomodating. If I said &quot;thank you,&quot; I got no response--that is how rude they came off. Maybe we only stayed one night, but that one night was $150, and while the bathroom was pretty nice (marble), the room appeared MUCH MUCH bigger online. It was about the size of a typical freshman dorm room.... maybe even smaller in some cases. Plus, the bed was HARD AS A ROCK..anyone who considers those beds &quot;comfortable&quot; must normally sleep on a hardwood floor! True, for a budget hotel, you should consider that you won't have the best amenities, but a nice comfortable bed to rest on at night isn't asking too much! Also, you are better off taking the stairs as it is undoubtedly a quicker option. Oh, and there is no hair dryer in the room, as stated on the hotel's list of amenities. I would recommend this hotel for those whoA) Are not staying longer than one or two nights, because your back will start to hurt after that from the bed, and the rooms are uncomfortably smallB) are as equally unfriendly or who do not mind an unfriendly staffC) Only for those who have documentation to support that they indeed have a reservation.D) For those who are on an EXTREME budget. I mean, eh, for a private bathroom in NYC, it's pretty cheap...you just have to be willing to suffer through the other inconveniences.	
Aug 10 2005	Exactly what I was looking for	If you are traveling on a budget but want to stay in midtown Manhattan, this is the perfect hotel.My girlfriend and I stayed at the Grand Union for five nights. It was a great location for sightseeing, right next to a subway stop and two blocks from the Empire State building. The room was clean and comfortable, and the bathroom was suprisingly modern with what looked like an almost brand new tub and sink. It was also very quiet at night. This is not the right hotel for those looking to stay in the lap of luxury. As others have reported here, there is no iron in the room and no hair dryer. The rooms are small and our window faced an empty alley. But if you are like us, you'll spend most of your time out exploring the city and will only return to the room for sleep and to clean up.For the price, this hotel can't be beat.	
Jul 28 2005	Great for the price!	My boyfriend and I booked the Grand Union over the internet, and so were a little uneasy about what we might find. To our relief, the hotel was exactly what we needed in the price range we had to work with.The lobby is inviting, and our room was a decent size. It had a newer air conditioner which was GREAT in the 96 degree heat. The bathroom was a little dark, but it was clean. We really liked this hotel, and found the front desk staff to be very helpful. They gave us information on everything we asked for and they were always friendly.This hotel is not fancy and it's not glamorous, but we weren't planning to spend our vacation in our room. This was a safe, comfortable place to come back to at the end of a day of walking and sight-seeing. I'd stay here again, and I'd recommend it to friends.	
Jul 6 2005	Accident prone bathroom and no basic amenities	We were in NY only for 2 nights and as a last minute booking frenzy booked a room with this hotel. As soon as we got there we saw customers having a bad time with the staff as they charged with for calls they never availed.When we entered our room , it was a rude shock as it was like a pigeon hole ! To top this there is no hairdryer or even any facility to iron your clothes..The carpet was worse but wait till you read this....The bathroom is so bad that my husband almost broke his leg by slipping on the greasy tiles.... also the toilet does not flush you have to manually pour water in the tank sometimes .. I would never get back to this hotel.. Its just not worth the money and you personal safety!	
Jun 30 2005	Excellent Deal	I found this hotel using travelaxe, checked the reviews on tripadvisor, and pulled the trigger. We stayed four nights at the Grand Union at an amazingly low price of $520. This was our fourth trip to New York and our fourth hotel. I have paid $200 a night for a national chain hotel in the past, never again. The Grand Union is the best hotel for the money in New York. The hotel is very clean and the bathroom was spotless. The majority of hotels in this price range in New York are very small and only offer a shared bath. We stayed on the sixth floor and didn't have one problem with noise the entire trip. The airconditioner kept the room cool and comfortable. The mini fridge came in handy. You are less than 30 yards from the subway stop. We walked back to the hotel after 1am almost every night, the neighborhood is safe. You cannot beat the location, Herald square is a 5 minute walk from the Grand Union, a 24 hour drug store less than a 2 minute walk, and plenty of places to eat. Those that have given this hotel a bad review must have expected a door man and a mint on their pillow every night, not for less than $150 a night in New York. We wanted a place to sleep and take a shower, we didn't spend more than 8 hours a day in the hotel, we came to see the city, not look at the four walls of a hotel room or watch television. Don't waste your money on a national chain hotel, stay at the Grand Union, you will not regret it.	
Jun 30 2005	Excellent for the price!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Grand Union for 6 nights in June and found no fault in it at all. We were on quite a tight budget so did not want to spend too much on a hotel. After reading the other reviews on Trip Advisor we decided on the Grand Union and were glad that we did.The hotel room was larger than we expected, extremely clean and quiet. The staff were not over friendly but certainly not rude! There was a fridge in the room which was useful and reception provided me with a hairdryer for free on request. The internet access was good. The hotel also stored our luggage on the final day at no extra cost. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone on a budget.The only thing I would have to say was not so good was the food at the diner attached to the hotel. We ate breakfast there once and were not very impressed.	
Jun 28 2005	Great location/price/service	Just returned from a five-day stay at the Grand Union Hotel. Besides the great price, it's a lovely hotel. Yes, our room (one double bed) was small, BUT this is New York after all. Although, getting a glimpse into a room that would hold a family, it looked quite large. The room was clean and more than functional. Front desk personnel were very accomodating. The location is phenomenal. Central to everything - shopping, restaurants, cafes. This is the hotel for you if you'd rather spend your hard-earned money on shopping, eating, and roaming the streets of New York. This hotel is NOT for you if you want room service, ice machines, valet parking and men that will carry your luggage for you. We (two women who love to shop and visit restaurants) loved the hotel and will stay here again!	
Jun 28 2005	Can't beat it for the money	First of all let's talk location. It's next to 33rd St subway which is one stop to Grand Central and takes you downtown to Little Italy &amp; Chinatown without changing lines. It is two blocks from the Empire State. There are good delis and the usually selection of restaurants (although you have to look harder for them). You are also right next to Madison. The area was clean and safe considering this is NYC!The staff seem to be part of the same extended family and don't have English as their first language but, again, this is NYC. I always found them courteous and well organised. There is a good breakfast place next door, internet available, soft seating, a restroom and luggage room downstairs.The rooms are bigger than I expected and are comparable to your average European hotel room. The air con wasn't that effective but at least it was there!In short I'd recommend this place. You won't find better for the money.	
Jun 15 2005	Great Location Good Hotel	I was on a budget for my trip to NY with my girlfriend and from all the reviews that I read from tripadvisor I decided to chose this hotel as overall this hotel seemed a good chose. We spent 4 nights at the Grand Union Hotel and I couldn't of got a better place to stay for my first trip to New York. The location is great and its so close to the Empire State and Macy's and also walking distance to Times square. The Hotel was clean and the rooms were of a good size. There is a great cafe next to the Hotel where we went virtually every morning as in my opinion there was not a nicer place to have breakfast, as everyone was friendly and the food was good.I would visit this Hotel again as its value for money and then you have more money to spend. Its an ideal place to stay if your on a budget and not planning to spend too much time in the Hotel.	
Jun 14 2005	Never again	I know one thing for sure I'll never stay another night in that hotel. I was given a room which must have been a broom closet before, there was NO DAYLIGHT at all, a warm water pipe, which was hardly isolated going right through the room made the whole room feel like a sauna, it also smelled bad and the room was all in all pretty seedy. Furthermore the staff was unfriendly and not helpful at all when asked for advice.	
Jun 14 2005	Cheap but VERY unfriendly!	I've stayed in a handful of hotels in New York and know what to expect, typically New York hotels are expensive and the rooms small, and to a certain extent the Grand Union is quite typical. Rooms are small as expected, but what surprised me was the attitude of the staff, constantly moody and in one instance just downright rude. I asked if they had an iron for guests to use and was faced with a total look of disgust from the guy behind the desk, as if I'd asked him something obscene! So guess what, no irons here, or hairdryers. Oh yeah, and the beds squeak like hell and are tiny. I spent 5 nights here, and then 1 night at the New Yorker which was glorious. So for a few quid more, try elsewhere!	
Jun 4 2005	Great for the price!	I think the Grand Union Hotel is great for the price. It may not be the fanciest or biggest hotel but it is clean and in a good location. If your looking for a hotel and don’t want to spend big bucks then this is the place for you. Save your money for Macy’s.	
May 31 2005	Best deal very good location lovely hotel	Compared to the many other Hotels in N.Y. - and especially on Manhatten, This must be the hotel with the best location - and the price taken into considereation you get some of the best rooms (the best value for money). You won't get swimming pools, parkview or skyline.. but to get something like that in Manhatten you will have to pay 10 times more than this hotel. If you are in new york to stay in a comfortable hotel and want to spend all your money on hotels, go somewhere else... BUT if you just want a nice CLEAN room, Incredible service and great location - THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE. We stayed for a week, and were very pleased... we will stay there again next time... Oh, and when you do go there.. the dinere locatede next to lobby is excelent for breakfast before heading up to Empire State, Macys or any of the other &quot;attractations&quot; - right there next to the Hotel.	
May 31 2005	Great and clean	Nice price and just a minute to the most tourist place around.Clean room (but small) and very nice staff.Our room to the backyard was silent.Smart reservation by internet for us Swedish folks..No breakfast...sorry.	
May 24 2005	Excellent for Budget	The Grand Union Hotel isn't perfect, but we couldn't have been in at better place during the last 10 days. The price is for that location more than good and what the most important thing is: The rooms we had have been really clean. The stuff was friendly and helped us when there was a problem. I will come back and recommand it to friends.	
May 16 2005	ideal for people on a budget	Just got back from NY after spendings 5 nights at the Grand Union, Cheap, Clean and resonably well situated, Its not the Sheraton!! but if you are travelling on a budget its perfect !! The rooms were serviced every day by very friendly staff! a tad small but you dont really spend that much time in them, enjoyed my time there! but if I was going back would probably go a bit more upmarket. if eating out head to w46th St between Eight and Nineth avenue You will find a Brazilian restaurant called Brazil Brazil. The food is excellent and good value for money all you can eat for $22.95 veggies dont bother its all meat!! ( bbq on skewers served to your table) it was so good we went twice !!	
May 5 2005	Recent visit	Well located, between Park and Madison Avenues, two blocks down from Empire State Building, good for access to all parts of the city. 33rd Street Metro entrance within a 100 yards. Room adequate without being overlarge (not a major issue for anyone planning to spend time out and about sightseeing), bathroom good, plenty of hot water, clean towels everyday. Late April was cold on occasions and central heating was not effective - but our friends located in a room at the back of the hotel found it too hot and asked to be moved. Our room at the front of the hotel suffered from street noise in the early hours - never established if it was the refuse collectors or deliveries to the Fed-Ex depot a couple of doors down the street - but it was very loud. Cafe attached to the hotel served reasonable breakfasts, though we gravitated to the Brooklyn Bagel a little further away. Minus point was absence of tea/coffee making facilities in the room. Staff accommodating without being overfriendly - not an issue. New lounge opened while we were there - if they ever install a bar it would be perfect.	
Apr 30 2005	Superb!	Thoroughly enjoyed our small, slightly outdated, no view, room in the Grand Union. What's the point of a hotel room? In my case somewhere to sleep or recover from what's going on outside... 5th Avenue and the Empire State building just a stone's throw away, subway about half a block (if you walk in the right direction!), we found a couple of great restaurants less than 5 minutes away and the diner 'in' the hotel wasn't too bad either.Great being able to get online from the lounge in the hotel too.We'd certainly go back if looking for another cheap hotel break in New York.	
Apr 30 2005	Unexpectedly seedy	In the past I'd stayed at hotels rated at 2 stars that were actually OK -- clean, no frills -- but I was surprised to find this hotel to be downright seedy. First forewarning: Upon check in, the clerk handed me a TV remote control (??), which I was told I needed to return at checkout (? Who on earth steals a remote control?). I don't mind a small room, but this was very crammed together, barely big enough for the bed. It was dusty smelling. The TV console was against the wall next to the door, so to view you'd be sitting on floor in front of bathroom door. Heat was on full blast and it was sweltering....I removed the creaky, very dusty panel on top of radiator &amp; was able to turn it off. Then went into bathroom and was greeted by a lovely centipede in tub, and there was dust on windowsill. Faucets in sink dispensed low pressure water. Also, even though these were not things I needed, there were listed amenities that were not in the room: alarm clock (none), hair dryer (none), data/modem connection (none). Last but not least, when checking out I was not given a receipt, and when I asked for one was told that the 'internet people are responsible for that' -- I'd booked online. This was definitely a first. Sadly, after this experience I'm no longer willing to risk anything rated less than 3 stars....	
Apr 28 2005	Good value	I am a frequent visitor to NYC, and generally stay in budget hotels.I was fortunate to get a room here at the last minute, after having read the generally positive reviews on this site. I was generally satisfied with my accomodation, and saved over over $40/night compared to what I had originally booked for a smaller room at a similar-class hotel in the same neighbourhood. As previous guests have noted, the hotel has very recently been refurbished. The carpeting and furniture appeared fairly new. The carpeting in particular was probably installed within the last month. Unfortunately, it already had some cigarette burns. That's not the fault of the hotel of course, but the availability of non-smoking rooms would help. (Despite the sign in the lobby re a non-smoking environment, I was advised that no rooms have been designated non-smoking). My room did not have a smoke smell, except on two occasions when I did smell smoke from neighbouring rooms. The bed was comfortable and the housekeeping excellent...very friendly and cooperative. (Remember to leave a tip for good service!). The new TV functioned well, and had HBO (not that I used it very much).Having a fridge in the room was a definite plus, and something that usually is only available in similar class (2*) hotels in NYC for an extra fee. Hairdryers are available at the desk.I did not need to use the A/C when I was there. (The unit in the window appeared quite old). The nights were chilly and I could have used stronger heat. It probably was sufficient for most though.The location was convenient...close to a subway stop, and Fifth Avenue.All in all, I would strongly recommend this hotel if budget accomodation is what you're looking for and the absence of non-smoking rooms is not an issue for you. If the hotel maintains the property well, it should continue to be a good choice.	
Apr 26 2005	perfect for a base..	I booked this hotel over the web, and the price was just what we wanted for my wife and I to stay for 3 days in NYC.... about £35 per night for a double room.The quality, location and value? well you don't really know until you've been there.All I can say is that if you are not pre-occupied with modern decor and fawning staff, then you can not do better than this hotel if you want a comfortable and safe base in a hotel that is in the shadow of the Empire State and a stonesthrow from 5th Avenue.The bed was comfortable, everything worked and the room was clean and small, with an old fashioned look to it.For value and location.... 10/10Not a place for snobs.NYC itself??..... second only to London Town!!	
Apr 24 2005	You get what you pay for	The room was dark and dingy. One of the lights didn't work, the A/C didn't work, so we were sweaty and sticky every night. There was a dead cockroach lying in the florescent light fixture overhead. The bed comforter was gross and scary.The price and location were good, the staff was nice, but we would have paid a little more for better quality. I would not stay there again.	
Apr 19 2005 	Quiet clean 	For this price, I was a little anxious about what I was getting myself into... I could not afford a plan B so I made the reservation and hoped for the best! After staying there for nearly a week, I'm now pleased to report that the Grand Union is very clean, quiet and a great value for the money. Though I didn't realize it at the time, it's also quite conveniently located -- anything mid-town is walkable and it's just a short way to Penn Station where you can catch just about any train. Don't be scared, give it a try!	
Apr 17 2005	Great Find	Have been to the &quot;grand onion&quot; as my son calls it, twice. Once with one kid, the second time with two kids. Both stays were great. The first time the room was quite small and oddly shaped .. little alcove with a fridge. We were one the second floor and our window overlooked the airshaft, kind of ugly, so we kept the curtain closed. Nice bathroom with pretty tile everywhere. Was perfect for our trip. The second time we got a huge room, with two twins and a double bed. Cost a bit more than the first room, maybe 30 bucks more. It was so worth it to have so much space .. really two connected rooms with a wide opening between, and the nice bath with the same pretty tile. Yes, the elevator is the slowest one on the planet I agree, but that's ok .. we hoofed it alot up &amp; down the stairs. We liked the diner next door and went there for breakfast a lot, eggs, french toast etc. basic and just fine, really nice folks work there. We take the train to NY so it's perfect to walk from Penn Station right to the hotel. We ride the bus a lot when we're there (the kids like the subway but I want to see everything I can whenever I'm in NY .. guess who wins those discussions :) . all transportation is convenient. and coming up to it from the outside, I just think its a lovely building, a little gem, welcoming me!	
Apr 13 2005	Great location 	We booked our six nights through Hotels. The check-in was quick and easy. The room was very small and hot when we first arrived. Luckily, there are (noisy) air-conditioners installed in every room, so the temperature was quickly fixed. The rooms are very clean and very tiny. Bed was very comfortable. Our biggest complaint comes from a incident that happened on the third day at 7 AM. We were still asleep when we woke up in the sound of water splashing on our bathroom floor. I found out the water was coming from upstairs through the ceiling. The water stank bad and sure enough I called the reception right away. They promised to fix the problem ASAP and they surely fixed the leakage quickly, but nobody ever came to clean up the mess in our bathroom (even though they said the problem was fixed). So, a big negative remark for the service in this situation. Also, we never saw any of the receptionists smiling during our stay, so it was not the most pleasant customer service experience altogether. The rooms are clean (unless you count the bad smelling water pouring from upstairs) and the location is great, less than 50 meters from a metro stop and 100 meters from Empire State building. There is a low-cost internet connection in the lobby. The rooms have fridges which is nice. Our room was quiet which meant it had a lousy view. I would'n go there a second time because of lack of smiles and poor reaction to the aforementioned problem situation. If you have the money, go to a &quot;real&quot; hotel.	
Apr 1 2005	Great Location safe neighborhood comfortable bed	I just returned from a stay at the Grand Union with my teenage daughter. The reviews helped me make a decision after much research! I did not want to spend $300 per night for our Spring Break shopping trip for a room where we were only going to sleep. We were gone from 8am to 11pm every day and had a blast in NYC!I usually stay in 4 star hotels or higher for business and travel. I have stayed at the Essex house in NYC for several stays and really loved it...but I was not on &quot;my coin&quot; for those business trips. I have also stayed in several low or lower cost hotels in NYC (like the Milford plaza). Rooms in NYC, in lower priced hotels, in particular tend to be small and noisey (in my experience).I was looking to spend $150 or less in NYC for this trip and I found a room at the Grand Union within the budget (130.00 plus tax). I was very pleased with the stay in all ways except one. TThe pictures of the hotel are very accurate. The lobby was very clean and inviting. The neighborhood was fantastic for two women to walk around in and feel safe. We were a $6.00 cab ride from 5th Avenue shops or Time Square and could easily go anywhere because the subways were just steps away. We took the subway, except late at night. We were just blocks from Macy's at Herald Square (much better than Bloomies if you ask us). There are tons of placed to get great food at great prices within walking distance. The desk folks were not warm, but were polite and curtious. The room was dark, poorly lit, and small, (but larger than some I have had in NYC) but we had plenty of room for our suit cases and shopping finds. The bed was very comfortable and bedding crisp and clean (better than my last ski trip Holiday Inn stay as a matter of fact). The room was very quiet. We never heard any neighbors and only heard the garbage trucks occationally. The shower worked fine with nice hot water and the bathroom was very clean with ample towels. We had a fridge. Like other reviewers said bring a hair dryer and alarm clock. The furnishings were actually better than I expected, but nothing fancy. My only complaint was the carpet in our room. It was VERY dirty and worn. I wore shoes as I walked around the room. So, all in all, I give this place a thumbs up and would probably stay again (and bring flip flops to wear as I walked around the room). I definately would recommend the Murry Hill Neighborhood vs the noise of Times Square. Yes, the room was over priced by many standards (especially for a two star hotel), but for NYC, I was please to have more spending money in my pocket thanks to staying at the Grand Union. PS We bought tickets for the Empire State Building that we could never use because the lines were too long-advance tickets did not get us in a shorter line. FYI, -don't bother to buy them ahead of time.	
Mar 30 2005	Just superb	Small (90 room) hotel and solid built. Lots of upgrading going on while we were there (quietly). Good room - yes on the small side and with a 4'6'' double bed - but hey - we were there for my wifes 50th birthday - made our holiday, being that close together :) Clean, loads of towels, hot water, great front of house service - as was housekeeping (we were there 3 nights). Location cannot be beaten for this price. Free safety deposit box. Helpful advice on where to go and how to get there. Little diner next to hotel - didnt fancy it one bit - just didnt look that clean and had a very restricted menu - but that isnt the hotels fault.5 minute walk to Empire State building - just off 5th Avenue (SHOPPING). Bout a 10/15 minute walk to Macey's (SHOPPING) - get the '6' train (just round the corner) to Greenwich village, Canal St, Little Italy, China Town, Battery Park and the Statten Island ferry ( which is FREE) Give this hotel a go - well worth it.	
Mar 30 2005	Excellent!!	My wife and I stayed for three days. Very clean room and lobby. It was very functional and the price was quite a steal for the location, easy access to subway, safety, and central location for site-seeing. There was always hot water and the staff helped us locate a car service. Excellent deli on the corner Brookly Bagel Cafe and just blocks from the Empire State building. It is a no-frills hotel, but outstanding for budget minded.	
Mar 22 2005	overpriced	Rooms extremely small. Appeared to be an updated version of a hostel. I requested a non-smoking room and of course I got all the smoke I didnt want and then some. It appeared as if they squeezed the bed and the armoire into the room. Just enough room to walk around the bed. A lot of transients around. Would not recommend unless the rooms were priced below $100.00	
Mar 11 2005	You get what you pay for	We booked a room in September 2004 at the Grand Union Hotel for 7 nights. I originally booked online, but then found out that if I called the hotel directly, I could get the 7th nite free. I called the hotel and they verified this, but reminded me to make sure I cancelled my online reservation so that I did not have two reservations. After a 5 1/2 hour flight which arrived in the late evening we made our way from Penn Station to the Grand Union, only to find out they had no reservation for us. The young man at he desk just kept repeating to me that we had cancelled our reservations and that the hotel was full. I was almost in tears, as I had booked this hotel 3 months previous and had no idea where I would even start looking for another place to stay within the same budget. Finally I remembered I had a piece of paper in my luggage to prove the reservation had been made, so the desk clerk finally gave in and told me that he did have one room left for emergency situations, but only for one nite, as the hotel was booked solid for the following nite. I was steaming by that point and headed up the slowest elevator I have ever been on to the top floor of the hotel to a grungy little room in the back of the building. The next morning I was up bright and early to talk to the manager at the front desk. He was much more accomodating than the young man I had dealt with the previous nite and told me not to worry, they would let us honor our reservation. We did end up staying there for the rest of our trip, but the whole ordeal left a bad taste in my mouth. For a New York budget hotel, I would take the Super 8 Times Square over the Grand Union anyday!	
Mar 5 2005	A fantastic location	My Girlfriend and I arrived back from NYC two days ago. Grand Union is a good, clean hotel in an excellent location. The hotel is less than a two minute walk from the Empire State Building, five minutes from Macy's and less than 30 seconds away from 32nd Street Subway station which runs the full length of Manhattan.The room, whilst small, was very comfortable and warm and was fully serviced each day. The room had a television and telephone. There was no hairdryer but these can be obtained for free from reception. In addition, the reception area also holds safety deposit boxes for free use by guests.The hotel also arranges cars to the airports. The Grand Union to Newark Airport cost $55 plus tolls and the car which arrived was a brand new air conditioned Lincon, a big change from a dirty New York City cab.I throughly recommend the hotel to anybody visiting Manhattan, in fact, we liked it so much that we are booking again for September to stay in the Grand Union	
Mar 3 2005	Excellent base for NY visit	Stayed for three nights last weekend, and hotel has all basic requirements for an NY stay. An older hotel, room quite small but very clean - just right for a few nights in the city. Staff very helpful and polite, rates excellent for a 32nd St location. Would definitely recommend to friends.	
Mar 1 2005	Consider the Cost	The Grand Union Hotel is terrific considering the reasonable price. The rooms are small, the bathrooms are quite nice and the location is central. The only problem... the room was very warm, but you can turn the heat off and open the windows. It is New York City if you do not need to spend a great deal of time in your room (if you do you should reconsider your choice of trip) and want to save a money it is a good choice.	
Feb 27 2005	Loved the Grand Union	Stayed here in January 2005. Room was small but very clean. No view- but who cares- go outside. Close enough to everything. Elevator. Excellent, reasonably priced diner right in the hotel. Our room was a triple for $120. plus taxes. Parking in a garage up the street (about $25.00 a day). Stored our luggage on our last day for no fee. I would definately stay here again.	
Feb 26 2005	Pretty Good	I thought the hotel was pretty good. The Desk clerks that i saw were pretty good looking. They were nice and pleasent. The room was clean, but there was no view at all. What was seen outside the window was nothing. the room was extremely small, but was good if you only wanted a place to sleep and freshen up. the hotel is off 5th ave, by the empire state building. It was close to the Big Macy's and also to Rockefeller center and central park, if you didnt mind the walking. This hotel was pleasent to stay	
Feb 24 2005	Warm clean and so central!	We stayed at the Grand Union hotel from 18-22 February 2005 and thought it was just perfect. Our room was really warm and the shower was always hot. The hotel was very clean and our double room was a reasonable size, with a very comfortable bed! There's an alarm clock on the TV and internet access downstairs. Our room backed onto a brick wall, so we had no view but hey, who wants to go to New York to look out of a window?! Plus side was it was very quiet, with no traffic or noise from outside. Downside was we didn't know there was 4 inches of snow until we walked out the front door - magical surprise!Amazing location, you can walk to several tourist spots, or take the subway at the end of the road. We got really into taking the bus - try taking any that go uptown or downtown on Park Avenue, brilliant for seeing more. Try Brooklyn Bagel Cafe on 32nd and 5th Ave for snacks/bagels/flavoured coffee/hot food. Pershings Cafe (on 42nd opposite Grand Central Terminal) does amazing breakfasts - pricier but infinitely better than those at the cheap cafe beside the hotel.	
Feb 23 2005	That's no lady that's my roach!	I stayed at the Grand Union for 6 nights mid January 2005.On checking in I noticed a cockroach crawling over my bag. I complained to the desk manager and he advised that it was not one of theirs and that I must have brought it in with me. Now I didn't knowingly bring a roach along for the ride, but who knows, it's possible - I didn't see any other insects during my stay.The room was small but reasonably clean, grubby under the bed (I was checking for roaches) - but perhaps it's grubby under most hotel beds, I don't usually look.Overall this was a pretty good deal - it's a good location for say a stroll to the Empire State building and the very local subway gets you up and down the eastside and on to connecting lines with ease. There are three internet terminals in the lobby - there is a charge for these but they are fast, handy and not exorbitant for checking e-mails. East 32nd street has some good Korean restaurants - I recommend Don's Bo Gam at no. 17 which has a modern but cosy bar on entering and good food in the restaurant beyond. It's friendly and relaxing and very close to the Grand Union.	
Feb 16 2005	Perfect in every way	What a location, my boyfriend and myself moved here on our 3rd day in New York.Staying there from the 3-7th Feb - Four nights in total.We didn't relise it was so central and convieniant for our trip, which was mainly all hot spots in the city. Its justs a few blocks from the empire State and pretty close to Times Square etc.... Prefect for a tourist holiday! The rooms were also very very clean and nice and cosy. I slept like a log every night no noice or nothing which i was surprised about!! All in all the Hotel was very nice and we enjoyed our stay.....	
Feb 14 2005	Fab hotel	Just got back from grand union, fab hotel, great value. We stayed in a double room, room was larger than I expected with room for a table and chairs as well as bed, wardrobe &amp; tv. The room was really clean, warm and cosy. It was quiet and the bed was extremely comfortable. I would definitley recomend!!! 	
Feb 13 2005	Excellent location a decent hotel	I stayed there from 3rd Feb 2005 for 5 nights. Location was excellent, 33rd street subway station right by its door step. It's one stop from Grand Central. Hotel itself is a few minutes' walk from the Empire State Building. It has an excellent internet service, so I can always check e-mails. Heating on the other hand wasn't always reliable. But I guess if you go in spring time or in the summer it won't matter. Shower's always hot. Staff at the Cafe were friendly, good breakfast menu. 	
Feb 8 2005	A few tips	We stayed at the Grand Union for ten days. It is clean, friendly and a wonderful value, but I suggest that if you want a coffeemaker, or an iron - bring one or plan on buying an inexpensive one for your stay. Hair dryers are at the front desk, upon request.  We loved how quiet the hotel is, especially if you get a room near the back.  There is a great place for a quick, inexpensive meal at the corner of 31st and 6th: Fresh juices, organic meats, bagels, muffins, open 5 am to midnight. 	
Feb 1 2005	great base for a short visit to NY	My wife and I stayed in the Grand Union for 3 nights last week on a short break in New York. We were on a sightseeing/shopping trip and our only requirements were a central location in a safe area as we not planning to spend much time in the hotel.We stayed during the snowy spell and the room was always warm with plenty of hot water.The only noise i heard during our stay was a humming noise from the fridge which I sorted by plugging it out.OK The rooms are small and basic but room and bathroom were very clean.Overall if like us, you are looking for a base, i could not fault the Grand Union	
Jan 28 2005	Cheap clean and cheerful but no thrills! A few issues..	OK I'm from England and I have stayed in many US hotels, although none in NYC. I was surprised that a &lt;$100 hotel would be so comfortable, the double room, whilst small, was perfectly fine for myself and partner and we both slept well every night (5 in total).Pros- Cheap, very cheap only beaten by some hotels offering no ensuite- Great location, close to all the amenities, just 2 blocks from the Empire State and less than a 10 minute walk to Penn station, I cannot stress how great the location was!!- Very helpful staff, they assisted with booking a cab to JFK, giving advice on postal costs to the UK AND, above the call of duty I felt, actually offered to post my postcard back because I was running late!!!- It was clean and the service was very efficient- Fridge in the room!Cons- We were on the 3rd floor and the shower was very variable in temperature, some days it would be fine the next it would go hot and cold all the time and it was hard to have one. I have to stress that there was always hot water and baths were always possible. It seemed to be a toilet flushing in another room causing it.- Walls were very thin and you could hear other rooms, especially a noisey neighbour who seemed to have a lot of guests.- As other reviews state there is no alarm clock or clock at all in fact but you can book a wake up call through reception. No clock but did have a fridge... go figure that!All in all I would be more than happy to recommend this hotel to anyone, the plus points more than out weigh the gripes and all the cons are just minor niggles, even the shower was bearable, more annoying than anything else.	
Jan 11 2005	Good price clean friendly staff great location	We were very pleased with the room and the service, especially given the very low price (about $100 US). They were kind enough to give us a room with a bit of a view of the Empire State Building when we asked for it. It is only about 2 blocks away. Also, they were very accommodating when we needed to leave our luggage in their luggage room a week AFTER our stay there (when our cruise ended and before our flight home). This gave us a chance to explore New York for a few more hours. The rating reflects the value for the location and the exemplary service. We would also recommend eating at The Barking Dog, a few blocks away.	
Jan 6 2005	Great Place for the Price	I stayed there with two friends last November. We requested and recieved a Quad wihch had 2 twin beds and 1 queen bed. This way we all had our own place. The room was good size and clean which when you consider what we paid was excellent. The part of town is good. It's close to the #6 line so you can go anywhere with ease. It was a good experience and I'd stay there again. Noise was only an issue on Friday afternoon they were working on something behind the hotel and there was a lot of Banging going on. Easily fixed I was in NYC why would I be in my room anyway. Oh and there was a mini fridge in the room which came in handy.	
Jan 5 2005	Good for a one or two night's stay...but that's it.	It was a pretty clean, yet small, single bed room. However, no tissues or a clock were present, nor available. The third floor promises a bit of a difficult night's sleep because the room's thin walls and/or windows do not block the city noise. The shower changed temperature with every flush of someone else's toilet...that was a bit of an adventure. Furthermore, the shower pressure was that of a kinked garden hose. All in all, I paid $107 for one night and I suppose I would return (hoping that not all the showers have issues, since that was my biggest gripe). In summary, this is the place to stay if you're just too tired to take the LIRR home or have come from upstate NY via Amtrak b/c its a straight three block walk to and from Penn Station.	
Dec 22 2004	Good safe hotel	I just came back from a weekend in New York staying at the Grand Union. I initially chose it because the deal was so good (about $110 a night) and other reviewers said great things. Well, they were right. The room was small (about three feet on each side of the bed to the wall, and four feet in front to the TV armoire), but the bathroom was a decent size and looked like it had been remodeled the week before. Plus, everything was spotless and the hotel was very quiet.For that price, you can't expect the amentities that you would at a larger hotel, and they were lacking on a few things-- first, no clock (but I think you can get a wakeup call); second, there was only one elevator and it was slow (there are 9 floors); third, the service was friendly, but not very helpful when it came to advice about the city, especially transportation. However, it was a pleasant surprise to have a mini-fridge in the room, since I've stayed at much nicer hotels that didn't have one.The convenience is unmatched. How much time will you really be in your room anyway? It is close to several subway lines, Herald Square, the Empire State Building, etc. Also, there is a lot of cheap food near the hotel for breakfast or 24 hour places for late night snacks (hot and cold bars and deli sandwiches-- try Brooklyn Bagel for 24 hour stuff at 32nd and 5th-- 1 1/2 blocks west), so you can save money for other meals and activities. Good, safe neighborhood; good, safe hotel.	
Dec 19 2004	Go Grand Union!	I stayed here for a night with my boyfriend in December and I was pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and size of our room. The bathroom was very clean and the shower water was hot. The hotel is in an excellent location -- very close to the subway stop. I would definitely recommend this hotel to travelers on a budget. It far exceeded my expectations.	
Dec 18 2004	Pleasant Stay	We stayed for 5 days in December and were pleased with the hotel. I would recommend for anyone looking to stay in the heart of midtown for a reasonable price. Our room was only $110/night, but all around us ranged $200 - 800/night. The room is smaller than a college dorm and there are no aminities (ie iron), but you have a private bathroom (other discount hotels in area have communal) and it is very clean. Great location for walking to distinations, and the green line is within 1/2 block. Go see the off-broadway show Slava's Snow Show.	
Dec 9 2004	Nice hotel and excellent location	I found this hotel from tripadvisor. The rate is very cheap. The hotel is very nice. The room is clean but small. Their stuffs are very helpful. The location is excellent just two blocks from Empire state building and 4-5 blocks to MACYs. The subway station is 3 building away from the hotel.	
Dec 8 2004	Not as nice i thought it would be	Me and my girlfriend stayed in the hotel for a week from the UK. We had doubts about it before we went there. But when we saw it from outside it didnt look too bad. Even the lobby was quite nice. But the first thing we didnt like was 1 or 2 staff at the checking desk. They seemed to be quite rude and really didnt appreciate you being there. As for the other staff, the cleaners were fantastic and always made the room up to how it was when you first came in. The rooms were not bad. Very basic and it got very hot even if you had the air con on in there. The blind for the window was broke so we couldnt even see outside which was a bit disapointing as we couldnt get any natural light into the room. But its in a great location for shopping and several 24 hour stores are open just a few minutes walk away. Also quite cheap. Probably wouldnt go there again but would recommend to people with a very low budget	
Nov 23 2004	excellent value	I was very pleased with this hotel. The location is great-a 5 minute walk to Macy's and Empire State Building. One subway line 50 steps from hotel and main line at 34thSt.We had a quad room-one double and 2 twins. perfect for myself and 2 teens. Room was a good size and bathroom was very clean. Very plain basic furniture, a fridge but no clock radio. Staff were friendly and helpful. Great little coffee shop with good cheap food. We have stayed in 5 star hotels many times but have grown tired of paying big bucks for a room we are never in. For $130.00 a night in NYC this was fabulous value for the money. We also had 3 other families travelling with us and everyone was pleased. They had a triple room and they were small but adequate. We were all women and felt very safe. I recommend this hotel. Not fancy but GREAT VALUE.	
Nov 21 2004	Excellent Location Good Value for Money	The Grand Union Hotel was a very good choice for my friend and I (two 30-something females). We felt safe at all times, the location was fab to reach most places, the room was clean and quiet (believe it or not!) and the staff were always smiling and helpful. The fact that there were 3 internet PCs in the lobby was very handy indeed.I would definitely recommend the Grand Union and would stay there again without hesitation.As for New York - a beautiful city. Have fun!	
Nov 16 2004	Awful bed but nice budget hotel	What can you expect at this price in Manhattan?Location is just perfect, the hotel is clean, although rooms are very small and noisy.The only real problem was our bed: it was noisy and uncomfortable, and every time you changed your position during the night you woke up...	
Oct 27 2004	Just right	The Grand Union was the perfect budget hotel. It was clean and well maintained, and the staff were friendly and helpful at all times. Our room was small and there were few amenities but it had what was important and its location was convenient to all the great downtown neighborhoods. If you are looking for a good, clean, safe place to lay your head and maybe watch a ballgame but are looking to spend your money in other parts of your travel, this place is a good idea.	
Oct 25 2004	Very good value for money	Me and the girlfriend stayed at the Grand Union earlier this month for 7 nights and we were impressed with the hotel for the price we paid. The rooms are basic but that's all we wanted, everything worked and was very clean. All the staff are fantastic and will help with anything, the maids never disturbed us as we normally wasn't leaving the room until dinner time due to some great nights out. But the room was still cleaned daily. The hotel offers free safety deposit boxes which is a nice touch, and has 3 internet computers downstairs at a reasonable rate. Just down the street from the hotel is a subway station that came in very handy. All in all it was a very enjoyable stay and would definetly go back.	
Oct 7 2004	Ideal	We spent forever trying to decide on a hotel for our week long stay in NYC and finally decided on the Grand Union, as the price was right, the location looked good and the other comments on this webpage were positive. On arrival we were pleasantly surprised. The hotel was spotlessly clean, the room was a great size and there was a maid service everyday with fresh towels daily. There was a really good mix of people in the hotel, no one looked 'dodgy' and they ranged from families to older people to young backpackers. The hotel is 2 blocks from the Empire State Building (3 mins walk) and an ideal walking location to anywhere. If going a little further, the metro station for the Green line (a well served line) is 30 seconds walk away. We never tried the 'in-hotel' diner, but it seemed popular. We got to know a bagel seller around the corner on Park avenue where we got a bagel, and a tropicana for $2. He was right next to a fruit seller which had really cheap, fab fruit!! We would really recommend this. (Sets u up for the day!) There's loads of places around to eat. We frequented Maui Taco a few times - Right next to the empire state building and opposite is a large Bagel deli that serves hot and cold food and does fab sandwiches (like most places in New York!) Sorry abt the rambling! As you can see we really enjoyed our stay and the Grand Union just topped it off! Would thoroughly recommend it. PS. If you're going to visit the Metropolitan Museum of Art, try and make it there on a Friday night, they have a string quartet and pianist playing in the upstairs gallery after 5pm, and the roof/sculpture garden becomes a very New York style Cocktail terrace where the Upper East Side types come for after work drinks and you can watch the sun set over Central Park! Is very New York!!	
Sep 29 2004	Fine Budget Place	Spent 5 nights here at end of September. Good location. Good bright front lobby, helpful staff and handy internet lounge (2 dollars for 10 min -- can be multiple sessions). All spotless. Room was spacious and clean and daily maid service was excellent. Furnishings are a little dated but comfortable. Good modern and spacious bathroom. Quiet fridge in room. Air con unit was modern and quiet too. No remote for TV, but not there to watch TV. I asked for room at back (was on 6th floor), so did not have much of a view, but that meant no traffic/street noise. Lobby only had 3 other rooms, so not disturbed by other guests plus shielded from elevator noise by internal door. Combination made sleeping easy -- which was not the case at the more expensive Radisson earlier in the year. Paid 75 sterling a night incl tax (via Expedia). Would stay again. Nearby liked the Ginger Man bar on East 36th and 5th and the Blue Smoke/Jazz Standard on East 27th (off Park I believe). Artisanal restaurant across the road from hotel was good and very popular -- so long as you like cheese.	
Sep 21 2004	An enjoyable NYC experience	We stayed at the Grand Union for 4 nights in August 2004, and were pleasantly surprised at what we found. The Grand Union is in a great location - steps away from a subway station and bus stop, and around the corner from the Empire State Building and Macy's. The hotel is also connected to a cafe which opens at 7am, and has a good variety of inexpensive food. We arrived at the hotel 2 hours before check-in time, but the room was ready for us anyway. It was cleaned well every day. The bathrooms were clean, but there was some mould along the tile. We were on the top floor and faced the back, and it was very quiet at night. On our last day, we didn't need to leave until 4pm, which is past the checkout time, but we were able to store our luggage in their locked storage room for the few hours for no fee. In addition, the Hotel ordered a car to take us to the airport for the same fee as a taxi.All in all, we recommend this hotel. At $120 USD/night for a double room (with one double and one single bed), we thought the price was a little expensive, but worth it for the location and cleanliness. We plan on staying here again the next time we come to New York City.Enjoy your stay!	
Sep 14 2004	nice hotel in NYC	hotel Grand Union was more than adequate and convenient location, accessible by bus to many areas of the city. I paid rack price through hotels.com but on arrival i overheard the desk clerk tell someone else a rate considerably lower than i paid. since we had already checked in we couldn't get a better rate - assuming it was available. It is always best to call any hotel directly before checking in to check the rates. The hotel was clean, updated and refurbished and I would go there again.	
Sep 2 2004	Great Stay! Fantastic Location!	We recently went to New York for the first time and had some difficulty deciding on where to stay. The Grand Union is very affordable and has a fantastic location near the 33rd Street Subway station, and is easy walking distance to Grand Central Station and the Empire State Building. Any other tourist sites are within a good walk or a quick subway ride. The rooms are small and not fancy but our theory was, if you are in New York, how much time do you spend in the room?! If you are going for a posh weekend away this may not be the place but for us all that mattered was that the room and bathroom were clean. I would definitley stay there again.	
Aug 23 2004	Sensory Deprivation Chamber (Good!)	We stayed at the Grand Union for two nights in August 2004. Contrary to my advance apprehensions, it was not a converted grocery store. Our room (712) was a small one with a double bed, matte gray walls, gray carpet, and a very small window overlooking the airshaft. In short, an ambienece of zero. But the interior location and thick plaster walls meant that it was quiet. It was our own little sensory deprivation chamber in the midst of NYC , so we slept very soundly. The bathroom - all marble with a large tub - was nicer than the room. Kudos to the cleaning staff; the bathroom was sparkling clean. The neighborhood is fine. Our favorite restaurants in the area were the Barking Dog (on 34th near Park), and DaCiro (on Lexington near 34th), and the bakery on the southwest corner of 28th and Park, which had excellent chocolate croissants. The Grand Union is plain jane, but good value in a good location.	
Aug 11 2004	Good Cheap Hotel	We stayed at the Grand Union for three day's in August and it's exactly what we expected. Very good location, a subway station a block away, some good food just around the corner and it's in a safe location. The front desk staff wasn't overly nice but very respectable and the cleaning staff was great, very nice and they kept everything in top shape. If you want a no frills good hotel with a good location in Midtown this is the place for you. I would stay there again since when your visting New York you don't spend much time in you room anyway.	
Aug 11 2004 	Great little hotel!	Good location, very nice lobby. As you walk in, on the right is a sweet little lounge where it appears that internet access is available. On the left is the adjacent coffee shop. Next to the elevator is a small lending library, a nice touch! I was a little nervous when the desk clerk gave me a TV remote along with the electronic key, but not to worry! My room had one double bed, the carpet was new, bathroom very clean, with soap and shampoo, fluffy towels. Added plus was refrigerator in the room. Only thing missing was no clock. Very very clean and comfortable; excellent value for what I paid $109.00.	
Aug 3 2004	Nice and quiet hotel	I must say our experience at the Grand Union was good. We checked in early around 11:00 and they had a room ready. On the very same night we had a problem with the door to our room that required some repairs and the hotel easily upgraded us to a new room. The staff are nice and polite and the hotel is clean and quiet. I would recommened this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 28 2004	A Manhattan Secret	I live on Madison Ave., around the corner from this hotel. I put my parents up there for 12 days when they visited me from Scotland (they are both in their 70's). It was ideal for them and it didn't cost me too much compared to the other hotels in Manhattan. I would say the best things about this hotel are it's great location and the unbeatable price. I have used other hotels in town around this price range and the rooms are smaller (I mean hardly anough room to walk around the bed) or the hotel is uglier. The hotel's entrance is small, in the middle of the block, which makes it look unimpressive. The area is quiet on the weekends but busy during the week with commuters going to and from the subway and Penn Station. It is a safe, middle-class Manhattan, neighbourhood. Yes, people do live around here! I know a lot of tourists end up in the hotels around Times Square. But it is extrememly crowded over there and almost impossible to get around. The subway at Times Square isn't so nice and there are a lot of not-so-nice people that hang around. It is difficult to get a taxi too because there are several thousand others with the same idea, especially when the theatres come out. However from the Hotel Grand Union it is easy to get to the attractions and no rush-hour crowds to fight through.In an honest opinion i'd say if you can afford to spend around $300 a night you'd be better to stay in a bigger, nicer hotel. The room my parents had was dull with basic furnishings (Motel-like). But if you like the price, you won't be disappointed. Unfortunately in this town, you really only get what you pay for. Don't expect the Hilton for $115 a night, but this hotel isn't too bad at all.	
Jul 23 2004	A Pleasant Surprise	I booked my room at the Grand Union for my first visit to NYC in July 2004. I was nervous because I feared that a cheap rate meant an inferior hotel. When I arrived, I was VERY happy. The location was great. I also loved the freshness of the newly remodeled lobby (there was even a big roll of new carpet awaiting installation in the rooms). It was safe, reasonably priced, clean, quiet and the staff was wonderful. I must admit that my room also had a rather stale smell, but I'll go to the store and purchase an air freshener next time. The bathroom was small but clean. I also loved the powerful shower and endless supply of hot water. It's close to everything and if you like Asian food, there are several Asian restaurants surrounding it. I also loved the deli that was previously mentioned. My room was also the size of a Red Roof Inn room. I highly recommend the hotel and will definitely stay there again.	
Jul 11 2004	Great Hotel Great Location	My wife and I stayed at the Grand Union April 15-19th and had an excellent stay. Room was on the 4th floor and did not face the street but it was super quiet at all times. The Empire State Building, Macys, Madison Square Garden are only a short walk away, as well as deli's, coffee shops and fast food places. A subway is located pretty much right outside the door and its only a short walk to the corner to hail a cab which was easy and only 4$ or less to times square. The room was cozy, very clean and comfortable, bathroom was nicely done in marble and also very clean. The Grand Union is a good deal for the price and location. Had a great time and would stay there again.	
Jun 28 2004	Would have loved the G.U. if it weren't for...	... the absolutely terrible traffic outside! We didn't get a wink all night and not even ear plugs helped. We stayed in a room on the second floor facing the street and the noise from the street were so bad that you believed that the windows had been left open. Unfortunatly, they hadn't been.BUT, we stayed only one night. If we had stayed more nights, I would have tried to get another room and preferably a quieter one facing the back. I would then have loved the Grand Union. The room was very nice and clean, the staff was very nice and helpful and the location and price are great!	
May 25 2004	Convenient Location was good	We stayed for 8 days at this hotel and were very happy with it. Of course being in New York, the room and the bathroom were very small. The location was great, walking distance to most everything, and the room was cleaned and bed made every morning in a timely manner. For the price, this was a great stay!	
May 18 2004	Good for few days	From May 14-17 my husband and I stayed at Gran Union Hotel. The location of the hotel is excellent and the staff's attention too. Around it there are many places to eat and buy &quot;munchis&quot;. The room and the bathroom was small but very clean. To stay for few days is good, but if you plan to stay in NYC one week or more, you can find others hotels for the same price. Anyway, this hotel is good to stay.	
Apr 14 2004	Good for a budget	This hotel is a room. For the price ive had better, but then again this is NY and the price is good for Last minute. The room smelled like smoke and the windows didnt close properly. Regardless, This hotel is in a good location and would do again if it were last minute.	
Apr 6 2004	A bit ghetto	I would agree with most of what has been written by other reviewers. The only problem I had with the hotel was that the carpet in the room I stayed in was pretty scuzzy and needed replacing. Also, the windows there have never been cleaned. There was a neglected feel to the room. Bathrooms are spotless and shower very hot and powerful! Very important after a hard day's sightseeing! A fine place to stay but you could stay at AYHA at 103rd and Amsterdam for $30 a night and it's spotless. I went on the recommendation of other reviews of the Grand Union on this site and expected the place to be gleaming - it's not.	
Mar 20 2004	perfectly wodnerful staff	very positive experience. though not a fancy place, it is clean, safe and the staff is very friendly, helpful, and accomodating. i was not thrilled with the room they gave me, and when i called the desk to say so they immediately offered me another room - my choice! on the day of checkout, i asked if i could checkout at 1 rather than noon, and they said absolutely, no problem - at no charge. (some hotels are terrible sticklers for late checkouots...). i will absolutely return. only problem, no clock in the room. and maybe the reception area could do with some kind of colour rather than the very stark white walls and flourescent lights (a little harsh on the eyes). but for the price, wouldn't stay anywhere else.	
Mar 11 2004	lovin iy	This was our first visit to New York so we were a bit wary. At first sight of the hotel I just wanted to go home, but once inside could'nt of been happier. The first room they gave us the shower would'nt work but a very quick visit to reception sorted that out straight away, and we were moved. The staff were so friendly and very helpful recommending places for us to go. The room it's self was clean and warm (just what you need after spending all day out on a late November day!) Was close to EVERYTHING! and also the Brooklyn Bagel Cafe on the corner at 5th avenue we went there every day. Would recommend the Grand Union to anybody.	
Feb 26 2004	Nice clean and excellent value in a perfect location	Stayed in NY for 5 days in Feb during the recent cold freeze. The hotel is comfortable and clean and seemingly full of English tourists. The front desk is helpful and even let me have a late checkout which was very nice. It's a block and a half from the Empire State, about 3 blocks from Macys, about a 15-20 minute walk to Times Square, a 25 minute walk up 5th Ave to Central park and a 20 minute walk down 5th Ave to Union Square past the Flatiron building. It's in a nice quiet area and there's excellent pizza places, a 24 hour bagel and coffee places on the next block near the Empire State and two internet cafes within 5 minutes walk. The French restaurant nearby was good offering a fixed price 3 course menu. There's also a 24hr convenience store/pharmacy at the Empire State and linked to the hotel foyer is a small burger place that does okay breakfasts, coffee and even make a normal cup of tea (so hard to find!). There's a subway stop on the same block that goes downtown and uptown which is perfect for getting to most of the sites and 2 ATMs across the corner. I found that I could easily walk to the hotel from Penn Station about 6 blocks away so I could catch the airtrain to Penn station, and then simply walk to the hotel which was much cheaper than catching a cab. The rooms are comfortable and cleaned daily, they are of a good size, there's heaps of TV channels, a bath/shower and a clean marble bathroom. My only complaint is that while it was -15C outside my room was too hot, but not uncomfortable - better than being cold I guess! The locked luggage room was very handy. There's also a fridge and an airconditioner in the room as well. No coffee/tea making facilities. I'd definitely stay here again but I'd try to get a front corner room for a view of the Empire State.	
Feb 16 2004	Room with A view		
Jan 17 2004	brill staff		
Jan 8 2004	Fantastic Value		
Dec 2 2003	Excellent Value		
Nov 16 2003	Clean safe and cheap		
Oct 28 2003	Great budget place		
Sep 28 2003	Friendly and good value! ****		
Apr 30 2003	Loved it! a very good bargain		
Mar 14 2003	Grand Union Hotel		
Sep 5 2002	What a Great Bargain!!!!		
Oct 17 2009	super Lage mit Charme		
Oct 12 2009 	Si el plan de paseo esta es buena opcion cerca de todo		
Oct 7 2009 	Bueno		
Sep 13 2009 	el peor hotel al que he ido en mi vida. horroroso.		
Sep 2 2009 	Molto piccolo ottima posizione		
Aug 19 2009 	hotel buono e pulito posizione ottima rapporto qualità/prezzo ecellente		
Jun 28 2009 	Le top !		
Jun 24 2009 	?????????		
Jun 10 2009 	SCHLICHTE AUSSTATTUNG BEI TOP LAGE		
Jun 10 2009 	Nettes günstiges Hotel in genialer Lage		
Feb 25 2009 	Situation idéale à recommander.		
Nov 25 2008	Muy bien		
Nov 17 2008 	Très bon hôtel à recommander		
Oct 20 2008 	Grand Union Hotel		
Aug 27 2008 	ottima la posizione e la pulizia un po' meno la stanza		
Aug 17 2008 	Gute Lage		
Jul 23 2008 	Positive Überraschung!!!		
Jun 30 2008 	ideal pied à terre		
Jun 17 2008 	Hotel war absolut OK weiterzuempfehlen		
May 9 2008 	Ottimo hotel		
May 3 2008 	EXTRA		
Oct 25 2007 	Essenziale e pulito		
Oct 2 2007	Fatal en casi todos los sentidos		
Aug 5 2007	Très bon rapport qualité / prix		
Jul 28 2007 	Das Grand Union ist ideal um New York zu Fuss zu erkunden		
Jul 22 2007 	Ubicacion perfecta		
May 27 2007 	Günstiges und sauberes Hotel im Herzen New Yorks		
Apr 24 2007 	excellent raport qualité/prix		
Mar 22 2007 	Genial ubicacion		
Feb 6 2007 	SUPER Grand Union Hotel		
Jan 25 2007 	Mann bekommt was man zahlt		
Jan 1 2007 	Excelente ubicación y precio		
