Nov 3 2009 	Nice hotel great location	I stayed at this Courtyard Marriott for the NYC Marathon weekend and, after reading some reviews, I was expecting the hotel to be very basic. I was so surprised!! The people that work here are SO nice and SO helpful. Our room was actually really nice -- a good, clean room with granite countertops in the bathroom and nice furniture. The bed and pillows were great. I am a corporate event planner by professional and can be a bit of a hotel snob. Trust me when I say that this hotel is much better then you expect. Plus you are literally facing Bryant Park - it really doesn't get much better in terms of location.	
Aug 22 2009 	No worth the price	Had one free night at the Courtyard, but second night paid the full price, which was not worth what was being charged ($279 + tax ). The room was smallish, and the majority of the amenities which one would normally expect were missing, such as no in-room safe, or mini bar. The sheets were rough, the pillows awful, the bathroom tiles chipped. In the morning, the room next door got a wake up call and it woke us up! For the same price, one could do much, much better with an equally convenient location. Certainly not up to marriott standards.	
Aug 17 2009 	Functional.	I was a bit disappointed with this Marriott and kind of expected better from this chain. I'd safely bet that this was some other chain's hotel that Marriott have bought over, because I just felt it wasn't up to the Marriott standard. The rooms were smaller than usual and felt cramped. Hardly any daylight penetrated, which didn't help, as we overlooked the back of the hotel, but the beds were comfortable and you don't come to New York to sit in your hotel room, do you?The location is just off FIfth Avenue, a two minute walk from the public library and maybe five minutes to Times Square and the Empire State. The immediate surroundings of the hotel is quite quiet though in terms of restaurants and bars. There's a small place at the base of the hotel itself - which I didn't sample - and the concierge recommended a friendly diner on Lexington for breakfast which was good. I think it was called Blooms and again was a five minute walk away. There is a coffee machine in the lobby, and there are a couple of delis and &quot;seven eleven&quot; style stores nearby for light snacks if necessary. Generally though, we were out of the hotel and into the subway to somewhere else while we stayed here. Next time I visit Manhatten I think I'd try a livlier area, Greenwhich Village or the East Side, to stay. This place, although dead centre of the city, is surprisingly dead itself. Combine this with a fairly non-descript hotel and I think you'll find that although you might choose to stay here, you won't be spending much time in the hotel itself - and it is quite expensive for just a place to lay your head and luggage in.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great Location with a Great Price	We stayed here and walked to so many great places. Times Square, Broadway, Rockefellar Center, NBC Studios, Titanic Museum, Hard Rock Cafe and Grand Central Station. From Grand Central Station it was a straight shot on the Subway to the Bowling Green exit where we boarded the ferry to go to the Statue of Liberty. We were doing the tourist thing and it was great for our purpose. Right next door as you are going out the door of the hotel to the left is the BEST deli/breakfast place in town! It is called Charlie's deli. During the week they have a hot breakfast buffet where you can pick what you want and pay per the pound. I ate a great breakfast for cheaper than you can eat at McDonald's. On the weekend it is order only, but it was still a great breakfast, but a little bit more expensive. The hotel staff were excellent. We had 3 rooms and were there with family. They were able to get us all on the same floor and we appreciated that greatly. Our rooms were on the 11th floor and they were typical hotel rooms. 2 full size beds, typical bathroom. But, it was all we needed. It had a closet and dresser. I would definately stay here again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Reasonable stay at the Mariott	I stayed at this hotel after coming from another, and it was a step down, so I may be a bit unfair in my review, which in other cases I probably wouldn't have been. The location is good, though I think it would be hard to find a hotel around this area that isn't fantastic. The rooms were fine, beds very comfortable, but found a few things on the floor that hadn't been picked up from previous guests. It probably could do with a bit of a revamp. What truly puzzled me was the fact there is more than one &quot;Courtyard Marriott&quot; - and very close to eachother. Make sure you check your street number or you may be lugging suitcases between hotels! Excellent hotel for Bryant Park location, and very convenient 24 hour store downstairs which contains a lot of things you may need. Staff were generally friendly and helpful, but nothing outstanding. I might stay here again, but probably not in a hurry. Don't let this put you off if the price is right, as the area is fantastic, the rooms clean enough and roomy enough, the internet access is free and if you're in NY, you won't care what your room is like at the end of the day. Just don't stay here for a hotel experience.	
Jul 23 2009 	Mediocre Hotel in Great Bryant Park Location	The hotel is servicable, and located right in the Brant Park area of Midtown; however there are many other hotels in the same area and pricepoint that are far superior. If you happen to uncover a great price, then it is OK. The staff is pleasant, and the rooms are OK (although small).Similar priced hotels in the same area that I would suggest, include the Residence Inn on 6th avenue or the Courtyard Times Square South (both just a few blocks away).	
Jul 5 2009 	Extremely Small Rooms and Hallways!!!! Also STAY AWAY from the Salmon River Restaurant in the Hotel!!!!	I booked two rooms for a family trip to New York. The location was wonderful as it is only a couple of blocks from Times Square and within walking distance to many subway stations including Grand Central station. What sucked was the size of the rooms and the hallways. I've stayed in Courtyard Marriotts before as I am a rewards member and the rooms are normally smaller than than other Marriott brands but not THIS small. It was four to each room and we could barely move around. The distance between the beds and the TV was approximately 23 inches. NO JOKE. Also, the hallway area around the elevator and the hallways in general were very narrow. And the ice/snack machines were only on the 4th, 15th, and 25th floors of this 30 floor hotel. ????????I would have given cleanliness five stars but there were a few spots in the bathroom that did not appear to be mopped. We covered this area with a towel so we wouldn't walk over it. The bathroom was extremely small, too. Only one person can be in the bathroom comfortably at one time unless one person was in the shower. On the bright side, the second room did not appear to be as small but it was smaller than normal. Also beware as this hotel has NO POOL. There are three computers in the hotel with free internet access which is a life saver for having teenagers with us. Unless you are going alone or with your spouse/partner (the king bed rooms probably have a LITTLE more room) I would NOT recommend this hotel. I only booked it because it was the cheapest we could get near the Times Square area at $139 per night. Most rooms in that area are far above that. Next time we'll prepare to pay a little more for comfort. We stayed at the Holiday Inn on 57th in Midtown Manhattan a couple of years ago and it was very nice. Not only did it have a pool the rooms were large, clean, and very comfortable. That room was $216 per night and we would have booked it this trip but none of the other adults in the group wanted to pay over one hundred something per night. They complained about the Courtyard throughout the whole stay so I'm sure they have learned their lesson. I made an unwise decision to have breakfast in the hotel ONE day throughout the 4-day trip. I paid $17.15 including a gratuity and the buffet only included what appeared to be powdered scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, potatoes, cereals, milk, and a waffle station. The waffle was the best part of the breakfast. There appeared to be a watery substance in the egg pan so I didn't try that. I don't care for potatoes and can't really eat bacon right now so I had the sausage. It looked good but it was the most DISGUSTING sausage I've ever tasted in my life. And they DIDN'T have grapefruit juice. Do yourself a favor and have breakfast at the McDonald's across the street, find a restaurant in the Times Square area, or hop on the D train to the IHOP on 135th and Adam Clayton Powell in Harlem. For those of you who are sneezing at Harlem it is quite safe there. There are many nice shopping places on 125th and not to mention, the Apollo is on this street as well. We were actually there to witness a lot of the tributes to Michael Jackson that were taking place in front of the Apollo and all around Times Square. Even though this Courtyard Marriott did not fit the bill this was and will always be a trip to remember.	
Jul 1 2009 	Clean rooms good value great location	Rooms were a bit small for a family of 4, including 2 teenagers, but it is New York and for the price it was worth it. Room was very clean. We were on the top (30th) floor and it was very quiet as well. The beds were a good size but too soft in my opinion. Excellent location----well within walking distance of Times Square (about 5 or 6 blocks) and Broadway, and 1 block from the subway station. Short cab ride to Central Park and other local attractions. My family thoroughly enjoyed our first visit to the Big Apple!	
Jun 30 2009 	Comfy friendly and centrally located	We got off the Grand Central Station and pulled our small suitcases three blocks to this Marriott Hotel. For the price, the rooms may be on the smaller side but what can you expect in NYC? If you are there sightseeing, then you're just going to be back at the hotel to sleep and the beds are the best....clean, comfy and the best! It felt like a boutique hotel without the glitter.The staff at the front desk and the bartender downstairs were very friendly, welcoming and made us feel right at home. Even the bar food was better than expected. The restaurant menu looked great but we had to skip to go to a jazz Italian restaurant on the lower East side.The location of this hotel is ideal and very central. Can't ask for more. Will definitely stay again!	
Jun 13 2009 	Loved the service	The hotel is magnificent and I the experience was amazing. It was so cold and busy there, I couldn't wait to get back to the peace and tranquility of the hotel. I paid $399 per night for a room which was for sure Value for moneyOverall I would say the experience was good.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great Hotel . . . Excellent Location!	This is a really nice hotel in a great location. Traditional Marriott hotel, very clean, comfortable, not too fancy. The rooms are small which is typical for New York. We stayed on the 26th floor (there are 30 floors) with only 8 rooms per floor. Could occasionally hear people closing doors or talking in hall, but did not hear any noise between rooms. Staff is very friendly, especially the bellmen. Small business center has three computers, two with printers and third with no printer. Small exercise room with two treadmills, a eliptical machine and stationary bike. Free coffee and tea on Mezzanine level. Elevators were very fast, never had to wait for very long. No onsite parking but there is a lot two blocks away on 38th street. Hotel offers a valet service (possibly for a fee). 1/2 a block from Fifth Avenue and the beautiful New York Public Library. 7 blocks from the Empire State Bldg. 2 blocks from the 42st. Bryant Park subway station or 1 1/2 blocks from the 42st. station for the local #7 train (which goes to Time Square or Grand Central Station, depending on direction). Within walking distance to all landmarks on Fifth Avenue: Rockafeller Center, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Trump Tower, and other high end Fifth Avenue shops. 17 short blocks to Central Park. Great deli next store, &quot;Charlie's Deli&quot; which serves as hotel room service. Open 24 hrs and very reasonable prices. The restaurant next store, Salmon River, serves a buffet breakfast. As a guest at the hotel, you can buy a voucher for $9.50 per person which includes tax and gratuity. If not, it's $14, not including tax or gratuity. Breakfast is until 10:00 a.m. on weekdays and 11:00 a.m. on Sat and Sun. Most places in the city stop serving breakfast at 10:00. Although we paid with points, spoke with other people who said room rates were reasonable when compared to other mid-town Manhattan hotels. Great location if visiting the city for the first time and/or with kids.	
Apr 13 2009 	Bed Bugs!	We stayed at this Courtyard Marriott Fifth Avenue in April 2009. I stayed for two nights, while my mother stayed for three nights. Upon returning home---she to her home within the US and I to my home in Europe---we both broke out COVERED in bites. My mother's doctor confirmed they were bed bug bites. These bites can take up to nine days to manifest. Despite notifying the hotel, they claim to have had a pest control company check, as well as checked with current room occupants about possible infestation. I doubt they've done either. Their hotel was the only place where we both stayed. Stay elsewhere or prepare to be a tasty meal for BED BUGS.	
Apr 8 2009 	should rename as something else	Unlike other Marriott chain hotels I stayed thus far, this hotel does not live up to the name, Marriott. Although the location was perfect for us (depending on what you're planning to do in NYC), the hotel was narrow in width off Fifth Avenue. We had 1 room with 2 beds, no extra space besides the end of beds. I was reminded of a small apartment room I used to rent when I lived here in Manhattan 17 years ago. Our room was very cold, because the heater fan was malfunctioned (I found out about it from a technician on the last day our stay-we stayed 4 nights). Although a check-in clerk promised me that he would talk to the manager to lower my rate, they still charged me $199 for the third night and $159 (airline industry rate) for the fourth night. I used points for the first two nights. After checking out, I noticed that they had lowered the rate but a check-out clerk didn't even double check to see if I got my request granted. I guess that he had a &quot;typical&quot; male attitude towards a minority woman like me. Only good experience was a bell man who had a pleasant smile and serving attitude, and a female clerk who was willing to exchange my bills to quarters for bus ride. She was cute.One scoop for this location is that you'll find a Japanese market on 41st street (right around the corner) and a Japanese bakery store next to it. They were awesome!!For this price, I could have stayed at Ramada New Yorker Hotel for a bigger room and bigger lobby with sitting area. At least New Yorker Hotel is more lively!!	
Apr 6 2009 	Beware what you read on other sites about this hotel!	We just returned from a weekend stay at this hotel. We stayed Saturday, April 4 - Sunday, April 5th. The hotel is in a good location and the staff is great, but watch out what you read on other sites. The manager told me this happens often so make sure you know what you are getting before you book!!When I booked with Orbitz, I was under the impression that we were getting free breakfast in the morning. That is not true, the restaurant at the hotel isn't owned by Marriott so you have to pay. I was told by the manager this is one of the only Marriott's in the city that doesn't provide breakfast. On the internet on numerous sites I was free breakfast. Our next surprise was that our room only had two double beds and no pull out sofa bed. We were under the impression that we would have this because of information on the Internet about the hotel.My advice is be careful what you read about this hotel. If you have questions call, don't let it be a surprise! It is in a good location, but you can stay closer to the action in Times Square for almost the same price. The reason we stayed here was because of the free breakfast and pull out bed.	
Apr 3 2009	Good location good price	Stayed one night . Price was good for a clean, safe hotel conveniently located.Staff was very helpful even lent us an umbrella. Toothpaste we forgot was brought up to room. Surprised look when I offered a tip.Arranged for a car to pick us up at 4:45 AM ! Driver was incredible! Can't say enough about his kindness!!!He changed my thinking about NYC!  I only wish I had his name! I know he lives in Queens.Thank you to him!!!	
Mar 19 2009 	Good location - good value for money	Location is ideal about a five min walk from Times Square. Room was big for New York with 2 double beds. Free business centre with printer available to all guests along with complimentary tea and coffee. Staff were friendly and helpful.	
Mar 18 2009 	Perfect Location	This hotel was great for location, literally 1 minute from 5th Avenue and all the attractions. I would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting New York for this alone!The rooms were smallish but fine for a long weekend break, it was clean and modern, nothing wow but depending on why you are in New York will depend on what sort of standard of hotel you are looking for.There was free access to the internet/printers handy for when reserving your flight seats on the way home. A restaurant/bar below the hotel too.I would recommend Brooklyn Diner in Time Square, but don't bother with Planet Hollywood if you like those sort of places.	
Mar 3 2009 	Great room and convenient.	Good sized King room for NYC. Rooms on each floor that end in 01 are end rooms and much larger. No views in these rooms. Great 2 night visit, couldn't be happier.	
Feb 18 2009 	Good Value for Money	Hotel location was ideal for exploring New York.Room was clean with complimentary coffee which was replenished everyday.Complimentary coffee and tea available in the foyer for guestsComplimentary internet access with printer available.Staff were helpful and friendly.Deli next door with good range of food at reasonable price	
Feb 3 2009 	Not enough pros to make this a likely return.	You'll notice some pretty okay/average ratings on some of the key points, but that my overall rating was poor. Let's get through those and then I'll get into why:- Cleanliness: Housekeeping did their job but left used glasses (with liquid still in them) in the room without replacing or cleaning them, and seemed to &quot;rinse down&quot; the tub without actually doing a light scrub. Basically I left conditioner streaked on the shower wall and didn't realize - it was still there when I came back after housekeeping. Everything else was fine.- Location: 5th Avenue, as central you can get for a price below $200/night without giving up too many amenities.- Rooms: I was lucky and randomly got given a handicap room. This gave me a good amount of space. Closet was tiny, by the way. Also, I do not know if this is true for all rooms, but my room was facing the street. This meant I got a wicked cold room with a heater that was blowing 40-50 degree air when it was literally below freezing outside. This made it so cold I couldn't sleep and it was unbearable. The heater simply could not keep up. I had to ask for extra blankets, an engineer to look at it, and finally got a space heater.It is freezing in NYC, and I know that's not usual, but the insulation between the wall and the machines is VERY poor. The machines are built into the wall which means they are exposed to the cold winds and below freezing temperatures outside. These machines need to be checked to be sure they are up to snuff, properly insulated, and if only some rooms suffer from the extreme cold they should make more of an effort to be proactive with guests rather than leaving it up to guests to figure out.Television comes with a limited number of channels - the usual extras like the interactive TV is not available (keyboard, games). I don't use these so it didn't matter. You get free wifi, which was key. It was a poor connection, but you can also use a hard ethernet line if you want.- Value: Overall, technically this is a 3 star hotel but due to the issues I had (above, and more below) I dropped it to a 2.- Service: This will cover why it's a 2 star hotel, at least until they make some changes in staff attitude and figure out that being kind to customers up front will get them to come back.1. You saw the above input on the heating situation. The night I checked in, I came back down to ask for change. The desk guy was actually very nice, but he was ending a call where a guest was complaining about their heater and thinking it was broken. The guy seemed irritated with the guest as if they were being unreasonable, and rolled his eyes, then finished the call and helped me. He didn't seem to care and I had the feeling the problem wouldn't get fixed. This exchange made me scared to ask for help with my heater later, when in my room I was freezing. That night I called down a few hours later for a blanket. It was barely tolerable and I slept huddled under that with my winter jacket over me.The next night, I asked for another blanket. It was still too cold, so I finally braved calling down and they sent an engineer up. He was nice, but really couldn't do anything; he futzed around with the settings and the machine and got it go blow MORE air - but not HOT air. So all he could do was shrug. Then luckily he offered a space heater, which it did not occur to me they'd have. So I used THAT to survive. That little thing kept me more warm than the regular heater!Next day I asked for a credit of some sort for the situation. I got a condescending agreement to give me a bunch of points since I'd paid in points, not cash.2. Main reason for the low rating - 3 am on Saturday night, the fire alarm goes off. It sounds once, then keeps blinking. No one gets on the intercom to warn us or explain. I get into full freezing weather gear, and I'm on the 4th floor, super close, so I walk down the stairs, since you're not supposed to use the elevators. I get down closer to the 1st floor, and the lower level is flooded. The stair system here is a dual system behind the elevators, so I exit one side, go around the elevator, and down the second stairwell. I get down to the employee/staff area. I look around and call for help. No answer. I return to the stairwell, and attempt to go further down - encounter more flooding. I go back to the mezzanine, and out. I see smoke and darkness and sprinklers and hear water. I walk out to the railing. Down below, darkness, and a bunch of firemen standing around. A fire truck out on the street. A family comes out of the stairwell - we're the first to make it down. They came down fro the 19th floor on foot. I call down to the firemen, and ask if it's safe. They say yes, but explain nothing. NO STAFF ANYWHERE. They basically ABANDONED the guests with a fire alarm going off.Eventually, at least 30 min later, the fire men seem to have found the engineer who came to my room, and he lets them into the office above the reception area, and then they come back out and go do whatever else. We wait some more. Eventually braver people navigate the slick marble stairs of the renovation half of the lobby and get down to the main level to ask the fire fighters what's up. Eventually the direction trickles back that a pipe burst, we're safe, we can go back to our rooms. No firefighter makes an official announcement - there's no fire, we're not in danger, it's not his job. It's a staff member's job. But where are they?Eventually we go back to our rooms. It's now 4 am or so. A firefighter gets on the intercom, finally states the situation and says we should stay in our rooms. They should have done that first thing, or a staff member should have.Next morning, I come down the elevator, and the staff there in the morning act like everything's fine. Like nothing ever happened. But the carpet guard in the hallway is still soaking wet. All the flooded water and destroyed everything are mysteriously back in order. Except earlier when I called down to check whether I could use the elevator, the front desk phone line was heavily staticky and I could barely hear the person on the other end.When I check out and mention the issues I've encountered with heat and the fire alarm and ask for some kind of credit, the woman has an attitude and is acting like I'm the one making up stories or trying to game the system or make a big deal out of nothing.Um. Where were YOU at 3 am in the morning when I was deep asleep and a fire alarm went off and I didn't know if I was safe or not? Nowhere. So, you should be MORE than happy to make sure every guest in the hotel that night got SOMETHING for their trouble. She agreed to give me points, but not a significant amount.Clear staff issues. I had a pleasant PRE-experience with Elsa, via email, who helped me work out combining a reservation of points and cash, and followed up with her to make sure the manager actually credited me the points. Of course the front desk who gave me attitude during my stay didn't credit me a thing. So I followed up with Elsa, who forwarded my email to the manager, and voila, they gave me the points I was promised plus a little more.Which is great. But the underlying questions remain - what does your staff do when your guests are extremely inconvenienced and paying for a room that should be keeping them warm and safe? What do you do when your guests are afraid for their lives and turn to you, the hotel staff, to reassure them of their safety and explain where they should go, and when?Note, the main issues I had were not with staff who make the hotel run (housekeeping, bellmen, valet, engineer) but with staff who run the program, day or night. Not only are they the face of the hotel, THEY are responsible for ensuring guests are cared for, comfortable, safe, and respected. And they definitely didn't hold up on their end of the bargain.- Other notes on the general experience: You can order in from the deli next door - I'd recommend you do this or order from anyone else, other than room service. Too expensive. Also, note they don't put the phone number for these restaurants in the book. The deli has a direct dial key on the phone, but the other restaurants don't; you'll have to ask the front desk for their numbers or look them up online.I only experienced long waits for the elevator in the early evening when other people were coming in from being out an about.The lobby is indeed extremely small and is split in half, undergoing renovation. This means if there are guests in line at the desk and people waiting for the elevator or trying to get through the lobby it can become a mess.The gym is tiny with old equipment. It works, but it's not great. Has a good sound system and TV though. Business center looked pretty tiny but appeared to function fine.Free coffee/tea on the mezzanine level 24/7, which came in handy.In room digital safe.Good hot water flow and water pressure from the bathroom.	
Jan 18 2009 	Great Stay in NYC	Great Hotel for Family and Friends in the heart of NYC. Though the rooms are considered average size for NYC, seemed small, but very clean and fresh smelling. All of the Hotel staff was very helpful with parking, luggage, area restaurants and directions for nearby sights. Also the staff was very friendly and considerate to the children we were traveling with. They are remodeling the Lobby area so the front desk is a small space. Check in and out was rather loud but quick and efficient.	
Jan 6 2009	Great Stay	We visited NYC December 21-30, 2008-so we had a long stay with 3 adults and 1 child in one room. We had a great experience with all the service-the rooms were clean and Edna did a great job in our room. Willie and Frank were also very helpful and kind. This was our first time to NYC and the hotel was close to everything we needed to get to. What a great way to spend Christmas vacation and we would come back to this hotel for our next visit.	
Dec 30 2008 	Definitely would stay again!	We were looking for an affordable price plus a decent location..this Courtyard offered both but I was worried about booking due to a few negative reviews listed on TA. Since our stay was during the 2nd week of Dec when NYC hotels price gouge, I decided to take a chance because of the rate...under $300.00 per night.  Upon arrival at 830pm we were warmly greeted and made to feel welcome by Sophia at the front desk....she had accommodated my request for room location and the check-in was quite efficient. The room was large, clean, well appointed and the beds very comfortable. Bathroom was good size with plenty of towels (soft) a great shower and again, very clean. The only draw back was space around bathroom sink...this is not a complaint...I just seem to have alot of &quot;stuff&quot; and always appreciate plenty of space to place things. Lighting in hotel bathrooms can always be improved upon, especially for makeup application, and this bathroom could use better lighting in that respect. The only other item that would have been nice to have in the room was a refrig. Noise coming through the walls from other guests, which was mentioned in some other reviews, was non-existence... hallways were brightly lit and we had no problems with elevators running slow nor did we encounter any surly bellmen when we were having our luggage checked and then retrieved later in the day.One minor point...not a complaint...lobby is small so there is not many places to sit if someone needed to do some waiting etc.Happily, we found this Courtyard to be quite pleasant and would stay again. Location was fine...we did not feel uncomfortable walking in the area very late at nightAlmost forgot to mention.....a huge deli with friendly service and an enormous selection of food items for breakfast/lunch/dinner and snacks is right next door and around the corner on 5th Ave between 40th/41st a more upscale deli with a few tables.	
Dec 8 2008 	Great Location Small Room	We stayed here for 2 nights in December 08. The location of the hotel is very convenient. It is between 5th &amp; Madison Aves, a couple of blocks from Grand Central and withing reasonable walking distance of Times Square. The hotel is on a small footprint. The lobby is very small and each floor only has about 5 rooms. Although we booked a king room we ended up in a double. The room was small, just enough space for the bed, a desk and a dresser. The bathroom was decent sized given the room size. All the usual amenities were present and the room was clean. Overall this is a good option for the area with the only real issue being the room downgrade.	
Dec 7 2008 	Great Location!	Went for a weekend girls trip and had a blast. Hotel was conveniently located and made it very easy to navigate the streets of NY. The morning crew is excellent, anything you need they went above and beyond.. We arrived three hours before check-in and were promptly escorted to our room. Night staff were not that great, you could tell the difference between morning management and night management. Rooms were small, but thats typical NY real estate! Would defintiely stay there again.	
Dec 6 2008	Good Choice	We stayed at the Courtyard 5th Ave for 5 nights. Rooms were on the small side, but were modern and clean. Our room was on the 24th floor, toward the back of the building. It was VERY quiet. The staff was fine, the doormen were very helpful. The location is great, close to Grand Central, Bryant Park, and the Fifth Ave shops. Also, there is a GREAT little food store just to the right of the hotel's entrance that was so good and convenient, I would pick this hotel again just for it. I can't comment on the room prices versus other hotels, since I stayed on points. Overall, recommended!	
Nov 28 2008 	Great Location.	Great Location for sightseeing and walking around New York. We stayed here for 4 nights and Staff were v nice and helpful. Rooms not v large, but clean and comfortable.	
Oct 29 2008 	Nice location but small rooms and rude employees.	I chose this hotel due to the location. I had requested early check-in and was able to get in but the lady in the front was very rude, seemed careless. The room was very small! And the rooms are located so close to each other, I was able to hear the doors slam and it sounded like it was my door. Didn't like the business center. After a certain time, they are rude when they ask you to show your hotel card. I wouldn't stay there again.	
Oct 26 2008 	Great Hotel!	We stayed here for 3 nights during a leisure trip to New York City. Our room wasn't available when we arrived, but they took our cell phone number and called when it was ready. Front desk and bell staff were very friendly and helpful, taking care of everything we needed such as a check cashed and transportation to the airport.The room we were in had a queen bed and was on the 26th floor. It was not huge but it was a very good size for a New York City hotel room. We (2 adults) had plenty of space to spread out our stuff. The room was very quiet at night (with the exception of the occasional emergency vehicle rumbling past). We did not hear noise from our neighbors at all. It was clean and well stocked with everything we needed for our stay. There was no view but we did not expect one.The location was very convenient to The Empire State Building, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, the Public Library, and Fifth Avenue. It was an easy walk back to the room after seeing a Broadway Show.Grand Central Station was also close by and we took the subway everywhere else we wanted to go. We didn't eat at the hotel but there are plenty of good places to eat close by. We had a great stay and I would definitely return!	
Sep 23 2008 	Small room poor service = disappointed guests	My wife and I stayed here for a night while visiting New York in September of 2008. We arrived around 12:30pm, before the scheduled check-in time. Our room was not available so the front desk clerk took our credit card information and told us to see the bellman to store our bags. She certainly wasn't friendly and didn't provide any indication of when our room would be available. We went and saw a show, had dinner, did some shopping and returned to the hotel around 7pm. There was only one girl working the front desk, chatting with a friend on the phone. We told her we needed our room keys and she typed a bit on the computer (while still talking to her friend) and presented us with the keys. We then had to see the bellman for our bags. He offered to deliver them to our room which we indicated wasn't necessary because they were only two small rollerboards. Apparently, their luggage storage isn't on the main level - whereas he took the elevator up and came back down with the bags 5 minutes later. No thank you, here you go or anything. Again, quite disappointing. The room itself was small, the walls were paper thin and the bathroom left a lot to be desired. The one thing we were happy with was the elevator. A wait is generally expected at tall NY hotels, but this never seemed to be a problem at this hotel.Overall, we were not pleased with this hotel and will not return in the future. I'd be willing to shell out the extra bucks for the Renaissance or Marriott for a better hotel in a better location.	
Jul 15 2008 	What every business traveler wants from a hotel	The prospect of arriving in Manhattan after 10 pm on a Sunday night did not make me happy, especially since I had to do back to back trade shows. What a pleasant relief to arrive at the Courtyard, be greeted like a friend instead of just another late check-in and - this is the best part - finding a 24-hr. deli next door that actually delivers at 10 pm! And the food is pretty darn good.Of course, Manhattan is the only place that has these great places that have hot and cold salad bars and just about everything else you can think of, some of which are open 24/7.The next day I made a terrible mistake which could have turned into a disaster. I forgot to include the slip with my dry cleaning. When I realized it that night, I called the front desk in a panic. They told me not to worry, that I wasn't the first person this had happened to and, sure enough, 30 minutes later they delivered my favorite pants to the room.The room is just fine, bed is OK, bathroom is small like most NYC hotels, but updated and clean. The view - there was none, but I had already been warned about that. The location is great - close to east side and west side appointments.I'll be back.	
Jun 18 2008 	Very pleasant experience	This was our first trip to NYC. This hotel was very convenient to Rockefeller Center, Times Square, and the Empire State Bldg. The staff was very friendly and very helpful. The room was very comfortable and very nicely sized and overall the hotel was very clean. We would stay again.	
Jun 7 2008 	Awesome!!!	This is a great hotel. We stayed from 5/31-6/6/08. Within walking distance of Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Grand Central, Empire State Building, and lots of great shopping. There is a little store next door that serves a buffet at breakfast, lunch, and dinner plus has snacks, drinks, fruit, etc. Our room was very clean and, although, a little small we didn't feel cramped. I originally wanted to stay in Times Square but was very glad we stayed here because it was virtually noise-free at night. The front desk was very helpful and ready to accommodate our requests. One suggestion: request a room on a high floor so you can have a view. Will definitely stay here again when we return to NYC.	
Jun 6 2008 	Great stay; Great location	We stayed at the Courtyard Marriott for 3 nights in May. It was our first visit to New York City and we were looking for a centrally located hotel. It was a fantastic location, two minutes to Bryant Park and the New York Public Library! We could also walk to Broadway Theatre district, Time Square, the shops of Fifth avenue, Rockefeller Plaza and Grand Central Station. The hotel has an arrangement with a parking garage 3 blocks away where we parked our car for the weekend.The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful with restaurant suggestions etc..The rooms are clean and modern and just as they appear on the website - not large but we expected that in New York City. The beds and linens were very comfortable. We actually had a room on the top floor (30th) and even had a bit of view. The bathroom has been completely renovated and was actually quite large and very clean. The elevators were fast and no long waits. There is 24 hour coffee in the lobby and internet access and printers. There is also an exercise room.There is a great 24 hour Deli right next door where we could get bagels and fresh orange juice in the morning and anything else we needed. They had a huge assortment of salads, sandwiches, muffins, desserts, fresh fruit - everything!We would defintely recommend the Courtyard Marriott, especially for the location and friendly and helpful staff. There is so much to see and do in New York City...that we were only in the hotel to sleep, shower and change walking shoes at noon!We will probably stay here again on our next trip to New York city.	
May 28 2008	Excellent NYC ROOM for Traveler	Stayed here for 2 weeks. If you have never stayed in a room in NYC, do not expect a spacious room. Square footage costs are high, so soace is expensive.The room was well thought out (though I wish I had a small fridge). Bathroom was big enough for me (6'2&quot;, 250+). Room was always clean. Elevators was very fast.You are south of midtown, but can easilt get most anywhere, with Madison Ave going all north on one end of the street and Fifth the other end going all south.	
Apr 5 2008 	Brilliant!	Our first time in New York and we felt really at home in the hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and the beds very comfortable. We were amazed at how quiet it was inside the room. Made great use of the free internet . The location was brilliant - easy walking distances to so many places ( Grand central, Empire State, Times Square, ) and the subway was 2 minutes away for further excursions. Had breakfast once at the hotel but found Charlies next door more versatile and much ,much cheaper. Ate at Salmon River ( hotel restaurant) 3 times and enjoyed the food and the service. We will certainly stay there again next time we come to New York	
Apr 4 2008 	Lovely Boutique Hotel in Midtown	We have stayed here twice now, while in New York on business. The first time was a complete fluke, as it was merely one of the hotels with which our convention organizers had negotiated a favorable rate, and we picked it pretty much on price (it was one of the more reasonable options.)We were surprised and charmed by the helpful staff, who were consistently delightful and very patient with a couple of nervous Canadians. When I telephoned the front desk a couple of days prior to our arrival to confirm our room, I asked whether it would be better to take a cab from the airport or to grab one of the airport shuttles. The desk clerk put me through to the doorman on duty, who very kindly outlined the best route, told me what I should expect to pay, and generally how not to appear like a rube (&quot;Tell the cabbie to take the tunnel, it's cheaper,&quot; he said.)The rooms were small but comfortable, in each case. The bathrooms were obviously recently renovated. The restaurant in the hotel is convenient, if a tad expensive. There were two computers available for guests' use, with free internet access, allowing you to check flight status and email.The hotel is located beside a twenty-four-hour convenience store / deli that sells hot and cold food, great for a snack. There are tons of little restaurants within walking distance, especially a few streets to the east (Lexington Avenue, I think) where we discovered a nice Japanese place and a Moroccan place, both reasonably priced. There were more attractive restaurants than we had time to try, in each case.A great little hotel!	
Apr 2 2008 	hotel disappointing	Although the hotel is in an excellent location of Manhattan. The hotel appears to be &quot;squeezed&quot; in between to other buildings. I was surprised of how tiny the lobby was. If you want any type of room view request a room in the front of the building. Your view will be overlooking the NY Public Library. I must remind you, you are located on a busy street so you will hear traffic and plenty of sirens from police and ambulances. Bring earplugs. Plenty of fast food places and shopping close by. Broadway just a few blocks away. Only one person can get into the bathroom at one time. The water temp was not very hot for a shower.The hallway is so small, two people cannot possibly so side by side at the same time. If you get a room on the non-street side you will be looking at brick walls from the neighboring hotels...no view at all. It looked depressing.The staff was so-so. Appeared not to like their jobs. When we called to have the Conceirge to call for restaurant reservations for two separate nights. He was rude and said he was too busy and to call back in about an HOUR! I couldn't believe it and actually went immediately downstairs and found no manager on the premises, so will contact Marriott to complain when I return home. No help available at night to help with luggage.Although I'm trying to remain positive in regards to positive things of the hotel. The last good thing about it was a GREAT deli next door. This is also your room service...which does time a long time to receive.All in all, for a frequent traveller, I was highly disappointed in this hotel and never will return.	
Mar 6 2008 	Let down by this hotel!!	Beware when booking this hotel. Booked through Marriott website months ago for 5 nights from 14-19 March and had confirmation received at the time. Yesterday the hotel emailed me to say they had received my cancellation (which I never sent). Have rang them twice from Ireland to undo cancellation with no success. They say they have no room available. I think it is disgraceful to overbook the hotel and then try to blame it on the customer. If I cancelled it then why didn't they send me back a copy of my email cancelling - because it didn't happen - that's why! so disappointed in the Marriott - will never stay with them anywhere in the world, never!	
Feb 19 2008 	Good Value	The Marriott Courtyard on Fifth is a great value! Centrally located in Midtown with excellent shopping and cultural experiences located nearby. The subway is several blocks away (which is a little inconvenient) but certainly walkable distance. The staff was very nice, helpful and attentive. The doormen were especially helpful holding bags for us after we checked out and arranging for a car to the airport. The breakfast buffet is served at the adjoining restaurant and is pretty standard for a Courtyard breakfast- the service was exceptional though. The rooms are not huge but I have been in smaller. The bathrooms are similar. I found my stay to be quite quiet despite other users reviews. It is nice to have the deli next door for cheap snacks and meals. I think the Courtyard is an excellent value for such a prime location.	
Jan 16 2008 	nice hotel	stayed at this hotel with my husband and daughter for 8 nights in december 2007/january 2008.very pleased with everything about this hotel, location great for shopping and sightseeing, room clean and cosy, and great housekeeping.the only down side was that our room had no view whatsoever, we looked out on to walls and offices.we were on the 22nd floor so we did expect to be able to see something, but as we didn't spend that much time in our room it was not a major issue.we went to pax wholefoods for breakfast each day as it is great fresh food at vey good prices.	
Jan 10 2008	Great Location	We stayed here for 4 nights, we found the hotel to be clean, nice bathroom and had very comfortable beds. The room was not overly big but was fine as you do not spend a lot of time in the hotel. We found the location was perfect a few blocks from Time Square, Empire State Building, The Rockefeller Centre and Grand Central Station!	
Jan 5 2008 	A very pleasant stay.....	My girlfriend and I stayed here three nights on points. My expectations are generally low for hotels in NYC as they can often be cramped and noisy. I must stay this hotel exceeded my expectations.The room was well appointed and had one of the most comfortable beds I have had at any hotel. Nice LCD TV and the room was actually nice sized for NYC. The bathroom was somewhat small but very adequate.The hotel is very well located on the corner of 5th and 40th right by the NY Public Library. You just can't beat the location and can walk to Times Square and access the subway easily.The front desk staff was courteous and helpful. We had the breakfast buffett on one day and thought it was adequate.The one downer was the elevators. They took forever. This is a 30 story, 600 room hotel with two elevators--so be prepared to wait.Overall, I would not hesitate staying at this hotel again.	
Dec 16 2007	just right!	We used our Marriott rewards to stay for five days. Excellent location, We had a king bed room.. more than adequate as we aren't the type to spend a lot of time in the room.. Have had smaller in NYC!! Very no frills lobby. Had breakfast for two in the adjacent restaurant.. A small but nice buffet. What more do you need to get up and get going!! If breakfast is not included, head two doors down to the left and eat at the Charlies.. It is a combo deli, grocery and buffet!! During the week , there is a full compliment of salad bar and hot foods that you buy by the pound... lots of choices.. weekends are slim pickings as they dont put much out since the business crowd is gone. We walked everywhere but you can get a cab right outside the door if you want.. Remember that the traffic may take longer to get where you want to go than just walking .. Nothing fancy, but clean and safe.... would recommend it to anyone!!!	
Nov 6 2007 	Excellent Location and Excellent Service	I stayed in this hotel for six days when i travel with the family to my first visit in the US and all i have nothing bad to say about it.It has a excellent location, a couple of steps and you are in the heart of Manhattan (Times Square/Broadway), besides you are near of the major Avenues.The Service has very friendly, they leave you the USA Today every day next to your door, plus you have free internet access by cable in your room (with a good speed actually) and free wireless access in the lobby, if you don't have a laptop you have there 2 computers and a fax/printer so you don't have to worry.I tried also the Restaurant below the hotel, and i love it. The service to the customers has excellent and the food has great! If you like salmon you have to try it.Getting to the hotel is easy and you have there a excellent service with the valet's that book you any show/tour you want and call you a cab/limousine/rent a car if you need it.I have nothing to complain since i love going to New York and i wish to return there more often, there are plenty of people in the street, you don't need any transportation since you can walk to anywhere and you have anything you want near you.Awesome experience, i recommend it to anyone.The only thing that i need to warn you is not to use the Super Shuttle service besides i have to wait 30min in the airport they didn't show in the day to pick us up to the airport in our way back. Thankfully i was able to get my refund do this terrible service.Sorry about my poor English and good travels to everyone :D.	
Oct 4 2007 	Love Courtyard Fufth Avenue	We stayed in Courtyard Fifth Avenue 3 East 40th Street for two weeks and feel at home there. The hotel is nothing special in facility and the rooms are small, but the location is superb, near to almost everywhere... We are really impressed with the staffs, from the friendly front desk staffs to the very helpfull and knows everything guest service man ... he helps us almost with everything... from restaurant recomendation to car and limousine booking and he recomends really good limousine driver and answered all our question promptly. He rreally made us feel at home in our very first visit to New York .Will definitely recomend this hotel . And will definitely looking forward to come back to this hotel again.	
Sep 25 2007 	Fantastic!	We were here for two nights earlier this week. Great staff with helpful recommendations for restaurants and very nice bar staff too. The hotel is in a great location, just by the New York Library and within easy walking distance of the Empire State Building. It's a 10-15 minute walk to Times Square. Our rooms were nice and a good size by Manhattan standards but do not have a view. Bathroom nice, good amenities, and lovely soft beds and pillows. There is a coffee maker in the room. Elevators are speedy. The bar is very nice and Roberto was a wonderful server and really made us laugh. Go to Blooms for breakfast right down the street. Eddie on reception deserves special mention for all the help he gave us and the staff helping us with our bags were very friendly, courteous etc. Can't say enough good things about this hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 28 2007 	No problems but NOT worth the money	We meant to book the other Courtyard hotel just two blocks down on the same street, but made a mistake. So we were a little disappointed on principle.Bellhop / doorman very helpful both on arrival and departure (different people). Reception efficient, but nothing special - I certainly didn't feel welcome as an elite Marriott Rewards customer.There is very little to the hotel. It has a tiny lobby, tiny little exercise room, and a coffee area that was not in use when we were there. But there is restaurant to one side of the hotel and a deli to the other side (the Deli will do room delivery).The room was mostly clean, small, (but then all NYC rooms are small), the beds were very comfortable, the a/c worked well (but was very noisy), the free internet was not speedy (and not wireless - so had to compete with my teenage son). All in all the room was fine.So what's the gripe? Simply not worth a $429 for one night before tax. There is far better to be had in NYC. I guess location may be one reason, or the other will simply be people misbooking the 9th most popular hotel in New York for this one! Because I certainly will not go back at that price.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great location pleasant room - but SO noisy!	The Courtyard by Marriott New York Manhattan/Fifth Avenue is centrally located at Fifth Avenue and 40th Street and is a tall, narrow building with a tiny lobby and reception area. So, that's your first clue that the rooms will also be small - and they are - but they have been recently renovated and are functional, clean, fresh-smelling spaces. The bathroom was surprisingly large, relative to the size of the room.However, the renovation budget obviously did not include any allocation for soundproofing - and, because the hotel is so centrally-located, it is on a very busy street, with loud trucks and honking taxis at all hous of the day and night. And, because the rooms are so tiny, the neighbors are in close proximity, and you can hear each door open and close; every sneeze; every toilet flush, etc. DO NOT accept a room on 16 or 25 as those floors have noisy ice machines in the hallways - yes, in the hallway, not in a closet with a door as you would find in most other hotels.Beware, too, of any rooms on the non-street side of lower floors as they are claustrophobic - the windows offer views of brick walls of the tall neighboring structures. (We changed from floor 3 to 22 and were much happier.)The staff is quite pleasant and accomodating - but do not expect any offer of help with baggage or hailing taxis - those services are non-existent.The deli next door is open 24/7 - so that's your room service.All in all, it's a fairly good value, but I have stayed at much nicer, quieter, NYC hotel options in this price range. I won't be returning to this Courtyard.	
Aug 23 2007 	excellent 	consdering the peack period, we got a double room, small but clean, despite the dust on the side table. the staff r more than polite and helpful. may be the facade of the hotel needs do be more chique. close to bus stop and subway. i recommend it if you didn't find roomsavaialable at the Marriott Marquis. try to check the Marriott websitein advance to find a good deal.	
Aug 22 2007 	Perfect Location	This is a perfect location to stay in NYC.Walking distance to Times Square, Grand Central Station, Central Park &amp; Empire State Building.Located at 5th Ave. &amp; Bryant Park so you can turn the corner and shop until your hearts content.The rooms were very clean and we stayed in 2501 and this is a king room with a desk and sofa and a very large bathroom.Very large room for NYC standards.The view wasn't great at all and this Courtyard doesn't serve breakfast but all in all I would highly recommend and would stay there again.Maybe their are some small rooms there but not ours.Are rate was great too! Worth every penny.It is not the frills and thrills of staying at Times Square but not the price either.	
Aug 18 2007 	Very friendly	Midtown Manhattan, great location, friendly and helpful staff, rooms somewhat small but clean and well appointed.	
Aug 15 2007	Nice Staff and Good Location	We booked this hotel on the same day and we were pleasantly surprised. The staff was polite and helpful. The rooms were small but that was to be expected. You are right near Bryant Park and the Library. You are close to shopping and walking distance to the theatre district and there is an in-room fridge. I would recommend this hotel for a weekend stay only because any longer might feel claustrophobic in that tiny space.	
Aug 14 2007	Just OK	I have stayed in many wonderful NYC hotels, so all of the glowing reviews for this hotel puzzle me. Yes, the hotel staff are friendly and accomodating and the location is central to all midtown hotspots, but otherwise, this facility is simply adequate and no more. There is no lobby to speak of, and the rooms are small without refrigerators and are in need of some maintenance (my safe did not work either -- I probably had the same room as the earlier reviewer). The mezzanine coffee bar was not replenished regularly and the adjacent bar and restaurant closed extremely early. This Courtyard is reasonably priced, comfortable,clean and definitely acceptable in a pinch, but do look elsewhere first.	
Aug 2 2007 	Good location.	Good central location and everuthing works as it should. Breakfast out of house - in local vicinity, but limited choice. Free Internet access on two computers on mezzanine level.	
Jul 20 2007 	Wonderful!	Just last month, June 13-17 2007, my party of 6 went to New York and stayed at the Courtyard new York Manhattan/Fifth Avenue at 3 East 40th Street. We booked the rooms by using Marriott reward points, but the rate that we would have paid was $395. The location was the best that we could ask for. We booked two double rooms, one for my mother and myself, one for my uncle, aunt and two cousins. The rooms were smaller than they generally are throughout the country, but for NYC, they were of a good size. My mother and I had plenty of room, including room to store our luggage. My other family members were a bit cramped, but there are four of them and they tend to be a bit chaotic anyway. The beds were VERY comfortable, especially after a long day of walking! There was also high-speed internet in the rooms (in addition to two computers and printers in the mezzanine, which was great -- so that you can print off your boarding passes). The bathroom was of a good size (pretty standard for anywhere), and the soap, shampoo, etc. provided was of good quality. Housekeeping was great as well!We did eat at the attached restaurant for breakfast one day, and although it was good, the offerings were limited and when they run out, it took a little while for them to replenish. There were eggs, bacon, sausage, fresh fruit (it was good!), waffles, croissants, bagels, cereal, a selection of juices, milk and other beverages (I may be missing something, but can't put my finger on it).The better place to eat was Cafe Charlie's which was on the other side. It was twenty-four hours and is a cross between a convenience store, a grocery store and a restaurant. There was food that you could take of a shelf and purchase, a salad bar set-up with many different options, including fresh fruit (delicious and perfect!), and a grill area where things were made-to-order, including bagels, french toast, pancakes, etc. The only meal we ate there was breakfast, and it was great. We did stop in one night after we had gotten back late and got some cake, which was very good (strawberry shortcake, cheesecake and black forest were what we had). This is another good part of the location of the hotel, so I thought it was appropriate to include it.Back to the hotel: the staff was wonderful, always offering help! When we went to Phantom of the Opera on Friday night and were running late, the concierge ran down to 5th Avenue, hopped in a taxi and brought it to us. They were all very helpful with anything we needed!The hotel was very quiet, as there were only seven rooms (if I remember correctly) on each floor. We never had to wait for an elevator for more than thirty seconds. There was a gym with a couple of treadmills, stationary bikes and a few more machines. There were two computers and printers that were available for guests to use which was great, as we could check-in for our flight back home and print off our boarding passes. The hotel itself was gorgeous and looks just like the pictures on the website.The Marriott Company has still not disappointed us!Please let me know if you have any questions!	
Jul 10 2007	Nice hotel in a GREAT location in midtown	We stayed here for 2 nights over the 4th of July weekend using Marriott Reward points.This hotel is in a fabulous location in midtown on 40th St. at 5th Ave., just 1/2 blk from the NY Public Library, 1 blk from Bryant Park, and a few blocks from the chaos of Times Square.We agree with the other reviews about the small rooms, but of course, this is NYC and small hotel rooms are commonplace. I have stayed at other NYC hotels in the past (Sheraton NYC, Paramount, etc.) where the rooms were actually smaller than at this hotel. Our room had a queen bed which was comfortable. The closet was small but we didn't need to use it. The bathroom was pretty small as well, with minimal counter space, but a decent shower/tub. The A/C unit was loud but that was OK with us as the walls were VERY thin and we could hear doors closing, people in their rooms, and when people got on/off the elevator. The plasma tv was a very nice touch.We had absolutely no problems with the timliness of the elevators. The most we had to wait for an elevator was maybe 1 minute.Staff was great, checking to see how our stay was and if we needed anything. They arranged for the car service to the airport.We did not eat at the hotel, but the &quot;Salmon Grille&quot; restaurant is supposed to be quite good and it has a nice patio which was always crowded in the evenings.We were out and about in NYC, so we really did not spend much time in the room at all, except to sleep. But if we did spend more time in the room, I think we would have become a bit claustrophobic. This hotel was just fine for us and we loved the location!	
Jun 18 2007	Noisy elevators and neighbours	Great location, average staff at check-in/out, very good concierge, free internet available at the business center and in the room. The room was ok, but I really had trouble sleeping since the elevators are really noisy and run all the time. I usually do not mind noisy neighbors but the wall was so thin that the head of my bed was shaking. I wouldn't have complained too much if I wasn't alone...	
Jun 18 2007 	Great location perfect for NYC	4 of us stayed here (2 couples) in February for 4 nights, it really is in a perfect location off Fifth Avenue. The double room is small but you don't go to New York to stay in your room, its spotlessly clean and has everything you need. Location wise it was great, the polish doorman is so helpful and will advise on where to go and how to get discounts.There is a 24 hour deli next door if you get peckish, and there are vending machines in the hallways of some floors on the hotel if you want a mineral during the night. Would definately return to New York and stay here again as it really was great. They also arranged a town car to bring us back to the airport (New Ark) and that worked out the same price as the cab to the hotel. Next time I'll just arrange for them to collect us from the airport.	
Jun 11 2007	Very nice hotel	My wife and I had our first visit to NYC. Room was not big, but nice. My son said it was bigger than the Milford Plaza which he stayed at in January. Staff was very courteous. Restaurant was nice. Stay off the 5th, 16th, and 25th floors. That is where the ice machines are. Very noisy as soon as you get off the elevators and the halls were much warmer.	
Jun 4 2007 	Great location for Christmas travel	Stayed here during December 2006 for some holiday shopping and sightseeing. Perfect location adjacent to Bryant Park which is now a picturesque ice skating rink and artists' fair with yummy hot chocolate and treats. One block off Fifth Avenue which is ideal for window shopping, but beware of the holiday crowds. Of course, Also adjacent to NY Public Library and a nice leisurely walk to Broadway. THis was helpful because we could not get a cab after the show, so we just walked back to the Marriott. Breakfast buffet is plentiful, fresh , and nice selection. NOt sure of the cost because we had free vouchers. Our room faced 40th street and the noise was not that bad. All staff is very accommodating. Their recommendation of pizza joint down the street was exactly what we wanted. Rooms are newly renovated and clean. Nice Bath and Body Works toiletries. THis is not your hip, see and be seen hotel, but rather a decent choice for shopping, sightseeing, and dining in the heart of Manhattan.	
Jun 1 2007 	Teeny rooms so be prepared	I read previous reviews of this hotel which were quite positive and I decided to stay here for one night for business. On the positive side, It was quite clean, renovated and the lobby was basically a place to check in with an elevator....the restaurant was off the lobby. It's in a great location off Fifth Avenue and 40th Street. I was shocked at how small this hotel is in comparison to other Courtyards/hotels I have stayed at in Manhattan and other large cities. I am actually a New Yorker so I am very familiar with Manhattan and this hotel was located very close to where I had an early business meeting so I thought I would spend the night rather than having to take a very early train in from the suburbs. I checked in about 9PM and the room had a queen size bed, a credenza with a flat screen TV, two night tables and a small bathroom (usually considered the size of a &quot;half bath&quot;). This was the entire room for $419 per nite (including all taxes).It was a good thing I only needed to sleep here and check out since there was no chair (other than the desk chair) to even sit on and you bumped into the bed each time you tried to move around the room! So.....I still say this location is great but be prepared to be claustrophobic in the &quot;queen size&quot; room or book a King or double bed room for a bit more money to have more space.	
Apr 25 2007	Good and Bad	The good:- location. Just off 5th ave and Bryant Park. - front desk service was excellent. - Room size was above average for NYC.- Bed was comfortable- best iron I ever used - Bar made a great martiniThe bad:- Shower head was broken and I cut my hand trying to fix it.- In-room safe was broken- Worst of all...this is a non-smoking hotel and I awoke to the smellof smoke coming through the vent in the bathroom every morning. Disgusting. I hope the inconsiderate person or people who smoked in their room were charged the appropriate fee to &quot;smoke-free&quot; their room again.	
Mar 30 2007 	I love it so much I stay here a few times a year!	My husband has to travel to NY for business a few times a year. Me and the kids go with him each time. his job usually books at a &quot;posh&quot; hotel but we have opted to have them book us at this hotel every time we go! We absoloutely love it. The staff is amazing (Frank, Oriando(sp?), Willy, and so many more!). the recognize us each time we pull up and take very good care of us. I usually have my boys in a double stroller, and they are excellent with helping me. They walk down to 5th to flag me a taxi anytime I need one(when it is raining), and they always have the info I need on anything. The rooms are clean and spacious, and great bath and body works toiletries. I find Salmon River(their restaurant) to be a little pricey and not much selection (I have kids!) but Cafe Charlie next door is awesome! They have a great breakfast, and anything you need 24 hours a day! Very close to everything, and easy to walk to anything. The bellmen help us unload our roofrack, and talk to and entertain the boys(ages 2 and 4), whenever we see them. I can not say enough about this hotel, esp. the staff (though it could just be we are good tippers LOL) I highly recommend to everyone!	
Mar 25 2007 	A Pleasant Surprise in Midtown	My friend and I arrived at the Marriott Courtyard at 3 East 40th Street Friday evening looking forward to our weekend in New York ; we were not disappointed. Staff members that we encountered were polite, knowledgeable, and professional. I received a phone call in my room after checking in and the evening before checkout to make sure everything was fine with our room and to see if we needed any services. The room was clean, the furnishings new, and although a little on the cozy side with two full ( very comfortable) beds, it was more than adequate given the small amount of time we spent there. We were there for a show at Town Hall so the location was perfect and within walking distance of most of the places we visited this trip. Our first night we ate at the restaurant, Salmon River; not being gourmands, we found the food good. They have a very reasonable pre-theater dinner menu. Next door on the other side is Charlie's Cafe open 24 hours. I think this hotel is a great value given its location and will definitely stay there my next trip to the city.	
Feb 26 2007	Great Boutique Style Hotel	My friend and I go to NYC at least once a year and we usually stay at the Palace. Their rates were out of control for this trip (Feb 2007) so I did some hunting and we ended up booking at the Courtyard 5th Ave. We were so pleased with this hotel! It's obviously not as posh as the Palace - but we didn't have one complaint. The staff were so helpful and friendly. We had a 2 double bed room. It was a nice size and the bathroom had plenty of space (Bath and Body works toiletries). There are only around 10 or so rooms per floor. It was very quiet and not so overwhelming (which we had found with hotels like the Grand Hyatt). There is an amazingly clean 24 hr grocery store next door (Cafe Charlie). The hotel is less than a block from the NYC public library/Bryant Park. We are picky travelers and have high standards and we would definitely stay here again!!!	
Jan 14 2007 	Great hotel!!	I am currently staying at this hotel while I find an apartment in NYC. I moved in here a week ago after a bad experience at a Ramada a few blocks southwest of this place. I LOVE it here. The beds, first of all, are the most comfy beds EVER. I also love having full control of the AC/heater (don't assume that all NYC hotels do this, I learned the hard way). It's always as hot or cold as I like it. The free internet access is great... I'd rather it be wireless, but if I had to choose between wired or sketchy wireless, I'd choose wired, so it's fine with me. The hotel staff is soooo friendly and accomodating. Everyone greets you with a smile and helps when you need something. The hotel itself is very clean and updated. I know the curb appeal isn't great with all of the scaffolding, but just look beyond that and walk into your own little home in the city. My only minor complaint is that room service is too expensive and doesn't really have a great variety of food. I know most people eat out when they're in NYC, but I'm stuck here for two weeks on business and sometimes I just want what's easy. Plus, being in midtown, there aren't tons of places right next door to eat (especially on the weekends). But walk a few blocks in any direction, and I guarantee you'll find something to suit your fancy. Oh, and Ray's Original Famous Pizza does deliver here, and it's WONDERFUL. The front desk was kind enough to give me menus of a few places. :)There's tons of shopping six blocks south and one block west, near Macy's... it's easy to walk there and back. And Times Square is an easy walk, too... The Empire State Building is very close, as well, as is Grand Central Terminal, which will take you anywhere you want to go. All in all, I would recommend this place to anyone staying in Manhattan... it truly has easy access to any place in the city and provides you with the comforts of home. You won't regret this one.	
Dec 30 2006 	A Great Experience!	I stayed at the Courtyard Marriott when it was still the Clarion 5th Avenue, before the renovations, but it was a great experience. It was my first stay in New York, and I was nervous about where we would end up, but I didn't need to be. The location was perfect, we walked to Grand Central Terminal almost every morning in about 5 minutes, there was a great place for breakfast (fast, cheap and good) along the way, recommended by the concierge (Frank!). 5 minutes in the other direction was Times Square, the Empire State Building was just down the street, so was Bryant Park, we were in the middle of everything. The staff was friendly and courteous. Our rooms were very clean and comfortable, I thought the lobby was very nice, with plenty of room, the service was great. Everyone was very helpful! I don't think we could have asked for a better location, better service, or all in all, a better hotel for the price we paid! I'm planning a trip back to New York, this time taking my family (teenagers!), and will try to stay at this hotel again!	
Dec 7 2006 	Lovely hotel comfy and clean	We stayed here on St Patricks Day Weekend in March. The hotel had just undergone a refurb, rooms were very clean, there was enough room for the 2 of us. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Hotel is central to all tourist sites and shopping. Had an excellent break, would definately stay in this hotel again. Its not 5* luxury, but then we didnt spend a lot of time in our room as we were shopping all day, and taking in the night life at night. If you want a cheap but comfy hotel then i would recommend this one.	
Nov 27 2006 	Great Hotel	This hotel was just what we were hoping for. Friendly staff, clean room and great location. We will definitely use this hotel again.	
Nov 20 2006 	Brilliant location!	This is a fantastic hotel to stay. You are in good walking distance to the ESB, Times Square, Central Park, 5th Ave, Grand Central. This is a fantastic location!The staff were very friendly and couldn't of helped us more. The rooms were spotless and comfortable.I would definately stay again!!!!	
Nov 10 2006 	Excellent stay excellent staff	I stayed at the Marriott with my sister and mother. The hotel is an average one but they employ the nicest, friendliest staff I have ever met. The rooms were adequate, with good sized comfy double beds. Our room was very clean and was cleaned every day. For three women in New York we felt extreemly safe staying here.The best thing about this hotel was definately the staff. They were so helpful, answering all of the many questions we had, even providing bus timetables for an out of town shopping centre with all the relevant information highlighted.The hotel was situated close to the New York Library and central to most of the sights. We walked everywhere and although it was tiring, you see so much more of the city.I would definately go back to this hotel, mainly because the staff made us feel so welcome.	
Oct 8 2006 	Perfection!!	The courtyard 5th ave was absolutely perfect for our 9night stay. Great central location. We were in NYC for the us open so was in great proximity to grand central station - about a 3min walk. Being close to grand central was also great for getting to other sights around town as all the trains to wherever we wanted to go left from there. Also great proximity to time square and empire state builiding. It was about a $4 taxi ride to up town or a 10-15min walk. Our room was everything and more than i expected. It was just like the pictures on the website. The room was all very newly updated and done up. The room was modern, very functional and housekeepers kept it very clean. Staff were friendly and helpful. There was a great deli right next door and a drug store round the corner. We asked for a non smoking, twin room on a high floor and all our requests were granted. As its just of 5th ave, there was no noise either. Prices are reasonable by new york standards I found. Great hotel would definately recommend to those not wanting to splash on hundreds of dollars for a plush hotel or stay in a dodgy rodent infested rundown hotel.	
May 9 2006	Not awful but not up to par	The lobby was very small with the construction taking up a good portion of it. If the hotel was ever crowded, I could only imagine that people would have to wait outside until they got to the &quot;front desk&quot; in the lobby. The &quot;front desk&quot; consisted of a folding table with a tablecloth and two folding chairs. It looked very unprofessional. I understand that the lobby is being made over, but it still looked very uninviting and cheap. Additionally, since the people were seated, you had to &quot;talk down to them.&quot; It was very awkward.The location of the hotel was better than I thought. Very central, very close (about two blocks) to a number of subway lines, about a block from Bryant Park and Grand Central Station. Also, having Charlie's Cafe next door was convenient for any snacks and drinks.The elevators ran pretty well and we didn't have to wait long to use them as opposed to some other Marriotts in NYC.The room and bathroom were a decent size for NYC standards, but I think they may have put us in a disabled room so that could have made it a little larger. The decor was modern. I had a couple of beefs - one was that the pillows were virtually nonexistent and the comforter was extremely thin. The bed was also kind of hard. However, after we called the front desk to bring more pillows and blankets, they were brought up within minutes. Also, there were only two fairly small bath sized towels and they felt very cheap, thin, and itchy. A full slate of the normal toiletries were missing (i.e., hair conditioner). The shower was okay, but the shower head was not the greatest in comparison to other hotels that have much stronger water pressure.Checkout was easy, but we had one major problem. We had heavy bags and no one from the hotel offered to call us a cab as is regularly done at virtually all other hotels. Additionally, not too many cabs came down 40th street where the hotel was located. When the bellboy saw us waiting for a cab, he only told us where we should head to get one. What happened was that we had to drag the bags for about 4 blocks without any success in getting a cab until we came to the Marriott Residence Inn. There, two Marriott limo drivers helped us to get a cab. We were very frustrated and disappointed in the lack of service in this area at the Courtyard.All in all, the reason why we stayed at this hotel was because we got an unbelievable deal. However, I would never pay the going rate at the time ($295) and would definitely stay at a much nicer hotel for the money.	
May 6 2006	Redone rooms good location	I was very pleased with the rooms, which were recently redone. I thought it was more upscale than a typical non-urban Courtyard. The location was good. The lobby was being redone, but that did not influence my stay in any way. The restaurant looked good, though we did not get a chance to eat there. I would definitely stay there again.	
May 1 2006 	Excellent experience!	Stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in April '06. I checked in at 6 p.m. and was in my room 5 minutes later. My requests from booking were honored without a problem (no smoking/high floor) and I was put on the 28th floor. The room was about 15 feet from elevator but there was no noise because there are only 7 rooms per floor. I also never waited more than a minute for the elevator at any time of day. My north-facing room had a decent view of taller buildings and windows that opened, which was great for fresh air and only heard a minimal amount of street noise. The room, bathroom, bedding, furniture, etc. were all clean and new. The room was small, but very well-appointed. Throughout the week, I was always greeted with a hello and a smile not only from ALL of the hotel's employees, but often some of the locals traversing the streets.I did not try the hotel's continental breakfast, but there is a great new deli/market 20 feet away that has 24hr. salad, soup, and chinese food bar as well as beer, wine, soda, etc. for reasonable prices. There is also Mulligans Pub at 39th and Madison (2 blocks) that has good food and drinks. Times Square, Rock Center, and Empire State Building are only 15-20 minutes by foot for all the tourist traps. Try the street vendors that line 40th and 5th Ave. Eat where the locals are, not where the mom and dad with 4 kids and a video camera are. The B, D, F, V, and 7 subway lines are only a block away at Bryant Park for quick trips to out of the way eateries. Grand Central Terminal is only 4 blocks away and has dozens of great food, drink, and people-watching opportunities. Also, the subway was very safe and clean, even at night.My experience here made for a perfect visit and I am ready to return to this hotel already.	
Apr 23 2006	Safe Choice/Great Location	We got a rate of $300 per night including taxes. I couldn't find anything with 2 queen beds closer to Times Square. The lobby was small, they just basically check you in and check you out, but we found the service to be great. A concierge intervened when we stepped outside to get a cab and he knew the guy was going to rip us off. The room was exceptionally clean and the bedding is the new Marriott style that people have been referring to . We enjoyed the wireless internet service and the large flat screen tv. Getting around....It was an easy walk to TImes Square, even with a 9 year old. The Library and Bryant Park are within a block and are great places to sit and people watch. You can grab a bagel and coffee at the street vendor or a more hearty breakfast sandwich at the affordable Cafe Charlie's next door which stays open all night. It is more like a grocery store but has soup, salads, deli, fruit and baked goods. We walked to this Marriott from Penn Station with our wheeled luggage and walked by both Macy's and the Empire State Building. We also walked from Rockefeller Center back down 5th Avenue to the hotel. Do yourself a favor and take your best walking or running shoes. It is also only a few blocks over to where the #1 subway takes you to the south end of Manhatten for the Ferry or Ground Zero. It felt like a very safe area right around the entrance.	
Apr 19 2006	Really pleased with this choice	We reserved two rooms here for three nights - on 24th and 12th floors. One room for 1 set of grandparents and another for other set of grandparents plus two 8 year olds. Yes, smallish lobby, etc but EXTREMELY clean - hallways, sheets, coverlets, bathrooms, etc. Excellent location - just around the corner from NY Public Library - great for wayfinding. Comfortable walk to Rockefeller Center (Top of the Rock is much better observatory deck than Empire State, $6 more gets a timed entrance, WAY less crowded deck, plus view of Empire State Building); New Amsterdam Theatre (Lion King); Grand Central; etc. Cafe Charlie's is a great breakfast, lunch, late night snack deli shop two doors down; also an emergency McDonald's is 1/2 block away. I was very happy with $279/night, and cannot emphasize cleaness of hotel and generally the area outside the entrance. I walked past the other Marriotts but not as impressed with location and immediate entrance area. I also like the $200/night Best Western Seaport inn with a roof terrace, but somewhat remote to Midtown activities.	
Feb 23 2006	Excellent location ....	A great location for all sight seeing - in under 3 mins walking you can get to Empire State building, Grand Central Station, 5th Ave shops, many restaurants, Time Square.Hotel is good - smallish lobby but rooms are clean. On the smallish side for US hotel rooms, but for UK travellers they are fine. Worth trying hotel restaurant - food is excellent, and good value esp the pre-theatre dining menu available until 7pm. Nice bar to sit at too.Bell boys are a bit rude, pushing their cabs, talking on their phones etc and staff not overly friendly. Ask for a high up room to avoid some of the street noise. Nice coffee machine and good size tv. No bubble bath incl in room though, just shampoo.Overall a fine choice if you can get a fair price, and the location just makes it superb for tourists.	
Feb 1 2006 	Good Location Good Value	I have stayed at this location twice. Once in 11/05 with family and once in 1/06 on business.Pros- Good price (for New York)- Great midtown location- Marriott quality and service- All rooms appear to have been recently remodeled with new Marriott look.- Awesome TVs - large flat screens!Cons - - Small rooms- Lower floors get lots of street noise- The lobby has limited storage for luggage so storage is a tough job for the bellman. They are usually grumpy about it - but they have good reason to be! Plan a few extra minutes to store/retrieve your luggage.	
Dec 2 2005 	Clean Friendly Pleasant	I booked this hotel at a conference rate of under $200. I wouldn't have thought of this hotel except that it was on the conference list choices and the price was great. I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms were exceptionally clean, the service was very friendly and prompt, and the Internet service is free. It's a great hotel for all the basics. There is a restaurant attached called Salmon River that offers room service. It's okay for a quick bite or drink, but New York has more to offer for food.Great location, walk to Penn Station, Grand Central, shopping galore, midtown a hop away. Also, I was put in a handicap room when I checked in. I asked for another as the sink was akward and they upgraded me to an extra large king after one night.I would recommend for no frills if you get a decent price and good for business travellers.	
Oct 18 2005	Courtyard Marriott on 40th @ 5th Ave	I found the price ($339) and the location to be ideal for my long weekend. Within easy walking distance of Times Square, Empire State Building, Fifth Ave. shopping, Grand Central Station. The rooms have just been remodeled, the staff pleasant, and the area safe. Note: There are two other Marriotts within 6 blocks, one of them also called Courtyard, but probably a bit more expensive.	
Oct 2 2005	Not impressed	This property is new to the Marriott Courtyard chain. They have some kinks to iron out. It is on 40th St just off 5th Ave. Great location. And the price of a room reflects that location - $400 per night. Even in NY, that's a pretty penny for a room. These rooms are not yet updated to Marriott's new bedding. They are very small. Don't be fooled by their attempt to make you think that this is a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel. It's not. The rooms are just plain small. The service is nothing great either. Front desk staff was more Fairfield level service. I had breakfast in the restaurant once - service was terrible, food was poorly prepared. There are much better dining options just around the corner. I am a Platinum Elite with Marriott and I stayed for a full week. Apart from the bottle of water and package of 4 cookies that I got as my &quot;Platinum Gift&quot;, no one in the hotel staff or management acknowledged my stay. I get the same gift at the $89 per night Courtyards. They have 2 elevators for 30 floors. Sometimes it takes a while, so plan accordingly. Bell service is hit and miss. The couple of times I needed them, I had to wait. So, again, plan accordingly. Overall, a disappointment. I would not go back there. For $400 a night, New York has lots of other options.	
Sep 1 2005	Very central for shopping	I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in febuary and found it excellent. The staff were more than friendly and the hotel was very clean. It is the perfect location for a shopping trip as it is so central to everywhere. Would highly recommend this hotel even though the rooms are a bit small it more than makes up for it in location.	
Aug 4 2005	Great Location	The location of the hotel was amazing!!! We moved to this hotel from the Sheraton on 7th Avenue as friends had paid for that and we couldn't afford it!!! We arrived the day after Christmas and although it was check-in time (2pm) no rooms were ready. We left out bags and continued on with the day, when we arrived later that day we then had to request out bags to be brought up (I guess so the porter gets a tip)Although the room was smaller, it's NY and who stays in the room? It was super clean, had two double beds and plenty of room for all the shopping we had been doing. Staff were helpful in organising a car to take us to the airport and pointing out where things were.We paid $110US a night but since then it's changed hands and I think gotten more pricey. Next time I come to NY I'd stay here again if the price is right, the location is fantastic, within walking distence to everything midtown which is basiclly all the famous things you here about. It's no Sheraton but it was great for what we needed.	
Jun 21 2005	Location location location and much more	I stayed at this hotel June 4-8, 2005. Please note that renovations started at the hotel on June 15, so much of what Im writing may no longer apply.This hotel is at a great location  40th Street and 5th Avenue. One can walk to Broadway theaters, MOMA, the Empire State building, and Bryant Park (with free, public WiFi) is less than two blocks away.It is a typical Courtyard, so it does not have a real lobby, there's no in-room minibar or fitness room, and the bar in the restaurant (Salmon River, which I found to be adequate) is not open past 11 p.m. In-hotel dining choices are very limited, but it's Midtown. Just start walking in any direction; one will encounter a dozen dining options in less than two blocks.The rooms are small, but comfortable and more than enough for one person; two people might find the accomodations a little cramped. The lone closet was very small, and the in-room safe is on the shelf above the clothes rack. I had to stretch to reach the safe, and I'm 5' 8'. A much shorter person would have to stand on a chair to reach the safe.Check-in was quick and I was allowed into my room well before the official 3 p.m. time. Throughout the stay, I found the staff to be friendly and efficient. the room was kept spotless.The real test of any business is how it reacts to problems. I had two issues during my stay, and both were resolved quickly and professionally. A few hours after checking in, I could not get my laptop to connect to the free WiFi the hotel provides. A call to the front desk brought a maintanence man to my room in five minutes. When he could not solve the connectivity issue, the hotels tech guy promptly came to my room. After he, too, was unable to get my laptop to connect, I was moved to another room, where my laptop connected immediately. The whole incident, from my first call to when I was surfing the 'Net in my new room, took less than 45 minutes.On my third day at the hotel, the toilet became clogged. I called maintenance and went to dinner. When I returned less than an hour later, the toilet was running properly.I thoroughly enjoyed my stay, and will stay at the Courtyard Fifth Avenue again.	
Mar 7 2005	5A	We stayed at the Hotel 5A as part of our 3 month world trip in mid-Januaryand stayed for 5 nights.The hotel itself is quite nice, a very nice lobby and the rooms were in excellent condition, nicely decorated, modern and very clean. They are however fairly small, but my partner and I had no problems with all our luggage and didnt feel over crowded (i had a hockey bag and a very large 90 litre backpack). You dont spend alot of time inside your hotel room, so who cares if it is a bit on the small side, that is...unless you have kids with you, which I could see being a problem.The location was wonderful, a stones throw from grand central and the NY public library, our room had a good view of the empire state, which at night looks especially impressive. Located right off Madison Ave and basically right on 5th avenue makes it a good hotel if you like doing a bit of shopping. We walked basically everywhere we needed to go, including the empire state building (10 mins), Times Square (less than 10 mins), Rockafeller Centre (12-15 mins) and Central Park (outskirts in 15 mins). So you can easily walk everywhere, with the exception of most downtown sites (ground zero and the statue of liberty, brooklyn bridge etc..) with which you can easily catch the subway from grand central to anywhere!So overall we were very happy with our stay at the hotel 5A. The staff were very friendly and helpful and it was perfect for our stay.I would stay there again next time im in NY, provided the price is right, we got a decent special online so ended up paying around $100 CAN.	
Mar 6 2005	Functional	Stayed for 4 nights in March 2005. Overall the hotel was clean, both in public areas and in the rooms.The staff were generally helpful and efficient - we were allowed to check in early, and the Bell Capt was friendly and had good information on local features.No noise from other rooms but the street outside is a bit of a disturbance. In room wireless seemed to work ok too (which is always nice!).The room was serviced daily although definitely put out the 'Privacy Please' sign unless you want an early wake up call!Only complaint was a porter who was rude and uncommunicative when asking to leave bags for a couple of hours on check out due to a late flight. He seemed to be like this with everyone.I would stay here again for sure. It's a great location for reaching most things Manhattan.Additionally, if you want a good breakfast, go to:Moonstruck on Madison, 244 Madison Ave at 38th St.which is very close to the hotel and served up some great food!	
Jan 6 2005	Loved this Hotel - Perfect!	Just back from a 6 night stay in New York city.We stayed in Hotel 5A for the first 2 nights and had already booked a second hotel for the remaining 4 nights.We loved this Hotel - it was so central and it is only 10 steps away from 5th Avenue. We didn't want to move to the second hotel - which turned out to be a complete let down and a further 4 Avenues away from 5th Avenue.The rooms were small but clean and I have no complaints for this hotel.The staff were very friendly and check in and out was very quick!When I return to New York - I will definitely stay here again!	
Jan 5 2005	No Complaints	My husband &amp; I stayed at Hotel 5A for 3 nights over New Year. The service was very good &amp; check in was easy &amp; quick. Our room was clean &amp; the bathroom was spotless. The room was of adequate size, but considering how much time we spent in it this didn't bother me &amp; it was bigger than another hotel that we had stayed at on a previous visit. The location of the hotel is excellent, opposite the public library, 10 minutes walk from Times Square, and within walking distance of the Empire State Building, Macy's, Grand Central Station, Rockefeller Center &amp; of course, Fifth Avenue!!I would definitely recommend this hotel &amp; would stay there again in the future.	
Dec 28 2004	Great hotel!	We have just got back from New York from the holidays and stayed at Hotel 5A. The staff is very nice, and the room is great! My husband and I have been visiting New York at least once a month, and we think Hotel 5A is one of the nicer hotels we had stayed in in the past 6 months (in the $100 price range.) The room is small but not tiny, and the bathroom is very nice. Definitely will go back again!	
Dec 10 2004	Much better than reviews	I stayed at the Hotel 5A on about 4 occasions. I was apprehensive at first after reading some of the reviews but found my room to be very, very nice. I think since I arrived late I was upgraded and enjoyed the room very much. The front desk staff was great especially when i needed to stay an extra night and didn't have a reservation. The previous night I was quoted a price near $200 but the next day when I inquired the front desk person said that they were almost sold out and that I could stay for the same low rate. The room is very nice and has all the ammenities that I need. The neighborhood is &quot;Dead&quot; at night but very good location for business. I will stay there again.	
Nov 30 2004	Enjoyed my Stay at Hotel 5A	I just returned from my long awaited trip to New York. Our stay at the Hotel 5A (formerly Clarion) was very nice. The rooms were small, especially for 4 people, but we managed. The staff was courteous and well informed. It was a great location, right around the corner from 5th Ave, and was within walking distance of Grand Central Station, Times Square, and the Empire State building. I would definitely stay there again,	
Nov 17 2004 	Good location Good Value	I stayed in the hotel for one night, on business. As NYC hotels go, this was slightly above average, especially for the price. I requested, and received, a high floor room, with no problems. The room was smaller than I expected (about 10' x 10'), but the bathroom and the carpets were clean and no defects. My air conditioner in my room was not as cool as I would like, but I didn't give them the opportunity to fix it as I was not in the room that much, so I can't comment on whether they addressed it or not. I was surprised and pleased to not be charged a penalty for early check-out, when my plans changed. For location, it is very convenient to Midtown (9 blocks), Times Square (5 blocks) and Herald Square (6 blocks) so it works well for those traveling for pleasure.	
Nov 12 2004 	I'm a little inconvenient.......ok maybe a lot.	The location of this hotel seemed safe enough. I have no complaints about the size of the rooms or the furnishings. However, service was another story.My check in was slow. Real slow. The gentleman had to ask another clerk questions, so my guess is he was new. That was fine, I waited patiently through my 25 minute check in, got my keys and went up to my room. So far so good.I then headed out to run down the street to a drugstore, when I came back, my room key didn't work. The same guy, made a new key for me, I went up to my 26th floor room, and had to come right back down. This key didn't work either. Another key was made, as I waited for the elevator, I overheard the clerk calling engineering on the radio. He had asked engineering in a very unprofessional way to meet me at my room. Engineering met me there, but my key worked this time. I left two more times that night. Each time my key did not work. Each time I met my friendly engineer at the door, who was becoming increasingly unfriendly. The last time I saw him he said to me, &quot;will you be going out anymore tonight? I need to get some work done&quot;. Geez buddy. How about fixing the lock or offering to move me to another room? When I checked out the next morning, I told the desk clerk about my problems. He said, &quot;oh, well here's your receipt.... can I help who's next?&quot; Need I say more?	
Nov 10 2004	Small and dirty hotel but great location	Don't be fooled by the nice lobby. The standard rooms are a bit substandard and small. The room was musty and the carpet dirty. Our sheets were not changed the next day. But it was in a good location, and for $30 you can park in a nearby garage. All in all, okay, but I probably wouldn't stay there again.	
Nov 9 2004	It was right there! perfect for us!!!!	Its a perfect hotel for us NOT from USA!! I meen its right there in the middle of NY its close to every thing. The Hotel was good nice service and they helpt us with all our questions. Why not exellent we were 4 in our room and it felt a little small thats about it! But again we had 3 great nights there 3 cracy Swedish people and our best friend Marnie that we love so mutch!	
Nov 8 2004	I'd recommend it to friends/family...	We spent a weekend there in October...and I was very pleased!! The hotel staff was very kind...the hotel was clean and had a professional appearance. The location was excellent...and fairly quiet at night. We will definitely stay there again.	
Nov 4 2004	Wow!	This hotel was truely awesome! Located at E40th and Fifth Ave, near Bryant Park and the New York Public Library, this hotel is in the perfect place. If your a sightsee'er this would be the perfect place for you! Times Square is only a 5-10 minute walk away, as is Rockefeller Center, and the theatre district isn't any further as well! If you're into looking at all the famous buildings in NYC then all you have to do is leave the hotel, take a right on 40th and head to Fifth Ave and look left. Right there is the Empire State Building and if you look straight ahead again you're looking at the New York Public Library. If you don't want to head left on Fifth Ave to the Empire State Building then turn right and head down about 6-8 blocks and you will be at Rockefeller Center. Or keep on going on Fifth Ave and a few blocks later you will be at Central Park! At the Hotel 5A there are so many directions you can go from this hotel, if you are in NYC sightseeing. Now as far as the hotel itself goes, this hotel was beyond words! The staff was awesome and at no time was I ever disappointed with the service. When I placed the &quot;maid service please&quot; card on the door the room was cleaned from top to bottom! The bathroom floor and counter was marble and was very nice and the bathroom itself was large. The room I had was a double and I had plenty of room. In the room was: TV with cabinet/drawers, desk with chair, a straight back chair, a/c and heat, 2 end tables for the bed, lamps all throughout the room, nice carpet, and a safe. There is nothing at all I could say bad about my stay at Hotel 5A. The day I left I called down to the doorman to arrange for a vehicle to take me to the airport, they also will arrange any transportation you want from touring the City to whatever else. The car arrived early to get me to the airport and along the way we had to stop at the ATM, they don't take credit cards. No big deal though! The driver was very nice and polite and even showed me some of the areas outside of Manhattan that I otherwise wouldn't see. In closing, if you're considering the Hotel 5A for your stay in NYC you won't regret it. I got very lucky with the rates I paid for my stay compared to the budget hotel I booked weeks earlier. I actually only paid $50.00 more for the 4 nights at Hotel 5A then I would have paid at the budget hotel I booked earlier. The desk clerk was shocked when I checked in, at the rate I received for my stay. For a 3-4 star hotel my rate was dirt cheap! Like I said, this hotel was totally awesome and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a hotel in NYC. There is also room service that is awesome, although a little expensive but well worth it! There are 2 elevators that run fairly quick and there was only 1 time I had to wait for an elevator to arrive at my floor. So, give this hotel a try.....I assure you you will not be disappointed!	
Oct 29 2004	Great location...Good Value	I had read some mixed reviews of this hotel before going to New York, so I was aprehensive. However, I was pleasantly suprised. The hotel was modern. The rooms were well appointed for the price, and spacious ( for NYC). The staff was friendly and helpful, and the concierge went above and beyond. The hotel location was great! Right across the street from the New York Public Library and Lord and Taylor. Perfect for economical cab travel throughout the city because you are right in the middle on Manhattan. As a single female travler, I felt safe in the area....which is also a big plus. If you are looking for a good value in a great location....Hotel 5a is for you.	
Oct 26 2004	Pretty clean good location professional staff	The Hotel 5A was pretty clean, very convienent and had a professional staff. The bathrooms were fairly large (for Manhattan) and pretty modern (marble countertops). Apparantly they are renovating the entire hotel in early 2005 so it should be even nicer. We did priceline and got it for $90. They will upgrade you to a queen for about $20 I think. This hotel is a solid 3 star.	
Oct 24 2004	Hotel 5A (formerlly Clarion) - recommend to anyone	My family stayed at the Clarion in August 2004. The room was clean and comfortable and the staff at the hotel were very accommodating. Excellent location and safe walking any time day or evening. Restaurant on premises was also very good with a good variety on menu.	
Oct 1 2004	Good for the price!	My boyfriend I stayed at the Clarion for two nights for our first visit to New York in July 2004. We found a special through travelzoo and only paid about $130 per night. Although the hotel is a block off 5th Avenue, it's great location. The lobby is clean and the desk attendent was pretty friendly (not professional though). The rooms were amazingly clean and the bathroom spotless. If you don't need room service 8:00 in the morning, put up the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign because the maid will try to enter.For the price that we paid, it was definitely worth it to stay a block off 5th street, close to all the sites. The rooms were bigger than average size of most NY hotel rooms that I looked up. Would stay again for that price.	
Sep 28 2004	Nice Place	I was told we would be provided a coffee pot but when we arrived they would only provide one for two rooms, so we had to share it. They said they will no longer provide them after this. That was a hassle, but they did try to accomodate us. I hope they will re-evaluate the coffee pot policy! Everyone at the desk gave us great service otherwise, and our room was clean and nicely furnished. Very small room, but we were comfortable. We paid $199 per night from 9/18-9/23. Eddie the doorman - not exactly the friendliest doorman but he got the job done so we were happy. Maybe he just had a bad day. Overall, we liked Hotel 5A and will be back if the price is right. The price we paid may have been a little high.	
Sep 27 2004	Worst excuse for a hotel possible. Don't stay here!	I read mixed reviews about this hotel and decided on it for my business trip to NYC. I travel every other week and until now have only written a review once before. It was for the marriot in Maui that was magnificent. Hotel 5A on the other hand was horrible. The lobby was clean and modern as were the rooms. The rooms were small (typical for NY, I won't hold this against them). I was satisfied with my choice the first night. However the maid tried to clean the room at 8:15am the next morning. She knocked and proceeded to open the door. I was about to leave but my girlfriend was still sleeping so we asked to please come back. When I returned to my room that day at 6:00pm the room was still not done. The room had been unoccupied for 7 hours, plenty of time to clean it. When I mentioned this to the front desk they said they would send some one up. I returned again to the room after dinner (Room had been unoccupied for 4 hours) and found that no cleaning service had happened. The next three days the same exact thing occured. Service comes at 8:15am, when my girlfriend is sleeping and I am just leaving, and never returns. I return to an unclean room each day, tell the front desk and nothing is done about it.The restaurant called Salmon River was equally pathetic. I ordered a salmon burger and took one bite. It tasted like canned catfood rolled into a patty. I refused to pay for this. This is the first time I have ever done this. On the last day I checked out and found that they had charged my credit card for the room. The room had already been paid for by Alaska Airlines vacations. After I got this fixed we asked to check our bags at the front desk so we could get some food before we had to leave for the airport. I was told that the bell boy would be out in a few seconds to take care of it. We waited in full view of the person who just told me that for 20 minutes. Finally the bell boy showed up and just told us to put our bags over in the corner of the lobby, not some secured closet with claim tickets, just in the lobby. We could have done this ourself and had time to get food, but now we didn't.This place is the worst and the service was non-existent. I hope it goes out of business today. 	
Aug 26 2004	Convinient Location	The Clarion Hotel was conviniently located near most tourist attractions. The front desk staff was cordial but not overly friendly. The first day, we arrived at 7am and they were nice enough to have a room available right away, which was helpful. The room was TINY and we had no coffee maker or fridge!! As with the other reviews, I'm not sure how thoroughly the room was cleaned but our towels and toiletries were replaced daily. It was an OK hotel for the price and location...and if its a good deal, I might consider staying there again.	
Aug 18 2004	Happy New Year	We stayed at the Clarion for New Year 2003-2004. The hotel was excellent. The staff were fantastic and so was the location. The only down side was the room size, although we cannot complain. The rooms were clean and a sufficient base for our stay. The bar/restaurant (the salmon river) which is part of the hotel was superb. Excellent food and drink made our stay in New York that extra lttle special.	
Aug 11 2004	Moderate Price and great Location	We recently stayed at the Clarion New YOrk city with our 2 teenage daughters and 21 month old son. The Clarion was a great location to eveything.The people who work there were very helpful and accomadating. We did have a problem when we arrived.. We booked on the internet and were suppose to get 2 double beds and a crib. But whenwe arrived at 12am midnight we got a double and a single couch sofa bed. They assured us they would find us a room in the morning which they did.. They were out of cribs but did get a roll away for us. Make sure if you book on the internet you call yourself to confirm what type room accomadations you need. We would def go back..	
Jul 29 2004	Pleasant clean at the Clarion Fifth Avenue	My daughter and I stayed at the Clarion Hotel in a standard room from July 23 to July 28. The room was clean, pleasant and quiet. One of the telephones was not working the first day, but the engineer came and replaced it within a half-hour. Housekeeping supplied a toothbrush and extra pillows at our request. The staff at the front desk was not overly friendly, but they did answer any questions we had. We did receive one call from the front desk at 6:30 AM asking if we had left any luggage at the airport. (We had not.) Our last night we received a phone call and a knock on the door from someone who had been given our room number by mistake. That suggested to me that the system for keeping track of guests and room numbers is flawed. We did have easy access to public transportation, and we felt walk safe walking in the neighborhood. There were many places to eat nearby. We liked the Chef Express for a quick breakfast, or lunch. There is no food available at the hotel after 9:30 PM except from vending machines. I felt that we had a good experience for the price of the room. (We had a combined airfare/hotel room package).	
Jul 27 2004	Loved the Clarion	We loved the Clarion, great staff very friendly, the rooms were clean and lovely. Perfect location. Close to most of the popular tourist attractions. Would stay there again.	
Jun 5 2004	Good Location	I stayed here with my wife and 2 kids this past week.The room was cramped for 4 people but we managed,given the short periods we spent in there.The staff were pleasant enough,not excessively rude or overly friendly.As the other reviewers have said,the hotel is in an excellent location but I was expecting a little more for $180 dollars a night. Would recommend for location but I'll be trying elsewhere the next time I visit Manhattan. PSAsk for an upper floor room,we were on the 6th floor the first night and never got any sleep because of the noise the cooling fans make outside.I asked to be moved and we were given a room on the 21st floor which was better.	
Jun 5 2004	Great location	We stayed there from May 28th to June 4th. I was a bit leery after reading some of the comments. We arrived early and was checked in promptly. Customer Service was friendly compared to the service we received in NYC in general. The The hotel is small with a very nice lobby. It looks very nice from the outside.Our room is very small but adequate. We got our hotel through Priceline so we did not have high expectations based on otherr hotel reveiws. Our room was by the elevators (2) but due to the size (6 rooms per floor?) of the hotel, most of them were by the elevators. We smelled smoke the minute we walked in. We did not complain and opened the windows. The carpet is soiled. Furnishing is okay (desk, nightstands, tv armoire, iron, coffee maker, arm chair,2 phones). The bedding was not appealing. The sheets were not 'pure white'. Bed skirt had stains on it, the blanket has holes and the bedspread looked filty - couldn't decide if it was dirty or the colors. The bathroom was clean and I liked the shampoo and conditioners. Marble top countertop, hair dryer and the tub was clean. It did not look like our floor was mopped at all the entire time we were there. I did not think our tub was cleaned. The soap wrap and empty shampoo bottle were left in the shower the entire time we were there. Not sure if they did not clean it or did not want to touch our personal items. My hair was left in the tub and soap scum was on shower facet and this indicated to me that they did not clean it. New towels were replaced and the sink facet and countertop were cleaned daily.Here is the best part! We were there for 7 nights and our sheets were not changed once. I put a light pen mark on it and the mark was there every nigth we returned. I did that on the fitted sheet so I cannot say about the flat sheet and the pillows. We wore our clothes to bed and lined the top of the pillow with our clothes. We closed the windows to bed to avoid using the blanket. Our concern was whether the sheet was changed from the previous occupant. We decided not to say anything since we left our worldly possession there and did not want an angry housekeeper to tamper with our stuff. We had a good time in the city so I cannot say that it ruined our experience. I am not sure that I would stay there again though. 	
May 12 2004	Anniversary Trip 30th	Fully enjoyed the week stay. The hotel employees were very helpful and friendly. The room was very clean and the view was good. We were on the 30th floor and even though looking out there was an office building in front of us but looking to the left you had a pretty good view. Wasn't disappointed at all. Only complaint we had was with the restaurant connected to the hotel-Salmon Run, employees short with answers and at times actually rude. But with our location in midtown we had a variety of places to dine out. Would definitely stay here again on next trip to NY.	
May 10 2004 	Fantastic!!!!	Fantastic hotel, great location and good rate. Paid $124 for this hotel on the corner of 40th St. and Fifth Ave. About 2 blocks to Macy's and the Empire State Building and a 10 minute walk to Times Square or Rockefeller Center. Not alot of service, but the rooms were good sized for NY, very clean and everyone was friendly from the front desk to the Concierge to the Bell Captain. Would definitely stay here again, simply for the location!!!!!!!!!!!!	
May 9 2004	very happy	The room was small, but very clean. We stayed on the 18th floor and the only noise we had was from jack hammers on the street. No noise from other tenants. Staff was very helpful, especially Haydon. Our flight didn't leave until late--so when we checked out our luggage was stored at no charge. We would stay again.	
May 1 2004	Amazing location stylish (but small) room		
Apr 30 2004	perfect location lovely hotel		
Apr 29 2004	Would Stay here Again!		
Apr 19 2004	A great hotel		
Oct 31 2003	good		
Oct 18 2003	A Great Choice		
Oct 13 2003	Convenient 		
Aug 27 2003	Great place to stay!		
Jun 30 2003	You Can Do Better		
Jun 24 2003	Nice little cozy place		
Nov 22 2009 	De lo peor!!!!!		
Aug 31 2009 	Idalement situ avec tout le confort requis		
May 6 2009 	Zimmer schmuddelig und abgewohnt		
Jan 13 2009 	Parfait		
Jan 2 2009 	Bon Hotel trs central		
Jul 19 2008 	Excelente! Muy recomendable		
