	Small modern quiet rooms but awesome location	My hubby and I took advantage of his miles for a night away from the kids. The location is amazing right in the middle of 5th ave shopping, tons of restaurants, and walking distance to many areas if u enjoy walking that is, hello this is NYC.The rooms r small no doubt about it but they r very modern, clean, and quiet. U can hear people in the hallways.I have seen rooms in fancy NYC hotels that r rundown and noisy so this is bliss. The staff r very nice. There is parking at a indoor lot (right side) on 46th between 5th and 6th ave which u can get a discount from staying at the hotel.	
Nov 24 2009 	just OK	For the price, it is hard to beat the location of this hotel. The rooms are the smallest I have ever had in the city &amp; I have stayed at many places. It is clean, it is quiet, and it is very convenient.	
Nov 22 2009 	Good Enough	Small hotel. 6 rooms per floor. smallest hotel room I have ever been in. the king bed took up most of the space. we were there for only one night, so it did not matter. the room was cleanpicked the hotel for the location. near the show we were seeing and the restaurant we were going to. Free breakfast was adequate. very small lobby. and very busy.no parking on site.	
Nov 18 2009 	Smallish but clean and conveinient	The title sums it up. I don't have another hotel to compare it to, but it met my needs.	
Nov 9 2009 	Unexpectedly great property	I normally stay in much more upmarket properties than Holiday Inn Express but this time decided to take a risk on this well-located and priced property and was happily surprised. The lobby and breakfast area are quite cramped, but the staff is friendly and professional. Lots of choice at breakfast, including yogurt, pastries (lots and lots of pastries, which I don't eat), bananas, oatmeal (instant), pre-made omelettes (again, not too appealing), hot beverages, and milk and juices. Free computers (including internet) and printer at the lower level (the staff describes this as a &quot;business center&quot;), convenient for printing your boarding pass, etc. Free wifi in the hotel as well. My room was small but otherwise just about perfect: very nicely and efficiently fitted room with all sorts of premium touches: in-room coffee maker (including green tea), heavy wooden hangers in the wardrobe, very good lighting in the room, mirror at the desk, comfortable bed with very soft linens, TV with lots and lots of stations (including foreign language). Bathroom immaculately clean and beautifully fitted (if small), with great water pressure and pretty much instant hot water supply. Full array of toiletries, with offer of complimentary other items if you've forgotten them (and I'd forgotten a razor, so just picked one up at the front desk, where I was also offered shaving cream which I didn't need). Only two elevators, so a bit of a crush in the late afternoon, but they are at least very fast once you're in them. Some noise from people in the hallway, but otherwise very quiet.	
Nov 1 2009 	Wonderful place to stay in NYC	We were very impressed with this hotel - they let us check in early and leave late - staff were incredibly friendly and accomodating (Randy the bellboy was very helpful and didn't appear to expect tipping every time we saw him but just enjoyed his job which we were very impressed with). We had a spacious suite on the 10th floor - it was overlooking office blocks and was very quiet and absolutely spotless. Location perfect for sightseeing. Free internet access on the lower ground floor and breakfast was a bonus.Everything else has been said in the other reviews - but we will certainly be returning to this hotel!	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect Location for two girls on the town!	I took my daughter for surprise 5-day trip to NYC for her 16th birthday. I actually got reservations at the Holiday Inn Express through Priceline, so it was a really good deal. We LOVED staying at this hotel. The location is absolutely perfect - right off 5th Avenue for sightseeing and shopping. Just the right distance between the Empire State and Central Park. Really close to all the subway lines. The rooms were small - aren't they all in NYC? - but nicely furnished, clean and comfortable. The free hi-speed allowed us to blog our whole trip! The staff were very friendly and helpful - no city snobbery in sight! We had an truly wonderful time. It was so easy to see everything and get to everything from this hotel. We could easily stop off to drop off purchases or change clothes between activities. I would stay here from now on if I ever travel to the NYC again, unless of course I win the lottery and can afford The Plaza! :)	
Oct 6 2009 	Fantastic value Excellent location	I was a first time visitor to New York and I stayed at the hotel for one week. The free breakfast which was included was very convenient. The hotel also has free internet. The hotel is very close to time square, the visitor information center, local bus tour companys, the subway system and most Broadway theaters. It is also within walking distance of 5th avenue shopping, the UN, the Chrysler building and Grand Central station. The front desk staff were very helpful.	
Sep 20 2009 	Ok	I booked this hotel from the rave reviews posted on tripadvisor. Upon arrival, the receptionist was quite abrupt and not friendly. But it seemed that new yorkers I have met there adopt this sort of nature. The room I was given was near the emergency fire exit stairs. And the room smelt like cigarettes. I requested a non-smoking room and told the staff but said that it was a non-smoking room. But I told them it was not because I can smell it, and then she replieds that there was not 100% guarantee of my request. I wanted to move to a new room which was non-smoking but the staff would not allow me to move. They offered to &quot;spray&quot; the room to get rid of the smoke. That ended not happening. I had given up trying to ask for a non-smoking room and left it as that. The room was very small. The toiletbowl was not clean properly when I came, but other than that it was quite clean. it had good cable TV which was good. The continental breakfast was fantastic but not much space to eat. Food was scrambed eggs, sausage, boiled egg, yoghurt, cereal, toasts, bagels, pastries etc... There was free internet but because there are so many people in the hotel, i had to wait for ages for it as there were only two computers. It was difficult to sleep because i was near the fire exit, so heard the door slam quite a bit and I was near the elevator so heard many noises. Because hotels are so expensive in New York, this would be the suitable alternative but I would not go there again for the price I paid which is 240 dollars a night. I would try to find another hotel.	
Aug 30 2009 	Awesome hotel would definitely stay again	This hotel is in the perfect location.. very close to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Grand Central etc. I traveled with 3 college friends and we never felt unsafe in the area at any time. The staff always greeted us with a smile and were very helpful. When we asked for towels at the desk, they were delivered almost immediately. There is a nice continental breakfast in the morning, with more food options than most continental breakfasts I've had. The rooms are a little on the small side, but that should be expected in NYC, and we were out sightseeing the majority of the time anyways. The beds were very comfortable and the room wasn't noisy. If you're interested in a nearby bar/pub, there were about 3 or 4 very nice irish pubs in between the hotel and Times Square. If I ever go back to NYC I will definitely be staying here again.	
Aug 20 2009 	Convenient to everything	This hotel is in a great location for seeing many of the attractions of Manhattan. It is close to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and shopping on 5th avenue. Other attractions are only a short subway or taxi ride away. The hotel itself is a typical HIE with clean rooms, free internet, and free breakfast. The only difference, as noted by other reviewers, is that the rooms are pretty small and the lobby area is fairly small. We did not have a problem getting a table in the morning for breakfast, but the breakfast area is not as roomy as a normal HIE hotel. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Overall, we found this to be a great hotel for the price and an absolutely fantastic location for our long weekend vacation away from the kids.	
Aug 13 2009 	Small smelly rooms	The rooms seem clean but are very small ; same for bathroomsnot alot of place to move around in roomOur real problem was that the room smell bad; like urine. We tried to switch rooms but head the same problem. The reception could not really help out as it was late and we had a baby with us we decide to stay for 1 night. In the morning the reception confirmed it was bad filters that need to be changed in the AC; but did nothing to compensate our unconfortable stay.Other than that the location was great but if you need parking plan to walk about 1.5 blocks as it is not close, very expensive and with an extremely rude staff	
Aug 5 2009 	Good Value - Great Location	Stayed here for one night with my daughter and a friend. The room was small as expected, but completely adequate for the three of us. We were impressed with the cleanliness of the rooms and the comfort of the beds. We were on the 4th floor right next to the elevator, but never heard noise from the elevator or the street. The breakfast was very crowded in the morning, but you could use a tray to bring it up to your room. We just grabbed some juice and a danish and were on our way.The best part of this hotel is the location. Just off of 5th Ave. for shopping, a few blocks from Rockefeller Center, Grand Central and Times Square.We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 28 2009 	very small room and very crowded breakfast bar in the morning.	The rooms are very small for the money and even though breakfast is included in the stay, the breakfast area gets very crowded during morning. This is in the main lobby so you also keep bumping into travellers checking out. Overall not very impressed.	
Jul 20 2009 	Fine value great location	The hotel is at 5th Avenue and 45th st. There is a deli/store across the street and one two doors down. We had a clean bedroom with king sized bed. The room is very small, but we spent three nights so unpacked our case and put it in a corner. This is the best thing in such a small room. There is a hanging wardrobe and three large drawers as well as two nightstands, desk and storage in nightstands and on top of wardrobe. You need to organize a bit to make it comfortable but we were fine. There is NO safe. There was no noise from street or outside our room, but the air conditioner was noisy. The bed was very comfortable and the linens extremely good. They supply a breakfast downstairs and it is a bit cramped when busy but is adequate. During the day it makes a useful place to sit after you have checked out. Wi-fi is free and fairly fast. The location is really great - walk to Times Square and most other places. Will definitely stay here again. We booked through the Holiday Inn website with no problems except they were full and our choice was a bit limited.	
Jul 14 2009 	Be careful booking through Hotwire!!	I booked through Hotwire. I indicated we were 3 adults. They booked us in a one bed room. The hotel never noticed that in the reservation it does say 3 adults. I even phoned holiday inn express to clarify this 1 week prior to departure. The hotel was full for 4 days and they brought us a sleeping bag instead of a roll in bed. Camping? at this hotel yes! at least for one of us. I paid more than 700 dollars and stayed for 4 days like this. I opened a case with Holiday Inn customer service. Nothing. No refunds. Same with hotwire. I am still waiting for another refund from them for another mistake. No news yet. Now I am in Boston. Hotwire and Holiday inn in the same situation. Booked in a single bed room. Fortunately there were other rooms available this time. Again, Holiday Inn front desk person told me that when you get discounted rates you can't pre select your room. That's why despite of my 3 phone calls before arrival, the room was still single one because that is what hotwire did 3 times! I would not use them when you are more than 2 adults. Period. Still... waiting for the other reund... and I don't think Holiday Inn will compense me in any way. Here you have the pictures.	
Jun 24 2009 	Awful HOTEL!!	I pre-booked this hotel with 4 people and non-smoking room. I got there and had a King Size bed and smoking room. I could not get my money back and they would not put us in a different room. Parking stated $35 per day but that is only for the first day and the parking is around the corner from the hotel.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great for overnight stay	We spent the first part of our holiday in another hotel which provided a bigger room for 4 people. On our return to New York for our last night we stayed in this hotel. The Hotel is in a great spot, clean and pleasant staff. The only negatives were the size of the breakfast room which was really far too small to accomodate the amount of traffic and our room size. We could only open 2 suitcases at a time and then could not walk past each other without one person backing into the bathroom to allow the other past. Also couldn't open the door with case open.This is impossible to see on the internet when booking. It was just by luck that our longer stay was in a bigger room. It's a shame one can't get dimensions of rooms before booking. I don't know if all rooms for 4 people are that size but for longer than an overnight stay it would be really uncomfortable. Not wanting to finish on a negative note we also booked through the Hotel Reception a car to the airport which was good value, arrived at Hotel on time even a little early and our driver was a very pleasant chap.	
Jun 22 2009 	Location location location a good value hotel that offers a bit extra.	This was our first visit to New York and being unfamiliar with the area needed somewhere to stay that was value for money, functional and within a reasonable walking distance of all the tourist destinations. Thankfully, this was a first class choice based on the original criteria. Yes, there were some blips (very minor), but this is to be expected as I did not expect five star service for two star costs. However, all issues were always promptly sorted out by efficient staff, who, in the majority were courteous and polite. I would never expect, or want, gushing service in America, especially in New York and with one or two exceptions (reception staff - not the whole team - one or two individuals ), most staff were fine and helpful. If you are looking for a base in New York that will not break the bank, is clean, comfortable and safe, I would doubt that you could beat this hotel.	
Jun 20 2009 	perfectly fine - excellent location	I brought a group of college students to NY and we stayed here. The service was great - everyone was very friendly. The rooms are tight, but nicely updated and clean. Breakfast was included - and its a decent breakfast - eggs, bacon, etc. not just stale bagels like some places. i recommend it.	
Jun 18 2009 	Very disappointed	Customer service is very poor here.No smiles and no warm greeting. Almost unhappy to see you there.No wake up call recieved when asked for one. No extra pillows when asked.Had to ask again the next day.Asked to have sheets changed cause my friend spilt some thing on the sheet. I took the old sheets off the bed and the housekeeping made the bed with the dirty sheets.They brought clean sheets after I complained and housekeeping said they would help ME make the beds.The manager said the next day housekeeping said they didn't do that with the sheets.So what is he calling me and my family liars?Made us feel very unwelcome . Choose some where else. I wish I had.	
Jun 16 2009 	Very poor guest service	I found very good deal ($115/nt for two nights) at hotel website. We were family of four, so I clearly marked 4 people would check in. Alas, the hotel staff checked us in one king, saying the hotel was oversold and not available to give us two double but would provide a rollaway bed. Unfortunately, the room was barely enough for one king bed; no way to put even a single rollaway bed. Again, the hotel was oversold, so we didn't have a choice but to stay at the other hotel. Front desk manager was not very helpful either-he insisted that he could and would not refund(we prepaid), even he admitted that there is no way to accommodate us in that room. It is a clear breach of contract by the hotel; if they sold a room for four people, they should have prepared a room for four, no matter what. I know some hotels in Manhattan have smaller room than others, but at least they have appropriate maximum occupancy rules.My first negative experience with Holiday inn express.	
May 29 2009 	Great hotel great location great price	I stayed in the Holiday Inn Express in June 2008 with family. The hotel was in a great location and the main attrations were in a walkable distance from the hotel.We arrived at the hotel earlier than the check in time and were immediately given 2 rooms. The rooms were a good size for a city hotel and were clean and well presented. The hotel also offered breakfast included in the price which was a good deal, the breakfast was good and just what you needed before a long day sightseeing. I would also comment that the service in the hotel was very good, nothing was too much trouble and the service was always with a smileI would definately reccomend this hotel as I think it was fantastic value for money and in a great location	
May 21 2009 	Location is great	Subways are nearbyWalking distance to fifth ave n central park	
May 12 2009 	Awesome stay in the most awesome place...NEW YORK!!	This hotel is really tiny and may possibly be a litlle hard to find. It is 25 stories tall and has the most amazing view of the city from up there. The room is small but the services you get there are simply splendid. The staff is great. It is fairly new so everything is really nice. Great gym, business center and free access in your rooms if u have ur lappy. I think it is the only place you should stay at if you plan to stay very close to times square as thats is one place thousands of tourists prefer....Trust me on this one and go for it..cheers	
May 9 2009 	Very good Hotel	Location is between 5th &amp; 6th ave 45th street. Me and my wife stayed there for a 10 nights. Overalle it was very nice hotel - breakfast included every morning and room cleaning every day. Rooms are small but as much as need. There is free Internet connection (WiFi and LAN). Our room window was in the courtyard side and was almost quiet. Rooms had a air-conditioner. There was a TV set with 1912 programs	
May 1 2009 	A fantastic hotel	We (2 adults) stayed here for 5 nights and there was not one thing to complain about. The staff were extremely friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. The breakfast every morning was a wonderful bonus - only once was it too crowded to sit (get there early or take it to your room). Elly who works the breakfast area is very friendly. We were on the 22nd floor (top) and our room was at the front and it was very quiet - no noise at all. Anytime you asked for directions or suggestions from the wonderful staff at the front desk, you got great answers and great directions.The location is so very central to everything - Times Square and Central Park are both within walking distance, as is Grand Central.And yes the rooms are small - but they are extremely clean and how much time do you actually spend in your room.I would absolutely stay here again and would recommend it to anyone going to New York City.	
Apr 27 2009	New York City hotel	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express on 45th (between 5th and 6th ave). The location was excellent and the hotel was quiet! The rooms are tiny (it IS New York after all!) and the complimentary breakfast at all Holiday Inn Expresses leave a lot to be desired. BUT if you have safe things like cereal and yogurt, it is fine. With kids, it saved us a lot of money. The hotel staff,especially the desk staff, are friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean. It is a functional hotel and a decent price. Not good for a romantic experience probably. But in NYC you spend little time in the room because there is so much to do. I would stay there again. Parking is near the hotel and $35 a day which is a bit less than most hotels.	
Apr 17 2009 	Fine Mid-Town Hotel	The Holiday Inn Express is located on 45th Street and Fifth Avenue in mid-town Manhattan. It is an unassuming and fine hotel that serves very well as a base while in New-York City. Being centrally located you can walk to Times Square, Rockefeller plaza and other notable places. I found the Rockefeller plaza subway station on 47th street to be the most convenient for me, although you can easily also walk south three blocks to the 5th Ave (42nd St.) subway station.The rooms are quite small but meticulously clean with all required amenities. The bed, which occupies the majority of the room, is exceedingly comfortable and I had a very good night’s sleep. My room on the 18th floor had double-glazed windows so it was very quiet and I slept well. In front of the bed there is a large television with numerous cable channels. Close to the window is a small desk with a chair and tea kettle. Local calls are free. The shower is strong with hot water always available. The lobby is small, crammed with dining chairs and tables, and also serves as the breakfast dining area. In the mornings until 10:00am the lobby can be very crowded with people checking-out and a rather long queue to the breakfast buffet. I took a couple of food items (fruit, yogurt) and had breakfast in my room. The free breakfast buffet is upgraded and consists of fruit juices, breakfast cereals, bacon, eggs, toast, muffins, cream cheese, milk , coffee, tee, etc’..At the lower level of the hotel there are two free internet-enabled computers with a joint laser printer. It was very handy for checking email, reading restaurant reviews, and printing my airline boarding pass.Service at the hotel is excellent. The hotel staff is always friendly and helpful. The chamber maids do an excellent job of keeping the hotel tidy and reception is always efficient.I stayed at the hotel in early April, 2009. Official rates were about $270 (without taxes) per night but I was able to book a week long stay at hotel for $100 (without taxes) per night, via a non-refundable internet offer that I had placed about a month prior to my arrival.In summary, I had a good stay at this hotel and I recommend it.	
Apr 17 2009 	Ticked all the right boxes and more!	Having searched through what felt like hundreds of hotels in New York we settled on the Holiday Inn Express New York City Fifth Avenue mainly because of the unbeliveable price available for our 7 night stay on their website at the time of booking (4 nights at $130 and 3 nights at only $30 plus tax!).. well we couldn't have been more happier with our choice! The location of the hotel is superb.. walking distance to Times Square, The Rockerfeller Centre, The Empire State Buliding, Central Park, Macy's and Grand Central Station where we took the subway to the southern end of Manhatten for the ferry over to the Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island and Staten Island.The rooms are perfectly adequate in size (people who say they are small need to remember this is New York City - all hotel rooms are small - you don't much floor space for your $ dollar!). We had a king bed which was really comfortable, the room was exceptionally clean compared with other hotels I have stayed in - the bathroom sparkling.All the staff at the Holiday Inn Express New York City Fifth Avenue are very friendly, going out of thier way in some cases to make your stay enjoyable.A great added bonus to this hotel (and rare in New York City) is the free breakfast, and what a breakfast it was.. cereals, oats, muffins, bagels, crossaints, french and regular toast, eggs, yogurts, fresh fruit and the all important bacon, sausage patties, scrambled eggs and english muffins! This was buffet style in the lobby and served from 6-10am, you could either eat at the tables surrounding the buffet or take food back up to your room. There was also unlimited, free tea, coffee and fresh fruit left out all day and night in the lobby area.In conclusion I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anybody as it ticks all the right boxes and more..	
Apr 10 2009 	Very nice stay	As almost everyone have mentioned, the rooms are very small, and the breakfast area also. But for clean accommodation, a ok breakfast and great location, then look no further. Location can't be beaten, my husband and I walked to all major attractions. Rockfeller was so close, St Patricks Curch ,Time Square, Empire State and so on.Front desk people are excelent ( congrats Natasha ! you are so nice ! ).And its very quiet, even beeing so close to 5th Avenue no noise at all !	
Mar 25 2009 	Best bargain in New York!	After extensive research on various travel sights and tripadvisor, decided on this hotel. Chose it primarily for location and value for money. As many others have mentioned, yes, the rooms are small, the breakfast area also. But really, if you're looking for clean accommodation, great breakfast and location, then look no further. Location can't be beaten, and we practically walked to all major attractions. Save your money for shopping and eating, as this is a very expensive city! Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 22 2009 	Very functional but....	Ideally, I would have liked to give this hotel 31/2 out of five because although it was very practical it didn't really grab me. As others have said, the location was ideal for a leisure visitor to NY. It was right in the centre of Midtown, within walking distance of many major attractions including Fifth Avenue, Central Park, the Rockefeller Centre, Times Square, the Empire State Building, Grand Central Station, the Lincoln Centre, MOMA, Macy's and Bloomingdales......Check-in was pleasant and efficient . The room and bathroom were very small but clean and functional. There was a free standard HI Express breakfast which is a bonus in this expensive city. The only practical deficiency is that there wasn't a room safe. (I am sensitive to this because on a recent stay at a HI in Paris I used the room safe for my important documents but neglected to put my mp3 player in the safe and it was stolen from my bag.) It is difficult to assess value for money because I don't have much experience of NY. Another thing that makes it difficult is that the room rates seem to vary a lot with time: when I made the booking a long time in advance of my trip, I found that the room rate was $280 dollars+taxes (online at HI website) but just before travelling I looked again and the room rate had dropped to $180 dollars presumably because of the recession. It didn't matter to me because in the end I had decided to pay with my Holiday Inn Priority Club points but when I return to NY I will have to give this aspect of things some consideration. Why am I not more enthusiastic about this hotel? Well, sometimes when one is on holiday one likes a bit of charm/style in the hotel where one is staying - this is completely missing from this hotel. I found the lobby/breakfast area crammed and rather scruffy. In deciding whether or not to return to this hotel I will take all of the above points into consideration as well as the room prices of nearby hotels that have been recommended to me by friends (The Library and the Hilton Times Square).	
Mar 11 2009 	Great Location and value for Money!	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express for 3 nights in March with my daughter.The location I found to be excellent - 2 blocks from Times Square (about 5mins walk - if that!).The rooms, although small were very clean and of a good standard with very nice bathrooms and a powerful shower. There was a nice TV with a good range of channels and the free wi-fi in the rooms came in very handy!!I found the staff to be helpful and courteous and had no problems.The free breakfast was an added bonus for a New York motel and although there was not a huge range it was still well sufficient and set us up for the day's shopping!Would definately recommend this hotel for a shopping trip as great value for money with all mod cons!	
Mar 10 2009 	A relaxing place to unwind from the noise of New York	Just stayed. Great location. Rooms are small, but quiet. Enjoyed the breakfast in the am.It was an enjoyable change from the noisy hotels we usually stay in in Times Square. Not having to wait for elevators,etc. Free wireless in the room. Both my daughters live in NYC -one on the upper eastside, one on the upper westside and we could get to either in a 5 minute taxi ride. I was really suprised at how happy I was with this hotel.	
Mar 8 2009 	Clean convenient $115 incl. taxes; no complaints	Walking distance to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Fifth Avenue shopping, Hell's Kitchen, Port Authority, etc. We had a small but perfectly adequate room on the 20th floor. Typical Holiday Inn Express breakfast in the ridiculously undersized lobby. Look, this is not the Plaza, but for $100 a night plus tax it's a relative bargain. (Note: to get this rate, we had to book AND PRE-PAY through a hotel booking service -- I think it was Expedia. The pre-pay rate was not available through the hotel's own web site.)	
Feb 26 2009 	Good location - small rooms	This is a nice Hotel with a very good location close to 5th Avenue. The Hotel have friendly staff and clean rooms. The breakfast is OK (but the breakfast area is very small) and there is free coffée all day. But keep in mind that the rooms are small. We were 2 adults and 1 child and the room was a little bit to small for us. With only 2 adults or 1 adult and 1 child the rooms would be fine. I did the reservation early with a fixed and rather high fare, I assume you can get the room with a lower fare today. Alltogether a nice Hotel if you don't need space.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great Location	Staff were really friendly on arriving, took our bags as we were early. Coffee all day and breakfast was a bonus. A short walk from Times Square and lots of other sights in a quick walk. Room was small but big enough for two adults, safe area and a great pizza place a few doors down.	
Feb 6 2009 	Great place	Travelled to NYC for the very first time with three other friends and loved every minute of it. The hotel was extremely well kept. Added bonus was the inclusion of breakfast, which set you up until lunch (which should be taken in the cellar of Macys, they do wonderful salads). Although the room was at the front of the hotel, it was pretty quiet. Thank you to Skylar, a most polite and helpful young man on the reception desk. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone who wishes to travel to New York. Centrally located, very comfortable. It doesn't matter what size the rooms are, you spend very little time in them as you are only using them to sleep in and freshen up, so people should stopping moaning about this and go to a larger hotel.	
Jan 28 2009 	Great central location!	Recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Express New York City Fifth Avenue hotel. Was pleasantly surprised of the great location and fair price for two nights. Was able to book hotel online. Rooms are on the small side, but comfortable for a short trip. Easy access to Times Square and theater district. If need to stay overnight again would certainly consider this hotel again. Rooms were generally clean and furnsihings updated.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great Location	Stayed in Mid December, with my wife and two teenage chilldren, using Reward Points.The Hotel is as the name suggets just off 5th Ave, perfect for the Rockerfeller Centre, Times Square, Byrant Park, Central Park , Grand Central station all in easy walking distance. The rooms are small, but perfectly clean, and four of us managed to stay in one room for 3 nights with no problems, hey its New York what more can you ask.I was a little worried about tables for breakfast, having read other reports but this was not an issue, lots of space to enjoy a tasty well stocked breakfast for free, which was some saving on eating out.The Hotel staff were very helpful and Friendly, giving advice, and being cheerful. This included all the reception staff, cleaners and the Asian lady who stocked up the breakfast carts.Free coffee, hot water and Tea Bags were always available in reception, the one occassion the coffee ran out it was soon refilled and the staff couldnt apologise more. UK Holiday Inns take note.I arranged a car through reception for our return to JFK, as we going onto Florida for 2 weeks we had lots of bags, plus bags from shopping trips on 5th Ave, so the subway was not really an option, I was a little wary of hailing a cab at 8 AM, so I paid $15 extra for a car, which was worth it for the piece of mind and the service was very good.Would definatley stay again, need to start saving those Reward Points.	
Jan 20 2009 	A nice hotel in the middle of NYC actions!	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights about ten days ago. After a few days at a small budget hotel in the uppper midtwon east side, I decide to spend the 2nd part of my NYC trip near the Time Square area so I can be closer to the theaters and all kinds of actions. Hotels in the NYC Theater District are generally priced higher and this one is no exception, but I got a fantastic deal - &quot;stay 2 get 1 free&quot; so the price was unbeatable!Hotel premise is located on W47 in betwee 5th &amp; 6th (Ave. of America). This is a great spot in town and convenient to everything, including Time Square - only two short blocks away but without the hustlig bustlig of tourists coming ups and downs the street. Lots of eateries around the area and if you crave for shopping, 5th Avenue is only less than half a block around the corner. This hotel is not big - only 4 to 5 rooms each floor throughout the entire building so there is no fancy facilitiies like gym or swimming pool on premise. Hotel reception/breakfast area is cramped too. It's definitely a property designed for business travelers or tourists who won't spend much time inside the hotel. However, rooms are in decent size by New York standard (I had a room with two doube beds), cozy and nicely furnished: pretty much what you can expect from a typical H.I. brand hotel. An armorie with a LCD TV adds a bit nice touch. Bathroom is clean, spacious and is equppied with all amenities on the daily basis. The beds are incredibly comfortable. There is a little bit noise issue but really minor.Hotel price also includes free in-room internet acess, free daily breakfast and all day free coffee and tea. For cities as expensive as NYCs, these are absolutely big pluses for travelers. My hotel package included daily pizza delivered to my room but never got one. No big deal.Overall, this is a nicely located hotel with a lot of good features. If the price is right, it can be a great hotel choice for out-of-towners. I will most definitely consider returning in the future.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great little hotel!	I recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Express - 5th Avenue - from Dec 25-27th. The hotel was everything I expected and hoped for: great location, clean rooms, friendly staff, and a great price. I was traveling with my girlfriend, so naturally I was concerned about the cleanliness of the hotel and safety of the location. The rooms were very clean, and the location close to 5th Ave was perfect for us. No problems there. The rooms were on the small side, as expected in NYC, but even with the king bed taking up much of the room, it offered enough space for 2 people. The bathroom was good size, relative to the rest of the room. Most importantly, the hotel served as a good &quot;home-base&quot; for our stay in New York. The hotel has two computers you can use to check email, along with a printer. In addition to a light breakfast each morning, there was coffee, tea, and packets of oatmeal available all-day in the lobby. I'd recommend to any couples or single travelers who are staying in New York for a couple days. Not being familiar with the city, I spent a lot of time trying to book the right hotel - at the right price - and couldn't have been happier with this.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great location.	Stayed here while the election was on. Whole area was buzzing. Fantastic location for sight-seeing, theatre, restaurants, bars etc. Room was fabulous with quality bedding and fittings, very compact but great value. Immaculately cleaned and fresh towels every day. Reception staff very efficient and a decent self-serve breakfast with a choice of fruit, yoghurt, coffee, juices, breads etc. Would recommend for a short budget stay.	
Dec 7 2008 	Best price for location	This is a very good choice for midtown Manhattan if you want to be within walking distance to the main attraction sites and close to the subway stops. It is a new hotel, smallish rooms, good prices. Breakfast is included, which is good since other hotels charge up to $30.00 per person; however, the quality of breakfast is so and so (coffee and omelettes should be avoided, they were really not good). Our room was clean, no view, bathroom small but OK, with good hot water. Overall it is probably the best price/quality hotel in midtown Manhattan, just do not expect 5-star service. One small annoying thing on the bell service: when you try to get a cab, they will sway you towards private limos, which are more expensive. Ask for a yellow cab, instead, even if they may not be too happy about it, or just use the subway to go anywhere very cheaply.	
Dec 6 2008 	Really enjoyed staying here	Today (12.06.08) we are checking out after a two night stay. My wife and I really enjoyed this hotel. It is in a great location, but the street is suprisingly quite (which allowed us to sleep very well). If you are looking for an affordable hotel located near Time Square, then you should check this out. This same weekend last year we stayed at the Intercontinential Barclay. The room at this Holiday Inn Express was a tad smaller, but every bit as nice. In fact, the bed was more comfortable and the bathroom cleaner. Hope you enjoy your stay as much as we did.	
Nov 27 2008 	Comfortable and ideally located hotel	We found this hotel extremely comfortable during our short stay in New York. The rooms are quite small but there is plenty of space to move around, store suitcase’s and hang up your clothes – all you need for a city break as you spend very little time in your room. The room and bathroom are very well appointed and immaculately clean.Although the breakfast area is crammed into the entrance lobby we never found this to be a problem during our stay. The continental breakfast was ample for a start to the day and we always managed to find a seat.The location is perfect for a tourist to the area. You are right in the middle of it and are no more than a few blocks and walking distance from 5th Avenue, Rockafella Centre, Times Square, Empire State Building and Central Park. Grand Central Station and a number of other subway stations are nearby, although the subway system is a little confusing to start with! If you’re visiting in winter there is an ice skating rink in Bryant Park on 5th Avenue and 42nd Street which is a bit cheaper than those in Central Park and Rockafella Centre. This rink is still in a nice setting, especially during an evening.	
Nov 22 2008 	I Liked It but Husband Says "Never Coming Back"	Hotel has a convenient location on 45th between 5th and 6th Avenues. Easy to get to Grand Central. Considering the type of hotel this is and that there isn't a restaurant, it has a fair, no frills breakfast with both hot and hard-boiled eggs, meat, and pastry (hot cinnamon rolls) options. The breakfast area is located basically right inside the door, so it gets pretty cold when you are eating breakfast in the winter. Hotel does not have a work out facility, but it does have 2 computers with access to the internet (on the basement level). The rooms are quite small, with no closets, just a rack to hang clothes. We stayed in a room with 2 double beds (I think there is more space to move around in a room with a king). The bathroom is also very small. The beds are hard, which I really like but my husband hates, so you have to determine how important that is to you. We had to call several times to get toilet paper because, while there were 2 rolls in the room when we arrived, they were both almost empty. We arrived very early (8 am) with a check-in time of 3 pm, so they kept our bags until later. However, they did say that as I am a Gold Member for Priority Club, they would get my room ready and I could check in in a couple of hours. But being this is NYC, I wanted to go out and explore and didn't come back until 3:30. My room was NOT ready and I was told to come back later. When I complained, they got someone to get the room ready about 15 minutes later. I like the location (but as its not a big, main hotel, it's tough to get a cab at the hotel) but my husband hates the beds, small rooms, elevator noise that we heard all night long, and would prefer a place with a restaurant for breakfast to order. Only other point about the location, you do have to walk several blocks to get a subway. There are lots of hotels in NYC with much more convenient subway access.	
Nov 20 2008 	Excellent location and great value for money	My husband and myself stayed here with my 80 year old mother. The location is excellent - walking distance to 5th Avenue, Times Sqaure, Grand Central Terminal, Theatre district, Rockefeller Centre. We had rooms on the 14th Floor facing the street. There was some street noise - but no enough to keep us awake. The rooms were very clean and well equipped - hairdryer, iron and ironing board, and a blackout blind to keep out the light. Not as small as I expected based on previous comments.Whilst we did not use the the services of the hotel staff very much, they were all, without exception, polite, welcoming and super helpful - nothing was too much throuble. The breakfast is not haute cusisine, but has a great selelction of food ( from toast, through scrambled eggs and bacon to donuts) and is more than enough to set you up for the day.All in all I would have no hesitation recommending this hotel and would definitely use it again.	
Nov 14 2008	Decent Place	Check in was fast and friendly. The room was very small, smelled a bit stuffy, and facing the back of the building which, when opening the window we got a terribly greasy odor. However, the air conditioning did solve that problem. The Italian tour group staying at the hotel took over the breakfast room so we skipped the free breakfast. No worries, tons of great placed to eat within minutes. Loved the convenient location. All in all a decent place to stay in downtown Manhattan.	
Oct 30 2008 	Great Midtown Choice	My wife and I were very pleased with our 3 night stay. The location was near perfect for our needs: walking distance to the Brwy theatres, subway stations, and bus stops. Our room, although compact, was clean, quiet and equipped with ironing board, iron, and hair dryer. Included in the price was a daily breakfast that exceeded our expectations - eggs, bacon, sausage, juices, fruit, coffee cake, french toast, yogurt, hot and cold cereals, beverages. The hotel staff was friendly, accomodating, and competent. We were able to get into our room 2 hours prior to the 3 pm specified time. There was no charge to check our bags for several hours after checking out, so we could visit the Art Museum unhindered on the final day of our visit. A copy of the US News was slipped under our door every morning. Local calls were free, as was use of 2 PCs and printers in the lobby. The only glitch was a 15 minute delay in returning our two bags to us when we returned to the hotel after our museum visit so we could proceed to Penn Station to return home. We will give top consideration to staying at this hotel on our next visit to NYC.	
Oct 26 2008 	Enjoyable visit ..... but not as enjoyable as the last time	We stayed in this hotel on our previous visit to New York and loved it. This time, it was not as good. Despite being Priority Club Gold members, we still had to wait half and hour for check in .... even though our room was ready. The lift broke down one morning which meant you have to wait forever to get upstairs. Also the air conditioning needs cleaned.Despite this, the majority of our stay was enjoyable. The majority of the staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was enjoyable. Rooms are on the small side but they are clean and more then adequate.	
Oct 23 2008 	Great Location	We chose this Holiday Inn mainly because of the ideal location. Our room had two double beds and was on the 3rd floor facing the street. The windows that face the street do not have room darkening drapes so the street lights gave the effect of having night lights on all night. Our room was clean and comfortable. And the breakfast in the morning was great. They keep fresh, hot coffee flowing in the lobby all day and evening which was terrific! The only down side for us was the small size of the room. With two double beds there was only a tiny amount of room to move in the middle of and around the foot of each bed. We were only staying for one night so we could easily deal with it but would not want a room this size if staying longer.	
Oct 21 2008	A good place to stay	My husband and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express 5th Avenue for 5 nights at the beginning of October. The hotel is in a fantastic location and it's only a few blocks from eg Times Square, Bryant Park, New York Public Library etc.The hotel is not very wide, so you only get approx 6 rooms per floor. We stayed on the 12th floor (I think there are 20) and couldn't hear much of the traffic on 45th Street, apart from police sirens etc.The staff were very friendly and helpful. We managed to get a seat at breakfast every day and the food is of an acceptable standard, with both hot and cold food.The bedrooms aren't very big by US standards, however, they were big enough (they were about the same size as UK hotel rooms).I would thoroughly recommend the Holiday Inn and would stay there again.	
Oct 16 2008 	Great hotel in a great location	My wife and I spent 3 days in NYC at the end of September and had reserved a room at the Holiday Inn Express based on the reviews seen here on TA. The reviews are right on. The rooms were indeed small, but we weren't in NYC to hang out in our room. Even though the room was small, it was very clean. The breakfast was good and the breakfast area was somewhat small, but we were always able to get a table. The entire staff was helpful and friendly from those at the front desk to the cleaning staff (when we asked about where to go for cheesecake a place called Juniors was recommended and it was very good). They even hailed a yellow cab for us when we needed to get back to the airport. The best thing about the hotel, though, was its location. 2 blocks from Times Square, an easy 10-15 minute walk to Central Park, minutes from Grand Central Terminal and 10 minutes or so from Rockefeller Center. One thing to be aware of if you stay.....the elevators can be very slow at times especially when the rooms are being cleaned.	
Oct 14 2008 	Small 	Rooms are small, breakfast is very crowded, it's expensive. However, the hotel is clean and staff are helpful. It's a great location and probably the best you can find for the price. I will go back again.	
Oct 7 2008	Make sure you don't end up on the 'executive level' (aka basement)	The title pretty much says it all. The basement is noisy - computer outside rooms which can be used at any time, day or night which made me feel unsafe and the emergency exit is labeled 'employees only'. I've stayed at this location before - once before in the basement which is how I knew to request that I not stay in the basement this time. Unfortunately, when I checked in there was no record of my request despite the fact that I called directly. Prior to this visit I didn't have a problem with this motel - its clean, easy and has a great location. However, this time the staff was not helpful and I was promised a call from the manager to discuss my issues and was never contacted. Bottom line: I'd say this place is fine, if they honored committments made during the reservation process.	
Sep 6 2008 	GREAT stay! Very clean!!	Stayed at the Holiday inn Express Fifth Avenue in NYC the last week of August. I had never been to NYC and had no idea about where to stay. I booked this hotel based on the reviews from this website. I was looking for something affordable and clean. This hotel did not disappoint; the rooms we stayed in were EXTREMELY clean. The hotel is located about half a block off 5th Ave; Times Square is about 2 blocks to the east. The area we were in felt safe and we were comfortable walking around at night. The hotel is within walking distance of several attractions, including Times Square and all the broadway shows, Rockefeller Center, Grand Central Station, St. Patrick's Cathedral, etc. The complimentary full breakfast at the hotel was great. The only problem with the breakfast area was that it was small and tables filled up fast. If you want a place to sit, I would say you would need to be down there before 8 AM. We ended up taking our breakfast up to our room most of the time, but that was not much of an inconvenience for us. The lobby area is small and gets easily congested, but this was not a major problem either. The other reviews about this hotel are correct when they say that the rooms are small; there is not much room to move around. The corner room I stayed in was smaller than one next door that other family members stayed in. However, we were really in our rooms only to sleep, and the small aspect really didn't bother me much. The flat screen TVs are nice and there are LOTS of channels. The free wireless internet access is a huge bonus as well. I guess there is a office workstation area in the hotel but I never went there. The front desk staff was very nice and they were helpful. They quickly got us a cab the morning we left. Just an FYI, the cab they got for us was not a yellow cab and was instead a private car service, which was a little more expensive. But this was better than trying to hail a cab on a main avenue in the pouring rain at 5AM. If you are looking for a hotel with nostalgia, I would look for a different place to stay. But if you are looking for a hotel with a great price, location, friendly service,and more than adequate amenities, then this is the place for you!	
Sep 6 2008 	Tiny rooms but great location	You don't stay in the Holiday Inn Express in New York if you want a large room or a spacious breakfast area. But it's got location, location, location - on 45th West between fifth avenue and avenue of the americas with central park a ten minute walk away, and radio city and the rockefeller centre a few minutes on foot too. Grand central station is a couple of blocks away and the excellent italian restaurant Resette is just next door. The rooms have free wireless internet access and a huge range of cable channels, but they are very small. USA Today is free every morning. The breakfast room is chaotic at peak times with too many people trying to crowd into a very small space. But hot breakfast was included in the rate so I wasn't complaining. The staff were friendly - Jasmine on reception had a very cheery, positive attitude when I checked in at midnight after 15 hours on a plane. So all in all a good experience	
Sep 4 2008 	Great location!	My wife and I attended the Fancy Food Show and we stayed at this hotel for 5 days. Pretty good place to stay. Location:Hotel is very centrally located. Close to everything -- 5th Avenue shopping center, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Central Park, Broadway theatres, Times Square. Staff:Very helpful and accomodating. Too bad I didn't get their names to thank them, but they're all nice.Cleanliness: Rooms are clean and since this is a pretty new hotel, the bathrooms and furnishings are pretty new.Room Size:Enough for myself, my wife and my daughter. New York is not known for large hotel rooms anyway. Extra stuff:Breakfast is free and they have scrambled eggs, bacon and sausage, danish pastry, juice &amp; coffeee. Very basic but sufficient. I figure I'm saving $5 / day for breakfast. Great to have free wi-fi as well.I stayed at the New Yorker Hotel before and I'd definitely pick Holiday Inn Express over the New Yorker hotel.Would recommend it to others. However, I'd probably stay at another hotel next time just for a change.	
Aug 3 2008 	Just wonderful	I reserved a room in this hotel for 3 nights for myself, my wife and our two young teen kids. The rooms are small, but typical for NYC I think. It was very clean and nice and the shower was wonderful. That, along with flatscreen cable TV was all we needed. The hotel staff was wonderful(especially Skylar at the front desk..always helpful and friendly and got us a great SUV to haul us out to the airport).We stayed on floor 20 and it was peaceful. The location was great as we could walk the three blocks to Times Square for food and fun and get to the subway easily as well. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 30 2008 	Little Gem	We booked the hotel through British airways as a deal. We had looked at reveiws and most seemed good. The hotel is tucked away and appears to be a recent new build (or recently renovated). Firdt thoughts was that the reception is basic and small but acceptable. We checked in fairly quickly and the staff were very freindly. The bell boy brought the bags to the room which was good for such a basic hotel (expect to tip). The rooms are quite small but thats standard in new york. They are clean and fairly new. Bathrooms are clean and small but more than adequate with complimentry toiletries.The lifts are fairly slow so expect a 5min wait in busy periods. The breakfast in the morn was unexpected but very nice. They had everything to set you up for the day, the only complaint would be the small eating area and the cold draught fromthe main street as the automatic doors were always open. Most of the time we took a tray with breafast back to our rooms.The hotel staff were really helpfull and the concierge were always there to help with booking trip etc. They organised a limo style car to pick us up from the airport which was only $20 more than a taxi and well worth the extra. Overall i would definatley recommend this hotel and would return in a heartbeat!!	
Jul 29 2008 	Very nice New York hotel	Very nice hotel. Good location, but if you need evening life - choose other place - Chealsia, Soho or Grenvichvillage, cose everithing closed after 7 p.m. - cafe and restrans. Rooms are small but nice and clean. We choosed this hotel about good location and cose its new...everithing is fresh.	
Jul 24 2008 	Super location nice helpful staff	We traveled to NYC for a long weekend. We wanted a central location and have easy access to everything. This hotel fit the bill. The price was not to excessive, especially since we would only sleep there. It was clean and comfortable and the AC felt great since it was a hot spell in NY. 94-98 each day! The rooms ere very small, with full beds, so if you need 2 to a bed, you better be friendly! They were comfortable though. We were on the 20th floor, and didn't hear any of the noise from the street. The front desk staff were very helpful and friendly. Skylar and Carmelo were exceptional and always willing to help out with directions and recommendations. There were plenty of places to eat near by. The continental breakfast was good. Better than most. Plenty of selection. I would definitely stay again and I have already recommended it to a friend.	
Jul 22 2008 	Nice Hotel	My husband and I booked this hotel through Orbtiz and it helped that it got good reviews. Our hotel room was small (exactly like the photos) but I found it comfortable enough. We had free wireless internet and the free breakfast bar boasts all sorts of stuff -- eggs, bacon, bagels, cereals, etc.One thing I didn't like was that our room didn't have a mini-fridge and since it was summer when we visited, we could have used the appliance to cool beverages. But other amenities were there -- dryer, iron, etc. The location is great as well, close to Times Square, Rockerfeller Center, 5th Avenue shopping. Overall, the hotel was really nice.	
Jul 11 2008 	BEST LOCATION	Just returned from 8 nights at this Hotel.I have never been to New York - but this is a great location.Room is small but very clean and the bed was lovely and soft.Breakfast was great and saved time.Would definateley stay here again.You can walk anywhere fron this location.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Location Looks better than the pictures	We read all the review from all the websites, and decided it seemed like this hotel had a good location. Also, all the reviews said the hotel rooms were very small and the lobby was tiny. So we prepared ourselves. Once we got there we realized it was much better than the reviews! The lobby was full of people and it was a small bit cramped, but nothing horrible. We checked in around 11am and they already had a room available. This was great!! Once we got to our room, I was in for another surprise.. it wasnt that small!! Sure its a bit shorter than regular hotel rooms. But just having come back from France, this was a LOT bigger. The room was nice and clean and bathroom was a nice size. (A little scum in the shower). The only thing I wished the room had was a refrigerator. (There is a microwave in the lobby to reheat food)We will DEFINITELY stay at this same hotel. The price was just right for Fourth of July Weekend. We are planning to go back for New Years..I'm sure it will be more expensive.	
Jul 8 2008	Great hotel for the price	This is a great hotel for the price. The location on 45th street between Fifth and Sixth ave. is excellent- near Times Square and Grand Central Terminal. It is a very safe area. The desk clerks were very pleasant and helpful. This is not a posh hotel- don't expect lots of pampering. The hotel is fairly new and the beds comfortable with lots of pillows. The rooms are small but serviceable with a large flat screen TV. Breakfast is included and it was substantial. Coffee is available for free all day and night- which was nice. There are lots of restaurants within walking distance. There was no room service but some area places will deliver to the hotel.One caveat- when we checked out the doorman offered to get us a cab. He led us to a black sedan- not a yellow cab. I asked the price-The price to LaGuardia was $45. I refused. A yellow cab costs $26. plus tip on a Sunday morning- a substantial difference. I would stay here again- this is a good place If you would rather spend money on shows than hotel rooms.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great hotel	We stayed in HIE for 8 nights in May 2008. We got a yellow cab from Newark airport and it cost us $65 which I thought was excessive compared to the prices quoted on the website. The hotel was quiet when we arrived and our room was ready early. It was small but we did expect it to be. We had only just got settled when someone arrived with bottles of water and biscuits for us, as we are Priority Club members. The hotel was really busy each morning for breakfast and often you had to wait for a table. The food was good - toast, croissants, fruit, bacon, sausages, eggs and cinnamon buns. Tea and coffe were always available at the far end of the breakfast area but there was also a kettle in the room. The free wifi and computers on bottom floor were great. Overall this hotel was really good. Only downside was the fact that safety deposit boxes are at reception and we never got one as they was never any free ones.	
Jun 29 2008 	Small and Functional	I was in NYC for business and stayed at the Holiday Inn Express. Conveniently located, close to Grand Central and 42nd st stations and Fith Ave. Hotel staff was nice and accommodating. I had an urgent request to which they responded immediately.Rooms are a bit small even by NY standards but I was only there to sleep. Although the prices are slightly steep for a hotel in this class, I would highly recommend it for for its no nonsense, no frills offering. With free wifi and free breakfast, I saw no reason to complain about anything.	
Jun 26 2008 	Very nice surprise	We go to NYC once a year and have stayed in several different hotels. For the past few years, we've been returning to the Marriott Times Square--good location and we've always been very pleased with their rooms. They have always been very clean and roomy and the bathrooms pass my test. However, this year, the rates have gone through the roof and we decided it was time to try somewhere else. The reviews of the Holiday Inn Express on 5th on this site led us to stay there. I was a bit apprehensive going in, as I thought surely, no one had the bathroom standards I do. Well, I must say, it was a very pleasant experience. Yes, rooms are small--but there was a very comfortable king-sized bed there, as well as a desk area and stuffed chair. We were a bit stretched for hang-up space in the armoire, but we managed. The bathroom counter space was a little wanting, but the room itself was very nice and clean. The bathtub looked brand-new and the floor was sparkling. Best of all, the towels felt as if they had a little fabric softener in them. There was a hot breakfast buffet every day--no, it wasn't fabulous, but it was a nice added &quot;extra&quot; considering we were paying $100/day less than most of the other hotel options with no breakfast. They also provided free wi-fi, as well as a computer &amp; printer in their basement for e-mails and printing out boarding passes. Be warned: there is NO ambiance in this hotel. If you're looking for a picturesque setting, it's not here. But for a couple of weary tourists, it was wonderful to come back to a nice clean room and comfortable bed each night. We stayed 6 nights. It wasn't far from the subways and was convenient to the theater. Our one and only complaint: we'd asked the Front Desk to call for a taxi the morning we left for home. Up pulled an unmarked &quot;taxi&quot;. With everything we'd heard about not using them, we questioned the guy at the desk. He looked at the car and driver, then at us and assured us it was a legitimate taxi service. So away we went. However, it was not until we were loaded and on our way, that the driver told us the charges were more than a regular yellow taxi (about $20 more). I put the blame on us for not questioning him before we got into the cab, but I also feel the guy at their Front Desk should've been held accountable--he knew what he was doing and that it wasn't a regular yellow cab he'd called. Will we stay at this Holiday Inn again? Probably, but we will definitely call our own taxi.	
Jun 17 2008 	Pleasant Hotel Great Location Friendly Staff	After waiting an hour over check-in time, we were taken to our rooms. The room is fairly small, but with very comfortable beds. If you have more than one piece of luggage, good luck finding somewhere to put it. There is one small rack that will fit one suitcase. Your only other option is the desk. There is no view, but we were just there to sleep and take occasional breaks. The staff is very friendly and accomodating. Overall, it was a good experience with an excellent location. Breakfast was good, but a small crowded lobby.	
Jun 16 2008	Loved the HIEX on 45th st.	My mom and I just took our very first trip to NYC and we stayed at the Holiday Inn Express on 45th st. for 4 nights. The staff was very friendly and they always had a smile and a hello whenever we left the hotel or returned. Check-in was quick, and easy. They gave us a map of the city and answered all our questions. They even told us which subway to take when we needed it. The hotel is so centrally located we only took the subway once. It's walking distance to the ESB, Macys,Grand Central, Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, and the list goes on. The room was clean and the bed was very comfy and the shower in the bathroom was excellent. We were not picky on the size of the room because we did not spend a lot of time there. It was very hot when we were in NYC and it was so nice to come back to a nice cool room to rest our feet and cool off. Our room was on the 9th floor and our room faced the street, but was not noisy. The breakfast was excellent and there was always plenty to eat and a nice place to sit. Check out was just as easy and there were no suprises on the bill. The price was right at $279.00 a night and I would stay here again and recommend it to all I know. :)	
Jun 14 2008 	Great location and very clean	We loved the location. If it is your first trip to New York then this is the place to be. The front desk was helpful, and it is SO central it is unbelievable. We are headed back for our second trip their this summer and we will pick this hotel again.	
Jun 10 2008 	BETTER THAN EXPECTED	Wow!! Awesome location, Affordable price, Clean room, and very friendly staff! The young lady at the desk, Solange, had a very warm and welcoming personality. I have NO complaints about this hotel. 4 blocks to Rockefeller in one direction and 3 blocks to Times Square in the other direction. We parked behind the hotel on 46th in the garage for $35 (reduced price for hotel guests). We arrived before check in and they kept our bags for free until check-in and kept our backs after check-out so we could walk around until it was time to pick up our vehicle. I will stay at this hotel every single visit back to NYC and will and have already recommended it to friends and family.	
Jun 6 2008 	Very comfortable hotel.	Hotel was great location. Very effective air con (it was hot and humid in NYC at the time). Slept really well (didn't want to leave the room at times!). LCD TV with hundreds of channels, good size room. Clean bathroom.Very friendly staff. Pleasant and tasty free breakfast in morning. 5 mins walk to Times Square, seconds from 5th Avenue.What more could you want?Well recommend this hotel to anyone.Tom GriffithsUnited Kingdom	
Jun 6 2008 	Great location very central	There is no doubt that decent NY hotel prices are excessive but we feel we got a good deal for our 4 day trip to NY. The location is perfect, very central and easy to get to.I would say this HI Express provides above average accommodation and an excellent buffet breakfast for a reasonable price. The only downside was the inadequacy in size of the entrance foyer/ breakfast area. Space at reception was only around 2 metres in width, so customers at the desk were jostled by others coming in and out of the establishment.When breakfast was not being served, you could by-pass reception around the dividing screen. But this was also the area where groups arriving or waiting for transport had to wait.The room was fine. Two queen size beds, nice spacious layout and a good bathroom, all very clean. The view out of the window was just as seen in old movies!	
Jun 1 2008 	Excellent stay and great value	The hotel is very clean, rooms feel new, staff is courteous and very helpful and friendly. I suppose the rooms are small, but what do you expect for $200 a night in Times Square? You really cannot beat the location. I would highly recommend.	
May 26 2008 	Here's why I rated it as I did....	If you read through the various reviews on this hotel, you'll get a pretty accurate picture of the good and the bad. However, one person's excellent is another's average. Here's why I rated it as I did.Staff - Very curteous and helpfull, always responded to our needs - a &quot;5&quot;Rooms - Very clean and functional. Very small, but you're not in New York for the room if you stay here. On it's own - &quot;2&quot;, becasue it's NYC &quot;3&quot;.Breakfast - It's free &quot;5&quot;, well stocked &quot;5&quot;, very busy in the morning with little room &quot;2&quot;. Ran out of items because of the crowd &quot;2&quot;.Location - Not on Broadway but very close. &quot;4&quot;View - We were on the backside of the hotel, 17th floor. Nothing to see but buildings &quot;2&quot;.Overall a &quot;4&quot; because the things we really wanted and needed out of the hotel - good staff, free breakfast, good location, outweighted everything else. To call this a &quot;5&quot; is similar to grade inflation. The property is not bad and I'd stay there again in a heartbeat. However, if I wanted something with more space, amenities, etc. I'd need to look elsewhere. Knowowhat you want before you book here. If you plan to spend time in the room and want to be pampered. Pull out the wallet and spend more by staying someplace else.	
May 19 2008 	smokey rooms	We just returned. I agree with other reviews, The hotel is well located and clean, The rooms are very small even for New York. We asked for a no smoking room but were told the hotel was full and the only rooms were smoking. The room stunk! The breakfast was better than expected but the area was packed every morning and they seem to always run out of some items. I would stay here again but only if they promised a no smoking room and the price was right.	
May 6 2008	Wonderful Hotel and Location	My husband and I just stayed here, and it was wonderful. The location couldn't be better. The members of staff were friendly and helpful. They always greeted us as we came back to the hotel or left to go out, and always did whatever they could to answer a question or honor a request.Our room was small, but this is New York City. Our view was of an office building next door. But the room itself was great. The bed was very comfortable, the new flat screen TV was great and had a lot of channels. Also, the wireless internet worked great on our iPod Touch. The bathroom was a bit small, but I expected that. However, it was a nicely decorated bathroom with great towels.There is a business center in the lower level of the hotel with 2 computers. There is a printer available; however, I did not use it.The complimentary breakfast looked great, but we did not eat there. It was very crowded each day we were there, so we had breakfast at a market a couple of doors down (great omlettes for a great price).The front desk did add a nice touch for us since I'm a Priority Club member and used points for this stay. They had 2 bottles of water and a little package of Pepperidge Farm cookies with a Thank You note on the desk. It just goes to show that a thoughtful gesture goes a long way with a customer.My only complaint about this hotel is that there is no in room safe, and the front desk staff told me that they did not have a safety deposit box available that could be used for a laptop computer. It seems silly to have complimentary wifi but no safe available to secure the computer.I will definitely stay in this hotel in the future. And I will recommend it to friends. The staff did an excellent job.	
Apr 22 2008 	Nothing More You Can Ask For!	Was staying at the HIE 5th Aven with my mum for 3 nights in early April. We only had 3 days to tour around New York and so really needed a hotel centrally located to Times Sq and the other tourist spots but one which didn't cost an arm and a leg!We payed slightly over $1000 for the three nights and to sum it all up - it was worth the money.Great Location: Just a 5-7 min walk to Times Sq., which is where most of the tour busses operate from to get you to the Empire state building, Battery Park (ferries to Statue of Liberty depart from here) and all the other spots.Walking distance to Macy's and the Empire State building (but we took a taxi because it was raining!)There are several places to eat next to the hotel - an Indian Vegetarian restaurant next door, a burgur bar 2 doors away and a sandwich bar/grocery store infront of the hotel. Just note that most of these places close at around 9.30 pm - which I think (coming from London) is very early! The room: The rooms are small - but not tiny. Me and my mom had 7 peices of (medium to large) luggage between us and we still had place to move around in the room - and think about it you aren't going to spend a lot of time in the room anyway being in New York. The bed was very comfortable and there was a choice of two soft pillows and 2 firm pillows.We had a room with one double bed - I like to go for 2 twins but the hotel was going to charge me extra.The room also has a lap top 'table' with a cushion stuck on the bottom so you can work on your laptop in bed - GREAT!The bathroom was mainly marble decorated - nice fluffy towels, little hand and face towels too. A tub with a shower.Breakfast and the Lobby: Breakfast with several hot options in a tarriff like this one was great. Loved the scrambled eggs and bacon. Loved the muffins and crossaints. They also provide breads, juices, cereal, boiled eggs, yoghurts and the famous cinnamon rolls (which I found too sweet and too greasy)The only downside is the lobby - which also is the breakfast area - its too small and gets overcrowded.Front desk: Very helpful staff, helped us with directions, kept our luggage for several hours before our flight. Hailed us taxis several times!In summary - A great hotel, clean rooms, great breakfast, great staff, great location and WELL WORTH YOUR MONEY! Will definately stay here again!	
Apr 1 2008	much better than expected--will definitely return ASAP!	04-01-08Just returned from a spring break trip to NYC. Stayed at the Holiday Inn Express at 45th and 5th.The hotel was great in every aspect. From check in to check out everything was smooth. When I addressed any need to the front desk, it was handled right then--no waiting. From baggage storage, need for toothpaste, baggage retrieval, and assistance with a cab--it was immediate!The rooms were very nice, though small. The overall coziness though, led us to stay in the room more than usual--we skipped getting show tix for Sunday PM in favor of watching TV. The variety of channels was excellent. The beds/linens are so comfy. The location is the best-subways close by.A good variety is offered at the complimentary breakfast. Also there is free internet service in the lower lobby. Ice machines on several floors.No room service, but plenty of dining choices within a block.Also, close to Rock Ctr., AND the Red Flame Diner is one street down, on 44th. Can't wait to return.	
Mar 30 2008 	Beware of the Parking	The hotel was perfectly located at 45th off Fifth. We had a quiet room with a King bed on the 15th floor, no view though. The bathroom was pristine and mostly marble. The mattress was comfortable and the linens and furnishings were clean. The hotel is only a little over a year old and it feels new. It is small, but in NY most rooms under $300 are small. If I have a King bed, flat screen TV and spotless bathroom, I'm happy. The free breakfast was good enough with excellent croisants, but weak coffee. We were able to leave our bags when our room wasn't ready early at no charge.Now the reason I'm taking the time to write. BEWARE OF THE PARKING ! We used the suggested lot behind the hotel on 46th street. We checked in the car at 12:30. We went to pick it up at 3:30 the next afternoon. We were charged $85. The cost per day is $35 plus tax, which we knew. What we didn't know, is that if you go over 24 hours you are charged for an additional full day. When we had our parking ticket validated at the desk we should have been told this. We would have moved the car to an hourly lot. When we tried to complain at the lot, no one could speak English and we couldn't get the car without interacting with a credit card machine on the wall.We had wrongly trusted that this was a good place to park	
Mar 29 2008 	Clean and Friendly	We stayed for a week at this hotel. The more you shop, the less room you have and there isn't much to begin with! Very small, tiny rooms, but very clean also. Little room for hanging clothes, especially if you have winter jackets. The breakfast is brought in and microwaved; sausage, muffins, scrambled eggs, round bacon,cinnamon buns, toast, cereal, juice and usually bananas and oranges. If you are lucky enough to find an empty table to sit at, bring a sweater. It is very cold in the lobby where you eat! Food really cools quickly. Also, many people linger on after eating, reading maps etc. so tables are rare. Management should post a sign asking guests to leave once they are done eating in order to free up tables. It is convenient though; nice not having to get dressed up for the day and leave your hotel before you have something in your belly. Coffee throughout the day is an added touch. Staff is very friendly, everyone we met always had a nice hello, or can we help you. No problems with the elevators or water pressure. Rooms were always cleaned when we returned from an outing with plenty of fresh towels. Very good location. Walking distance to all the major attractions; Times Square, Rockefeller, Shopping, etc. We also walked to Empire State Building and Pier 83 for harbor Cruise (which we strongly recommend).Food is everywhere, cheap or expensive, whatever you prefer. Free internet and two computers for guests to use 24 hrs. is great. Not everyone has a lap top to lug around.We would definitely return to this hotel, although another trip to New York isn't likely in the near future. We're thinking Paris!	
Mar 23 2008 	very impressed all-around	This hotel was an all-around &quot;winner&quot; in my eyes..... I really can't think of anything to negatively criticize it on.The location is really great (just a block or two East of the craziness that is Times Square /Broadway).The hotel was clean and very presentable on the outside and in.Check-in was great......simple, quick, and pleasant. The elevator was fairly high speed, so it didn't take much time to get to the top floor (where our room was).Our room had two double beds and was very spacious, especially considering we're in NY. There was a nice desk/ work space and a conveniently large dresser and closet. The beds were very comfortable and all linens and decor was attractive &amp; up to date. The washroom was clean, large enough, had ample water pressure and an eco-friendly 'low flow' toilet to save water (and reduce some of the flushing noise).By being in and out of the hotel semi-often, I enountered a number of staff members, and they were all very nice &amp; personable.Perhaps the highlight (although the entire hotel &amp; stay was great) of the stay is the warm 'express start' breakfast in the morning. Very delicious food, as much as you can eat, and good quality. (From eggs, bacon, and sausage, to muffins, cinnamon buns, and yogurt... as well as all beverages).Checking-out was a breeze as well, and left a great impression on me. I would definitely return here and recommend this place to friends and family.	
Mar 20 2008 	Do Not take Room 101 or 102 Noisy Beyond Belief	The hotel itself was very clean, staff very nice, breakfast good, location great, price good. BUT....one warning....do not accept 1st floor room 101 or 102....the noise from elevator, food prep area, and storage area right outside is intolerable. I had to wear ear plugs to get sleep. And in the morning, the smell of the cooking going on next door around 5am wakes you out of a sound sleep.	
Mar 12 2008	Great hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in march 2008.I picked it after reading good reviews and would highly reccommend it. Its ideally situated as its a five minute walk from times square and close to the subways. I felt very safe in the vacinity of the hotel.Our room was on the inside of the hotel and our view was of offices and not very exciting. But I certainly didnt spend much time in the room looking out of my window!I found the hotel very clean, the staff were helpful and the room although not huge, was perfect for our needs.The bonus is the breakfast that is provided free. I found that lots of hotels dont do breakfasts as new yorkers eat out. We saved a lot of money that we would have spent on breakfasts.If I ever return to New York I will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 12 2008 	Fantastic Hotel - Perfect Location	We visited New York for a week at the beginning of March 2008 and booked this hotel after reading the good reviews on Tripadvisor and we are extremely glad we did.We were so impressed with this hotel and have already recommended it to everyone we know who may travel to New York. It is ideally located for all the sights, we couldn't believe just how close to Times Square we were.Our room was comfortable and was cleaned every day with fresh towels and bedding. There is a complimentary breakfast each morning with lots of choice. There is free wifi access and the hotel provides two computers with free online access for all its guests to use which came in very handy for keeping in touch with people at home via email.The staff are extremely polite and very helpful and approachable. They organised a taxi for us to the airport for our journey home.All this at a very affordable price per night. If we were to return, we wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Mar 6 2008 	Tiny rooms - could barely walk by the beds	I amazed that this hotel received such a high rating. The room was tiny - barely room to walk by the end of the beds. Nowhere to put luggage, a 5&quot; wide night table between the beds.The breakfast selection was good, but the room was jammed in next to the reception desk, and was cold - the outside door to the hotel was open.The hotel was clean and the staff helpful.	
Mar 2 2008 	One bedroom suites are good	We stayed in a one bedroom suite at the Holiday Inn Express 5th Avenue and found having a separate living area (with sofa bed) excellent. The bathroom was small, but functional. The room was at the back of the hotel, so quiet - which is unusual in NY. As other reviews comment, you cannot beat the location - and especially if you are in NY in winter you will be pleased that so much is within easy walking distance. The breakfasts in the lobby are bountiful, and prepared by staff who take care. We would highly recommend staying at this hotel if visiting NY for a few days - as you will make the most of every day!	
Feb 20 2008	Excellent location and helpful staff.	This was our first time in New York and this was an excellent location - on 45th Street between 5th and 6th Avenues. We felt safe walking the streets in the area at night time. Walking distance to Times Square, Empire State Building, Rockefeller Centre. We also walked from the hotel to Central Park, Bloomingdales and Macys. The rooms are typical Holiday Inn Express - Small, but clean and comfortable. The lifts were quick and we were never delayed. We had no problems with the complimentary breakfast or the seating (eventhough the area was small). The staff were always very friendly and helpful. There is a pizza/korean takeaway across the road from the hotel if you are too tired to go out for the night and you want to bring food back to the room (it also sells bottles of wine). We had flown from Ireland to JFK and used Airlink (www.airlinknyc.com) for transport to the hotel from JFK Airport (they collected us on a bus from the airport to Central Station where they used minibuses to take us to our hotel, they also collected us from the hotel to the airport, without any problems). Just one thing we found was that while children under 12 years are free on the bigger Airlink buses they are not free on the smaller Airlink minibus which return you to the airport, but the driver would not charge us the fee for our daughter. We will stay at this hotel again on our next trip to NYC and we will also use Airlink for transport to/from the airport. We booked the Airlink just outside the door of JFK Airport and the rooms we booked on holiday-inn.com	
Feb 19 2008 	Great accommodation great location highly recommended	My boyfriend and I chose this hotel based on the reviews it had got here on Trip Advisor, from all the hotels we had read reviews for, this always seemed to have far more good reviews then bad. We went for a 5 night stay over Valentines and booked our trip through BA.com. This hotel and accommodation is very good value for money, its location is fantastic! The rooms were clean, tidy and were cleaned and had fresh linen every day. The lobby for breakfast was small and we didn't use it as there are two Starbucks within 2 mins from the hotel which we chose to use!! The location is unbeatable, its mins from Times Square, Rockafellar Plaza, Radio City Music Hall, Grand Central Terminal, Empire State Building to name but a few. The only time we used the subway was to go to Brooklyn so we could walk back across the bridge. We walked to Central Park from the hotel also and that took about 20-30 mins but its a fab walk along Fifth Ave past all the fab shops and you don't even notice the time! If you are not fussed about having 5 star luxury and want a hotel that is good value for money, clean, tidy, comfortable, friendly and mins away from all the sights then I would recommend this hotel with no hesitation.	
Feb 13 2008	Great Hotel for location and clean rooms	This hotel is in a great location, just off 5th ave and 2 blocks from time square. The hotel is very clean and tidy and the breakfast is great although not alot of space to eat. Staff were friendly and attentive. Rooms were very clean and not as small as I thought they would be.	
Feb 7 2008	Very good location	Stayed December 5 to 12th 2007From: Sydney AustraliaVery close to Times Square and a walk to everywhere. Very busy with Christmas shoppers. Did not have breakfast their as only very sweet and fattening things available. Could do with boiled eggs as some other Holiday Inn Express have. Across the street very close to places to have breakfast . Very good restaurants in street for dinner as well (right next door). Room was small supposed to be king bed but in width ok in depth cut off too short (obviously to fit in room) our feet hung over end of bed if you stretched out and I am only 5'2&quot; tall. Some desk reception people need to be more friendly and helpful. Asked about arranging a broadway show (were not helpful to us) When leaving we asked reception to get us a car to travel to airport - after about 2 hours we got one - never been so frightened in travelling in my life (private hire car and way too fast). Do your own hiring of cars. Also not one person from reception asked if we enjoyed our stay at end of 7 days - Also airconditioning outside motor in next door offices very noisy during week days - ok weekends as is turned off. Made the walls vibrate and had to wear ear plugs This should and could be fixed by office owners next door. Overall close to everything and very clean.	
Jan 29 2008 	Good location no problems	The 5th Ave. HIE is a perfectly decent midpriced property on 45th just off 5th Ave., walking distance from Times Square and Rockefeller Center. The small front desk was always busy when I was there and check-in took a few minutes. At first I was told that my room wasn't ready (at 2 PM) but they went back, double-checked and found one. Friendly clerks; no mention of PL.You'll most likely need to use an elevator to and fro. There are two of them, and they work pretty quickly.The room layout (1502) was a little eccentric - when I opened the door it seemed like I was going straight into the bathroom. Only when I opened the door all the way did I see my way into the bedroom, which is compact but not too claustrophobic. The bed was softer than I usually get in hotels but I slept just fine. The TV had a zillion channels and I had to examine the guide pretty closely to find the one that matters to me, The Weather Channel (072, as I recall). The other things you expect at this comfort level - coffeemaker, iron, hair dryer, alarm - were all there. Ice machines are on floors 5, 10 &amp; 16.You might want to check to locations of the light switches, on walls and lamps, before you go out, because it took me some stumbling about to find them in the dark after returning from an evening out.The free continental breakfast is downstairs, 6-10 AM. In addition to the usual, they have prefab cheese omelets, which actually aren't bad. One table is always available because it's right next to that sliding front door and gets all the drafts, so dress appropriately.There's a business center with two computers in the basement, but no exercise room.	
Jan 15 2008 	Not bad for Manhattan	I have to class this hotel as the least worst hotel I have stayed in, in Manhattan. It's not cheap, at just under 300$, but then nothing is in Manhattan. The location is excellent, just off 5th Avenue and within walking distance of many sights and activities. The rooms are small but adequate and as you would expect from this chain, there's no charm anywhere in the hotel. However, all the functionality you need in the room is there. I was fortunately on the top floor and could see the sky from my window. The bathroom had a large shower, though on one day in my stay, they had a problem with hot water.Breakfast is included in the room rate and is served in the lobby. Again, it's functional, requiring minimal service, but it was fine with me. The free WiFi worked fine throughout the hotel and there's a small self-service business centre in the basement. Staff were pleasant and helpful.	
Jan 14 2008 	Super clean Ideal location Friendly staff	The Holiday Inn Express Fifth Avenue has the perfect location at a moderate-to-low price. We had a wonderful experience there and would be more than happy to return.I should say first that this is not the right hotel for everyone, so I will explain the drawbacks. In my opinion, they are too minor to matter. The rooms are small--no larger than a good sized bedroom in a private home. The shower is even tinier. There is no fitness room. Guests can use a gym around the corner, but it costs $15. And, as other reviews have mentioned, there is virtually no lobby. But the Holiday Inn Express is great on the important things. For starters, it is absolutely clean. If you know New York City hotels, that's not always the case in this price range. And the staff was helpful and friendly. In New York, that's not always the case at ANY price range. ;-) Breakfast is included, and it is real food. There are Items like eggs, sausage, and french toast along with the typical cereal/toast/juice/coffee. (I do wish they had better bagels. After all, this is New York.) A free computer and printer is available for guest use.Most of all, there is the location, which simply could not be improved. It is about mid-way between Grand Central Station (3 blocks south) and Times Square (2 blocks west). It is far enough from Times Square to be out of the noise and congestion, but it is literally less than a 5 minute walk to Broadway shows. Fifth Avenue is steps away, so the shops are also very close. If your idea of a good New York hotel means a uniformed doorman, concierge services, and a grand lobby like you see in old movies, this Holiday Inn Express is not for you. But you won't go wrong here if you are looking for clean rooms, well-managed staff, reasonable price and an ideal location. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jan 8 2008 	Modern 	I booked direct with intercontinental which probably wasnt the smartest but i had to book in a hurry. I wanted somewhere close to times sq and a name brand hotel. The hotel itself is hidden away just off 5th ave. In summary:Good points: Great location, can be quite expensive and for the same money you could stay at higher star rated hotels but i guess they charge what they charge as its a newly refurbished hotel. Rooms are modern, LCD tv etc, nice shower, quick elevators.Staff ar every friendly as you would expect form an holiday inn. Breakfast was a nice variety of fruit/pastries/cerial.Bad points:its only a small thing but breakfast time gets quite cold down in the lobby as its only a small lobby with big doors and when someone comes in and out you do feel the cold!	
Jan 5 2008 	Great Location	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights - Jan.2-Jan.4, 2008. The location is fantastic- esasy walk to Theatre District, Time Square, The Rock, Grand Central Station. The breakfast is fantastic- lots of selection. The Hotel rooms are very small but extremely clean. We booked one night through Priority Points and paid for the other night- quite reasonable for the holiday period- $266. Staff extremely helpful.	
Jan 1 2008 	Horrible stay small rooms	I booked this hotel through my priority points membership with Holiday Inn Express. I love there locations in New Hampshire. I think this will be my last time in New York City booking The Holiday Inn. The breakfast was very small but it was fairly good. The lobby was to small. You had to pay for soda or anything to drink. They offered free coffee, tea, or juice for breakfast. The staff was horrible. They were very rude and not polite. The manager almost overcharged me because he said I needed a government ID. I booked it through my priority card they hit the wrong key when they put my reservation in the computer.The rooms overall were very small. Hot water was horrible.I asked for more time in the morning to check-out they said, &quot;no&quot;.I have stayed in the Marriott Grand Marquez it's much better more family like. I like the algunquin as well.	
Dec 29 2007 	It's all about the LOCATION!	I booked two rooms here for one night. We took an overnight trip to NYC to see the Christmas decorations. We were delighted with the hotel's location! It was just two blocks away from The Rock and Saks. It was also within walking distance of Times Square and Central Park. The staff was very friendly! My children were each given candy canes when we checked in and every single time they walked by the front desk and smiled (much to their delight) We were able to get hot chocolate and coffee in the mid-afternoon too. The rooms were small but very clean. The only thing that bothered me was the fact that the window had a sheer curtain and only one very small section of drape so the room was pretty light all night. The drape did not cover more then 1/4 of the window. That was rather strange. The other room did not have a window so that was not a problem. Breakfast was good. We were down at 8:00 am and did not have trouble finding a table. It did fill up rather quickly after we were seated. There is a deli almost next door that offered a tasty and inexpensive lunch. Although we were able to get a taxi from Penn Station to the hotel, we were unable to get a taxi back to Penn. A very helpful staff member stood in the street for a good 20 minutes trying to hail us a cab but the taxi drivers only wanted to take trips to the airport. It was the Friday right before Christmas so I really should not have been surprised. It took us about 30 minutes to walk to Penn so that wasn't too bad. Of course the taxi issue was not something that the hotel could do anything about. They tried their best.	
Dec 20 2007 	great staff and location	My Wife and I stayed in NYC for a week in December to enjoy the broadway shows great restaurants and the shopping. We choose the Express By Holiday Inn due to location (close to Broadway and Times Square)and price (its cheap compared to some other hotels in the Times Square area). The Rooms are a decent size for NYC standards and are very clean. towels and bedding are spotless and changed whenever you want. A Tea and coffee making machine is most welcome in the room. The staff are very friendly and helpful. A complimentary buffet continental breakfast is served from 6am to 10 am everymorning in the lobby (if its too busy to get seats then they'll supply a tray to take anything you wish upto your room ...never actually happended to us...but it was sometimes busy) the quality of the breakfast is very good, yogurt fruit, cereals, toast, cinnamon buns,bagels,muffins with tea and coffee. We both enjoyed our stay in the Express By Holiday Inn and will probably book again next time we are in NYC.	
Dec 19 2007 	Not Up to Expectations	Very small rooms. The lobby was cramped by the breakfast area, however the breakfast provided was very good (good quality fruits, vegetables, yogurt, etc). The hotel lost a fax I received. The front desk staff had heavy accents that made it difficult to communicate. The hotel had only one (of two) elevators in service. This is a budget hotel with a great location. The criticisms in this review are constructive, not meant to degrade this property.	
Dec 12 2007 	Great Central Location	Stayed here from 30/11/07 to 4/12/07 with my wife and two children ( aged 27 &amp; 24 ) Had rooms next door to each other, 1 king size bed, 2 doubles. All bedding, towels and rooms in general were spotlessly clean. Rooms fairly quiet at night - very little street noise. Beds very comfortable. Breakfast of cereals, pastries, fruit juice, fruit, coffee plentifull. Staff very frendly and helpfull. Great location - easy walking distance to Times Square - 5mins, Great Central Station - 5 mins,Empire State - 10 mins, Rockafeller Centre - 10 mins. Would definetley recomend/ stay here again. Try it - you will not go wrong!	
Dec 10 2007 	Nice Hotel	Stayed here with mother, aunt, sister and cousin for our annual girl's shopping trip to NY from Nov 28 - December 1, 2007. This is the first time we stayed at the Holiday Inn Express and would definitely recommend it. The rooms were small but most of them are in NY. It was very clean and the staff was so friendly. We arrived early and stowed our bags with no problem and they had rooms waiting for us on our return later in the day. Have stayed at other hotels and this was not the case. I really liked the fact that they don't use bedspreads which made it feel cleaner. It also appeared that there were only six rooms on each floor and it was very quiet. The elevators were fast and ample size.Deli across the street for pop, pizza and very convenient to Fifth Ave and Times Square.Would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 10 2007 	Brilliant Location	Stayed here at the end of November with a group of 12. The location is superb and better than anywhere I have previously stayed in New York. The rooms are small but so are most in New York. Everything was spotlessly clean and the staff were all friendly and so helpful. We didn't intend taking the breakfast buffet but it was so good we ate there every day. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to anyone.	
Dec 5 2007 	Perfect Hotel for Location and Hospitality	The rooms are small, but you can't beat the location. In the 2 double-bed rooms, you can't share with another couple. It's way too small - maybe children. You can walk to Rockefeller Center; it's one block off from 5th avenue - many great stores! Good restaurants nearby are Emporium Brazil and Natsumi (authentic Japenese). The staff is wonderful; they will keep your luggage early in the day so you can hit the town running. Watch out for the desk staff trying to talk you into a car to take you back to the airport. The girl at the desk told us it would cost twice as much to take a taxi in the afternoon traffic. She offered to order a car which never came and the price suddenly went from $50 to $80. We had to scramble to get a ride back to the airport in a SUV cab(which ended up costing us only $30 plus tip! Except for our ending experience, everything was wonderful!	
Oct 29 2007 	great hotel great location!!!	First of all, I have to clarify that I stayed at this hotel using points, so I got a great deal. It is regularly priced around 400.00 a night....which is average for a hotel in this location. I loved this hotel....the location was convenient to the 4 5 6 train that takes you to just about any place in NY you would like to see. The hotel was very clean and the service was great. I got directions every morning from the concierge...and he was very thorough and polite. The breakfast was good....nothing spectacular, but it was nice to have a free breakfast in the mornings. As others have said, the seating is limited, but I prefer to take mine back to the room anyway so it didn't bother me. I would definitely book this hotel again....don't know if I would be willing to shell out 400.00 a night, but it would be hard to find anything comparable for less than that.	
Oct 22 2007 	Decent hotel with a perfect location	I have mostly good things to say about the hotel that I found to be great place to stay with small but nice and clean rooms. The location is almost unbeatable. The bad about this hotel is that being a part of Holiday Inn family it lacks any form of CHARM. It is not the kind of place I would select for a romantic holiday with my girlfriend. But if you just need a good place to stay for the nights, the HIE could not be a better choice!	
Oct 16 2007	Our Stay at the Holiday Inn Express	My husband and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express 5th Ave the weekend of October 13th. The front desk staff was efficient and pleasant. The hotel is small...the rooms small but what they lack in space, they make up for in comfort and cleanliness - from the bedding to the bathroom. The hotel is just a few blocks from time squre/broadway (to the right) and two blocks from the shopping district (5th Ave, Madison Ave, Park Ave.) to the left so the location was perfect! This hotel has is a NO FRILLS hotel but if you want a NICE place to say while seeing the city...ITs Perfect!!!	
Sep 29 2007 	Excellent place to stay	Booked this as a flight+hotel package on Priceline. Couldn't have got a better deal :) Great location as all previous reviewers have stated; fresh continental breakfast incl; and free wifi in all areas. Rooms very clean and neat. *BEWARE though: Despite pre-paying through priceline, the hotel have charged me again for the room (they routinely swipe cards on checkin, for incidentals)and I am trying to get a refund of just short of $1000!!! They agreed it was an error, and will rectify, BUT suggest it may take up to 60 days *. Other than that, I will recommend the hotel as great. All the staff - reception, breakfast lady, cleaners, bellboys, are very smiley and friendly.	
Sep 13 2007 	Great location!!!!	The hotel was only 2 blocks from Times Square (on the same street) and 1/2 a block from 5th avenue. It was central to almost everything. We walked everywhere &amp; only took the subway once. The breakfast was great, lots of choices (some different ones included cheese, donuts &amp; french toast). We were able to get our own table each morning (&amp; every morning we were there at different times) If I was coming back to Manhattan I would definitely stay here again or recommend it to anyone I knew. The rooms were clean and the air conditioning was excellent, we always had the room ice cold for when we returned from the heat. The rooms were also renovated recently and are nice &amp; new. The staff was helpful and kind.	
Sep 11 2007 	Wonderful Hotel...	Wonderful hotel that is all we needed for a trip to The Big Apple! This hotel had friendly staff and clean, REALLY clean rooms. Yes, the room was small but so is all of the other rooms unless you have an endless bank account to splur on the MORE expensive hotels. There is a beautiful bathroom that gives a shower or bath. The king sized bed was absolutely wonderful. The air was great after a long day of sight-seeing and shopping. The breakfast bar is great. The negative is that there is little room to sit down. What's a little standing? I think we go the best hotel in the area. It is right around the block from Times Square, all the Broadway shows, and plenty of shopping. There is no view from any of the windows. The pictures that you view here or on the candid photos doesn't do the room justice. I wouldn't bring kids but is great for two!	
Sep 7 2007 	Super!	The Holiday Inn Express is in a great location-right in the middle of everything and a short walk or subway ride to wherever you may want to go. The staff was super helpful and whenever we asked for additional towels, etc. they were at our room within minutes. Yes, the room is small to say the least, but the beds were comfortable and who goes to NYC to stay in the room all day? I have nothing bad to say about the hotel-it was clean, great location, and the staff was great!	
Aug 14 2007 	Great Little Hotel	Excellent clean Hotel. Location is very, very good, especially if you havn't been to NYC before. You walk around the corner and you are on 5th Av, shortwalk to Empire State, Rockerfellor, St Pats, Central Park, Times Square, Hells kitchen. Breakfast included, rooms are clean, excellent cable. Very good value. Tip tehre is a deli bottle shop pizza place across the road perfect for snacks or a cheap meal. The pizzas there are awesome.	
Jul 30 2007 	Good hotel for an average price	This hotel is located only 3 blocks from the nearest subway, so I thought the location was good considering other hotels. The price was highly overpriced for such a small room (I say small because I am comparing it to other hotels in NYC that I have previously stayed at). The breakfast area was ALWAYS crowded and it was hard to find an open table each day. We were only there for 5 nights, and there was only 1 day that there was a free table for the three of us at breakfast time. We were usually at breakfast around 9:30am, and considering the breakfast is only served from 6-10am, you would have thought it wouldn't have been that busy. This hotel only has about 100 rooms (maybe 120) so it isn't that big. It the morning, the normal wait for the elevator was 5+ minutes, so we ususally took the stairs to our 4th floor room. They only had 1 computer in the lower level and it was being used 90% of the time. Probably because it gave you free internet usage and a printer to use, also. The rooms were very clean upon check-in and the maids were more than generous if you needed extra towels, shampoo, soap, etc. Overall, I think it's a good hotel if you are in NYC just for shopping or sightseeing, but personally, I won't stay here again.	
Jul 29 2007 	can't beat this location	Just returned from a fantastic trip to NYC, and one of the highlights was our stay at the Holiday Inn Express near Fifth Avenue. While the room wasn't cheap (about $300 per night during our stay), as they say in the industry, LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! This hotel was located steps away from many of the attractions our family went to the city to see: Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Empire State Building, Fifth Avenue, Broadway shows, and convenient to subway transportation to other venues on our &quot;must-do&quot; list! Also, there are several quick service food options within steps of the hotel that we were very pleased with including Cafe Manhattan, Milk &amp; Honey (great bagels!), and Cranberry Deli (cheesecake!), to name a few. Also, there were a couple of Duane Reade pharmacies located around the corners from the hotel (on 5th and 6th Avenues) for medicine and convenience store type items. We also felt very safe walking in this neighborhood after dark--we're from a small town, so that was important to us!We were a party of four (myself, spouse, and two boys), so as others have stated the room was a bit cramped. Just enough room for two beds and a small bathroom. However, the well-appointed room was spotless with plenty of towels and an airconditioner that really cooled the room. We had no issues with noise whatsoever, and the elevators were usually very prompt. The breakfast offered downstairs was always well stocked as long as you arrived before 10 a.m., and we managed to find a table each morning. There seemed to be hundreds of channels (including premium channels) on the big, flat screen television.As far as service goes, we didn't have any major problems with the staff. However, two mornings we did not receive our requested wake-up call. Luckily, our backup alarms came through. The desk clerk offered us a car service to the airport the night before our departure. The driver arrived on time and gave us excellent service to LaGuardia for $35 plus toll (we added a tip as well).Apart from the hotel, I'd like to recommend the NY Pass. We purchased a three-day pass online before our trip. The pass entitled us to entry/discounts at over 40 places in the city including several museums, Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island Ferry, Empire State Building, NBC Studio Tour, and Madame Toussouds to name a few. We also got a $10 credit per person each day at Planet Hollywood (food or merchandise). I know we more than recouped our expense for the pass. I know there are other passes that are offered, but I can say that this one met our family's needs. Also, Carmine's near Times Square serves great, family-style Italian at a very reasonable price.I would definitely stay at this hotel again, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to others.	
Jul 20 2007 	Clean 	This hotel was in the perfect location...close to many NYC attractions. The hotel was very clean and brand new. It was nicely decorated with flat screen TV's in each room. Because of the quality, value and location, I wouldn't stay anywhere else in New York.	
Jul 16 2007 	Worth the low price!	We checked into the hotel Monday morning with 12 bags in tow. They kindly held otur bags for us until check in time without hesitation. My mother requested a view, but the clerk explained no rooms really have a view due to the fact the building is not as tall as others (only 22 floors). So, don't expect to look out and see Times Square or anything. The rooms are TINY! It's NYC, and we got a steal, so we anticipated that. Still, the beds are extremely comfortable, which is the only time you should plan spending in the room during your stay.All in all, you can't beat the price for the location. Times Square is 2 blocks away. Make a right out the door and look over to your right at the end of the street, and there's Radio City. The location is fantastic, and anything that is not close, there are plenty of Subway stations nearby.As for eating, if you are also eating on a budget, look no further than your street! 2 doors down has wonderful Paninis for about $6. Cafe Manhattan 5 doors down has an awesome selection. Milk and Honey across the street (run by a Rabbi) has fantastic bagels and unique pizzas. There is also a convenience-type store across the street.	
Jul 12 2007 	liked the Holiday	My husband got there for a business trip, since it's NYC, I tagged along. Initially we had a problem , we requested a crib, and there was none, the matter was solve in 30 minutes. The hotel is in the garnment district. Since, now everything is made in China, a large number of building are in renovation.The hotel is new, and clean, service quiet, efficient.  room: very clean and quiet, view: i wont remember since i dont care.bathroom: very clean and loaded with supplies for 3-4 days.Complementary breakfast: the room looked small, but i didn t care because I brought a big tray upstairs. generic food , but fresh and varied and buffet...Walking distance with a stroller from EVERYTHING...Chealsea, Emprire State building, Fith Avenue. With a Baby, we were able to go back and forth, hotel- attraction .And before tucking in (8pm) there is a terrasse with fountain, chairs...a little loud between the AC machinery and fountain, but great for a baby workout before going to bed...Would I go back: yesWould I recommend it : Yes, Would I recommend to a family: no if you have kids older than 4...there is really no space to run around besides the terrasse.	
Jul 5 2007 	Great Hotel!!	What a great find this hotel was!! It is compact, but the rooms were a lot larger than we anticipated. New and very clean. Absolutely fantastic location...so close to my favourite avenue...5th...with Times Square 5 mins away. Couldn't be happier this is selection and a great price as well!!	
Jun 20 2007	Nice staff but some major issues	One major problem with this hotel: SMALL! Great if you only have one or two people in a room, but we had four people in a room and were SO cramped. Barely had enough room to fit our luggage and ourselves. There are two elevators, and it took about 10-15 for the elevator to get to us, then once on, it stopped on nearly every floor. Also, when we checked in and went up to our room, much to our surprise...there was another family in there! It was our room, but somehow this other family was told it was there room as well and was given keys to our room. Staff is extremely nice and do their best to be helpful, although often there is a lot of confusion and mistakes made. Location is good...very close to times square and rockefellar center. This hotel is okay...it just turned out to be a lot more to deal with than we thought and posed a few inconveniences. But who comes to New York for the hotel, right?	
Jun 11 2007 	Fantastic location	We stayed here for 5 nights - our first time in New York - the location is great we walked to Central Park, Upper West Side, Rockerfeller Centre, Empire State Building, United Nations, Chrysler Buillding, Times Square and Grand Central where we easily caught the subway to Ground Zero and Liberty Island. The rooms are not huge but were very well equipped and spotless. It was great to be able to grab breakfast - juice, coffee, danish, fruit, yoghurt and leave early to begin a days sight seeing. We particulary appreciated the coffee and being English the tea which was available in reception 24 hours a day! Would stay again when we regain our energy - New York is exhausting but a fantastic experience.	
May 27 2007 	Great location	We arrived around 2pm. Bell boy Randy, greeted us at the cab. Room wasn't ready so he stored our luggage for us. The reception area is a little small and if you are the only ones checking in than its ok. The breakfast area is just opposite the check in. Its the usual continental breakie with bagels, toast, fruit and cereal and pasteries. The one thing I loved were the hot cinamon buns offered at the breakfast..It can get a little busy and you may have to wait a couple of minutes for a table. The hotel was fully booked while we were there. The lower level has a computer with free internet servicewhich was great for checking emails. I also used it for airline webcheck in the day before and was able to print off my boarding pass. The rooms are small. We had a king bed. There are night tables at each end and that is all the room on either side of the bed. At the end of the bed there is a wall unit, with a very nice tv in it, 3 drawers and a closet to hang things.An iron and ironing board are in the room. There is just enough space for 1 person to walk between thebed and wall unit. It was very hot when we were there and thankfully the air conditioner worked beautifully. There is also a small desk in the corner and a chair on one side of the bed. The bathrooms are also small but it has a full size tub and shower. There was good strenght in the shower and it had a nice shower head. The sink is very small and you can't really put out your toilletries. The rooms are kept nice and clean and housekeeping staff is very friendly and if you need something they will get it for you. The hotel is in a great location. Easy walking to everywhere you want to go. Only a few blocks to the subway which we used a couple of times. Even thougheverything is small, I would stay there again. For the pirce point it was great. If you plan to spend little time in your room and don't need restaurants, bars, spas, workout rooms etc then you will be happy with this choice. The photos on the website for the hotel are very true to what it is.	
May 22 2007 	Find something else	I requested a non-smoking room and we were given a smoking room with a view of dumpsters, A/C units, and brick walls. The hotel was booked and could not move us until the next day. When we asked about our new room, the front desk staff said there wasn't a notation that we requested to move. Apparently the night manager wrote the wrong room number down. So we had to stay in the smoking room another night. Finally, they changed our room on our third day. Thank goodness I brought travel candles. The breakfast isn't great, but it's complimentary so might as well take advantage of it. The deli next door has good paninis and the pizza joint across the street is also good. There is a bar directly across from the hotel so if you have kids, you may want to request a room away from the front because it gets pretty loud. The only staff that showed any kind of concern or interest in us were the housekeeping ladies, and the &quot;bellboy&quot;, if you will. He stored our luggage and/or hailed a cab for us with a smile.	
May 15 2007	Great things come in small packages!!	Booked hotel for a week away with a few family members. The hotel in compact and new. Reception got a little awkward to negotiate with luggage but very pleased with room quality and fittings. Breakfast was included and consisted of a continental style served in area opposite reception. The staff were incredibly kind, thoughtful and the service exceeded our expectations for a 'budget' hotel. Location, Location, Location - says it all - you can walk everywhere! Perfect! I strongly recommend this hotel if you plan to be out and about exploring! I will return!	
May 7 2007 	Great Location	We thought this hotel was great. Everything is new, clean and just what you need. Its small, and dont expect total luxury, but the location is perfect. We walked everywhere, a lot of the sights are walking distance from the hotel, for example, the empire state buidling, the rockefeller centre, the flatiron building, grand central station, bloomingdales, macy's, central park, etc, etc...But be warned, they dont accept travellers cheques as payment.	
May 1 2007 	Blink and you'll miss it	We stayed at the HI Express on 5th Ave 31 March through 07 April and had a really lovely time. The front of the hotel is very narrow and looks just like its been squeezed in between 2 buildings. Having said that there are about 22 floors, we stayed in 1804 which was a lovely room, it was small I suppose but adequate for the 2 of us. Most importantly it was very clean and looked brand new. Breakfast was typical HI fare, cinammon rolls, fruit, cereal and pastries, bread and juices, and it was complimentary. There was tea, coffee and hot chocolate available in the lobby 24/7. I found all the staff very pleasant and helpful, and the few times i asked for something they were prompt to deal with it. The elevators were a little slow, but we never had any real issues on 18th floor (there's stairs if you're that bothered!!!) Internet service and lots of attraction leaflets on LL which came in useful. There was no in room safe but a safety deposit box was available at reception, which we used. The hotel was situated in a very central location and i always felt very safe returning to the hotel after dark. I don't think the 2* rating is justified, i would rate it at least 3*. I always select my hotels very carefully, always using Trip Advisor and choose them according to fitness for purpose, what i'll need for a happy trip. You don't go to NY to sit in and admire your room, swim in a pool, or run on a treadmill, you can do that at home, so why pay extra for a hotel which has these things??? At $180 per night, it was by far the cheapest rate I could find and it included breakfast, a bargain in NY where room prices are sky high. Clean, comfortable, excellent rates, central, customer service and free breakfast, book it now before everyone else finds out about it. If you're British like me and used to being ripped off for anything with a designer label on it then definitely Don't miss a trip to Woodbury Common Shopping Outlet (www.premiumoutlets.com). Take a bus from Port Authority (1hr, $36) to shoppers paradise, 220 designer outlets selling discounted clothing, take your suitcase and your credit cardyou won't believe your eyes and you won't ever want to buy things back here in the UK. There is no PRIMANI however !!!!Have fun	
Apr 27 2007 	Perfect Location	The location of this hotel is really wonderful and centrally located to almost anything you want to do. I was worried that our room might be too small but it was fine. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was nice. The breakfast buffet had plenty of choices and I got hooked on the cinnamon rolls. I made a point of coming down early every morning and they were there every day, nice and warm. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to friends. The staff was very helpful. We arrived before check-in and they kindly kept our bags for us while we went out, and they also arranged for our taxi to the airport when we checked-out .	
Apr 25 2007 	Excellent in every way	It was hard to remember that this was only a Holiday Inn Express because it was just so good in everyway. The rooms are on the small side but in my experience that is how rooms are in New York City hotels. Everything in the room was spotlessly clean. The bathroom had a large walk in shower but no bath tub which may be an issue for some. However I can see from photographs that this is not the case in all rooms (ours was a King Leisure). Our room on the 18th Floor had a view of an alley way. If you want a room with a &quot;view&quot; of any sort you would have to request a room at the front of the hotel. The front desk staff could not have been more polite, friendly and helpful. There are no in room safes but the front desk has safety deposit boxes free of charge. There is an extensive continental breakfast included in the price and 24 hour tea and coffee provided in the lobby. The breakfast consisted of a selection of fruit juices, hot and cold cereals, pastries, bagels, hot cinamon buns, toast etc. The lobby area doubles up as a breakfast room and also a place where you can eat your take out food. It gets very busy and noisy at times and for this reason I would not suggest having a first/ground floor room unless you really need one. There is a business centre in the basement which consists of just a computer, printed and photocopy machine. In this area there is a stand with information about tours etc. The hotel is within easy walking distance of the midtown attractions and there are many bars and restaurants in the area. If you have a late flight out of NYC the front desk will store your luggage in a locked room, you get a receipt for your luggage which you have to show too get them back. We use Holiday Inns a lot and this one is excellent in everyway.	
Apr 14 2007 	Great hotel near everything	If you are going to New York on business or pleasure this is a great choice. The rooms care comfy and modern with huge beds and nice LCD screens. It offers free wireless and there's even a PC you can use if you don't have your laptop. Our room was on the small side but apparently most hotel rooms in NYC are small.While it was small the space was well used and there was plenty of room for the king size bed which was really comfortable, especially after an 8 hour flight! The hotel is near everything and just a short walk from Times Square and the Theater district. The staff are friendly (rare for NYC) and our room was spotless. It's a fairly new hotel and they give you plenty of fluffy white towels. The best bit was the free continental breakfast. We enjoyed hot cinnamon rolls, bagels, muffins and lots of other goodies. There are also some healthy choices if you are being good.I was horrified when I found out my boyfriend had booked a 2 star hotel but I soon changed my mind. This is like a good 3 or even 4 star but smaller without the facilities of a bigger hotel. You will spend so little time in the hotel you won't miss having a pool etc.I would highly recommend this hotel! Enjoy your stay!	
Apr 14 2007	Stayed here with a tour group of teenagers	We stayed at this hotel as part of a group of 37. We were with a group of 8th grade students and their chaperones. It was a great hotel for this purpose. There were several tour groups there at the same time, so I can see why some reviewers were disappointed by the number of teenagers. Since this was our purpose, it didn't bother us in the least.The rooms are indeed quite small, although we found them to be clean and the beds to be comfortable. Our beds were actually a bit firm. Because we were with a group, there were 4 of us in the room - 2 adults and 2 teenagers. Very cramped! Only 1 person can walk between the furniture at any given time. You will wait for quite some time for the elevators to come during peak hours, and then they may be too full. There are only 2 elevators for 22 floors. My daughter walked up the 17 flights of stairs to our room and arrived before I did on the elevator!The location of this hotel is excellent. We were on the 17th floor and didn't hear any of the outside noises at night. One member of our group was on the 5th floor and reported hearing the trash trucks at night. We always felt safe, even when we were out late at night.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel for its location and cleanliness. Be aware that you may be sharing this hotel with many tour groups, but I suspect this may be the case throughout New York.	
Apr 10 2007 	Miserable	The Holiday Inn Express Fifth Avenue is the worst property I have stayed in during my numerous trips to New York City,. The ONLY positive comment I can make about the hotel is the location. It does have a good midtown location. The lobby is tiny, with barely enough room at the front desk for one bag, if no one tries to walk by. There are approximately 21 floors with two small, very slow elevators. Unfortunately, there were a number of teenagers staying at the hotel who thought playing on the elevators was a great pasttime. The elevators also did not always work correctly, almost stranding me and a member of the housekeeping staff between floors. When I arrived at my room, I had to kick a large bag of dirty linens to the side to even enter the room. The room was claustrophobically small, even by New York standards. It was by far the smallest room I have ever stayed in, anywhere. There was almost no room to walk around the bed. There was no closet. The entrance to the room was a tiny hall in which you had to open the door all the way, walk into the bathroom, and then close the door. The bed was so soft and lumpy, it was like sleeping on lumpy marshmallows. A two star it is not. You can find much better accomodations, for a similar price, with similar location, even three stars in NY if you look. As a business traveler who travels to NY on a regular basis, I have stayed at countless hotels in NY. This one is the worst (and only $10 less than a number of three stars).	
Mar 21 2007 	Soft Beds	This is a newer hotel and I must first say is very clean and fresh compared to many NYC hotels that I have stayed in. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. However, I must also say that the rooms are relatively small--only six to a floor. No closet, just an armoire and a few drawers in which to unpack. It would be difficult for a long stay. My biggest problem was the fact that the bed was VERY soft. Not sure when I've slept on one as soft, so sleeping was very difficult. Location was great for going to the theatre.	
Mar 14 2007 	Holiday Inn Express-Clean NeatWell-runGreat Locaction	OK, everything is relative in hotel rooms in New York City. Rooms are 2 to 3 times what you would normally expect to pay. The room is probably half to two thirds the size of what you are used to. And there are some nasty choices. Fortunately this is an oasis of what hotels should be in NYC.The hotel is clean with the basic light color woods throughout. Kind of like a hotel done in all IKEA furntiure. The hotel's footprint is relatively small and each floor has 7-10 rooms per floor. There is the front desk and the breakfast area just as you come in the door. Service was efficient; they promptly called when my lost luggage was delivered to the hotel.The room is small, clean, and everything appears relatively new. There is a flat panel television which has music choices available also. They also had bottle water and Pepperidge Farm Mint Milano cookies on the desk. I am not sure if they do thought for every room or was because of some status in the Priority Club that Holiday Inn has.You are within walking distance of Fifth Ave shopping, Rockefeller Center, and St. Patricks Cathederal. Obviously there are no shortage of things to do. I am planning on taking my family to NYC and this is where we are going to stay. Stay here with confidence.	
Mar 11 2007 	check with hotel BEFORE travel that they have room	arrived after very long trip to find that hotel had double booked the room. with two children it was not a great start. stayed in twin (had booked suite) for 2 nights and was moved to booked room. had to get someone in britan to complain before anything done. staff ok some grummpy, new yorkers dont smile. sofa bed awful and needed lots of spare quilts just to pad it out. room very cold at night because of hole in wall where fan plugs in. no newspapers delivered even though supposed tp get. great shop across the road, sells all you need to eat. location great BUT view out of window was of tower block that looked like it had a sweat shop going on, rats running around the rubbish that has been thrown from various widows etc. new york great to see but be careful on underground. would not stay again in america as to much trouble getting through imigration, no one smiles, cattle are treated better. service is added even if service bad. new york is a bit of a rip off. the big attrctions are really just empty shells. TAKE NOTE MR MAYOR get the tourism act together as i could do better.	
Mar 9 2007 	Not clean enough	Good location but expensive and our room wasn't clean and smelled horrendous. Glad we were only there one night.	
Mar 7 2007	Holiday Inn Express- highly recommended	We stayed in the Holiday Inn Express 1st-5th March 07, The location of this hotel is ideal, 5 mins walk from Times Sq,loads of deli's around the hotel, plenty of choice for eating.Rooms were small but had a nice kingsize bed and we had enough room for the 2 of us. Breakfast was a bonus, cerels,toast,bagels,yoghurts, tea and coffee are available 24 hrs down at breakfast bar. I highly recommend this hotel and I would def stay here again. :) Carol, Ireland	
Jan 28 2007 	Nice and New great location	Stayed one night this past weekend and would definitely stay there again. It is a good value! We drove up and parked at a nearby garage which honored a dicounted rate from the hotel. Everything at the hotel is new..but very very small. The lobby is efficient. They serve a complimentary breakfast which has the basics such as ceral and danish. Our room had all the nice amenities, but is really only built for two people at most. The towels were fantastic and the bed was great. The key here is the location!! Close to everything...the theatre distict, great restuarants, Rockerfeller Center etc. Think about it, how much time do you spend in your room? All you really want is a great location, at a reasonable price.	
Jan 13 2007 	Great hotel great location great price!	My partner and I spent Christmas and New Year in this hotel and had a thoroughly enjoyable stay.It is in the heart of Midtown a couple of blocks from Times Sq, just off 5th Ave with the Rockerfeller Centre just around the corner along with a host of other attractions and shops! Grand Central Station is a short walk away.As for the hotel itself : we had a very large and comfortable kingsize bed in our room with coffee making facilities, cable TV (with some free movie channels), free Wireless internet in every room and a fantastic shower. All facilities are modern, good quality and in great condition. The continental breakfast in the lobby area is all you can eat, help yourself.... the cinnamon buns they heat up are lovely! There were also coffee/tea making facilities in the lobby area throughout the day. Also if you don't fancy venturing out for dinner, you can order takeaway in your room from a few different places... we stayed in a couple of nights and had pizza, pasta and a burger - expect huge portions!! Equally there are loads of restaurant options near the hotel. At New Year we ate at Churrascaria Plataforma in the Theatre District... a brazilian restaurant where they bring different cuts of meat to your table throughout your meal and you choose what you want (sirloin, flank, chicken, sausages, lamb,ribs etc) - all fantastically cooked.We'd definitely return to the hotel as the location is second to none and at no point did this hotel feel like a budget option.	
Jan 10 2007 	good location	Room was small, but very clean. Small is to be expected in NYC. Nice mattress and the room was simply but comfortably decorated. Absolutely no view to speak of. My room faced the street, which was fairly noisy with an alarm going off constantly both nights. And, on the second night my next door neighbor returned at 2:00 AM rather loudly, and proceeded to put together something in the hallway that sounded like metal pipes being clanked together. Since there are only 6 or so rooms per floor, I'm fairly certain everyone on my floor must have heard this rudeness. Also, I heard 3 voices. Don't know how they fit 3 people in these tiny rooms. There was barely enough room for the king sized bed in my room!Bathroom was very clean and updated. Love the free wireless. People at the front desk were friendly and helpful every time I spoke to them. Would stay here again, but this is really just a place to sleep. There is absolutely no atmosphere or charm at all.	
Dec 22 2006	Fabulous!	I've stayed here twice, most recently in December 2006, and have been quite happy. I would not hesitate to visit again. The hotel is relatively new, conveniently located and very clean throughout. By coincidence, I stayed in the same room on both stays (a king room). The room was small but quite liveable, and the bed was very comfortable. The hotel has 22 floors and only 6 rooms per floor, so you don't have to worry about too much hallway noise. My room was high enough up that I didn't even hear the street noise. Someone mentioned they only have sheer window curtains. I can't speak for every room, but in mine, there was a vinyl black-out curtain, but it was somewhat hidden behind the drape. I almost didn't find it, but it was there.The hotel staff were very friendly. There is no on-site restaurant or fancy amenities (it is a Holiday Inn Express, after all), but I will happily do without those for a clean, comfortable NYC hotel room that doesn't cost me an arm and a leg.	
Dec 18 2006 	EXCELLENT stay!	Location was fantastic! Within walking distance to all the big sites in midtown Manhattan (Rockefeller, St. Pats, Moma, Times Square, Grand Central, Empire State, etc). There are deli's, pubs, &amp; convenience stores on the same block. The room was small but immaculate. Crisp, white linen bedding. Cable tv was a nice touch and you pay for HBO and the movie channels. Bathroom was newly renovated and boasts tiled shower wall and granite? floor &amp; sink. Shower water remained hot which is always nice. Blowdryer also came in handy. Tip: if you forgot to pack toothbrush &amp; paste, the hotel will supply it for you. Just ask.The best part of the hotel was the staff itself. I have never met a more cordial and pleasant front desk (Shaniqwa) who was more than willing to help with directions and answer all questions. The front desk always acknowledged us when we walked past. Even the cleaning staff made a point to say hi in the hallways or elevator. Tip: If you need a ride straight to the airport, the front desk will arrange for a car to get you there. The car is not part of the hotel, so for a whopping $45, you can get straight to the airport without the hassle of hailing your own taxi to taking the dreaded bus/subways. Our driver came 10 minutes early and got us there in no time.Cons: There is no on site laundry as the website claims. But there is a laundromat 2 blocks away. Other than that. Our stay was EXCELLENT.Bottom line: Don't be turned off by the 2 star rating, we received 5 star service. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 11 2006	Hotel Is Ok - Good Location - Price Issue	My wife and I were blessed with the opportunity to get into the mid-town area of the city for a xmas weekend to see some shows, tree, etc. We could not find a hotel in the mid-town area that wasn't booked and the remaining available hotel choices under $500/night were very limited since we could not book many months in advance. So we chose this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews.LOCATIONThe hotel is located on 45th street between 5th and 6th avenue. This was an excellent location for us since we wanted to do all the things in that area - i.e. Rockefeller, Broadway, central park, shopping on 5th. The walks to any of these places were not bad even in cold temps. There are a number of stores and restaurants on 45th and restaurant row up on 50-51st is not far at all.ROOMWe had a King size bed room. The room is small but all of NY is small from what you read - but it's very small. We faced an alley so street noise was not a problem. But we had an orange security light from the alley shining in the window all night - they only offer shears on the windows so we had to jimmy-rig a solution to block that out. The room itself was very clean - the bathroom was clean as well. The room had a small LCD TV in the room – no pay per view family movies for those on extended stays. It also had a dresser with closet for a several hanging articles. Room was ok for our 2 day stay. SECURITY AND AMENITIES The property seemed safe as there were people walking in the area at all times of the night due to its location. The staff seemed nice and we had no problems checking in. The hotel offers free internet and breakfast in the morning - some bagels, toast, juice, coffee.PARKING The only thing that we did not like is there is no parking on-site IF driving. The hotel will tell you to park a block away in a 'Central Parking System' parking lot on 46th between 5th and 6th which they will voucher for you at $35/day. You park and then walk around the block to the hotel. If you are driving into the city during December as we did, and getting into the city between the hours of 2-9pm - best of luck. Traffic is horrible in that area so please plan your route to the hotel carefully - you may want to verify directions if you are using or relying on a GPS - you need to know where you can and cannot make a right or left since some avenues prohibit you from turning down them until 6pm or because of the season. So if driving and paying 300-500/night depending on season - you will park your own car and walk - the hotel does not feel bad for charging those rates and not having a better parking service - this maybe a problem for some, maybe not for others - just hope this helps if making your decisions. You can always drop your party off in front of the hotel before parking but with all the trucks on that street at certain times and no pull-in opening in front of the hotel - it's up to you to find a space - we just parked and walked from the garage.CONCLUSIONAll in all - the hotel is a mini-version of your regular Holiday Inn Express chain. If you're coming in December - you will pay Waldorf rates for a room here but don't expect any special services or anything more than a good but 2star hotel.	
Dec 4 2006 	Loved loved LOVED	I was pleasantly surprised by this property, to say the least. Booked last minute for a quick overnight trip in the city, I didn't expect too much. This was only my second time to NYC ever, and I really lucked out. This hotel was one of the cleanest I have ever been to, and the staff was extremely cordial and helpful. But of course- the location- my goodness. So close to Times Square, Fifth Ave., Park Ave., Central Park, the Theater District, and everything else! We saw everything we wanted to see and more in less than 24 hours. Will definitely stay again- can't wait and have already recommended to everyone in my office as well as my family!	
Nov 13 2006 	Great Location	Great Central Location, Friendly Staff, Rooms Small but for the time you spend in it with so much going on around you it was just the job. We stayed in a suite, it had one king bedroom and a sofa bed in a small lounge area. The sofa bed wasnt exactly comfy but it was ok. The hotels free breakfast is great if you are on a budget but you can get bagels and bacon and eggs next door for a few bucks.Would stay here again but book early as you get the best rates the earlier you book	
Nov 10 2006 	Hidden gem in over priced NYC	My wife was reluctant to stay in a 2,or 2.5 star rated hotel but was thrilled with this hotel. CLEAN, friendly, great location, free internt access, computer use, fax, and free breakfast . Best of all though it is reasonably priced in over priced New York. Our new hotel of choice.	
Nov 1 2006 	Ideal New York Hotel	This is an ideal hotel for a New York visit.Almost on 5th Avenue. A 5 minute walk to Times Square, Rockefeller, Radio City, Grand Central and Chrysler. 10/15 minutes walk to Empire State, Central Park, Bloomingdales &amp; Tiffanys. It was on a safe street and felt OK even walking around at night.Hotel staff were always friendly and helpful. Despite having a room only on the 3rd floor and at the front of the hotel it was very quiet and restful.Rooms are fairly small but perfectly adequate for the amount of time anyone spends sitting in your room when visiting NY ! Everything in the room is easily usable and with room to walk around (and even use an ironing board). The whole hotel is exceptionally clean.Breakfast is an added bonus - self service buffet so you can eat as much as you like. Tea &amp; Coffee is also on-tap all day (&amp; night) in the reception area.I would certainly choose to stay here during future visits to New York.	
Oct 22 2006 	Great location to all the sights	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express for five nights after having been on a 10 night cruise. Whilst the Holiday Inn Express didn't have the luxuriousness of our cruise ship, it was very clean and comfortable and the breakfasts were very adequate, cereal, toast, pastries, tea/coffee. This was our first visit to New York City and we felt very safe walking around this area even in the evening. The hotel is very close to everything, Empire State, Times Square, 5th Avenue and Theatre District. There are plenty of food outlets and convenience stores just steps from the hotel for snacks to take back to your room or for that matter to eat on the premises. Having free wireless internet access was a bonus to keep in touch with home. Despite having a street front room on 45th street, we were not disturbed from any outside noise. Great little hotel to see the sights of New York City.	
Oct 12 2006 	Great location - Nice room	Arrived at 2pm and was told that one of our rooms was not ready. Still waiting at 4pm so ended up taking a ready room on an alternative floor to my family.That aside the hotel is in a great location and the rooms - once you actually get in them - are very nice, if small.The staff seemed helpful enough and the complimentary breakfast was great.A very decent palce to stay - Great value.	
Oct 5 2006 	Tiny rooms but a great location	Let's be honest. Most New York hotel rooms are tiny. This hotel is no different. My room would have been perfect for just me. It was a little cramped with my wife along for the trip.Part of the reason it's hard to move around is the room has an enormous TV, so it has an equally large piece of furniture to hold it. Two people can't walk in front of the bed, and there's not much room off the bed to open a suitcase. Each room has digital cable hooked into the enormous TV, which you don't see everyday.All of the upgraded things that Holiday Inn has been putting into the Express line of hotels is here: the soft linens, soft towels, the showerhead, the cinnamon rolls. The hotel is in a great location near Broadway. If you don't mind the cramped quarters, it's a great place to stay.	
Sep 15 2006 	Great Beds and quiet	Great hotel within walking distance to Time Square, Grand Cental Station, shopping and the Empire State Building. There are subway stations within 2-4 blocks in any directions. The beds are in great shape and bathrooms are clean. The rooms are small but if you unpack the bags it becomes much better. The only disappointment was there were no cinnamon rolls in the morning. There were muffins, juice, breads, fruit, yogurt and cereals. We've had better breakfasts at other Holiday Inn Express hotels. The beds, linens and location are well worth it.	
Sep 13 2006 	Great location!!!	This is a very nice hotel: clean, comfortable and location is really great. Rooms are kind of small, but who goes to NYC to remain in his room? I would also recommend the Re Sette Italian restaurant close to the hotel.	
Sep 4 2006	Great hotel value in mid-town Manhattan	I booked this hotel after reading a favorable mention in spring in Arthur Frommer's &quot;Budget Travel&quot; magazine on new value hotels in Manhattan. The splendid location off Fifth Avenue and walking distance to Times Square are matched by high comfort and amenities in the rooms. The room had plenty of refrigerated air to offset NYC's mugginess. It's an excellent value and I would stay there again.The reception was friendly, welcoming and accommodating. The continental breakfast included in the room rate had a couple of areas for improvement. After a first day with bananas, the only fresh fruit was an apple. The emphasis was on sweetrolls, croissants and high fat food, though cereal and instant oatmeal are offered. A container of cool if not cold boiled eggs, already peeled, looked untouched. I saw the same thing served at a H.I. Express in Hartford two weeks later, leading me to wonder if this is a corporate formula. Finally, the coffee was weak, a surprising development given the availability of good coffee in NYC. In sum, though, this was a fine establishment and shows the results of hard work and attention to details.	
Sep 1 2006 	Oh My Gosh So Good	This Was a Really Great Hotel. Lovely Check-In. Chose this hotel because of the really great reviews and was amazed. Free internet access in the basement and a great free continental breakfast everymorning. 1 minute from 5th avenue and 5 minutes from Broadway. Couldn't have got any better for my money.	
Aug 22 2006	Very good would stay again	Staying August 18/19 2006, I was pleased with this hotel. Yes, the rooms are kind of small, but well manageable. I guess its to be expected being in the middle of upper Manhattan. Times Square is a couple of blocks away, and being a bit away is great because you can sleep at night! The bed was an excellent king-size, nice pillows &amp; sheets, very clean room &amp; very clean, new feeling bathroom. The fixtures were elegant &amp; classy, and the TV was a flatscreen LG with a ton of channels. Although it was a bit pricey ($169), we had only booked the day before via the HI Express website. They checked us in around 3:15 , but were cordial in the process. The breakfast buffet is nothing to write home about, but the absolute essentials were there (cereal, milk, juice, croissants, etc.) The hallways were, for some reason, not air conditioned, so it was a bit warm waiting for the staff or walking through, but the room had a good a/c unit. Overall, 4 stars, and would recommend anybody to this place. Have had good experience consistently from HI Express, both in the US &amp; abroad, and tend to look first to this chain.	
Aug 9 2006 	Better than adequate	The Holiday Inn Express New York City 5th AVE was perfect for our purposes... which did not include frills. The location is great, room was clean (although small like any other Manhattan room), and continental breakfast, free local calls, and in-room water bottles and snacks came in much handy.My only complaint is that I requested an early check-in knowing I'd be there at 8am and they had no record of it. Even after getting there at 8am it didn't seem as though any accomodations were made for me, and I didn't actually check-in until 4... which was a pain.	
Jul 5 2006	Good deal we'll be back	I spent 4 days and nights visiting NYC with my fiance and 2 kids from 06/29 to 07/03. The hotel is very clean and well appointed. We stayed in a room with 2 double beds. The rooms are small and space is tight, especially for 4 people but we didn't spend much time in the hotel so that really didn't matter. The staff was pleasant and responded well to all of our requests. On the last day the staff allowed us to store our luggage after checking out as we did some last minute shopping. The hotel is just minutes walking distance from Times Square, Rockefeller Plaza and other popular attractions in mid town. For the location you can't beat the price. If you're looking for a hotel with a view this is not for you, we were on the 8th floor and our room was on the back side. All we could see was the alley below and the office building 30 feet away.The continental breakfast was typical but well stocked and helped us get on our way each day. There are a number of restaurants near the hotel and plenty more just a few minutes away in Times Square. I hadn't been to NYC in nearly 20 years and I was very impressed with the overall cleanliness of the city. Everyone was polite to us and we had a great time. I'm already planning my next visit! I highly recommend the Holiday Inn Express!	
Jun 23 2006	OK stay	I usually stay at H.I. Express for business, and I would not have on this trip, but I had points to use so I stayed here the night before my wife and I were heading to the caribbean for our honeymoon.My first impressions - the hotel is located right off fifth on a tiny little new yorkishstreet. The lobby is small.My reservation - I always reserve King beds, but they had me into a double. After pleading with them and explaining that I stay with Holiday Inn 30-40+ times a year, they changed my room to a King. Room was not ready when we arrived, but they put my luggage in storage untl we checked in later that evening. My room - Small! The room was nicely appointed, but cramped. If you just need a place to crash, I would suggest. If you have a family or a lot of stuff (like us), go somewhere else. The room did have what seemed to be unlimited digital cable or satellite TV which was nice. Noise - There were kids playing with the elevators and running around making a racket from about 11 to 1. We were not impressed as we had a 7am flight to catch. Might stay there on business, would not reccomend for a leisurely trip. Note: There was a lovely italian restaurant right beside the hotel that almost made the stay for us!	
Jun 14 2006	Not for a family	My family ( 2 teenage boys, my wife &amp; I) just got back from a trip to NY. First 2 nights we stayed @ the HI Express. In general - if you only have 1-2 guests - you can probably bear to stay there to save some money. Otherwise - not worth it. The property is new &amp; nicely appointed - everything works - breakfast is fine. Past that beware. We asked for early checkin - front desk said they would call when the room was ready - we checked our bags &amp; went to lunch. No call - we head back to hotel - check about 2:15 - still no room. Very crowded lobby - laundry folks are taking large carts of towels out through the lobby runs into several folks - including me. About 2:45 other folks are checking in - we get back in line - get to the desk a little after 3 (checkin time) &amp; the room is ready. On the checkin card it had room 1404, the front desk person said 1404, something my wife heard made here question if 1404 was indeed the correct room - yes from the desk clerk. We get our bags and make it up to the 14th. Room was propped open had just been cleaned. Tiny room - but we unpacked. Noticed the fellow downstaris had given us one wrong bag. I took it downstairs - got the correct bag - came back up - tried the key - it didn't work. I call the front desk &amp; asked them what room we were supposed to be in - they said 2104. I explained the situation @ the front desk - they said we would need to move. I again explained and then asked who would pack us up &amp; move us - the next time the desk clerk came back &amp; said we could stay in that room &amp; they would bring us keys that worked. We got the towels we needed from the cleaning lady &amp; we were set. Came back from the Yankees game - keys don't work.It went on like this for the 2 nights we were there. Had planned on staying 5 - but moved to the Hilton @ Times Square. On trying to reduce our stay from 5 nights to 2 - the front desk clerk said we would have to pay full price for the 5 nights - but she might be able to work it out that we only paid $50/night. On the reservation documentation - there was nothing of the sort - I showed it to her - she said we would have to speak to a manager. There wasn't one onsite &amp; there wouldn't be one on site until 10 the next monring. No way to speak to someone to try to resolve it. I called customer service for Holiday Inn &amp; got it straightened out (after speaking with 4 different folks &amp; escalating). The room is small - if you take an average man's shoe - lengthwise between the beds - it touches the covers on each bed - that is how much space between the beds. A single person - or even a couple &amp; only one bed - would work. It is clean - folks were generally courteous (though less than helpful) - good location - not for a family - not even to save money.	
May 22 2006	Cool little hotel	We spent 3 nights at this hotel,May 18-21, and were extremely satisfied. True, the room was small but laid out in a fashion that made it seem larger with a small anteroom area when you opened the door so you didn't feel that the bed was 2 feet away. The bed was extremely confortable and the staff very accomodating; our request for extra pillows was promptly filled. The room was extremely clean and the shower had great water pressure. The complimentary continental breakfast was a nice added touch with good pastries,bagels, etc., as well as cereal,hardboiled eggs,coffee,juice and milk.We go to New York at least twice a year primarily for the theatre so this location is just ideal. It's an easy walk to Times Square and any other midtown location yet it's relatively quiet at night allowing for a good night's sleep.We would recommend this hotel to anybody looking for a comfortable,clean place to stay at a reasonable (for New York) price.	
May 14 2006	Great little hotel	Our 1st time in NY booked at short notice. This hotel was much better than expected considering the price AND it included a more than adequate breakfast. Staff were very pleasant and helpful, room a reasonable size with great shower and room facilities.The big plus is its proximity to 5th Ave Times Square, restaurants, stores, subway etc..Would definitely stay here again	
May 8 2006	Excellent hotel	This hotel is excellent, there was two of us who came to new york and we were given a king size room which was sapcious for new york. The bathroom had a huge shower cubicle that could of fitted about four people in (although i didn't try :)The breakfast was brillant with buns, croissants, cereal, coffee etc and even at 9:50am when the breakfast was suppose to finish at 10:00am they were still stocking up witrh food and drink.The hotel staff were brillant and helped me in every way especially telling me directions to places. I would say the only thing you would have to do when staying at this hotel is put your 'privacy notice' on your door before you go to bed bacuse the maid can come round about 9:00am and she will knock on your door unless you have the notice hanging on your door overall i would say if you are going to new york then stay at this hotelP.S. The location is excellent, round the corner from times square, top of the rock, 5th avenue etc	
May 1 2006	Very Disappointed	My friend and I stayed at this hotel from 4/28-4/30 for a &quot;mom's weekend&quot;. My husband and I are Priority Club members and have always had great service at Holiday Inn's / Crowne Plaza's. This trip however changed all that. We tried to check into the hotel at the 3pm check in time and our room was not ready until 3:30 so we felt as though we were wasting our day sitting in the lobby. When we finally reached our room (a reserved 2 double bed room) we were given a 1 king bed room and when I called the front desk to let them know, they said the &quot;couch pulls out&quot;. This was not acceptable to us and they did change our room to what we did reserve, but after the late check in and the wrong room, it was very aggrivating. But the kicker came on Sunday morning when at 9:15 someone was banging on our door, and when we answered, it was housekeeping asking if we were checking out!!! We were SOUND asleep! I have never in my life had that happen at a hotel. To make matter worse, we laid back down and not 4 minutes later she knocked again. This time I asked her what time check out was and when she said 11am, I showed her our Privacy Please tag, affixed it to our door and told her not to knock on it again!!. I was outraged and called the front desk and received no apology. As I said, we enjoy every other Holiday Inn we have ever stayed at mainly for their cleanliness and great service, but I will never stay at this one again and would not recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 30 2006	Can't find a fault	I was really pleased with my stay here. My room on the third floor was spacious for New York and incredibly clean. Despite being a smoking room the linen and air smelled fresh. I loved the supersoft kingsize bed. The bathroom was really well stocked and the shower was large enough for two people with excellent water pressure. All the staff I met were freindly and very helpful. The location is excellent too. I really can't find any negatives about this experience apart from that there wasnt any view from my room (3rd floor) and the breakfast was a bit of a feeding frenzy in the small lobby. I will definately stay again perhaps next time I will try to get a room higher up to see if there is any kind of view from up there.	
Apr 30 2006	Good value at Holiday Inn	For location and value, can't beat it. Basic, clean and safe accommodation. Easy walking distance of the great sights, round the corner from Times Square. Not for you if you want luxury, but if you're here to sightsee and want a decent place to stay, it's perfect.	
Apr 26 2006	Great Price/Great Hotel	Stayed 3 nights from 4/20 to 4/23. Yes the room are really small but the hotel is clean, bed was comfortable, free wireless that was fast, breakfast in the morning and helpful / kind staff. Arrived at 1pm and room was ready to check in. Also requested higher room and was given 21st floor.We were 2 teenagers and 2 moms all sharing one room. Since we knew it would be small we packed smaller suitcases and used drawers in the room. Do wish there was more area to hand clothes. Maybe 7 items max fit in closet.Others have mentioned elevators were slow. We did not experience this at all and the hotel was 100% sold out while we were there. Only once was the elevator crowded.If you do stay here and need them to store bags on last day make sure you get down early. They told us they have run out of storage space (small closet under stairwell on lobby level).	
Apr 15 2006	Good Value at the Holiday Inn Express	On our most recent visit to NYC, we stayed at the Holiday Inn Express for its cost and excellent location close to the Broadway shows. Although the rooms were very small, our hotel room was clean, our breakfast was included, and the staff were exrememly helpful. They stored our bags for the day after check-out and provided directions as needed. If you don't mind a small room in a very tall, narrow building, this is a great value for NYC!	
Apr 10 2006	A Great Bargain 	Spent 3 nights with a family of 2 adults and 3 kids in one double bedded room. Paid $179.00/night thru the Holiday Inn Express website. Fantastic rate for this hotel and location. 2 blocks from Rockefeller Center, St. Patricks Cathedral, Times Square. Much shopping and many dining choices all around. Super service. Everyone at the hotel were friendly and very helpful. CLEAN - CLEAN - CLEAN. Hotel is brand new so nothing to complain about at all. Felt very safe and very comfortable.If there is a negative it is the size of the rooms. Cramped, but average for NYC. Front desk reception aisle is literally an aisle way, seperated from the breakfast area by the buffet bar. Sometimes difficult to maneuver in or out of hotel on either side as it's so narrow. 5-10 peoople in the lobby area and it's a crowd! Forget it though -- go and enjoy!	
Apr 9 2006	Clean Comfortable would book again!	Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Holiday Inn Express in NYC. My Mother, sister and I stayed for a weekend birthday celebration and were very pleased. It is a great value for the price. The free continental breakfast was just the right way to start a day in the city and the location is outstanding. Walking distance to Fifth Avenue attractions, Times Square, etc. Very clean, great showers and comfortable beds. Don't hesitate to book. Perfect hotel for a weekend shopping trip to the city.	
Apr 2 2006	Loved the location	My husband and I and our two young sons stayed here in December and loved it. Very safe and excellent location. Literally situated between Fifth Avenue and Times Square and just down from Rockefeller Center. Was able to walk to everything we did. Even walked from Museum of Natural History, through Central Park, and back down Fifth Avenue to hotel. Would definitely stay here again and would highly recommend it to anyone, especially if travelling with children. Only negative was the small rooms and slow elevators but these were very minor cons compared to the great advantages of staying here.	
Mar 27 2006	Small elegant rooms with little closet space but an awesome deal	I paid $190 a night and for that price this hotel is a complete steal. The inside is totally renovated and new and modern and as others have mentioned the beds are very comfortable and the TV and cable is great. I found the staff to be incredibly friendly and responsive. Without being asked, they provided me with large subway and bus maps. You can tell the hotel is making a point of giving good service perhaps to help keep word of mouth to drive business. Internet access is free which is great. There's ice machines on every floor, and my room (king bed, 16th floor, facing street, away from elevator) was very very quiet.The only thing I would say is that the rooms are small, perhaps the main room is the size of a king bed plus 4 feet on each side. This should be just fine for a single traveller (expecially since the beds are so comfortable) but it might be a bit crowded for couples and probably intolerable for more.The other thing you should know is that closet space is EXTREMELY limited. You have about one foot worth of hanger space. Anything more than that and you will need to fold the clothes and put in drawers.Other than that, this is a really nice hotel for the price when sub $200, a price that in NYC usually means a run down fleabag hotel.As others have said this is a great, safe location near 45th and 5th.	
Mar 21 2006	St Patricks Day in NYC	Holiday Inn Express is thee hotel to stay in in New York city if you are on a mid-low budget the hotel is clean &amp; modern. The staff are helpful and friendly. The hotel is in a great location from Times Square &amp; 5th Ave. which makes it ideal for St. Patricks Day celebrations!!!	
Mar 15 2006 	Decent hotel great price!	I stayed here on business and for a few extra nights vacation for 5 nights in February. Everybody has mentioned all the positives including nice rooms (although) small great tv channel selection, and good breakfast. I would definately stay here again as the location and price can't be beat. Did have one small problem, which over a month later has only just been resolved. I had a bathrobe go missing from my room (probably taken away with the sheets) and did get a bit of a run-around from the staff and management for compensation. After many many phone calls reminding them, I got $100 refunded on my credit card. They did want to give me a $100 credit for my next stay, but I said that wasn't satisfactory. Anyway, it was resolved so my faith has been restored in this great little hotel!	
Mar 14 2006	Super midtown hotel!	My husband and I just spent the weekend at this Holiday Inn Express and I must say it was a very pleasant experience. Check in was efficient and friendly although very small reception area. The rooms are tiny, like a cruise ship cabin without the motion sickness. Everything was fantastic though with very comfortable beds, cable channels just like at home, nice marble bath (mine did have a tub and shower combo) and great soundproofed windows that open for fresh air. Rooms are fine for a weekend but don't know where you would put a couple of big suitcases with lots of clothes if staying longer. Breakfast was good but the breakfast room was very crowded. All in all I would stay here again if the price was right.	
Mar 2 2006	Will be back	Great location - just off Fifth Avenue &amp; less than a 20 minute walk from loads of tourist sites (Empire State Building, Central Park, Times Square, St Patricks Cathedral, Rockerfeller Center etc etc). Rooms are small but have everything you could want (comfy beds, coffee making equipment, iron, alarm clock....). For breakfast be sure not to leave it till the last minute as it finishes at 10.00am sharp and by that stage on the Sunday we stayed there was only cereal left. Only complaint would be you could hear the lift motor from our room although it wasn't loud enough to keep us awake and we did have to wait up to five minutes at times for it to arrive.Would stay again - only exception would be if one of the expensive hotels was doing a special and came in at a cheaper rate :)	
Feb 24 2006	Good simple worth the price.	Stayed this weekend 2/17/06. Very friendly staff. Clean rooms. Small for two beds but its NYC so its expected. Great price but be wary of how you are charged. I got a receipt in the morning for additional charge on top of my prepaid room. Staff took care of it. Decent continental breakfast...beware of the milk if you are that adventerous. Location has a lot of selection for quick food. Would reccommend for a cheap no frills stay.	
Feb 23 2006	great location and price	Stayed at the Holiday Inn Express the weekend of February 4th with my friends. The AAA rate, with taxes, was $165. The location was perfect and the rooms spotless &amp; comfortable. I had read a couple of reviews beforehand saying the elevators were slow &amp; the lobby cramped. SO WHAT! We were on the 25th floor and never had to wait long for an elevator. As for the lobby, how much time are you going to be spending there? The breakfast was more than just cold bagels and coffee, you could fill up on boiled eggs, danish, yogurts, waffles, hot and cold cereals. Hot coffee and tea are available 24 hours a day, as well as free local papers. I can't say enough about the value and quality of this hotel. Will definitely be going back next year when we do the girls weekend in NYC&gt;	
Feb 15 2006	Irresponsible staff slow room preparation	Lost the paper which proved that I paid to my travel agency. Unwilling to refund my deposit although it was obviously THEIR problem. Irresponsible and bad attitude. Untrained staff. Janitors cleaned slow and occupied the elevators most of the time. Had to wait more than an hour to get my room although made a reservation.Not professional overall. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL.	
Feb 12 2006	Great little hotel.	We had a wonderful stay over a Saturday Lincon Birthday weekend night. We had reserved a double/double but they only had kings so we were given 2 king rooms. Total price before tax was $152.10 (total, not per room). This was amazing for Manhattan Times Square Area. Nice, albeit a little slow, staff. Rooms are small but nicely appointed with lots of TV channels. Location is extremely convenient to Broadway (even in a blizzard :-) ). We missed the continental breakfast (slept in), but others seemed to have enjoyed it. Free computer in the basement for guest use. Free wireless internet in room (though not strong enough for a Dell Axim). While this is not a Luxury hotel, it is well above budget. Fine place to stay.	
Feb 10 2006	Loved this hotel!!		
Jan 29 2006	Great location good service		
Jan 21 2006	A Great Hotel		
Jan 20 2006 	Very nice hotel small rooms but great overall!		
Jan 17 2006	Believe the Reviews		
Jan 16 2006	Great Hotel		
Dec 17 2005	Great Value and Location!		
Dec 9 2005	Great Location		
Nov 14 2005 	Wrongly priced		
Nov 11 2005	A good place to stay in Midtown NYC		
Sep 3 2009 	----		
Jul 13 2009 	Ambientes pequeños pero excelente ubicacion!		
Jun 14 2009 	Delizioso hotel a due passi dalla fifth ave		
Mar 27 2009 	??????????		
Mar 12 2009	super Lage		
Jan 24 2009 	Ottima posizione		
Sep 27 2008 	Ottima soluzione!		
Sep 6 2007	Excellent Hôtel		
Aug 25 2007 	Ottima posizione		
