	The Manhattan Club	I found this hotel to have very comfortable accomodations. Travelling with a family or group, it is ideal as a place to sleep and relax. The services were excellent, catering to just about every need and giving excellent suggestions, whether it be for dining or theatre or a museum. The location is perfect. Right between Times Square and Central Park and across the street from Carnegie Hall	
Oct 19 2009 	The Manhattan Club is a fabulous location but not as fancy as I expected.	The room was not as luxurious as I was expecting. We've stayed in many nicer Wyndham resorts. It was nice and the location is fabulous. You can walk to many New York landmarks. There were a couple of minor maintenance issues that needed attention. The front desk employees were more helpful than the concierge. I would stay there again because of the location. There was a breakfast available on site, but it seemed very pricey for what was offered. There were several good restaurants close by that the front desk directed us to.	
Oct 9 2009 	Centrally Located	Our experience staying at the Manhattan Club was pleasureable. We stayed in a one bedroom and it was spacious for New York standards. There was a fitness room on site,but we didn't use the facilities. They served fresh coffee and tea and cookies from 11am - 4pm in their Owner's Lounge. It's centrally located. We were able to walk to Central Park, Times Square, Broadway and subway entrances.	
Oct 7 2009 	A Great Deal If You Can Get It.	My wife and I stayed for a week in September. This was our second stay here. Both times we were in a one bedroom suite. The suite consists of a separate bedroom with a king bed, flat screen TV, closet, plenty of drawers and a bathroom with tub and shower. Then there is a separate living room with a TV, an eating area, a mini kitchen and another bathroom with a shower. There is daily maid service, good towels and bath amenities. We were on the 25th floor with an east view and windows that opened. The decor is functional, mid-level but clean and more than adequate. On our stay the elevators were running and our limited staff encounters wer also fine. We had done the time share tour last visit so they left us alone.I read the mixed reviews. I know they were having elevator problems but they are now ok. Of course, the location is the best. Easy walking distance to MOMA, Lincoln Center, Metropolitan Museum, Central Park, Whole Foods, etc. Plenty of restaurants in walking distance and easy subway and bus access. From our perspective, the best part is that we get in on a timeshare swap thru RCI and the cost is minimal compared to the rack rate. As one of the very few timeshares in NYC its not easy to get into but our timeshare company seems to make a deal to make it available. Don't know if I would pay $500 + a nite but as long as we can do a timeshare swap its a great deal and a great location.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Hotel with the best possible location	I love the Manhattan Club for its location and the energy of New York city. The hotel is well kept and the room size is large for a typical Manhanttan hotel. I can't wait to get back	
Aug 11 2009 	Excellent location and value for money	A last-minute booking but well worth it! Stayed here from 30 July 2009 for 10nts. Spacious rooms &amp; friendly staff. Bath &amp; Body Works amenities. The beds are quite heavenly. Nothing much to say about the lobby and the elevators though, but it's no biggie. We especially loved the business centre on the 26th floor - 5 computers readily available for guests to use, and you can print, too. Times Square is just a 5minute walk. Close to lots of shopping like GAP, Daffy's, etc. Subway is almost next door (57th Street) - Columbus Circle is less than a 5min walk. Very close to Central Park. We really liked this place.	
Jul 30 2009 	We had a great stay.	We stayed at the Manhatten Club as part of a timeshare sales presentation. This was our second time so all we got was a room at the MC for $150 and free parking. The first time we got 2 show tickets a $25 gift card and a free night at the MC. We payed $200 for a fabulous room at the Millelium Hotel. The presentation was not hard sell and kind of fun. The MC is an old building refurbished nicly, but with not enough elevators, so the wait at 4pm and 10am can be quite long. The room was large, clean, attractive and everything worked. The only negative is that when every anybody took a shower or ran the water you hear it. It was not loud but annoying late at night. The location is the best feature. I would stay there again if the price was right.	
Jul 1 2009	Heads up.	Lets start by saying it's 3:30 in the morning, I'm physically in my room here at the Manhattan club, and I'm so upset I had to write a review. When trying to make reservations one person told us there was nothing available for almost a year. When we tried back again a few days later, a gentleman said &quot; We have anything you want available, just give me the date you want to come and well make your reservation.&quot; and with no problem, we were booked. Strange. We get here and TRY to check in at 4 p.m, which is the check in time. We proceeded to wait 45 minutes because our room was &quot;not ready.&quot; The lobby filled in no time with people who's rooms were &quot;not ready.&quot; The front desk clerk gave us attitude for asking her how much longer it would be. If check out is at 11 and check in is at 4, does it really take 5 hours to clean the room? (word round the building:if you stay past 11 they charge you $50. But no compensation for making us wait in the lobby?) We get to the room and there are paint chips in random places throughout it. Wall paper falling off, numbers on the granite tiles (where the builders were counting pieces or something), there is a huge scaffolding outside our window, the toilet paper roll fell apart because there was no spring in it (tp now sits on the floor), the toilet seat in the other bathroom fell off upon sitting on it,all of the brass fixtures are corroding, the blow dryer burnt out, and the elevators are extremely slow. Ok, not a huge deal. The thing that did it for me was moving from the bedroom to the living/sitting room with the pullout sofa bed. The bed was broken. The entire couch came along with the bed while pulling it out. One side would come out, the other would go in. I finally wrestle it out....3:30 in the morning...to find that when I sit on it, it collapses in on me like a sandwich. I am now forced to sleep horizontally, in the crack/fold of the mattress with my feet on a chair. It makes me think, &quot;someone came in here and made this broken bed up with sheets, a blanket and a pillow. Then put it back into the sofa, and left it for the next customer/guest&quot; I am not pleased. To say the least the location is great and the internet works. The TV's do too, but the remotes are missing battery covers. The concierges were ok, got the task done, even though they bickered back and forth about a location of a certain store. This is not as upscale a place as they sell it to be. Maybe a &quot;Howard Johnson does Manhattan.&quot; Very disappointing for the amount of money they want.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great Stay	I was very worried after reading the awful reviews, but our stay was great. The room was large and clean, with a queen bed and a pull-out couch. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the location was great.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great Location for Central Park 	My wife and I stayed at the Manhattan Club for our annual trip to NYC for a Guggehneim exhibit. We found this place through a Home show in Maryland and knew it was a 'time-share' and we were going to sit through the 'time-share sell'. The hotel is going through renovations but great quality of the rooms. Recommend the 26th floor bar as he pours a mean scotch on the rocks (little ice). Typical elevator problem that every highrise has in Manhattan, slow rise rate so it takes a while but we were going in and out not during 'heavy-rush times'. Would stay there again for the location to Central park, Subway, etc.	
Jun 20 2009 	Buyer Beware...Stay at the Park Central next door	I use to own a timeshare here. The staff for the most part are RUDE. The tv was broken on one occasion and no one ever showed up to check it. I have seen this place go from very nice to pretty bad over the years. Wall paper coming off the walls, cracked tiles in the bathroom, overall maintenace of the place is very poor. The conceirge desk while helpful, wern't there some of the time and some of them act like they're doing you a favor by helping you. Someone needs to tell them, IT IS YOUR JOB TO HELP ME! Another time the all of the elevator's were broken, yes, broken and they had us go through through the back , in a dark hall and use the service elevators. The elevators in general take forever to get too.The front desk are awful people to deal with...I showed up and they told me check in wasn't for another hour. I waited, and waited only to have some guy walk right up and get his key. When I asked why I was still waiting, there was a snappy, answer back...your room is not ready. The key is to ask are there any rooms open? They will call and bug you on the phone to buy the timeshare. DON&quot;T BUY!!!!! PLEASE DON'T BUY. This place started with inflated prices and now, have sky rocketed into more inflated prices. AND YOU WILL NEVER SELL IT AND YOU WILL NEVER GET YOUR MONEY BACK AND THE FEES ARE OUTRAGEOUS AND KEEP GOING UP.When I bought one I spent $20,000 and when I sold it, no one could buy it, because they have a buy back clause that they get first crack at it. You don't know if they will buy it, but no one else can either. Then when they buy it back, which happened to me...I only got $4,000. YES, $4,000. iT IS THE BIGGEST LEAGAL SCAM I HAVE EVER SEEN! STAY CLEAR!	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Location	Stayed at the Manhattan club for four nights on a shopping trip to New York in December 2008. We booked a suite for 4 adults it was a bit cramped but we asked for a rollaway bed and that was provided. However we were charged extra for it. The hotel is in a fabulous location for shopping, eating, drinking and the theatre. Would recommend it for a short break.	
May 20 2009 	Location Location Location	This was my fourth stay at the Manhattan Club and on this visit we landed a huge, two bathroom suite on the 22nd floor. It was by far the nicest room I've ever had in NYC. I've stayed in smaller units here which are nice but somewhat cramped. We love the refrigerator, microwave and dishwasher, which makes it nice for leftovers. The king size bed had thick comforters and even the pull out couch was comfortable. Large towels, daily maid service, robes, made it even nicer.One of the best things is the location. The subway station is just down the block so you can get anywhere in Manhattan. You are only two blocks from Central Park and across the street from Carnegie Hall. Down on 7th Ave. are the Carnegie Deli and Stage Deli to grab a huge sandwich - you can store your leftovers in the frige. You can easily walk to Times Square. The staff is adequate, not overly friendly. They had to search awhile for my reservation but once they found it, everything was fine. I would highly recommend this hotel. It is clean and very convenient to get anywhere in the City. Only gripe is elevator is very slow.	
May 14 2009 	Dissappointing	I would not class these suites as 4* we booked a suite for 2couples which was very small and cramped. It was a open plan with living area with sofa bed and small bathroom with no window so got very steamy &amp; stuffy.Our air conditioning didnt work and the heat was horendous when we opened the window for fresh air it was noisy. There was just enough room to get the sofa bed opened out in the living area, when opened out it was almost touching the fridge &amp; units and the couple that slept on it ended up sleeping with the fridge door opened to try cool down. The carpet in the suite&amp; the corriders was worn and tired. The location was good but everything else was really dissappointing especially when it was fairly expensive the pictures were very very deceiving. Much better to stay in a hotel	
Apr 15 2009 	When is a suite not a suite?	I booked one of the Manhattan Club's Metropolitan Suites (through Expedia.com) for 1st week in March for my birthday. I was very , very disappointed! On my initial booking request form I asked for an outward looking suite and as high up as was available - preferably above the 9th floor. When we arrived we discovered that our suite was on the second floor. I questioned this and pointed out that I had specifically stated that I wanted a high floor but was informed, by very dismissive staff, that ALL the Metropolitan Suites are situated on the second floor! I was really flaming mad as no one had had the courtesy or the decency to let me know when I was booking, that this was the case.Then we went up to our 'suite' only to discover that it was not a 'suite' but one room with a pull down setee! Not enough room to swing the proverbial cat in and when the sofa was pulled down you could not even squeeze past it to get to the bathroom - you had to jump over it! We had booked the 'suite' as it was supposed to have a separate bedroom (according to the descprition and photograph on the web page of their ad.) and accommodate 4 people, there were three of us, myself, my brother and my female friend, she then had to stay with my sister and other friends, as there was absolutely no way we all could have stayed there comfortably for one week. After travelling 3,000 miles from Scotland to say that I was bitterly disappointed is an understatement. I did complain to the sultry, disinterested staff who informed me that it had nothing to do with the Manhattan Club, I would have to complain to Expedia and that it could take two days to get a hold of them.I'm afraid I feel I was well and truly very expensively conned and would not recommend the web site or the Manhattan Club to anyone I know intending to spend time in NY. First impressions are usually lasting ones!	
Apr 11 2009 	EXCELLENT LOCATION	My husband &amp; I were on our first visit to New York to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. We used our points system and booked the Manhattan Club 10 months in advance of our trip. Our accommodation was a junior studio which was ideal for our purpose. It was clean, functional and the bed was so comfortable (I want their pillows). There was limited cooking facilities but we had no intention of doing any cooking. Making coffee was our limit. The location was absolutely perfect for getting around New York especially Broadway, Times Square, Central Park, 5th Avenue and subways. During our week we received one phone call about attending a presentation, which we declined, and were never bothered again. Yes, we could have received vouchers for meals, tickets for shows but our time was more valuable. The only day we had a problem waiting for lifts was on check out, but it wasn't unbearable . When we go back to New York we will definately try and stay at the Manhattan Club.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great location good amenities but beware of the shower water temp.	I love where this hotel is located. It is across the street from Carnegie Hall, and a few blocks from Central Park, two subway stations, and easy walking distance to Times Square. The rooms are nice, and the beds are very comfortable. The elevator issue seemed to be fixed, and we didn't get hounded to purchase a timeshare. We attended the presentation, said &quot;no&quot; and received our gift cards to the restaurants. The things to beware of--if you book for a presentation and they drop the price, you will not get your rate adjusted. Also, and this was the biggest headache--the water temperature was absolutely horrible. It would go from scalding to freezing, and scalding again. Finally, even though it was only a three dollar charge, we were told when we made our initial reservation that our room was completely paid for and yet we still had a three dollar bill (it wasn't for any incidentals--it was the room charge balance).	
Mar 25 2009 	Too many obstacles tarnish otherwise great location.	This time share/hotel is in a great location on W56, between 7th and 8th Aves. Close to Central Park, Carnegie Hall and Lincoln Center. The elevator wait daily was horrible. The persistent phone calls from time share sales staff wanting &quot;90 minutes of your time&quot; was very bothersome. Bellmen and front desk staff were very indifferent. there is a lounge on the 26th floor, open to members and hotel guests alike. Michael, one of the bartenders, was an asset to this property. If you are able to secure a great room rate, don't mind long elevator waits and can handle your room phone ringing when trying to relax, then go for it. Otherwise, I say find a reputable hotel that has a repuation for customer service.	
Mar 22 2009 	Timeshare Bully	There was a lady sales representative that had a &quot;you owe me attitude&quot; trying to sell us a timeshare. She was very rude, unprofessional, and her &quot;aggressive&quot; sales tactics were a total turn off. If I had a $100,000 in my back pocket, I would not buy a timeshare at this location. Everyone that we met in New York was very nice except for this one chick. I know that economic times are bad, however no one should be that desperate for a sale. She made comments such as, &quot;you lied...&quot; &quot;your aunt lied...&quot; &quot;are you not in the same financial bracket as your aunt...&quot; These comments were totally uncalled for by this so-called professional. She needs to get one thing straight--I am the customer, and you SIMPLY work there. If you are there for the timeshare promotion, I am hoping that you are treated with respect. The RESPECT that I did not receive at the presentation. I love New York...not Tiffany!	
Mar 5 2009 	Rooms are small and Overpriced	Couch and Chair in room had worn out fabric. The showerhead was broken and did not work right. Bathroom has small sink with no counter. Pull out bed was no good. Save your money and stay in a regular hotel.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great Location Better than we expected	We traded one of our RCI weeks and booked close to a year in advance. We had a one bed room suite that had a private bedroom and bath. This unit also had a lovely living area with a pull out couch and another bath with a shower. We travelled with one teenager. When we checked in, we were given a smaller unit than we had been promised, but once we saw the room, we returned to the Front Desk and a new room was assigned with out any hesiation. Minor error ! Our room was on the 25th floor, a view to 7th Avenue... The room was very clean and well stocked for our purposes.Daily maid service, which you pay a small service fee for ,was well worth it. After staying at a high end hotel in NYC before, it was great to have a living space with a small kitchenette . We found a great wine shop around the corner on Broadway and there was a great PAX deli as well as a small supermarket ...We like to have Breakfast in our unit and this trip we found that after enjoying some fabulous lunches around the city, we did not want to eat another meal before the Theatre....Between PAX and the market( Morton and Williams) we were able to enjoy a lighter meal and rest before we headed out on the town again. Transportation around the city from this location is ideal...we liked to walk....and used the Double Decker tour bus to see more of the city. Would use the subway , but it was our daughter`s first trip and either City Sights or Gray LIne will give you Hop on Hop off tours to Manhattan and Brooklyn.Make sure you ask these tour operators for an extra day or 2 for the same price...always a deal in NYC. We did the theatre twice and most theatres were in walking distance. We always go directly to the Box Office for tickets as sometimes we get better seats at a better price....there is a discount ticket agent TKS in Time`s Square, but would rather not waste our New York Minutes waiting in line ups. We did not use the Lounge or the Fitness Center, however a number of guests we met were happy with the service. Elevators were not a big inconvenience, although I must admit they are a bit slow.Overall, we hope to return to The Manhattan Club.I do not think you can beat the location and the accommodations were better than we expected....and I admit I am a really picky when it comes to cleanliness...kudos to the housekeeping staff! I had read all the Horror stories about this hotel before we arrived and it was not part of our experience at all. To those going to visit soon, enjoy your stay and be thankful for the location and to those that are considering a trip, give it a try....New York is such a wonderful city to explore ...and The Manhattan Club is in the heart of it all	
Feb 24 2009 	Lucky Trade! Amazing Week!	We lucked into the Manhattan Club as a timeshare trade and were thrilled to get it. Reading the negative reviews, we were mildly concerned but didn't need to be. The room on the 22nd floor had Central Park views, two large, very clean bathrooms, and a well equipped kitchenette. Elevators worked fine, furnishings weren't luxe but were clean, housekeeping was well done and attentive, windows opened (love that city noise, even when it's cold outside), bartender in club bar was great, location was fabulous. Business center was never full--computer access 24 hours, but the printers were out of service. Gym looked okay but we didn't use it--walked to Brooklyn for pizza instead of working out. Front desk staff seemed a little cold, but we got a great room so who needs warm chit chat?	
Feb 23 2009 	Great location very comfortable beds nice hotel -- crummy hospitality fee	It's all about location, location, location. Manhattan Club was a perfect location and in walking distance of almost everything we wanted to do. The one bedroom unit, which had 2 bathrooms, was perfect for a couple but would have been a little too crowded for 4 people. The beds were very comfortable and the unit was quiet. We have a great week in New York City. We did not like the fact that we paid upfront through RCI and through our time share, then Manhattan Club wants to tack on a &quot;hospitality fee&quot; of $25 per day. My definition of hospitality is entertaining guests or visitors with liberality and goodwill. So, now we have to pay people to be nice to us?? We had a great vacation and enjoyed the location. Would we go back, of course.	
Jan 31 2009	worth waiting for	It took a very long time but we were able to book an RCI exchange six months prior to our stay. From the sound of the agent at RCI it was like winning the lottery. They simply don't see space coming up at the Manhattan Club. I then spent the next six months reading alot of very bad reviews and was more than a little nervousl. Our visit was wonderful. I had phoned and requested a specific type of room and on arrival they said the room set aside for us wasn't ready but if I wanted another room very similar to what we booked we could have it. We chose to wait and went for a walk in Central Park which is about five minutes away. On return the room was ready . The one bedroom unit had two baths a kitchen and a living room with an eating area. There was more than ample storage including in the bathroom which is almost unheard of. The bed was great with fresh linens and a duvet. There was a door to close off the bedroom and one bath. There is no question that the room showed some wear and tear but not in any way that made us feel uncomfortable. There were lots of towels and supplies both in the bath and kitchen. The elevators worked very well. We never heard a sound from any other room. The staff was helpful and pleasant with one exception on checkout. I attempted to pay with travellers cheques and was told they don't accept them. The hotel would cash them but not accept them as payment. The young women was rude as well as unknowledgeable. I asked for the manager and she then phoned someone who told her they were accepted. The location is perfect for wakling and the subway. If you go out via the Park Central Hotel there is a subway about 30 seconds from the door. Buses run crosstown on 57th one block north. We did go to the presentation and were shocked at the cost to buy a timeshare unit. The manager who came out after the salespitch found it very hard to accept that we couldn't afford it. He did not like taking no for an answer. We loved Nocello for dinner which was good value and delicous. The theatre is so easy to get to by subway taking about 20 minutes max from door to door. I would go back in a heartbeat.	
Jan 13 2009 	Pleasant experience	We stayed here as a timeshare, and after reading a lot of negative reviews, we were apprehensive. However, our stay was very positive. We had no trouble with the elevators. The staff was very courteous. We asked for an outside facing room which we were given which turned out to be more than adequate. The location is excellent. We were called once to see if we were interested in their timeshare presentation. We declined and were not bothered again. All in all, we would highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 28 2008	Totally ruined our trip to NYC	I don't normally write these types of reviews, in fact I think I've done this once in the past ten years, despite staying in hotels all over the world. But the experience at this place was, in a word, awful. The first night (which was a warm, humid evening in early November), the room felt quite warm as we went to bed. We adjusted the thermostat as low as it would go and turned in. By three a.m., we were all awake - the room was an oven. A call to the front desk informed us that this place had a &quot;single pipe&quot; system - hot or cold only. Due to it being early Nov, it was now heat only. We opened the door into the hallway - no relief. They told us to open the windows (16th floor, small kids in room...), which we did as much as safely possible. A fan was eventually delivered. When we asked for a second fan, we were told they were now out of them - others were presumably suffering this pressure cooker experience also. The second night things got far worse. We awoke to the sound of water dripping, fast and strong - the ceiling was leaking, dripping onto our sleeping children. The ceiling felt soggy, a weird rectangle appeared, like the panel might collapse down. A hotel &quot;engineer&quot; arrived. He agreed with my recommendation - we move rooms. At 3am, we carried our half-awake children and belongings to another room (no, it wasn't next door.) After two hours of lost sleep, we collapsed. The next morning, exhausted and red eyed, we discovered that this new room also had a leak - a badly leaking window (the saturated towel sitting on the sill when we arrived was the giveaway), and also, the shower leaked water to the point that literally 1/8&quot; to 1/4&quot; of water remained on the floor after use, noticeably rotting out the bottom of all furniture in the bathroom (obviously a long-term, unfixed problem). After we finally checked out, we were given the number of the Manhattan Club's Exec Director to ask for an adjustment to our bill. This man was something to behold. I mean, amazing, right out of a bad movie... not only unsympathetic (offering an apology only after being told we hadn't gotten one), but rude, arrogant and... he actually seemed to be enjoying himself being that way. Dripping with sarcasm over a speakerphone, shuffling papers loudly, he said it wasn't their policy to issue any credits, no matter what the circumstances, and that was &quot;what made this country great - that we can disagree about this. You think you deserve some kind of credit, and I can say no.&quot; Yes, that's a direct quote. He confirmed that we had received the coupon for a free continental breakfast (Perhaps a $10 value, even in NYC - Bagels, carton juice etc.) And that was the end of that. And the end of any stays for us this &quot;timeshare.&quot; In thinking back over this place, even setting aside our individual awful experience, it was a rotten core. Every time I rode the elevator in that 2 1/2 days, people commented on how long the line was to use the elevator in the lobby (there were never less than a dozen people in line - yes, actually in line, day and night) or how long they had waited on their floor for it (think ten minutes, not 2-3.) The lobby itself was a rush hour traffic jam of people and suitcases for the several hours around check in or check out. And even as we approached the front desk when we first arrived, the first thing we saw was a very angry/heated exchange between a guest and a manager. We should have known then. And now, you know. And have been warned...	
Dec 17 2008	great time was had by all	We let our daughter and her husband stay at our time share and we stayed at a different location. Boy, were we sorry! They certainly got the better of the deal. They raved about the accommodations, the service, and the location for months afterwords.Next time we're giving them the &quot;other&quot; location and we're taking the Manhattan Club.	
Dec 16 2008 	LOVED Manhattan Club	We used our RCI timeshare and booked this 10 months in advance (3 nights). Was very nervous when reading recent reviews, but our experience was wonderful. The room must have been recently renovated, because everything was new, the room was modern and quite pretty, bathroom was wonderful, towels plush, bedding plush, quiet room, free internet access, flat screen TV, robes, excellent housekeeping. the front desk was friendly. We were offered tour for timeshare for $100 dinner voucher, but we didn't go and they weren't pushy. the location is so excellent, across from carnegie hall, blocks from rockefeller center, time warner/columbus circle, radio city music hall, multiple subway lines. We didn't use the gym, but it looked nice. We were on the second floor, so we just took the stairs. but when we did use elevators, it was pretty fast. We would love to do it again!	
Dec 16 2008 	Autumn in New York	We have been at the Manhattan Club for 2 weeks. Wonderful romantic view over Central Park, and therefor excellent location at midtown. The apt 1705 was on the corner of the buildind with 2 sides and 3 windows overlooking the 7th Av and the 56th Street. The apt was warm and cozy, two bathrooms, one bedroom, livingroom, and kitchenette. At the last floor there's a business center (free use of computers) and a big bar and common livingroom where you can find free newspapers and free cofee, tea, and biscuits from 11am to 4 pm.	
Dec 16 2008	Manhattan Club Suites aka Manhattan Time share Hotel 200 West 56th Street NY 100	Well placed hotel undergoing change. We were offered timeshare whilst checking in!The 'remodelled rooms' are small but have above average decor. The main drawback is that many rooms face inwards into a central shaft that lets in barely any light so your room is in permanent darkness. If you stay at this hotel make sure you get an outward facing room. Staff range from helpful to inefficient and surly dependant on how busy they are. Lifts are programmed badly so you have to wait forever unless you are prepared to use the staircase. Not feasable for elderly or those with young children.Despite all this the hotel was crowded with out of town guests coming into NY for Christmas shopping and the shows. If you can get an outside facing room and resist the timeshare sales spiel it is worth staying here	
Dec 6 2008 	good location but disappointing hotel	Spent 5 days here and upon arrival informed of 4pm check in which was fine and bags happily accommodated by concierge but when attempting to get to 23rd floor later with baggage had at least 10 mins wait to access the one working lift!! Long queue of people behind us becoming more and more frustrated.As the only lift working stopped at practically every floor on its way up and down it became really difficult to remain patient particularly by day 5 and the service lift was also out of action by now.We took to walking up/down several times before realising you could use the lift in the adjoining Park Central hotel from floor 11 down and back up to 23rd floor from their lobby. But no-one from the Manhattan Club informed us of this and seeing previous reports on this site I can now see it is an ongoing problem for the hotel and fail to understand why it has not been addressed before now.The room was ok but cold and the heating system was not working. A phone call to reception and we were informed an engineer would have to be called out! As we were now exhausted after flight we gave up waiting half hour later and went to bed. The bathroom was quite dated and the towels small and thin. No complimentary bottles of water but tea/coffee facilites and fridge and microwave in room.The only real advantage of this hotel was the location and the fact that we were out all day and came back to climb the stairs to fall asleep!	
Nov 16 2008 	fantastic hotel	I had read a lot of negative reviews about this hotel before I left but found it to be excellent! The staff were very friendly, it is 5 mins walk from times square and 4 of us (friends) shared a suite which had a lovely kitchen area, two double beds (one was sofa-but very comfortable and a lovely bathroom&gt; We couldn't check in until 4 when we arrived but our bags were minded for us and a lovely local restaurant was recommended- we were also able to sit upstairs and enjoy complimentary tea/coffee/biscuits while we waited. The concierge was very helpful. a lot of people mentioned that the lifts were very slow but at the end of the day it was not a big deal. I would definitley recommend this hotel	
Oct 18 2008	Room pleasant good location but wouldn't buy	My husband and I recently stayed for a weekend to celebrate our anniversary. I found out about it from a friend. We spent our obligatory 90 minutes and had to fend off 2 hard -sell sales people before we said &quot;No thanks&quot;. For that we got 2 tickets to the Blue Man Group, which was really fun.The room was not ready for a long time after it should have been. There were many grumpy people in the lobby. When the room was finally ready it was after dark. It was definately a nice sized space for NY and in a great location, but lot of time was wasted from our day. The room was a little run down... holes in the wall, missing wallpaper in BR and a broken cabinet in kitchenette, but it was clean and the bed was very comfortable.Oddly, the kind of suite we stayed in was not for sale. They tried to sell us a tiny room for a lot of money. As our sales person was trying to part us of our money, she kept calling on her cell phone to check on her investments. (!) It was weird and awkward. Although we did get free theater tickets I have to say, I would not buy there and probably would not want to go through the sales pitch again, when there are plenty of other hotels in the area in the $same price range.	
Oct 15 2008 	Slow elevator so what!	OK, so if you have an appointment, you've got to give yourself a little extra time with the elevators, which may or may not be working, but, wow, this place is so great for weekend visitors! It's on a pretty quiet street that's near theaters, museums, shopping and best of all Central Park! And our suite was just fabulous, with TWO BATHROOMS. And I can tell you, for two women weekending in NYC, this perk is worth a wait at the elevator! Friendly staff too. No restaurant, but I can recommend the Redeye Grill across the street and Trattoria Del Arte. Rooms have fridge and microwave too.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great location and acceptable room	In short - We stayed four nights at the Manhattan Club and overall found our Quad room comfortable (if a little on the small side) for our family of two adults and two children (6 and 7 year old boys). We chose the hotel because of price and location and it worked out well on both counts.In detail - when I first opened the door of our room I was taken back by how small it was. Then I remembered I was in New York! It had been 9 years since my last visit and I had forgotten how small the rooms in New York can be. The room was about standard for a New York hotel.We had what was called a &quot;Quad&quot; room. It consisted of a Queen size bed and a sofa bed. The sofa bed was just acceptable for our boys to sleep on. The mattress was so thin that an adult would have not slept due to the supporting frame of the mattress pushing into the middle of their back. Also, with the bed folded out the foot of the bed was too close too a glass topped coffee table for our liking - we felt it was awkward and dangerous. To solve this we took the glass top off and stored it under our bed and stood the coffee table on its end in a corner. In hindsight we should have asked the staff to remove the table. But the work around was fine.Other than the issues with the bed the room was completely fine. Our queen bed was quite comfortable and we slept well in it.Other guests have commented previously on the slowness of the lifts (elevators). We didn't have a problem with them, never more than a minute wait. I understand from one of the regular guests that the maintenance work on the lifts that had been going on for some time had been completed and that the accessibility of the lifts had improved significantly ever since.We did receive one call from hotel staff selling time share. They offered tickets to a show or a $150 Visa Cash card for attending one of their &quot;60 to 90 minute presentations&quot;. But they weren't too pushy about it and when I explained that we didn't visit often and hadn't been to New York for 9 years they backed right off and we did not hear from them again during our stay.We also found a couple of great, reasonably priced restaurants near our hotel. We had great pizza on 57th street and also went to a lovely asian restaurant on 7th avenue called Lili's that did Chinese food and Sushi.The real winner for us was the location. Being close to the subway and Central Park and a few minutes stroll to 5th Avenue and Times Square made this a great place to be based. When our boys had enough of the city we just wandered up to Central Park so they could run around and let off steam ,	
Sep 19 2008 	Manhattan Club Great location	The Manhattan Club is in a great location. 3 blocks from Central Park. Easy subway access, Close to Time Square and many other NYC attractions. Lots of restraunts nearby. Very helpful staff.the one bedroom suite has 2 full bathrooms which worked out nice for 2 couples. the fold out bed was not comfortable and we took the mattress out of the couch and put it on the floor to make it more comfortable. The kitchen does not have a stove. Overall we had a great stay and would stay again	
Sep 19 2008	Wasn't worth the money we saved	We used RCI points, so our stay for a week was about $85. It was not worth the savings. I would easily spend $500 a night for a better place. There weren't enough elevators to for the number of guests they had. There are no amenities at this hotel.	
Sep 3 2008 	This place was awesome	this hotel was amazing great location lots to do...great staff....the rooms were always cleaned..we had 4 guys for a trip to the yankees game and they gave us 2 cots for the room plus we had a doubble bed and pullout couch....also had our own kitchen. times square is just minutes away ...Hooters accross the street and oh ya the blue jays won.....YANKEES SUCK....	
Sep 2 2008 	Manhatten Club in a SCAM- Prospective Timeshare Buyer BEWARE!!	We have been a Timeshare owners at the Manhattan Club for over seven years now and we very much regrate ever doing business with this SCAM that called the Manhattan Club.When we joined they were very nice to us. The fee for the week we owned was about $600 and they told us that we own a suit for a certain week of the year we can change it to any week we desired. We have also been told that the week of this Unit we own is Flexible and as owners we are entitled to change our week to any 7 consecutive or non-consecutive nights at our option, and including 3 weekend stays par year. By now The weekly rate jamped to over $2,000 (more than tripled) which we have to pay at the begining of the year but we COULD NEVER GET A WEEK OR EVEN SOME DAYS. FORGET ABOUT WEEKENDS. They keep saying it is all booked for any week or even days we requests BUT WHEN WE CALLED THIER OFFICE IN PHILADELPHIA WE COULD GET THE SAME WEEK THEY HAVE TOLD US WAS TOTTALY BOOKED IF WE WOULD PAY THE RIGHT PRICE. We have purchased our unit because the location was good and still is but, when we did manage to get a room for a couple of days 3 years ago we found out that the service that used to be fair turned to be almost unbearable, the front dask agents are rude and impatience and the stay was no fun. We could get over the bad service because of the location but, we are tierd of bagging and being TURNED DOWN for a week that we paid a lot of money for and we CAN NEVER receive. POTANTIAL TIMESHARE BUYER AT THE MANHATTEN CLUB, BEWARE!!!	
Aug 27 2008 	Already paid in full but no room when arrive	I contacted the reservation dept. of the property. Firstly, it seemed nice and professional. I understood that the Manhattan Club is a time share property. I was asked to attend the sales presentation and I ageed. I was also asked for the credit card no. only for &quot;GUARANTEE&quot; the book. I did specifically mentioned that I will pay by cash - so the please do not charge on my card. This is due to the exchange rate matter. After I agreed on the booking, then the problems started.1. Changing of the contact personI once tried to contact the same representative for the booking as to change my staying date. I waited for a week before he contacted me back with the message that he only in charge of the booking. I do need to contact another department.2. My card was charged in full. I specifically mentioned that it was for &quot;Guarantee&quot; of the booking only, not to be charge. So I have to pay about USD 100 more due to the exchange rate and the bank charge.3. No room when arrivedWhen I and the family arrived at the property at 1 am (after a 27 hour-flight), the staff told us that there was no room for us for tonight. He didn't know the cause but he was asked to put us on another hotel nearby for a night. The room should be ready first thing in the morning. I was also suggested to file a complaint with the director who would be in the office tomorow in the morning. I asked the staff if the hotel he put us in was in the equivalent rate we paid. He said &quot;Yes&quot;. When we arrived at the hotel, we asked for the rate. It was USD 199, but we paid for USD 285. - How equivalent is that?3.1 When I came back in the in the morning (9.00 am), the director was not in yet. So, I decided to attend the presentation firstly by asking the front desk staff to inform me once the director is in. But until we finished with the presentation (11.00 am), there was no one informing us at all.3.2 When I contacted the front desk again, I was treated with neglecting behavior. There were 3 staffs behind the counter and they were snobbish and hostile. a) I asked for the director and the answer I got was that the director was in the meeting. b) I asked what time the meeting will end. The reply was in the afternoon.c) I asked if they could inform the director that there was a client waiting to see him because I had appointments in the afternoon. They refused to do so.d) I asked for my room. They said the check-in time is 4.00 pm.I was so upset because this vacation was for my mom's birthday. I had plans in the afternoon and couldn't wait the whole day for this mess. I started to piss off. The staff traited me to lower my voice or they would call the police. I, then, asked them to call the police. I called my lawyer. The police didn't come but the Chief of the Security came to talk with me. She informed me that the director was not working today. (I was surprise with the 3rd different messege I received about the director - so who's the [--].) And the room wouldn't be ready until 4. I said nevermind I already called lawyer. He would be here in a minute.After my lawyer arrived at 12.00 pm, he had a conversation with the same staffs. I got the room immediately with the complimented 1 day continental breakfast for 2 and the reimbursement for my 1st night at the cheaper hotel.I was once a New Yorker. I didn't expect this to be happening in one of my beloved city. Thanks to my friend who is a lawyer, otherwise, we would have been treated as a group of stupid asians who doesn't know anything.However, there was a nice thing. The guard who was asked to watch over me. He has more service mind than the front office staff. He should be promoted to replace them.	
Aug 24 2008 	Nice place to stay though I wouldn't buy	We had been contacted directly from the facility every 3 months for the past 4 years inviting our family to come stay at a reduced rate and take a &quot;no pressure&quot; tour of the facility. Being a native New Yorker, I am very familiar with the city. The location is as convienent as any in the city. The concierge was able to get us the theater tickets and restaurant reservations we requested that I was unable to do so directly myself. The 1 bedroom, 2 full bath room was spacious for Manhattan. The 26th floor lounge was large, friendly bar tender but only a few people there late night. The elevator efficieny was poor, average wait 5 minutes, faster using the 2 service elevators. The only disappointment we experienced was the we went for our &quot;90 minute tour / presentation&quot; before we checked in. We were expected to make a decision on the purchase right there even before we checked into our room. I found the finance &quot;money man&quot; was as pushy and arrogant as they come and this is coming from myself a native new yorker now living 3 hrs away. The &quot;special deal&quot; of $10 grand off was only good for those 90 minutes, if the place is so popular, why would they need to put a gun to our heads with this type of pressure sale. I responded that I did not intend to make that type of committment without &quot;driving the car first&quot;. They responded that this should be a no brainer, and it was we declinded their offer. At that time they became as cold as you could imagine. I was also told originally that I was paying for a 1 bedroom suite however on the initial check in they said they only had a studio and would see what they could do. They gave the impression that they were setting us up to see if we would buy before making the room committment. However, after declining to purchase, to my suprise we did get the 1 bedroom.Honestly speaking, if we took the tour at the end of our stay and if they were not so NY pushy, we may have purchased a week.They should rethink their strategy.Hopefully this helpful to othersA New York Native, living in a small country college town for the past 20 yrs (the best of both worlds)	
Aug 14 2008	no real problems	I stayed at the Manhattan Club with my Husband,30 yr old daughter and 13yr old granddaughter. we were there 7-4-08 to 7-11-08.Our check in was wonderful,the girl at the front desk could not have been nicer ,we exchanged though RCI and checked in at 3:30pm. Our room was 1708 and was very,very clean. It had a mini kitchen,two baths with tubs,a living room with pull out (which my daughter and granddaughter found ok to sleep on)we had a king bed in the bedroom that was very comfy. The maids came in every day for a fee of $25.00 per day but worth it. We rode the subway most of the time. We did take a taxi when we went to a show or out for the night . It was very warm and one would be too sweaty to walk to the theatre area. Location is great and there are little markets to get prepared foods, snacks or food items.There is a small fridge &amp; microwave in the unit. We had two TV's and a table to sit at to eat. The elevators were slow and we did take the service elevators at times but the wait was not that long. The staff helped with anything that we wanted with a smile and in a timely manner. We did not see anyone that was rude or did not want to be helpful from the maids,desk staff to the door men.We would stay here anytime we can. It was a wonderful week.	
Aug 13 2008 	Disappointed for a "Gold Crown" RCI Condo	I've stayed at quite a few &quot;Gold Crown&quot; timeshare resorts over the past 10 years in travels with my family, but I wouldn't consider Manhattan Club a Gold Crown resort at all. My husband and I signed up for the $250/night promotion and attended the timeshare presentation and received a $150 voucher to Alfredo's restaurant (not THAT great imo). The rooms they showed us during the presentation were DEFINITELY gold crown standard, however the ones that we were staying in were nothing even CLOSE to that quality! During our stay, one of two elevators were closed thus making it a really long wait to go up and down, especially when you have valets with their large baggage carts taking up 3/4 of the elevator. Instead, we used the service elevator which you had to go down this stuffy hallway and wait just as long (in the meanwhile, breaking out in sweat just waiting for the elevator). The floors of the hallways were covered in cardboard because of the elevator construction.The room itself...we booked about 4 months prior to the trip (they took our money right away at the time of booking) and upon arrival, they did not have an available room for us. They ended up putting us in a smoking room (when my husband is asthmatic) but moved us the next day to a &quot;suite&quot;. I must say, the suite was in much better condition than the first smoking room. In the smoking room, the wallpaper was bubbling, everything stenched of smoke, carpets were extremely dirty. As well, the shower in our suite was backing up so we had to get maintenance to clean the drain. The view from our room was of 3 brick walls. There were rooms on the right side of our room and the walls in front and to the left of our room were just plain brick walls. We were assured a room with a &quot;view&quot; by the manager because of their smoking room blunder but our view sure made us feel like we were living in a brick box!Front desk service was so so. Concierge was helpful. You can buy Broadway tickets from them (cash only).The best thing about Manhattan Club was its location. It's central to all the popular tourist sights and close to the subway stations.	
Aug 8 2008 	Great place but the service level was shocking	We stayed at the Manhattan Club for 7 days. Location was great as was the room/studio unit. In general we had a great stay but it was marred by the rudeness of the staff who were rather condescending and abrupt - in particular one of females working at the reception area was so rude that her manner bordered on insolence. We would recommend staying at the Manhattan Club as it is in a great location, easily accessible, clean, rooms are great and well maintained however we would warn people to expect rudeness from the staff .MDC - South Africa - August 2008	
Aug 3 2008 	Better than expected	Just back from a week long stay at the Manhattan Club (timeshare exchange via RCI). I was a bit nervous before our stay, after reading many of the reports here, however, we didn't have many of the problems that others experienced. The wait for elevators ranged from no time at all to 5-10 minutes. Longest waits were the days of check in/out on the weekends. Most waits were less than 3 minutes. Our 1 bedroom/ 2 bath unit was one of the smallest I have stayed in at the MC, but even with 5 people, we had room. The king sized bed was huge, and while not a lot of drawer space, we hung most of our clothes in the closet, or placed them on the high shelf in the closet. The desk in the bedroom provided a nice area to check email and search the internet for restaurants in the city. The internet connection was free, but at times, it was &quot;iffy&quot;. The living room was a nice size.....all of us could fit to watch TV in the evening. It became crowded once we opened the sofa bed (sister and her child slept in that), The two bathrooms were large, and came in handy w/ 5 people getting ready in the morning. We had plenty of towels, (think they gave 6 of each), as well as bath products, which were replenished daily if needed. The mini kitchen was very limited.....just a microwave to do any cooking, along with a small coffee pot (less than 4 cups), and a small fridge. Coffee, tea, and popcorn was replenished each day. There were enough plates/glasses (6 of each, in varying sizes) for everyone, as well as silverware. Some cabinet space to store snacks. Can't beat the location....subways are around the corner and across the street. Starbucks around the corner, full service grocery store within 2 blocks, and a large &quot;Whole Foods&quot; store in the Time Warner building (several blocks away). Plenty of restaurants/pubs in every price range within a short walk. Kids loved spending time in Central Park, at the playgrounds and climbing the huge rocks. We did the typical touring, saw some shows, and visited museums. Everyone had a great time.....and would definitely return.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great if you have patience and don't need a full service hotel	I was a bit nervous after reading the reviews, but pleasantly surprised during my stay this month.Starting with the cons:1) The elevators! We were on the 16th floor and at times just walked down! There was 1 regular elevator and then the service elevators, so we waited from 2-10 minutes based upon time of day. 2) While pleasant, housekeeping was very slow in helping us out our first night with a small issue, but then were fine after that.3) The concierge was adequate but not particularly helpful.4) The pullout couch, which my daughters slept on, was awful, so they put the mattress on the floor and layers of blankets on it to deal with the thin covering over the innersprings.Now the pros:1) Great location just 3 short blocks from Central Park, 10 minutes to Rockefeller Center and 5th Ave shops, diagonally across the street from Carnegie Hall, and the theatres were all within a 5-15 minute walking distance (there are so many sets of lights that it can take a while).2) The room was a generously sized 1 bedroom corner with views of Central Park, which I loved.3) The bed was surprizingly comfortable.4) Two great bathrooms! 5) Despite sweltering 88-92 degree weather, the ACs worked beautifully!So in summary, great location, great room, be careful of the pull-out couch mattresses and hope that both elevators are in service when you go, but I wouldn't hesitate to return!	
Jul 19 2008 	Manhattan Club has gone downhill	We are timeshare owners at the Manhattan Club and have been so since 2005. We stay here all the time when we come to NYC. We love the Manhattan Club and have no intention of selling our timeshare (we use it so much). However, it has gone downhill since we first began coming here:PROBLEMS:--Service is spotty at bets. Can be good. Can be terrible (unresponsive). However, we have never had rude service.--ELEVATORS!!!! Be prepared to wait a LONG time to catch an elevator. Usually only one (of two) elevator works so they open up the service elevators (which don't help much).STRENGTHS:--Nice clean rooms (usually).--LOCATION!!! You can't beat the location. Close to Time Square and Central Park.This is a nice place to stay. It isn't what it used to be which is a management problem. They need someone who can figure out how to run a timeshare hotel .	
Jul 17 2008 	Manhattan Club a pleasant surprise	My family consisting of my husband and I ( aged 50+) and my son and daughter (late 20s) stayed in the Manhattan Club for a week from 29th June 2008.We had read all the mixed reviews and were expecting to have to put up with a lot for the sake of the location. Quite the opposite!The staff couldn't have been nicer - and I mean that! Every single person working there, regardless of job, could not have been friendlier or more pleasant. I cannot understand how others reviewers give them such a bad press. We were on the 19th floor and when we stepped out of the lift, my heart sank. The carpet has been taken up and the refurbishment is under way. The apartments are generously sized but are rather careworn and not particularly light and airy. Everywhere is clean, though and the bathroom toiletries are lovely! We were on an RCI exchange and were led to believe it was a partial kitchen ie. hob but no oven. In fact there are no cooking facilities whatsoever. Sink, fridge and microwave only. There was free coffee, tea, hot water, cake and biscuits on the 26th floor every day from 11 to 4 which was very nice.The lifts (or elevators) were exactly what we had read from the reviews. How serious you were about it depended upon your character - either it was a bit of a hassle that you had to laugh about or you let yourself get really steamed up about it. It was really only a serious problem on check out day. We used the service elevator and felt sorry for the staff who couldn't get their service or luggage trolleys in for all the guests. Incidentally none of us ever travelled in the elevator with any garbage!The floors that have already been refurbished are lovely and once the elevators have been fixed, this place will be wonderful.I would definitely return.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great Location Horrible Service	I was invited to stay here for a package deal to tour the property and check out ownership.Check-in started fine- I was able to check in early and get situated before i went on my tour.After that- here are all of the things that went wrong:1. The TV in the room didn't work. We had to ask several people to come and check it before it would function. 2. I had to call several times for new towels.3. The elevator never came to Floor 2. If staff saw you waiting, they would yell at you to take the service elevators where you had to share the elevator with trash bins and garbage.4. The concierge was rude. When I asked her what there was to do around the hotel she said, &quot;Didn't you do your homework?&quot; I had to push her to give me specific suggestions.5. The &quot;Executive Level&quot; boasts a Continental Breakfast and Lounge Service. You have to pay for both.6. I was overcharged by $700 for my stay. When I went to complain, I was still overcharged by $100. I had to call the original booking company to get it fixed.7. I valet parked and gave my credit card. No one told me you had to request to be billed for your car so when my car came I was yelled at that I was trying to get away without paying. When I asked the Valet how to get to the Lincoln Tunnel, he said, &quot;I have no idea&quot;On the positive side- the location is great. It is walking distance to Central Park, 5th Ave and Times Square. The restaurant across the street, the Red Eagle is wonderful.I would NEVER stay here again.	
Jun 16 2008 	Absolute Garbish	If you like being told lies and treated like rubbish then this is the place for you ! If like any sane and normal person you dont, then give this place a miss.....even if there is a hooters bar over the road !! I have never been treated so badly in all my life than by this place. Keep your eyes peeled for Antonio Munoz (Assistant Front Desk Manager), he's the star performer in this shambolic performance. I can also back up what everybody else says about the elevators. I bet I'm not the only person on here to experience &quot;plumbing difficulties&quot;......Don't stay here or it'll tarnish your experience of this wonderful city.	
May 18 2008 	Manhattan Club was Good	It amazes me how the ratings for this resort vary. I stayed from May 3 to May 10, 2008. I think the rooms are great. I would rate this resort 3.5 stars. It could easily be 4 or 5 if they refurbished the rooms. Since TripAdvisor only has whole stars and I really enjoyed my stay, I gave it a 4. I got the room through RCI.The park is only 3 blocks away and Carnagie Hall is across the street. GREAT LOCATION! At W 57th and 7th Ave, you are in the middle of the hustle and bustle of New York.I had room 2219. It is a corner &quot;Executive Studio&quot; unit so I had 2 windows with a view of Central Park. Nice! My room was very funtional and a great place to relax after walking all day in the city. I don't understand folks that complain about noise in New York. That is part of the experience! If the windows are open, it is noisy. Cole Porter says it best:&quot;I happen to like New York, I happen to like this town. I like the city air, I like to drink of it, The more I know New York the more I think of it. I like the sight and the sound and even the stink of it. I happen to like New York.&quot;The rooms do need to be updated. While my room was very clean, the soft goods are showing wear and tear. Faded bed spread, spots on fabric chair/couch, wear and tear, etc. Just needs to be updated. The carpet looked new and the flat screen TV was nice.Air conditioning worked great. The small refirgerator worked but it was too cold. On the lowest setting, it would freeze my soft drinks. Had great cola slurpies. I let them know when I checked out.Elevator Issue RESOLVED: They completely replaced an entire elevator car. For half of my stay there was only one lobby elevator. They did allow you to use the freight elevator but I didn't like it. They opened up the new elevator so both elevators are in service. The new one is very nice. Yea!All of the major subway lines are very close. Very convenient for getting around the city. I recoomend buying a multi day subway pass. I bought a $25 7 days pass which was a really good value as I traveled all over the city.Tip: Get a &quot;City Pass&quot; if you plan to visit the museums and tourist attractions. It was great because you bypass many of the ticket purchase lines at the attractions. It also will save you a ton of money. I bought mine at the 3 hour around Manhattan Island Cirlcle Line cruise. Very interesting. Check it out at www.citypass.com.We saw Wicked and The Lion King. Great shows. These are still not available at TKTS (half price tickets) due to still being so popular.The hotel staff were helpful and courteous. They are New Yorkers however. I think some folks that review here don't understand New York culture. It is fast and succinct. This is not a slow paced Carribean resort.I would definately return to The Manhattan Club. If they refurbish the rooms I would even consider becoming an owner. Good times to be had at the Manhattan Club.Good Luck!	
May 13 2008 	Hated Manhattan Club!!	Only one elevator was running for guests. The back 2 service levators were opened for guests but we had to go up and down with the help, the garbage and the laundry. Long waits at the elevators. Very poor customer service. Bad management. Front Desk Staff very rude and not very helpful. Lots of banging outside the hotel windows. Would not buy timeshare here and would never stay here again! Beware!!	
Apr 20 2008	very disappointed in Manhattan Club	Have always heard great things and was very excited to stay there..Great location but ..BIG DISAPPOINTMENT. Stayed 2 nights...had a metro room...small, clean, nice but had frosted windows( claustraphobic) and air conditioning was NON EXSISTENT. Complaining did not bring any cold air...don't think they even addressed it. HOT STUFFY NIGHT...rooms have plastic dishes and cultery...what's the dishwasher for?? Show?? Only One elevator running and very LONG waits...seems like others had the same complaint in 2005 so that is no better 3 years later... Tried the stairs...stairwells were dirty and smelled....conceige was rude and front desk personal was very impersonable. The staff raved about the Club lounge. ... closed during our first try at 11;00 PM, open on second try at 4:00 PM, however we found no bartender, a tray of stale cookies, and nothing but water in plastic cups...not impressed. We were interested in buying atime share week but glad we stayed first because we would never buy now. Once they realized we were not interested...they seemed to no longer be interested in us!!	
Apr 20 2008	Very Good Value for the money and great location!......	We booked direct from the UK. After reading the reviews on here, we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived. Points to note: The Manhattan Club is a timeshare complex (NO sales pressure) and as such has very liitle in in the way of amenites. The concierge desk people are not particulary pleasant to talk to and give an impression of being unhelpful.The lifts are not all working, so be prepared to wait for typically up to 3-4 minutes. No real problem for us. The rooms are clean and comfortable (two bathrooms), but are beginning to look a littele-bit dated, The location is first-class, Times Square and Central Park, all easily within walking distance. Everything is almost on your doorstep and there's even an Irish Pub across the road which shows all the live premiership football (bliss). The rooms facing the front of the hotel can be a bit traffic noisy, but conversly the rooms at the side are next to buliding development works. This is definitely not the prettiest place to stay, but overall, you really would have to go some to beat it on value for money and location!! I am glad we picked this place to stay.	
Apr 12 2008 	Great location and room if you go at the right time of year	I own several timeshares and rented a one-bedroom suite with two bathrooms from an owner at Manhattan Club. RCI is the timeshare company for all suites except the penthouse suites, which is affiliated with Interval International timeshare management.This is a great property on West 56th and 7th Ave.-near Carnegie Hall, across from Redeye Grill. Easy walk to small grocery and Duane Reed pharmacy/sundry stores. I stayed here before in a studio suite, which is okay for a couple but crowded if you bring a grandchild. The one bedroom suite with 2 baths is large for NYC with nice kitchenette, dining table with 4 chairs. Plenty of dresser drawers and two closets. Best king sized bed I have ever had in a hotel,too. The sheets had several large tears in them but were soft.Only problems were:1. The elevators are very slow and crowded. Take your chance at the lobby elevator or the service elevator and hope for the best.When we were there, one of the lobby elevators was out of service for &quot;improvements&quot;. A staff member told us the improvements would make the elevator nicer but would have no affect on speed - too bad!2. Climate control can be a problem depending on time of year.We stayed in April and the rooms were VERY hot. You can open the windows but we had a room facing another building and ventilation was not great even when we had all four windows open. The temperature outside was between 48 and 62 F. We requested a fan but were told all of the fans were loaned out already for each day of our 3 night stay. We requested a fan twice a day for 3 days with no luck, although everyone was very polite. Why not put two fans in each room? It would have made our stay so much more comfortable. Management and the bell man told us they were not required to turn the air condioner on until late May. They said since this is a very old building there are only two pipes instead of four, which means they could turn on heat for the cooler months and A/C for the warmer months but never a choice of heat or A/C at all times. Everyone in the building was complaining of being too hot. We were considering purchasing a timeshare here, but the lack of individual climate control changed our minds. I would stay here only in December through March (good bet for the heater to be on) or June-August (good bet for the a/c to be on). The housekeeping was excellent, bathrooms were clean and of adequate size. Only complaint in bathroom is that there is a pedestal sink and absolutely no cabinet or stand to put toiletries. No hook on back of bathroom door to hold a hanging toiletry case either. Two nice terry robes were provided but only one hook in the small bath on the wall to hang one robe. The kitchenette had microwave,coffeemaker,small refrigerator, dishwasher, sink and small supply of dishes,bowls,plates and utencils.Maid service was provided daily (unusual for a timeshare) and soundproofing is good between rooms. If you close the windows, you hear minimal Manhattan street noise like horns and sirens. We ended up leaving all windows open to keep the room cooler. We were awakened by construction noise which we assumed were related to sandblasting since sand started coming through the opened windows on two mornings of our 3 night stay. We had to close the windows and leave until later in the day. There is a nice exercise room and business center, along with an owner's lounge on the 26th floor. Wireless internet was free and worked well in our suite.The &quot;Penthouse suites&quot; have access to owners or their guests by a key in the elevator on the 26th floor. I don't know if there are similar climate control problems but there are two terraces (north and south) with lovely views. Only problem is the very loud air handlers on the roof near both terraces that make conversation difficult due to noise. I would stay again but only during months when heat or A/C would be on.	
Mar 18 2008	Elevators are a HUGE problem.	We recently enjoyed a 3 night stay here.We had a 1 BR unit with a King bed, and the kids slept on a pullout in the living room. Both rooms were a really good size, especially for NYC, and there was lots of storage space. There were 2 full baths. One had a tub/shower combo, and the other had a large shower. Bath and Body works soaps/shampoos/lotions were included. The kitchenette area had a table and 4 chairs, microwave, frig., dishes, and dishwasher.There was also a coffeemaker and included coffeeWe enjoyed being able to have our coffee and breakfast in each morning.A major problem with this hotel/timeshare is the elevators. There are only 2 that serviced the timeshare apts., and 2 service elevators. Since 1 elevator was out of service,guests could use the service elevators, but it took FOREVER to get down from the 17th floor. We waited 40 minutes once, as every time one stopped, it was jammed full Finally we squeezed onto an elevator going up, and we stopped on each of the floors up until the 26th floor, and then on each floor on the way down.Everytime the door opened there were people hoping to get on, but there was no way. Everyone was complaining, and it was a huge problem! One couple squeezed their 2 kids on with us, and they walked down 17 flights to meet us at the bottom. Guess who got there 1st!Other than that, our stay was great..	
Mar 15 2008 	NYC at its best!	Just spent a week at the Manhattan Club...we completely enjoyed it (in spite of the negative reviews we had read, we were a little concerned, then were pleasantly surprised. The MC exceeded our expectations.) Great accommodations, close to everything (Broadway, Central Park, 5th Avenue, Times Square, restaurants) and we found the entire staff to be very polite and friendly! The elevators are under renovation (like many buildings in NYC, the building is very old, thus the elevators are being updated)....just be patient. When you visit, do ask the staff for restaurant recommendations to avoid potential tourist traps - and do expect to pay a little more - you are in Manhattan! To get half-priced broadway tickets, be sure to visit the TKTS booth in Times Square. To get around, buy a Metro Card and use the subway - very efficient and seemed safe. In fact, the city in general felt much safer than we expected.We are already looking forward to our next stay at The MC and highly recommend it to others. Can't imagine staying anywhere else in the city.	
Mar 10 2008 	Go to Howard Johnsons Instead!	Do yourself a favor....Stay at Howard Johnsons.It's nicer.Mediocre rooms, non-working elevators,phones and TV ,indifferent staff, poor views, no VCR or DVD player,no restaurant on premises. The list goes on.They made promises that they could not keep.I wanted to make my wife's 50th birthday special. This place ruined it. To top it off the double charged me for the valet parking when I was leaving! Don't believe that these pictures are views from the hotel! &amp;*&amp;^^*^%@@!!PS There are NO BATHTUBS in the rooms! Only showers!	
Feb 26 2008 	beware of the manhatan club	this is my 3 time staying at manhattan club the first one before the renovations which was unbelivabley dissapointing as i could not watch tv comforably in the room due the angle of the bed and the t.v. i stayed for a few days in january and the suites are designed nice and the engineer showed me how to operate the dvd player with the hi def tv. you had to ask for a dvd player why they are not standard in the room i dont know.i came back for a few more days as i had expiring points and the tv in one room did not work. my room was changed as i asked to have the dvd/vcr combo brought to my new room and i was told that it was not compatible with the t.v. but it was hooked up to the previous room tv which was defective . then i asked for a plain dvd player and i was told that no dvd players are compatible with the t.v. i told the engineer that i was here 2 weeks ago in the same room with a dvd player which worked and he told me no .the staff acts like you are disturbing them when you ask for something. the location of the building is the only positive thing here. the are so many hotels in n.y. where staff actually smiles when you come in and greets you. the light switches in my room were missing in most of the rooms so i had to leave the bathroom lights on otherwise there was no light in the room. ther is no bathroom bar for the tub and the whole bathroom is marble so it is dangeous for elderly people. this place is toutee as one of the most difficult timeshare exchanges there is so i expected much more from this place since it had been renovated.you also have to pay a per night housekeeping fee .personally i will stay at an affinia hotel next time.	
Feb 11 2008 	Wish I lived nearer!	Stayed here through RCI timeshare exchange for 7 nights in Sept 2007. Was a bit worried about mixed reviews of accommodation but all I can say is that it was fabulous.We had a 1 bed suite with 2 bathrooms, lounge area with kitchenette and separate bedroom with king size bed.Room was at rear of hotel so rather dark and no view but who goes to NY to look out of the window?Location on 56 St is amazing, so close to all attractions.Daily Maid service @$25 per night was well worth it.I would go back time and again if I didn't live so far awayKaren	
Feb 6 2008 	Great Place to Stay	Our family of 2 adults and 2 small children visited New York for the first time. We spent 7 nights in a 1 bedroom unit at this Timeshare/Hotel property. It was fantastic overall. By New York standards, the unit was very good size, including 2 full bathrooms, bedroom, a living room with eating area and a kitchenette, which ended up being our saving grace. There was a refrig., microwave, dishwasher, coffee pot and dishes. We were out walking and seeing from 8:00 am until 7:00 pm each day and it was wonderful to be able to pick up some fresh ready made food from the many markets/food bars in the neighborhood and go back to our room to eat, (instead of dragging 2 tired youngsters to a restaurant) relax, make some hot tea and really rejuvinate for the next day. The unit was clean, quiet and very comfortable. The front desk staff was not particularly friendly, but we had no specific issues with them. The Housekeeping and maintainance staff was great. (the guests in the unit next door left their bathtub running and it flooded our front hall closet).The best part about this property was its location. 2 blocks from the southern edge of Central Park - there was a subway station right downstairs - and only 15 min. walk to Broadway ! We loved this place and will definately be back to stay again.	
Feb 5 2008 	I love NYC	Having never been to NYC before I had no idea where we were staying but we could not have been in a better location.If you walk out the front door to your left is Broadway and to your right is Carnegie Hall, 2 Blocks and you are at Central Park. Times Square is nearby. There are subways close by to transfer you to downtown but we found we walked everywhere most of the time.We had a 1 bedroom unit with 1.7 bathrooms. This means the 2nd bathroom does not have a shower.We had 5 adults stay in the apartment. We had rung and requested a roll away prior to our arrival but it was not in the room when we arrived so my husband went down to the front desk and the roll away was delivered within minutes!Even with the rollaway we had plenty of space for all of us and our 10 bags!! (This was the last stop on a 6 week holiday.)The rooms were kept very clean when we were there but some of the plates in the cupboard were dirty when we arrived.The Club has a recently upgraded gym and the owners lounge looked extremely comfortable but we never spent time there.We did however spend time in the office with free internet access.Having this onsite was very helpful, instead of trying to find internet cafes , the right change etc at locations off site. We found this a very well equipped and high standard of accommodation. Though the lifts are annoyingWould definitely stay here again in the future.	
Jan 15 2008 	I love New Yorker	I am a timeshare owner at The Manhattan Club and, for the first time in ten years, broke my week into seven overnight stays. I went with my husband, daughters, girlfriends and each stay was more wonderful than the next.The staff may not be the friendliest , as other reviews have indicated ) but they do their job efficiently and courtiously and I never had a problem with any one of them. I really didn't care if the cleaners smiled at me or not. The elevators are a little slow, there are only two and a back elevator to the upper floors.The units were immaculate and had everything I needed. Very comfortable beds in the 1 bedroom units. Two great bathrooms.I spent 99.9% of my time enjoying the city, not sitting in the room but the little time I did was perfectly fine.The location is perfection. I highly recommend The Manhattan Club and look forward to another seven stays in 2008.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great for a busy weekend in NYC	I stayed in the Manhattan Club with 4 other girls while on a long weekend shopping in New York in December. I was very impressed with the apartment and with the location and would not hesitate to recommend it. We had a one bedroom apartment - with 2 bathrooms which was an unexpected bonus. The sofa bed was not great but most sofa beds are pretty poor - we were so tired after long days shopping we slept well anyway.I've seen a lot of complaints about the slow elevators. We used the service elevators near the reception desk during our stay - there was a sign beside the desk advising guests that there were additional elevators. It meant that sometimes we were sharing the elevator with the laundry or squeezing in with all the housekeeping staff  but nobody minded. We never saw any other guests using them  but you should! It saved lots of time.There is great diner nearby - we had dinner there and were very impressed by the food and service - Brooklyn Diner 212 West 57th Street (between Broadway and 7th Ave.)We go to New York every year shopping and will definitely be staying in the Manhattan Club again.	
Jan 2 2008 	Nice stay	Perfectly good. No complaints. Huge rooms.	
Dec 25 2007	Awesome Place	Awesome place. Great location. Fridge and microwave make it perfect. I love this place. Will be back again.	
Dec 24 2007 	Gorgeous Suite And No Car Needed	FANTASTIC LOCATION - multiple subway entries close and absolutely no need for a car. A few blocks from Central Park, across the street from Carnegie Hall and few blocks from the main shopping streets. The staff was really helpful and quick. The accommodations were spotlessly clean, spacious, and cleaned well daily. Only downside was waiting at times for the elevator, but the suite itself makes up for it. I will stay there again whenever I can book it.	
Nov 25 2007 	Thanksgiving in New York	My wife and I and our 3 children stayed for Thanksgiving week at the Manhattan club and had a great time. The midtown location is fabulous. Close to the subway, restaurants, Central Park, and Carnegie Hall. The room was clean, the beds were comfortable. The staff was competent. The price was very reasonable. The only negative is that the elevators are slow.	
Nov 23 2007 	Much better than most reviews.	I am compelled to write since there are many negative reviews of the Manhattan Club. I have stayed in at least 10 other hotels in NY and in my opinion this is one of the best. A family of four, we had a one bedroom suite with 1 3/4 baths. It had a nice size bedroom and the sitting area/kitchen was large enough to contain the open sleeper sofa and a twin air bed without any problems. The condition of the room was excellent, and we had no complaints about the cleanliness. Compared to most NY hotel rooms we have stayed, this is definitely one of the nicest and surely the largest.To address issues of other reviewers: We did not find the elevators particularly slow--only once did we feel the wait was greater than 3 to 4 minutes. The hotel invites patrons to use the service elevators and they can be quicker. The hotel has studios and one bedroom suites. The studios appear per other reviewers to be too small for 4 people. The one bedrooms are not and that may explain some of the poorer reviews. We did not find the staff to be unfriendly or rude. They did not try to be our friends, but they did their jobs adequately. The only negatives we encountered were the air conditioning system which was a bit weak, and difficulty accessing the wireless internet. The AC problem was solved in Nov. by opening the windows an inch. It took several phone calls to the front desk to get the long-on name to be able to access the free wireless internet; and the concierge had no idea how to get online.We would definitely return.	
Nov 16 2007 	Great location...but	After being contacted almost weekly for months by the marketing department we decided to give it a try. We arrived early and our bags were Totally unimpressed with the suites and the price. When we indicated that we were not interested we were asked &quot;why did you come&quot;? Well you called us weekly for months and you offered Broadway tickets plus some was our answer. Clearly the &quot;top seller&quot; was not happy with us. Was actually somewhat rude after learning our decision. Anyway the perks were great. Got to see Phantom of the Opera, Central Park and everything else within walking and subway(first time to NYC) The room was small and rather drab. The elevators were dreadfully slow. Would not recommend unless a fantastic deal can be obtained. Location is great.	
Nov 14 2007 	liked the manhattan	I stayed at the hotel last week with my wife and 2 teenagers,the location is great its a short walk to times square, its beside central park ,the hotel was clean enough,the staff were friendly ,the only problem was that we booked a quad room (the biggest available)which we presume would have consisted of a double bed an 2 singles beds,what we got was a double bed and a sofa bed shoehorned into 1 room which made it a very crowded few days! Its a nice hotel if you go without children,but be wary of the phonecalls home,we were charged 250 dollars for 8 short calls to ireland .	
Oct 31 2007 	Good location but....!	We recently stayed at the Manhattan Club Hotel. Dislikes:The reception staff were not overly friendly. A genuine smile would help!The room was not adequate for 4 people, as it had only one double bed &amp; one double sofa bed to accommodate us. The extractor fan in the bathroom was not working &amp; when we phoned reception, we were told the fan wasn't working. No suggestion given as to when or if it would be fixed.The elevators were very slow and too small.Likes:Good location. Short walk from Central Park &amp; excellent diners.Bellboys (except for one) and the concierge were very friendly &amp; helpful.One of the chambermaids we met was very friendly &amp; had a genuine pleasant smile.The kitchenette was a bonus, with cutlery &amp; plates etc supplied.The beds, while inadequate, were comfortable &amp; the kitchenette, &amp; bathroom were spotlessly clean. Loved New York. Will be back again but not to the Manhattan Club!	
Oct 29 2007 	Great Location not hotel	I stayed at the Manhattan Club for a Saturday night. I contacted the Manhattan Club in May regarding a June stay, but they did not have anything available. They contacted me back in August, saying that they had a special. It was one night, a condo presentation, a room at their hotel (not another one), and a gift of theater tickets or dining. I thought it would be pretty good, so we went for it, there was 3 of us. We arrived very early saturday morning, checkin was at 4:00, we arrived at 9:00. The lobby was not crowded, we gave the bellman our bags to hold, and we went to breakfast. At 2:00, we had a tour. On the 2nd floor, the lady gave us her speech, and we toured 2 rooms on the second floor. They were okay, but not what I expected from the Manhattan club. I did not care for them, nor the outrageous price they go for a week, so I did not buy it. They were very nice about it. I got 150 dollars in dining, a choice of 7 restaurants, and they were pretty good. Brooklyn dinner was great, and for dinner we had Bond 45, which was okay, but very pricey for the amount they give you. Room: The hotel room we had was on the 21st floor. It was a 1 bedroom suite if you can call it that. It had a small table, a pullout couch, 2 closets, 2 flatscreen tvs, and a bathroom. The decor and colors were drab. The bathroom was not nice. It was cracked tiles, dirty shower, peeling ceiling, smelly. The beds and pillows were very uncomfortable. Hotel: The hotel itself was okay. The lobby was very nice, but not as nice as some. It was small, the guest relations workers were rude, but the concierge was nice. The elevators were extremly slow. The morning we checked out, we waited 12 minutes on the 21 floor for the elevator. Location: W 56th Street was a great location. There were tons of restaurants by it, and it was right next to Broadway. Within walking distance to the world. 3 blocks to Central Park, which was very nice, great restaurants near include the Park Diner, Brooklyn Diner, Applejacks Diner, and many more. Broadway was to the left of the hotel. We walked Broadway to 40th and back to the hotel in the rain. It was so fun, great to see. There were tons of vendors on the street, and of course, the theaters and shops of broadway. I reccommend TKTS, the halfprice ticket place by the Marriott Marquis. They sell half price tickets to every show they have. We got the Phantom of the Opera. The line to wait was not long at all, under 5 minutes. Overall, I would not go back to the Manhattan club, especially for the price. There are plenty of hotels just as nice or nicer than it.	
Oct 29 2007 	Great Hotel Fab Location	I booked this as a treat for my daughters 13th Birthday and we had a great time. Room was spotlessly clean, good view outside and we had no trouble with the lifts!Staff I would say were polite but not as freindly as other people we met. Although when I had a problem (not to do with the hotel)the Manager was very efficient in sorting it out speedily for me.The location and standard of the room/suite means we would happily reccommend this hotel.One tip, book express passes for Empire State Buliding, well worth the extra cost, you get treated like royalty and we were up to the 86th floor within 5 minutes of entering the building, by passing massive queues.Fab delux deli around the corner and Central Park 5 minutes away, as is 5th Avenue.At the Rockerfeller Centre try the Rainbow Room for cocktails with its fab views. It is walking distance and well worth the mortgage busting cost!	
Oct 27 2007	Great value	Wife and I recently (Oct 2007) stayed at the MC. Great value during the week. Nice sized room with modern bath, flatscreen TV with lots of cable channels, 2 wardrobe closets. Great location, across from Carnegie Hall, a couple of blocks from Central Park South, walking distance to braodway theaters. great restaruant (Red Eye) across the street, Carnegie deli around the corner, 2 blocks from 5th Ave shopping. We'd stay again.	
Oct 18 2007	A great place	I have just stayed at this hotel, which is in an excellent location.I read a lot of bad reviews about it prior to going, but was more than pleasantly surprised at how nice it was. The room was well furnished, very clean and comfortable. Booked as a package &amp; not as a time share exchange, the check in took less than 5 minutes. I did note that there was chaos on a Sunday check in, which looked like they were all time share guests.I have to admit that the reception staff were not as friendly as in other hotels I have stayed in, but nor were they rude.I would most definitely stay there again.S.S.Toronto	
Oct 9 2007 	Good Location - Bad Hotel	Stayed at his hotel in September, had booked a one bedroom suit and was given a studio apartment, but as there was three adults and one being my stepson who is 19 it was abit embarrassing when getting ready, Location good but hats about it. Staff unfriendly and not helpful what so ever..Would not recommend this hotel to anyone, stay in a neighboring hotel around the same area..Rooms and windows could do with a good clean room smelt musty.Really enjoyed the holiday and weather was lovely, but would stay some where else next time.I hope these reviews are read so they can make it better.	
Oct 3 2007 	Not sure we would go back..	Although we arrived early (2:30) we were not allowed to check in. The front desk, although not all that busy, were not the friendliest sort.. We didn't get our room until 4:10pm. And I think that is because we wouldn't go away. Other guests that were owners, were equally annoyed. The bell staff at this time was attentive. We had a 'stand-alone&quot; room with a bar fridge and microwave. The room was on the 2nd floor, and although it was totally refurbished, we faced the inside with frosted windows, Could not see out, and had to phone the front dest to find out what the weather was like. The queen size bed was very comfortable, and the hide-a-bed was okay. But very difficult to move around when the sofa bed was pulled out, plus couldn't get into the fridge. On the day of departure, we had to leave early to catch a flight. We had asked for a bellman, but they never showed up. So we went down to get a luggage trolley and did it ourselves. Our car, that was waiting, charged us for the delay. I will say that the location is excellent, and we had no problems with the elevators.	
Sep 22 2007 	Comfortable well-located hotel in midtown Manhattan	The Manhattan Club was better than we had expected after reading TripAdvisor reviews. We stayed in one of their newly renovated Metropolitan Suites on the second floor. Though the room was small, everything was clean and new. A small kitchenette area with a microwave,sink and refrigerator was a plus. The bathroom was modern and a reasonable size. The bed was excellent. The elevators ARE slow, but not impossibly so. (We walked from the main floor using service stairs, but one of our party was on the 15th floor.)The staff at the front desk and concierge desk were consistently pleasant and helpful. Overall, given the extremely high prices of midtown hotels, this was a good choice.	
Sep 16 2007 	Wonderful Place To Stay	We just got back for a 4-day stay at the Manhattan Club. It was an ideal location, our junior suite was clean, nicely furnished and larger than most accommodations in NYC. The only negative comment we have is that they let no one check in before 4:00 P.M. Suddenly at 4:00 P.M., all the rooms were ready. We got caught in a terrible rain downpour and were soaked by the time we arrived at The Manhattan Club at 2:00 P.M. we kept checking to see if we could get into our room to change into dry clothes: however, that was not going to happen. We did not let this spoil our stay. The accommodations were excellent. I would not hesitate to stay there again.The SimmsVirginia	
Sep 11 2007 	Small But Comfortable	My son and I stayed at the MANHATTEN CLUB in early July and we had a very nice time, Rooms were a little on the small side if for four people (JR SUITE) But for us it was fine.They say FIRST IMPRESSIONS LAST and having worked in the industry myself and at the front desk, It was a disappointment to find that most of the REVIEWS I READ about this place before we arrived were true regarding the RECEPTIONIST STAFF. There were no smiles and even a little small talk can go along way to someone when they first arrive in a new place, I just couldn't believe how unfriendly they all seemed to be.Thankfully the rest of the staff made up for it. The BELLBOYS are very nice, I'm sorry now i didn't write down there names, but they're great. Tthe CHAMBERMAID was the CLUBS BIGGEST ASSET very nice and very friendly.I was always brought up to believe that a smile doesn't cost you a thing but a frown can cost you the earth. I'm afraid the reception staff in the place are costing it the world and if i were the boss here it would be the one thing i would SORT OUT, BIG TIME!!!!All that aside it is a great location, close to all the usual things to ee and do and we will go back.NEW YORK is a geat city and i'm glad to say I found it to be a very safe place to be.. Don't be afraid to do your own thing and if in any difficulty just ask one of the street vendors, They are very good and seem to know the city better than most. If in a hurry or only there for a couple of days get the day pass on the subway ($7.00 AND KIDS GO FREE) and get on and off all over the city as you please. Hope all who read this and go, have as nice a time AS MY SON AND I HAD.	
Aug 26 2007 	Great Short Getaway	As has been previously stated, The location is great.The employees were friendly and helpfulGood size unit i BR, with large BR, 1and 3/4 baths, modern and clean.Yes the elevator's were a little slow but not a big deal.Would go again.	
Aug 25 2007 	Great Location 	After researching other hotels in New York City, we opted for the Manhattan Club for seven nights through our time share as an extra vacation purchase. The value was similar to a normal hotel room and we had a 1 BR suite, which was perfect with our sons, ages 12 and 10. The 2 baths were wonderful, as was the kitchenette. The location was fabulous, within 3blks. of Columbus Circle (Central Park), half block from Carnegie Hall, and 10-12 blks. from Time Square. The concierge was always very helpful in directions to the correct subway station, two within 1-3 blocks from the hotel. The bellman was even relentless in getting us a taxi to the LaGuardia Marriott on Friday afternoon at 5pm rush-hour!! The maid service was spectacular, complete with Bath &amp; Body Works toiletries. This was our first trip to NYC, which was a little unnerving for small town mid-westerners, but we felt very welcome and New Yorkers were very friendly and helpful. We would highly recommend The Manhattan Club and NYC as a great family vacation destination.	
Aug 24 2007	Great location and excellent room	We stayed at the Manhattan Club for a week in August and found the place to be quite adequate in all departments. The location is excellent with quick access to the subways, Central Park is 3 blocks and many shows we were able to walk to. Restaurants near by.There were 2 teenagers and 2 adults and the 1 bedroom suite was ideal with 2 bathrooms. Would definately stay there again and or recommend to others.	
Aug 16 2007 	Very pleasant stay	We stayed for two nights on July 24th and 25th, 2007 and found this hotel to be very pleasant. It is in a great central location, being a few blocks walk to Times Square in one direction and a couple of blocks walk to Central Park in the other. The lobby was nice, with an inviting sitting area. The first room they gave us was very spacious and well-appointed, but it smelled of smoke despite being on a non-smoking floor. They quickly gave us another room (room 1425), which was a bit smaller, but still roomy enough for three adults and a baby in a bassinet. It had a king-size bed (very comfortable) and a pull-out couch. The bellman waited with us the whole time and was very friendly and talkative. There was not much of a view (we could see down to the corner where the Wellington Hotel and the Ben Ash Deli is), but we werent there for the view. The room was very clean and the bathroom pretty, with nice soaps, lotion, etc. from Bath and Body Works. The kitchen nook had a sink, fridge, microwave and coffee maker and was in a nice modern black. The A/C was powerful and much appreciated! We enjoyed our stay here very much.	
Aug 13 2007	Perfect Location 10th to 12th Aug	we decided to make this trip on impulse simply because we had extra points and believe it ,we found a 1 bedroom suite on line with 10 days notice this was a points exchange,we did not have to call anyone,very costly for 2 nights/ friday to sunday to say the least,but we had to take the opportunity,since it is said its virtualy impossible to get a reservation especially an exchange.checkin was a breeze maybe 3mins this was at 7.30pm we did valet parking did not use the car again until departure of which we called 10mins ahead at found it waiting for us,very nice. indeed checkout was a breeze too .one thing though it gets busy at the lobby ,but they have alternative checkout dropoff points,where you dont have to go to front desk unless you have to.renovations are going on in the front of the clubso there is scaffolding right now,if its anything like the future pics show its going to be beautiful1 bedroom suite is fair in size not your typical new resort size but fair size with 2 full bathrooms small kitchenette type place with fridge and microwave.there is a surprisingly small tv maybe15 inch in the living rm and bedroom,with cable service.flat screen lcd/plasma would be nice and definately create more space taken by the huge tv cabinets they say they are in the process of upgrading these really old tvswireless internet was not available in rooms for free ,but if needed you can use internet at the business ctr on the 26th floor,together with gym ,bars ,etclocation is unbeatable ,it is worth it for the location alone the suites are not out of this world but comfortable.we did not interact much with staff but the little we did was pleasant no problems like some reviews hereah !!! the elevators ,they are small ,we were in and out of the club alot but the elevators were fast.2 serving main lobby abd i think extra on the side ,service elevators i believe.for all intent and purposes we enjoyed our stay ,but the bills add up,parking ,room service,wireless internet	
Aug 10 2007 	An amazing experience!!!	So far in my traveling journeys, I have had very little bad experiences, and many, many great ones, &quot;The Manhattan Club&quot; being one of them.I was a little weary I must admit after reading quite a few reviews, but after my week stay there, I was quite impressed. So impressed, that I would definately love to come back to this hotel.After being greeted by the delightful hotel staff, we were blown away by our 1 bedroom suite with 2 spacious bathrooms, 2 plasma tv's, a nice size modern room (compared to New York standards), and a very comfortable king size bed.The greatest thing about this hotel is the location. You virtually are in the heart of everything, and if you want to go out further, just roll out of bed right into the subway. Thats how close you are.There is a ton of dining options around you. If you need help finding out a type of food, just check with the concierge, Furthermore, if you want to save a little on food, there is quite a few grocery stores in the area which would be perfect for your mini fridge in your room. Just a heads up, coffee in your rrom costs $2 per pack.. Just go to the grocery store, and buy your coffee, filters, etc. There is a coffee machine there for you use.Maid service is there daily for the mandatory $25 fee you pay per day, and it is worth it coming back to our freshly clean room.There is a business room on the 26th floor with over 6 computer terminals one of them being a a mac. There is also a nice size weight room with pretty modern machinery.I would definately come back here, and not only had an amazing time in New York, but was very impressed with everything as a whole.	
Aug 6 2007 	Location Is Key In NYC! Hotel undergoing renovations soon!	Location, location, location. You really cant find a better location than this one! The subway is just around the corner and you are in the heart of NYC. The lobby of the hotel appeared clean and welcoming. It was always nice to walk into the nice, air-conditioned lobby after walking around in the heat. The elevators were kind of slow, but not to the point where I threw a fit. There were 2 main elevators in the lobby and 2 service elevators. I also found out that the hotel next door had 2 elevators, but they only went to the 9th floor so you would have to take the stairs from there if you were on a higher floor. The stairs were connected to both hotels, so you could access your floor by using their elevators and then crossing over to the Manhattan Club side through the stairwell! The 1 bedroom, 2 bath units were small, but comfortable. It was nice to have the little mini-bar in the room to store leftovers and drinks in the fridge. I heard that the Manhattan Club was getting remodeled either this year or next year. I believe it is do for a remodel. There is not much storage in the room for your clothes and the TV in the living room is tiny (but who watches TV in NYC anyways!). They plan on replacing all the TVs with flat screens which should free up some space in the room. I thought the bathrooms could also use a little updating, but they werent bad as is. I loved the Bath and Body Works lotion, shampoo, and conditioner! We had house keeping service every day. They were very noisy in the morning when cleaning other rooms. They always let the doors slam shut when they went to get their cleaning supplies. So, if they happen to be in your hall, forget about sleeping in!I would recommend this hotel primarily for the location. We didnt spend much time in the hotel, but when we did, it was comfortable. I believe it will be really nice next year after all their renovations.	
Jul 23 2007	Great Location	We finally got a trade into the Manhattan Club. The location's great, a block from the subway station, right next to 7th ave and 2 blocks from Central Park. Like in the other reviews that I've read, the front desk people were not friendliest people. Not rude, but expressionless. It was a hit or miss with the elevators. Sometimes the elevator was there within a minute and other times it was so slow that we took the stairs. We were in room 1207 and there's not much of a view unless you like looking at the outside walls of the other units. We had a 1 bedroom suite. The bed was hard and the room was small compared to other timeshares that we stayed in. I was told that all rooms or hotel rooms in Manhattan were small and that this was quite large. We had 2 bathrooms and they were clean and with marbled counters and gold tone fixtures. I thought the room was dark too. The water pressure in the shower was good. There was a kitchenette and we kept sodas in the refrigerator. There were alot of police cars and police on horseback in the area. I felt it was very safe.	
Jul 20 2007 	What a wonderful holiday friom a british customer	We stayed here during june and july and can say was dubious following reading various reviews , however we loved it. The hotel staff yes were short with us however helpful to us , probably due to the nature of their job. I was waiting to book in and a &quot;american lady &quot;was complaining that her safe wasnt working and wanted IMMEDIATE action....... get a grip its a safe surely will wait 15 mins. The room was spacious and clean, yes following a comment the windows were slightly dirty however its Manhattan and 20 floors high cant be cleaned every day !!!!!!!The place was central for everything and we hardly were in the room so not as important as if it was in the middle of nowhere.The only people i saw complain were the americans maybe they have different standards to the british but i certainly wouldnt complain about ths place and the service.The lifts yes could be delayed however they were no way as bad as people state also no air con in the business centre however does it matter unless you want to spend all your holiday on the internet.The place was lovely and seem to be a victim of their own success and no doubt will get moans but doesnt everywhere. W have been all over the world as you can nick pick about everywhereThis is in the middle of mahattan what more could you ask for 2 streets from central park, broadway , 5 th Avenue and Time square and new yorkers are friendly no matter what people say you smile and talk to them they will be friendly back I would recommend going there and to the manhattan club we waited 9 months and it was well worth the wait.one thing i would say DONT BELIEVE EVERYTHING YOU READ , TAKE A RISK AND USUALLY PAYS OFF .	
Jul 14 2007 	Horrible timeshare/hotel (Manhattan Club)	I recently stayed here for 1 week + it was AWFUL!!!! DO NOT EVER GO HERE!! Every employee at the check-in desk + concierge desk was rude and obnoxious and had their hand out for a tip! There were many unhappy guests and owners (timeshare property) in the lobby who hated it + are making it known to management. But management doesn't seem to care! No air conditioning in the lobby or elevators or computer room-- what, are they that cheap?? The whole place needs a re-do, too. The windows were so filthy you couldn't even see outside. Many things were missing from the room at check-in. The bed was awful. The shower barely had any pressure. The only good thing about this place was the location, but it sure was not worth it to stay here. There are hundreds of other places to choose from, + believe me, myself + the many others I spoke with in the lobby will NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN. RCI (the timeshare owner) is being made aware of the very poor quality of the employees + the place itself. STAY AWAY FROM HERE!	
Jul 10 2007 	Smile ! It won't hurt!	We were in Manhattan for a week of site seeing. Check in was prompt, even though we were there 30 minutes before check in time. The bell hop was very helpful with getting our bags loaded onto the luggage cart and delivering them to our room. We had a one bedroom suite facing the street. It was very spacious with room enough for a blow up mattress in the living area. The bathrooms were clean and well stocked with Bath and Body Works products. The downside to this property is that there are 4 elevators and usually only 1 was working. There were times when we stood for 10 min waiting for the elevator on the 18th floor. Other than this we didn't encounter any problems until the morning of check out. We called for a bellhop or a luggage cart, and called for our car to be brought around from the parking garage. After waiting 15 minutes we hauled all of our luggage out to the elevator. After waiting forever for the elevator we finally made it downstairs to be greeted by one of the other guests loudly complaining that he couldn't get his car to the front of the building because ours had been sitting there for 10 min. If the hotel is short staffed they should say so, instead of saying they will send someone up with a luggage cart right away. Also, training on how to smile and be friendly to the guests might be in order. After we checked in the staff virtually ignored us. Other than these minor things, our stay was VERY comfortable!	
Jul 4 2007 	Old and Tired	My fiance, her mother, and I stayed here as a last minute trip to new york. The room was booked by the mother via her time share company. She always talked about how hard it was to get a room here and yada yada yada. Well we booked it and I actually looked forward to it. It seemed like a great location and if it is so hard to get a room it must be nice. Well we get there and the front is being rebuilt/refurbished. No biggie it seems like every building in New York has scaffolding in front of it. Inside I see people wating around the lobby and the bell hops running around. We walk up to the desk and ask about our reservations. They have no idea what we are talking about and give us a blank stare.....great. Well after making calls and talking to managers it gets straightened out and we find out the room will not be ready for hours and to leave a number and they will contact us while we walk around New York. After a few hours and no call we make our way back and find out we still have nothing. At this point we just hang in the lobby because we wanted to change our clothes, get refreshed, etc. After about another hour they finally show us to our room. The room used to have a balcony, but that door has since been screwed and siliconed shut. The balcony has been filled with rocks and now its looks like something you would like to go out on, but can't. I got the feeling like I was in a nice hotel, but 10-15 years late. Everything in the room was dated. The sink in the bathroom had spinder cracks in the finish and the gold touches had lost their luster. It was fun to just think back 15 years ago at how nice this place probably was. The location is great and is very central to a lot of fun activities. Overall the service was lack luster with the best service being the bellhop who did crazy whistles to get a taxi. This hotel reminds me of an old lady that you look at and know she used to be hot, but now she is just worn, torn and run down.	
Jul 4 2007 	not nearly as bad as some of the other reviews	After finding out that I would be staying at the Manhattan Club, I checked this site for the reviews...I was hesitant after most things I read...I basically thought we were going to be staying in a dump, but when we arrived I was pleasantly surprised...The lobby was very clean and the front desk staff were helpful...no rooms were available at the early hour, so we checked our bags with the bellmen...that staff was mostly helpful except for the older Asian man who continually complained about his back hurting...he also acted as if we were an inconvenience when we came back to get our bags...upon entering the room, it was very clean...I was really surprised to see a 32in flat screen mounted to the wall (reception of all local channels sucked, but there were a ton of cable channels that came in great)...the size was great for 2 adults...we had a &quot;jr suite&quot; with the one bed and couch that doubled as a bed...both of which were comfortable...the room even had a little kitchen area with a microwave, sink and dishwasher...plates and all utinsels were included...the in-room safe was in such a position that the door wouldn't open all the way, therefore making it impossible for me to store my laptop while exploring the city...the bathroom was a bit small...there was no counter space at all...I suppose they didn't consider that when people travel, we bring all of our crap and there was no place to put them in the bathroom as the sink was a stand-alone...the shower was decent size, however. Our room looked completely remodeled...there was even FREE WIRELESS INTERNET in the room, which was also a nice surprise...Housekeeping was a charge of $15 daily...they called just about every morning and woke us up to see if we wanted our room cleaned...and some days they called multiple times...that was really annoying, as we couldn't sleep in...The elevators weren't as slow as I was expecting, or as some of the reviews would suggest...there are really only 2 elevators to service the entire hotel...there are also 2 service elevators for guest use...that was a nice secret when the line in the lobby was long...it didn't seem like most people saw the sign for the additional elevators around the corner from the front desk...besides the housekeeping calling, our week long stay was a fine one...the room was great for the most part...I'd recommend it...	
Jun 13 2007 	This place is a scam!!	We have been owners at the Manhattan Club for about 7 years and have seen this place go SERIOUSLY downhill. Can't book a room for the rest of the year,even though it was in March when we tried....maintenance is non-existent although the fee continues to rise...the place is oversold and is looking seedy(where does the maintenance money go???).We bought because of the great location and convenience of always having a place to stay in the city.What good is it if I can't book accomodations that I pay maintenance and taxes for?The elevators have never improved although the management would like you to think they are improving THE MANHATTAN CLUB experience .Our last 4-5 visits have had multiple visits from their maintenace department for non-working items in the rooms....the tv's are museum pieces and the front desk acts as if you are bothering them if you have questions or problems with the room...STAY AWAY!!!!!!	
May 21 2007 	Excellent location	Stayed for a week in May 2007. The location is fantastic in the centre of Manhattan - superb for all major sites, a short stroll from5th Avenue, MOMA, central park and the main tourist sites. Apartment was spacious and I would recommend just on size and location alone.We did find it a bit noisy, but then New York is very noisy. We had a1 bed suite which had 2 bathrooms both with shower and marble fittings, separate bedroom with enormous bed and a small lounge with sofa and chair - both the lounge and bedroom had TVs. The decor is heavy (lots of brown) and we found it to be a dark unit (2118), however everything was in good order. Maid service was $25 per day and that included fresh sheets and towels, a thorough clean and replacement of used items such as shampoos coffee etc. Had a small kitchen with good size of fridge, microwave, dishwasher and coffee maker. Ideal for heating up microwave meals but not for full cooking.Size was fine for 2 adults, but would not recommend for 4 adults unless you were very close! Re the lifts then they are slow - howeverit is not a problem unless you make it one. Can also recmmend the breakfast in the members lounge - for $12 fresh fruit, yogurts, bagels, juice and pastries - as much as you can eat - also we took fruit for lunch and the odd toasted bagel and they even wrapped it for us! $12 might sound expensive but the quality is lovely and so isthe setting. Evening drinks are also served. There is also a businesscentre on the top floor with free access to the internet and printingwhich we found to be very useful. Re the front desk staff then they do what they are asked but no more - and we did find them a bit surly, but could just be New York!. One last tip - beware the concerige and town car transferes to the airport. Our taxi in from Newark cost $61 inc tips and tolls, we were told that the town car would be about the same. However once we were enroute the price changed and it ended up costing us $90 - all because the concerige told us it would be about the same price and we did not have to worryabout the meter! Next time I'll take a taxi.If you want to do a bit of self catering then I highly recommend the supermarket in the basement of the main shopping centre at columbus circle - 2 blocks away. All the usual stuff plus fantastic fresh fruits and salads and all manner of freshly cooked take out food, sushi bar, juices etc - and you can also eat in in a cafe style.	
Apr 19 2007 	Do Not Buy -- Huge Ripoff!	What a scam!I have been an owner for 10 years, and it has been a true shame to watch this once convenient property go sour. There are several reasons to stay away from this dump.(1) The maintenance is shoddy. The property is poorly maintained. Wallpaper is coming off the walls, the carpet is tearing and the furniture is old. The elevators are also hideously slow. (2) It is impossible to book a room less than 9 months out. I like to go to New York City on a whim. When the Manhattan Club brokers sold me 2 weeks, they promised that I would be able to. For the past 2 years, I have not been able to book a stay on either a weekend, or a weekday. It is a big disappointment.(3) The timeshares are oversold . A relative was sitting in his office this summer when he got a cold call from a Manhattan Club rep trying to sell him time. Additionally, every time we stay there, a rep calls the room trying to sell us another week. (4) $2,000/yr in condo fees and I can't even book a stay.(5) The staff is unhelpful and unfriendly. Sometimes there are even labor disputes. During one stay, a crowd of people were picketing outside. (6) In hindsight, I should not have bought a timeshare (waste of money, a scam, always more supply than demand) but when I did, the concept was so new for New York City, the sales people promised good things, and the property was nice. At this moment, though, the Manhattan Club is an utter joke. Buyer beware.	
Apr 19 2007 	Would reccomend this to anyone.	Dont believe all the bad reviews. We travelled from the UK and found the 1 bedroom suite to be exactly as picutred and descibed. Very clean prompt service and very friendly staff. The lifts could get slower in busy times but then it is a large block and there are other lifts away from the the main lobby. Daily maid service provided and we were not charged for this. We have 2 boys and although it states an extra roll down bed is $20 dollars a night again we were not charged. Could not fault the standards but would have liked a kettle for us british tea drinkers. The location is the finest, just off the noise but in the heart of manhattan easy reach of all areas on foot and a subway close by for longer journeys. Best breakfasts at the Park cafe just around the corner.	
Mar 10 2007 	Great location	We booked the Manhattan Club in May 2006 for our stay in March 2007 and it does seem to be quite sought after. The main reason is the location, right in the heart of Manhattan. We read some of the reviews and they did seem to be quite mixed. We found the reception desk staff to be friendly and helpful and the concierge desk was excellent. The lifts were a bit slow in the busiest times but that didn't seem to present much of a problem. We had a one bedroomed apartment on the 12th floor and it was spotlessly clean and nicely decorated. It could probably do with a bit of updating now but we had no complaints about the accommodation at all. We did however find it a bit strange that there was no kettle, only a coffee machine but we improvised with that! If you intend to self cater then the partial kitchen is quite limited but we didn't feel that this was of concern to us. The central location was fantastic and all the great sights of Manhattan were either within walking distance or reached via the nearby subway. There is a daily charge of $25 for maid service and this was well worth it. All in all a great place in a prime location.	
Feb 22 2007 	Enjoyed our stay.....	My husband and I spent a long weekend at the Manhattan Club along with our 2 children, ages 6 and 8. Overall, we thought it was a great place and would stay again.We had no issues with the front desk, although we only saw them once at check-in and no issues with the concierge, who we also visited once. Elevators were fine, doorman hailed us taxis, place was nice and clean, etc.My one negative comment is that the bed is SO hard it's like sleeping on a pile of bricks. I know that some people prefer hard mattresses but this was ridiculous. With all of the hotel chains putting in extra thought about luxurious bedding and beds, I think it's time for The Manhattan Club to jump in and join the bandwagon.We enjoyed the convenience of the location, which is truly outstanding as well as the spacious accomodation of the 1BR which includes 2 large marble bathrooms and a kitchenette. Can't beat the value in Manhattan!	
Feb 15 2007 	Great Location	We didn't orginally book this place, our first choice wasn't available so that's how we found The Manhattan Club Suites. The location of the Manhattan Suites is ideal for exploring the entire city as it is very close to the majority of metro lines. Our metro tickets were put to great use and found the metro to be quite safe. It was our main mode of transport as we had to squash in our sight seeing and shopping in 3 days. Central Park is only a 5 minute walk from the Suites, which was a treat. There are deli's, pizza places (quite rude but such tasty pizza slices), supermarket (a 5 minute walk away), bars, we could even walk to the theatre where we had booked tickets to see a musical - all in all we were very happy with our base.We found the reception staff to be quite rude and dismissive of their visitors - they made us feel very inferior - but we only dealt with them on a transactional basis. We asked the cleaning ladies and porters who were so much friendlier (and great at their job) for directions.We had informed the hotel that there were 4 of us staying in a room, and as the rooms had only one double bed that meant 2 had to sleep on a sofa bed. We were informed very rudely by reception that what we had was a room for 4 people and all the rooms were like that. But we used up all our energy during day so we just crashed there.I would not return as my friends and family have stayed in better accomodation for the same price range.	
Jan 2 2007	Good value...but	We've stayed here before and very much enjoy the size of the rooms, the location and the value. All of these things are unchanged from our last visit.The condition of the hotel does seem to have slid a little in the last year or so. It's not dirty or broken, just not all sparkle and flash. The maid staff is top-notch as is the bell staff. Friendly, fast, efficient -- really the best I've seen in years.The front desk staff and concierge are not helpful in any way. There is no longer a doorman to hail cabs for you, the concierge just tells you to walk around the corner to the Park Central. That will work, but it just seems a little rude.All in all, another great trip to the Manhattan Club. I might try a first class hotel next time, though.	
Nov 18 2006 	Penthouse pampering	Prime location central to the best of everything in Manhattan. The penthouse suites are quiet and spacious. The managers are attentive and the lounge is a great place for pre or post dinner cocktails. The only minor setback is that the elevators to the 26th floor can be slow.	
Nov 6 2006 	What a Bargain	This is time share complex is available for limited stays to tourists. Centrally located to subway near Carnegie Hall on 200 W. 56th St. Junior Suites very spacious and clean. Microwave and mini-refrigerator provided. Bell staff courteous. Very reasonable rates available on web site. If you agree to listen to optional time share presentation, your net cost for lodging will be a lot less!	
Oct 26 2006 	Frustratingly difficult to book a room	I am an owner of a one week timeshare and it is frustratingly difficult to book a room. You can book as much as 9 months in advance and you have to otherwise it is impossible to get a room. Typically the call center, for booking rooms, leaves you on hold for 15 minutes, Ive waited as long as 25 minutes, before a person answers. Although owner services represents there is a resale office there isnt. Owner services forwards you to a voicemail box that asks for you contract number name, phone number and email address then never gats back to you. Believe me you are on your own when trying to sell.	
Oct 16 2006	Wonderful place	Our travel agent found The Manhattan Club suites after her first choice of accomodation fell through. We absolutely loved it. The location was fantastic, the staff were very professional but also very friendly, (we found some of the 5 star places we stayed were so professional there was no friendliness left in them!!) and the room was so spacious. We very much appreciated having our own room &amp; tv separate from the kids.The concierge was so helpful. He helped us out with a number of things and all in all our first visit to New York City was one of the highlights of our holiday.	
Oct 7 2006 	Perfect base for girl's weekend	I stayed at the Manhattan Club with a group of four other girls earlier this year - we were looking for something cheap, but not nasty, as we are all a bit squeamish! We get what we wanted.We were a little nervous, as we had read mixed reviews, but first impressions were great. The reception staff were so friendly and we were all cheerful as we made our way to the room - coming from five girls who had been without hair straighteners and a shower for about ten hours, this was an achievement!We were very happy with the hotel standards - very clean, very well finished, not at all like some hotels I have used in NY, for the same price. Happily, we were on one of the top floors, so we had ZERO noise - again, a far cry from previous NY experiences. I think the higher floor apartments make a difference.A little disappointed with the sleeping arrangements - we had booked a room for 5 to share, and had one double bed, one double camp bed, and we took it in turns to sleep on the floor on top of the sofa cushions...However, we had a spacious bathroom, a nice living area with kitchen facilities and a dining area - and as we were out early in the mornings and back late at night (sometimes early the next morning!) it suited us fine :)Location is EXCELLENT - you are right in the heart of things, minutes walk away from Central Park , shopping, Carnegie Hall, etc. First timers be aware, you are in the tourist area so local delis are tourist rates, you get better rates if you eat on the way downtown, sometime a quarter of the price for a breakfast.Just remember - you're not in a hotel, so don't expect hotel service. I wouldn't buy one of these timeshares, but short-term rentals through the various online travel services are definitely worthwhile.	
Oct 6 2006 	Don't buy here!	The Manhattan Club is one of the biggest ripoffs in NYC for owners, although it might be a decent deal for renters. The rooms are relatively big compared to other NYC hotels, and the small kitcheonette is nice. Location is superb--a couple blocks from Central Park and Columbia Circle, right across from Carnegie Hall, easy walk to the theater district, subway stops nearby--but for owners, the club has been hideously oversold so that it take as much as six months advance booking to get a room--hardly the convenient pied a terre that we were sold on five years ago when we bought a unit. And to think they have the gall each time we are there to try and sell us a bigger unit or more weeks! The elevator situation is hideous and the &quot;club&quot; at the top of the building has been under reconstruction for so many years that I assume it will never again materialize. The business center is laughable; the gym isn't much better. No room service, of course, and charging extra for coffee on the second day seems to be the heighth of arrogance. But the worst, in my estimation, is that they continue to list rooms available on Expedia, Hotels, etc. on days when there are no rooms available to owners!	
Aug 22 2006 	Great weekend	Rented this timeshare for two days -August 18th and 19th, 2006. We arrived about 1pm and were allowed to check in even thou checkin was listed as 4pm. The suite was very nice -two bathrooms, plenty of towels. There was a guest lounge on the 26th floor that had coffee, tea, ice tea and cookies all day from 11am. There was a continental breakfast that looked quite good but we didn't want to spend $12.95 each. We walked around the corner and had breakfast for half that. The bar in the lounge opened at 4pm. Drinks were expensive. But they were expensive in most of the area restaurants and bars also. Central park is only a block and a half away. Strolled over to Tavern-On-The -Green and had a cocktail in the outdoor garden. Went to Patsys on 56th St for dinner. Very good and very expensive. But I figured if it was good enough for Rush Limbaugh it was good enough for me. He frequently dines there. Concierge at the hotel was very helpful in looking up a rooftop lounge I had heard about but didn't have the full name or address. All in all had a great time and enjoyed my stay.	
Aug 17 2006	Don't go	The place advertises as an &quot;all suite&quot; hotel. The advertisement is false. The first room was tiny single room with a pullman kitchen. It was literally the smallest room in a Manhattan Hotel I have ever seen. After complaints, we were moved to something bigger, but it was a smoking room which also wasn't a suite. The pictures on the net show palatial suites. If they exist, they must be just for time shares. The decor is cheap motel and so are the halls and public spaces. The bed was a very hard, uncomfortable queen. The t.v. was tiny. Only one elevator was working. Some desk staff were borderline surly. We heard others bitterly complaining at the desk so we weren't alone. There were two occasions when the front desk was empty and we had to wait to get the coffee that should have been left by the maid service. We could have stayed at our favorite very nice hotel for the same price, but decided to try this because we were staying for 3 nights and thought a &quot;suite&quot; would be a treat. Big mistake that will never happen again.	
Jul 12 2006	Can You Say YUCK?	Don't be fooled by the website. This place, albeit in a great location, was shoddy, run down and the staff was virtually non-existent. The only good thing was the bathrooms had been rehabbed; other than that, it was just another New York tired looking musty hotel. The pull out sofa mattress was thin, thin, thin. And, the kicker was none of the common areas were air-conditioned! No kidding. In July. Talk about a way to save money. The only reason I booked here was for tickets for a sold out show, but trust me, never again.	
Jul 7 2006	vastly overpriced if booked through RCI	My stay was a five night RCI getaway, which was a gift for my brother and family. They couldn't make it up from Atlanta. My previous stay was a bargain, as it was a studio booked through skyauction. The rate of three hundred plus per night for a one bedroom is at least thirty percent too much. I asked for a quiet room, as I'm a light sleeper. I was put on a high floor, but adjacent to the elevator utility room. I was moved to the fourteenth floor, but a suite with much traffic noise. Maybe it's me, but the studio I stayed in across the hall was quiet. One could do better on sidestep. It seems rates are cheaper if booked outside of RCI.	
Jun 29 2006 	I'm an owner.....	I have 7 days to stay every year. I bought in 2001. The problem is trying to get a rep on the phone. You will be waiting for 15 minutes or more everytime!! I just sent them an e -mail. It's a very nice accomodation and I stay in NYC regularly but the service is not the best and the front desk isn't the friendliest. The bellmen are wonderful!	
Jun 28 2006	Great fo our purposes	Went to the MC on an RCI timeshare exchange. Small room, but had everything we needed: bed, tv, microwave, refrig, shower &amp; bathrm. Only quibble: elevators were slow in coming at rush hrs; but we were never in a big hurry, so it didn't matter all that much. The best point, of course, is its location! Walking distance to so many things, incl. Times Sq. and pts in between and farther. If you're up to it, you could walk to the Met. We took a bus there, but walked back, about 30 short blocks. Since the Met is in Central Park, you could walk thru the park one or both ways. There are so many delis in the immediate area, many of which are half groceries, that eating is not a problem. There are a couple we'd avoid, but not sure whether we're supposed to name them. One big name one, because of the outrageous prices; the other, with a street # in its name, because it cheated us. But, they have nothing to do with the MC. The service personnel were good, esp. the housekeeping staff.	
Apr 25 2006	This one's a keeper!	As most reviewers state this timeshare is terrific in all aspects but three, possibly four. Forget about the business center if you're a businessman, in fact, forget about the business center even if you aren't. It is a joke! There is no room service. The elevators are amazingly slow. And the front desk staff are |New York City| bored with you as well as life in general. And above all do not go to the timeshare presentation but then only stupid people do. Otherwise run, don't walk to this facility, if you're lucky enough to get a reservation. We've been there twice and it is truly outstanding in almost everyway.	
Apr 10 2006	Outstanding facility in a great location; service could be improved	We rented a week in a Manhattan Club suite from a timeshare owner and had a very positive experience. It's a GREAT location on 56th between 7th Ave and Broadway -- walking distance to Carnegie Hall, 5th Ave shopping, Rockefeller Center, Times Square/ Broadway shows, Central Park, Columbus Circle/ Lincoln Center. Within a few blocks are lots of little neighborhood restaurants and takeout places, as well as the legendary Stage Deli and Carnegie Deli, plus a Duane Reade(huge drugstore)and a good wine &amp; liquor store. Bus and subway are within a couple blocks -- the Broadway bus takes you straight down to Ground Zero and you get to see a lot of different sections of the city along the way. (By all means get a weekly subway &amp; bus pass for $24 if you'll be in town for several days.) Taxis are easy to hail on 56th, 7th Ave, or Broadway.The 1-BR suite is huge by NYC standards. Very large private bedroom w/ king bed, desk, nice adjoining bath done in marble. The living room has a queen sofa bed plus a comfy chair. The dining area has a round table with four chairs. Mini-kitchen has sink, dishwasher, half-size frig, microwave, and china/utensils service for four -- even a decent wine opener. There's also a second full marble bath for whoever's sleeping on the living room couch. And two big white terry robes are hanging in the closet.There's also apparently a smaller &quot;executive studio&quot; suite with no door between the bedroom and living room, and no second bathroom. (Floor plans are available at the Manhattan Club site.)The website says there are VCRs, but our room didn't have one -- just two 25&quot; TVs. The &quot;business center&quot; is a joke -- four computers with Internet access, plus a single printer, but the security guard locks it at 11 p.m. (Hard to understand why, since a room key is required for entry.) If you bring your notebook computer, dial-up from your room is $6/hour for a local call. Also in the &quot;nickel-and-dime-you&quot; category is a $2 charge for a coffee packet after the first day. BYOC!No room service, of course, since it's not really a &quot;hotel.&quot; The lobby is tiny. There is a concierge desk that closes very early in the evening -- doesn't matter, they weren't very knowledgeable and didn't seem to know where to find the answers. Front desk staff is fine in person, but too eager to get off the phone when you call with a question.Housekeeping (daily service) was excellent! Very clean rooms and they even load and run the dishwasher for you. The biggest problem was slooooow elevators -- there are only two, and we sometimes waited 10 minutes for a car that wasn't already overcrowded.We would never *buy* a timeshare (immediately previous review says it all), but renting was definitely a good deal. We paid less for a spacious bedroom -- PLUS living room, dining area and mini-kitchen -- than we would have for just a bedroom in a mid-range hotel in an equally convenient location. (Since we rented directly from an owner, we did get a much better price than what I see on some of the hotel reservation sites.)We stayed a few years ago at a similar suites facility -- Phillips Club -- around 66th and Central Park West. Though that suite was perhaps even nicer than Manhattan Club, the location wasn't as convenient. Either choice is far better than just a hotel room. Having a separate living room and an efficiency kitchen makes a real difference when you're in New York for a week. Much more relaxing to flop on the couch after a day of walking, and the kitchen helps keep the food bill a little lower, even if you just keep breakfast food in the frig.	
Mar 14 2006	Disappointed	My wife and I have never been involved with a time share presentation before. The presentation was nice and the stay was very nice. Personally we felt there was not enough time to digest the large amount of information they supplied, but signed up based on the time and questions we did get answered. After returning home, we took a closer look and determined that it is not a great deal. In fact it is not really a deal at all. There are a lot of details you will not learn while you are there and most likely not find out before the 7 days cancellation time in up. There are too many to go into, but the biggest problem thus far has been canceling. We called and discussed the process with several people at the Club. We did as they said and have now received charges and NO call back from the club. Very frustrating. My advice. Take your time and get as much info as possible. Do not sign up because you think time is against you. It is not. If something seems too good. It probably is. We don't dislike the people there. In fact they were very kind, but they lose interest when you learn the facts.	
Mar 5 2006	NYC was a hit for first time visitors!	My husband and I just returned from from 6 fun-filled days in NYC. We stayed at The Manhattan Clubby Carnegie Hall. The location is in Midtown which we found extremely helpful. Times Square, 5th AvenueSt. Patrick's Cathedral and so much more was within walking distance. We found the people to be very friendly. We ate atlocally owned Delis and the food was great! The portions are big enough to share and the prices very reasonable. We had plans to visit two top rated restaurants during our stay, however after walking around the city in our jeans and boots (weather was below freezing every day) we really did not want to go back and change into proper dining attire. We took in two Broadway shows instead (Bought 50% off tickets at TKS)where we could wear jeans.We highly recommend the Dim Sum experience in Chinatown. We followed other readers comments on the Forum and ate at the Golden Unicorn. It was good and great fun. We also recommend the Foods of New YorkGreenwich Village Food Tasting and Cultural Tour. Itis a 3 hour tour full of interesting facts-only $38per person! It was a deal! Our tour guide was Bari--she was very informative!We also found out that New York has an up and coming wine region! Many do not know this (we did not) because up until 6 months ago it was illegal for New York to ship wines any wereelse in the US! We had a great time at Vintage NYWine Shop at 482 Broome Street in SOHO. David was our wine tour guide and he did a great job explaining the region and the grape difference!It was bitterly cold one day so we took refuge in the New York Metroploitan Library on 5th Avenue. We took the FREE tour and what a wealth of information!The tour lasted 1 1/2 hours and it took us into the Trustee room which is where the fireplace from themovie The day After Tomorrow was shot.We did take the subway to the business district andBattery Park. (R W Routes) It was not bad at all!We did take the A train to Greenwich and that was a bit scarier. Rougher looking people on the bus.For tickets we highly recommend TKS-we got tickets for Mama Mia &amp; Chicago. We were dissapointed to find that we could not go intothe NYSE. It is sealed tighter than a drum. We alsowanted to see the National Reserve Bank- we could have toured it but we had to call at least 2 weeks in advance.	
Feb 23 2006	A Great Time Share	We bought our time share at the MC eight years ago when MC would let you reserve one night at a time. The reservation policy still works for us, but we understand the option of a single (or two or three or four) night stay disappeared. This is a perfectly located place...two blocks from Central Park, across the street from Carnegie Hall and about four short blocks from Times Square. The front desk is lightly staffed, but that's not proven to be a problem. Cleaning service has always been prompt and effective. Elevator service can be problematic in the morning as can be shower temperatures between 8 and 9 AM. I don't think there's any meal room service, but I could be wrong. A one bedroom unit will accommodate four people who are reasonably flexible, and don't mind whatever inconvenience is associated with early risers in one room and late risers in a community roonm. The MC is a little chintzy on their coffee, so you might want to bring some small 2-4 c packets as a supplement. There are grocery stores, delis, liquor stores (and a McDonald's that delivers) within a couple of blocks. There's also a Hooters and an American Cafe for those so disposed.	
Jan 9 2006	Great hotel	We stayed 28th Dec to 2nd Jan. Had a great time there, staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are spacious and clean. Handy with a fridge and microwave. Great location we could watch Times square celebrations and Central park fireworks from right outside the hotel. No timeshare buying harrassments which was a big plus. Would stay there again next time.	
Oct 5 2005	I Love NY	Across from Carnegie Hall, a few blocks from Times Square-Location, Location, Location!! Near everything!! Concierge desk to help with all your desires. Accomodations-neat, clean, with everything you need, including an efficiency kitchen.	
Sep 14 2005 	Above First Class Community	The Manhattan Club is a perfect community of enjoying the luxury of New York City at it's best. When I take the time to enjoy My Manhattan Time Share it isabove first class accommadations.The Concierge Services are one of the best that I have encountered through my travels domestic and international.I am a millionaire at the Manhattan Club. The association is sincere in maintaining a top first class establishment through constant remodeling and updating building standards.Cheryl GrazianoOwner	
Aug 7 2005	great place will be back	Excellent place, rooms are clean and nice, staff is friendly and the location is safe and great. I felt safe walking around late at night.	
Jun 25 2005	Great location price and staff	I go to NYC every year for the Christmas Holiday. I have been going to the Manhattan Club and bought a &quot;Penthouse Suite&quot; after my 7th visit there. One bedroom suites accomodate 4 people easily and the kitchenette and dining room table allow me to make coffee and breakfast with food that buy at the local market a block away. My guests and I love the short walk to Times Square, the theater and Central Park. Once you learn more about the city you learn to eat where the locals eat for less and which activities they love to go to in the heart of the city. Remember that you are in the center of Manhattan and your average dinner in a restaurant will run $30-100 per person but there are less expensive options available, you just have to ask where they are. $5 to $7 pays for a Taxi ride to most locations like the Metropolitan Museum of Art at the Northern end of Central Park on 5th Ave. or to the Theater District on 42nd Street (13 blocks away at the South end of Times Square) otherwise you can take the subway for $2 each and the entrance is less than a block away. This Spring I stayed in the TimeSquare Marriott for $347 per night (a great hotel) because there was no room at the club where I can stay for for less than that per night using one of my FLOATING nights. If you are friendly and cordial to the staff, they are friendly and cordial just like any where else. I love being an owner of a Suite at The Manhattan Club and recommend it to anyone who likes to visit NYC several times a year. It is like old home week every time I visit as I renew aquaintences with staff members that I have come to know. I love New York and I love The Manhattan Club.	
Jun 24 2005	Great base for NYC weekend	The Manhattan Club is close to Times Square, subway station, Central Park. This is really a great place to stay for a weekend in NYC. The rooms were clean, staff friendly. One bedroom suite served well for three adults...one couple, and single friend stayed in living room area with rollaway. Much better than squeezing into overpriced small hotel room. We did not have problems with hot water, and many times, elevators were standing open in the lobby. I would like to clarify we stayed in the Manhattan Club rooms, not the Park Central hotel, which is connected via lobby walkway (owned by same corporation). There are separate elevators, check in facilities, conciere, exculsively for Manhattan Club. I believe MC members stay on floors 16-26. Reasons for not giving it an Excellent rating were that the upstairs club area is closed for renovation and the outside area can be quite noisy. I know...this is midtown NYC. Not a knock on the hotel, more of an observation of the area vs. UWS. Two great eateries within two blocks are Carnagies Deli (huge sandwiches) and Maison (24 hour outdoor upscale dining).	
Apr 19 2005	The Manhattan Club - A Well Kept Secret Gem	The Manhattan Club is a wonderful haven amidst the Golden Triangle section of Mid Town Manhattan.Just a short walk from Broadway, Columbus Circle, Central Park South, Times Square, Radio City and is directly across the street from Carnegie Hall.This in the only urban fractional ownership timeshare in New York City. I plan to own a unit before the end of the year, as the majority of owners do, that live 1 to 3 hours outside Gotham and are looking for a place to call home in the city on a very part time basis.	
Apr 13 2005	Rip Off!! Don't go!	We recently went for an overnight at the Manhattan club. We were quoted a price of $159 for the room, which inlcluded 2 play tickets, dinner or shopping spree and a $20 gift cert. at Mickey mantles. The requirement was going through the 90 minute timeshare presentation, which we were interested in. Well, we ended up being charged 179 plus tax for the room-my error--nothing anyone receives ever has te original quoted price for the room. You do get a call confirming the &quot;final&quot; plus tax figure, but they never tell you the room price. Also, if you don't purchase the timeshare the choices for plays are horrible. I didn't find out what dinner choices were. Also, the Mickey Mantles gift certificate has a minimum purchase of $50--for lunch. If you have two people and don't plan on drinking, then you probably won't be able to meet the minimum purchase.The owner of the Manhattan club also owns the hotel, so he is in a win-win situation. You get overcharged for a room, obviously ignored if you don't buy and when questioned they treat you professionally, but with a &quot;too bad&quot; attitude.I strongly recommend anyone to not fall prey to this. If you choose to try it, get everything in writing--including the original room price. Also, find out what your choices will be if you do and don't buy--you have a right to know. I was too trusting and naive not to get all this information and now I'm upset I didn't. The experience was absolutely terrible.	
Mar 3 2005	Cold showers bad stay	I too had a bad experience in February.......ice cold showers and elevators that were as slow as snails!	
Mar 2 2005	Poor mangament	I stayed at the Manhattan Club in February and found out this world class hotel to be a big dissapointment! Not only did I wait 20 minutes for elevators, but there was no hot water and a very rude front desk host.The room was loud from an adjoining utility room....what a waste! No satisfaction from upper management with my unpleasant stay. Please reconsider when booking or buying!!!!!!!	
Feb 20 2005	And they say New Yorkers aren't friendly	Once you are through the tubes, depending on the traffic the Manhatten club is only 10 min. away. Pull up to the valet parking and don't touch the car again until you sign out. Now thats the way to see NY. The hotel staff is extremely friendly beginning with the bellmen who meet you curbside to the check in personnel. They try to accomodate your every wish to include a larger room if it's available. The suite was quite spacious and included two rooms; a master BR w/king size bed, TV and as my wife said, a to die for bathroom w/tub. The entry fower, led into a living room w/a pull out queen size bed, a 2nd large bathroom, and small kitchenette. it also had a TV. More than enough room for 4 people. The amenities were what you would expect from a 4 star hotel. The location makes NY accessable by walking to the theater, dineing, or central park. A subway station is conviently located out the side door and gets you to anywhere you want to go on the island to include Brooklin. A definite value for the $ spent.	
Nov 23 2004	Great NY Style	LOCATION: FantasticBUILDING: very nice lobby and friendly staffROOM: we had one bedroom suite which is HIGE for NY standards. Bathroom had enough space to fit 10 people. Nice and clean rooms. Living area had small kitchen with micro, coffee maker,dishwasher and fridge. Dishes and glassware also provided. Free coffee, and pop corn provided daily. Plenty of towels and shampoo/soap.This is a FANTASTIC hotel to stay at...great location and the serivce is out of this world.	
Aug 17 2004	Further Review of the Manhattan Club	Further to my earlier review:Staff at the Manhattan Club were pleasent, polite and chattie. One Concierge - Mara - was extremley helpful and full of knowledge of the New York area. She booked our trips to the theatre, boat trip, helicopter trip and Niagara Falls trip. Nothing was too much trouble for her. Whenever she had time she asked how we were and were we able to find what we had asked directions for. The house keeping staff were curtious and friendly, and they did a great job everyday. The only problem was waiting for the lift - I think everyone felt the same, but apparently this is going to be sorted.	
May 9 2004	Great Timeshare	We have stayed at The Manhattan Club three separate times and enjoyed it very much. The room was nice and clean with a very comfortable bed. We especially enjoyed the 26th floor lounge. There was a smoker's room with very comfortble furniture. The elevator was fast considering the amount of floors in the building. It is in a great location, close to Time Square and Central Park. Would love to visit it again. One reason for not going there too often is the traffic getting there on Rte 95. and the expense of parking.	
Apr 29 2004	Highly Recommend The Manhattan Club		
Apr 2 2004	A lovely place with no soul		
Mar 9 2004	Don';t buy a limited timeshare		
Jan 20 2004	Last minute		
Dec 28 2003	NO room service is an important factor.		
Dec 27 2003	Manhattan Getaway		
Dec 15 2003	In the heart of NYC		
Dec 11 2003	Wonderful choice! :-)		
Aug 27 2003	Great Hotel		
Apr 9 2003	A lot of Class for a little Cash!		
Nov 23 2009 	da tenere in considerazione		
Nov 14 2009 	fue increible		
Sep 20 2009 	excelente		
Mar 5 2009 	avevo paura di cosa avrei trovato ma.................		
Oct 28 2008 	Non pagate anticipatamente		
Feb 11 2008 	buona posizione		
