	Great position and excellent rooms with a view	This was my third stay at the London in the past 12 months and it continues to be excellent.Book a &quot;Vista Suite&quot; and you will get a room with a separate, generously proportioned sitting area with a bay window and a big curved sofa where you can sit and read the New York Times over coffee and a spectacular view up Central Park (and both rivers if you are on a high enough floor). I really believe these rooms to be great value considering size/cost options of other mid town hotels of this standard. Located just a couple of blocks from the park, shopping on 5th avenue, Carnegie hall and only half a block from Moma, this is the ideal position for a long weekend in NYC. It feels like your very own private apartment. While some of the newer boutique (hip) hotels may eclipse the London for the &quot;cool factor&quot; , this hotel offers good looking, functional, immaculately clean rooms (that still smell brand new because they have never been smoked in) that are above all, quiet. I am getting too old to want to hear the thumping of a hotel bar at 3:00AM and the London is pleasantly peaceful. The restaurant food is good, especially the breakfast selection. The gym is very well equipped and there is free WiFi. The concierge department are very helpful but the doormen remain just a touch edgy. In all, you cannot go wrong with choosing the London.	
Nov 18 2009 	Best Sized Rooms in New York For the Money	Recently got married in NY and chose The London as our hotel after a recommendation. Lets just say the recommendation lived up to its promise. The rooms were really spacious with a standard room having its own seprate living room. Double head showers, massive beds with a very modern design. On an earlier trip to NY i had eaten at The London at Gordon Ramseys restaurant and that was nothing less than superb also. The bar is a little pricey but hey you get what you pay for, and here you get a lot. Get involved.	
Nov 18 2009 	Reception staff have very bad attitudes very unfriendly unhelpful	The reception staff at the hotel are very unfriendly, unhelpful and are not interested in you just your credit card, all they want to do is stand there looking pretty, and they think there so special and you are just a pain for being at the hotel.The rooms are great, although the mood lighting is just a strip of rope lights, nothing specie. The breakfast was a joke $35 for 1/2 mushroom, 1 strip of bacon, 1 sausage, 1 egg thats it.. not worth it.	
Nov 16 2009 	Very disappointing 2nd visit won't be going again...	We had booked a room for 3 adults sharing and were given a king size bed no rollaway. After discussion the rollaway was provided and the &quot;misunderstanding&quot; attributed to Travelocity inability. The room was smoking and smelt like it! The hotel staff said can't too many times and they didn't try in the way you come to expect from American hospitality. In the restaurant drinks were served in chipped glasses and residents bar closed at midnight - not great when you are in positive jet lag zone! I had been in before in April and recommended it to my friends as a treat and somewhere to meet up. I was disappointed how standards had fallen in such a short time. It is however a fabulous location to walk to all the main sights and attractions.	
Nov 6 2009 	Front desk staff have attitude!	Stayed for 4 nights in half term, staff stand offish , thought the hotel was overated.Great location and large rooms but dark and dingey spring to mind when you enter the hotel. Watch your credit card, they charged another room to our card and a week later we are still emailing to sort out the problem.	
Oct 29 2009 	THE BEST EXPERIENCE EVER....My new favorite hotel	It was love at first sight when I arrived with my best friend Norman, The hotel is exquisite, and surpassed all of my expectations. The suites are spacious and spotless, the service impeccable. The best part of our stay was absolutely the incredible staff at the London, who provided us with the kind of warmth and professionalism that seems to be absent from most other hotels. The concierge desk was our favorite place to be. Two gentlemen in particular, Richard and Tim, helped us with everything under the sun, and were by far the most lovely people to deal with. The London should seriously consider giving Richard an award for employee of the century. We adored the night managers, the hip and friendly doormen, and pretty much every single employee we came in contact with. I was looking for the general manager, to speak to him in person about this, but I will write him an email tomorrow. I got home tonight, and am already planning my next visit. I literally had an out of body ecstatic experience here. If you'd like, compare my recent review of the Cliffhouse Inn in Ventura California. It is a study in contrasts, the agaony versus the ecstacy.	
Oct 27 2009 	Loved it! Perfectly located!	My husband and I did extensive research on where to stay in NYC. This was our first trip since our children were born (5 years) that we were going to take alone. We knew we wanted a hotel near Times Square and one with large rooms. We thought, initially, that we wanted to be IN Times Square. However, after our initial research, we discovered a lot of the rooms closer to Times Square a VERY small (seems almost like an NYC standard). The rooms here are all-suite, large, and nicely decorated. The floors in the living area are parquet, which is nice (though the cooler the weather, the cooler the floor). The bathroom is GORGEOUS (we had a room with a dual-shower) and filled with everything you need: shampoo, conditioner, hairdryer, showercap, etc. The bedroom (we had a room with a king-size bed) was large (though a little dimly lighted) and had one of the most comfortable beds with the best sheets ever! We slept like champs all weekend long.I've read complaints about wardrobe space not being large enough, but we didn't have that problem at all. In fact, the two of us also went on a bit of a 5th-Avenue shopping spree and still had plenty of room to hang things.We ordered room service on our last night and ended up sharing just a sandwich. It was good (the steak sandwich with fries), but not exceptional, as the price would lead you to believe. The fries were just regular, old french fries. I was a little surprised. The service was great and the staff was attentive (we didn't need much assistance from them, thankfully. I don't like staff constantly nearby or in my room or knocking on my door, though. I'm not at the hotel to meet and talk with the staff, I'm there to rest my head. The less they are seen the better, I think).Overall, we had a wonderful stay. The hotel has free wireless Internet service; a minibar that's overpriced but has good stuff in it (aren't they all overpriced?); it was close enough to Times Square that we could walk to the theater yet far away enough that we couldn't hear the noise from it; we even walked back to our room from Central Park and 5th Ave shopping.	
Oct 19 2009 	Midtown Mid-market and Middling	Not a 5 star and unlikely to get there. Nice enough rooms - a little &quot;Wallpaper 2004 vintage stylistically&quot; - intermittent aircon, inadequate wardrobe/closet space for even 3 day trip. Fast elevators - good concierge - service otherwise haughty and for no reason (tip - go stay at the Four Seasons or Carlyle and see how they manage to be helpful and friendly).All in all - an over designed 4 star at junior 5 star prices	
Oct 19 2009 	Great!-Long Term Stay	Was very excited when the cast from Gossip Girl was there eating/at bar!Stayed here on while working for about two months in the city. The concierge was great always sent me o local places. As for people say that they were full of themselves maybe a little but Im from LA so Im use to that. The rooms were good sized, they knew i was satying with them for a while so they gave me a room with a terrace(dont think i was suppose to use it considering i had to climp ove the couch and threw a window but it was well worth it for the extra space. Only issue the room service was a little formal, well it is gordon ramsey and pricey. Other issue no closet just a coat device and two drawers.Normally stay at the regency lowes but i loved the change.Was very excited when the cast from Gossip Girl was there!	
Oct 17 2009 	Still good but no attention to detail.	Second visit to The London NYC* Staff is going through the motion. No smiles and no attention to detail.* Still love the spacious room.* Best location for midtown. Close enough and far enough from broadway* Add a comment to their facebook page and if they don't like it, they will remove it...* Just don't ask for anything and you will be OK.* Great gym.	
Oct 15 2009 	great rooms - fantastic location	Friendly, helpful and professional concierge and lots of them - but only one receptionist meant a queue to check in and a queue to check out, not what I expect of this class of hotel. The room was very large and stylish, room cleaning was excellent. Location is fantastic on 54th St. which is a quiet street next to Broadway which also has a handy Irish pub and a great cafe/diner for breakfast.We dined at Maze but it was a disappointment. I've experienced better menu's, better food and more knowledgeable staff in plenty of other restaurants. My ($50+ a bottle!!) of NZ wine was served too warm and then the waitress was reluctant to put an ice bucket next to our table - never worked out why though.In summary we'll definitely stay at The London again but won't bother with the restaurants.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful Hotel in Midtown	The hotel and staff was wonderful during our weekend stay in October. The rooms are spacious, clean, updated and hip. The concierge service was outstanding and very helpful in booking last minute dinner reservations. I would also recommend making reservations for high tea which is a little bit of London in NYC. We will definitely be back and recommend this hotel to our friends.	
Oct 6 2009	Great Hotel	The room was nice. Double headed shower-awesome. The famous Chef Ramsey has a restaurant inside which is also pretty cool	
Oct 5 2009 	THE LONDON SUCKS	They messed up our room reservation, gave me unwanted wake up calls at 3am, and charged me for minibar items i never got!! all with no apologies.... the people at the front desk are rude and inconsiderate!	
Oct 4 2009 	A top place	This is a special place, it was advertised in the Centurion magazine and had a few perks to attract new clientele.I was treated in the most polite and professional manner throughout the 5 days I spent here, the Front Desk Manager really went the extra mile to give me and the two friends I travelled with a wonderful experience. He locked off two of the end rooms so we had 2 suites to ourselves with interconnecting doors.You can complain about price but this is New York, there isn't really a massive difference for the area. One thing that always appeals to me is when guests dress up a little even for breakfast, that was the case over here - very classy.The breakfast buffet has all the things you would expect and there is a Ramsay restaurant I believe.The location is pretty dead on perfect, a few blocks up from Times Square, you don't get to see all the foot-traffic passing the hotel which is nice. You have the proximity to Central Park and the shopping on 5th Avenue, Hells Kitchen is just round the corner.When I went, there was a sudden snowstorm on the 1st of March - I will never forget the experience of NY with a carpet of fresh white snow - I wished the planes were grounded so I could stay another day....shame but a beautiful memory.Take a punt and go for this hotel - you will not be disappointed. Enjoy!	
Sep 30 2009 	Will Stay Here Again	I stayed here during the UN General Assembly week and it was the least expensive Amex Platinum property I could find. We were impressed with the rooms and the hotel in general. Great location. The staff at breakfast is not great and the food ok but since we had brkfst included we did not complain. Will check The London out when making future plans for NYC&gt;	
Sep 30 2009 	Great rooms great location.	Stayed here with my daughter for 7 nights. Rooms were huge by city standards, beautifully furnished and immaculate. Staff at check in were friendly and helpful as were all the staff we encountered during our stay. The location couldn't be better as everyone else has said, walk in minutes to Central Park, Times Square (though why you would I'm not sure) and between 6th and 7th Avenues so excellent for shopaholics.The Gordon Ramsay Restaurant provided a superb dining experience on our last night and the staff there were delightful.Would recommend The London unreservedly.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great Hotel but...	Let me start this by saying that we had a great time at this hotel. We have stayed here 6 or 7 times, and enjoyed each time. This was perhaps our best stay. But, when check out time came, the rates had been increased by a total of about $600 for 4 nights. I spoke with the assistant manager and she said that since I didnt have my confirmation email, there was &quot;nothing&quot; she could do (of course I know as does every one reading this that she could have &quot;discounted&quot; the rate if she would have wanted to.) Next time I will print and keep the confirmation email. Overall a great hotel but I would not have booked at this higher price.	
Sep 28 2009 	My new NYC favourite	Well, the usual disclaimer; over 150 nights in hotels across the globe a year, from the Holiday Inn Express to the Four Seasons. Member of every top tier hotel loyalty programme, noise phobic, hygiene obsessed and damn fussy.I get to NYC about 5-6 times a year for the past 15 years. I started at the Pierre, moved to the Plaza Athenee and then ten years ago discovered the Ritz Carlton at Central Park. In-between, I must have done every other 5-Star NYC hotel, including the St Regis, Peninsula, Mandarin Oriental and Trump. So, I know what I am talking about when it comes to NYC hotels.I tried to book the RC, but it was UN Week and they were full, so headed to the London, as it was recommended to me by an equally fussy traveller.Well, wow. I tried to find fault, tried to pick the place apart. I read every bad review on here so I could look for the bad things. But I didn’t find a single thing wrong. In fact, I am delighted to suggest that this may just be the finest hotel in NYC.Ok, so it’s not got that clubby Hamptons-Wall Street exclusivity of the Ritz or the Peninsula, and nor does it have the painful trendiness of Soho House or the Tribeca Grand. But it’s also a different planet from the pack and stack of the Hilton or Sheraton or even the Parker up the road.The location too is perfect. Central Park-5mins. Times Sq/Braodway-10mins. 5th Av-5mins. Downtown-20mins. My favourite Deli, the Carniege-2mins.The door staff are great, the Concierge full of self importance (but find me anything else in New York City), front desk very attentive and every one I came across was friendly and efficient.I set a few tests when I arrive; how quick do they come and pick up my shirts and press them when I arrive, how fast do they bring me my foam pillows, and is it clean under the bed. Well, record time to the first two and spotless to the last.I was on the 52nd floor facing over the park. If it wasn’t for the office block opposite it would be the best view in Manhattan-but I got up to the Washington Bridge on one side and the Triboro on the other, with a fair amount of the park below.The room/suite is fantastic. Larger than two RC’s rooms put together. I like contemporary, and these guys have nailed it. Simple, unpretentious and very functional.Great working desk, super large table, lovely rocking chair, loads of storage and a fantastic bed. This is seriously a great bed. The bathroom was nice, with a double shower-but I would have liked a bath.All the technology worked effortlessly and I loved the free internet for my two laptops.Most importantly for me was the noise. Not a sound from upstairs or next door, and once you shut the doors to the bedroom area, nothing too from the hallway. I have never slept in a more silent hotel room in the middle of the world’s noisiest city. Simply mind-blowing.I even phoned the manager when I was there to say what a great hotel the London is. I feel a slight betrayal to the RC, but sorry guys I am going to leave your chintzy exclusivity to the Hampton set , as I have a new home in New York.You would be insane to stay anywhere else.	
Sep 24 2009 	We'll be back- great value	This was a great value for a NYC luxury hotel. We normally stay at the Mandarin Oriental, but found the London NYC to be a great value at about half the price. The rooms at the London were much larger, two room suites in fact which is really a luxury compared to most hotel room sizes in the city. It was so nice to have a separate bedroom and sitting room. Maze is a great restaurant and there are plenty more within a couple of blocks. I would and will stay here again.	
Sep 20 2009 	The Best in NYC	Loved our stay at the London once again. We keep coming back to this hotel. Great service, big beautiful room &amp; bath, wonderful top notch restaurant, not in the chaos of Time Square or Central Park...but just a few blocks away, so great location! We would definately stay here again &amp; bring friends. Their 2bedroom suites are awesome for staying with another couple or with children also. You really need to give the London NYC a try...you will be so glad you did!	
Sep 16 2009 	My home from home in NYC	I have stayed in many of the top hotels in NYC and The London is by far and away my favourite. The rooms are huge with a reception area, living room, bedroom, closet area and a massive shower room. Rooms abound with stylish and convenient touches such as powered drapes, dimming lights, flat screen TV's, and complimentary internet. The furniture is very stylish but never at the expense of function. You have a choice of two showers and effective heating/cooling. Cleanliness is never a concern with crisp sheets and not a hint of dust anywhere. I have always had positive experiences with the staff and find the Hotel conveniently located for midtown. My only gripe is around the room service and minibar prices which are on the high side even for NY but hey, why are you ordering room service in NY!My colleagues often opt to stay at The W but in my opinion, the London is in a different league altogether delivering both style and substance and truly making its guests feel welcome.	
Sep 14 2009 	A great stay at the London	We stayed at the London for 3 nights during Labor day weekend to celebrate my little girl's birthday. The hotel was everything that I expected. We stayed on the 32nd floor in a London Suite. It was huge compared to other hotel rooms or residential apartments in Manhattan. We used to live in NYC so we really appreciated the size of the suite. It had a great living area where we hung out with the kids. We were able to put my son's roll away bed there. The bedroom had a great king size bed. The best part of the suite was the huge bathroom and double showers. The kids got a kick out of it. The rooms were super clean and very modern. It was not one of those typical stuffy, traditional rooms like other hotels in the area. We really liked the modern furniture and design. Everything looked new and clean which is key to a happy stay.Since we use to live in NYC, we didn't use much of the services at the hotel. I can't provide any input on the concierge service, room service etc. The location is super and close to many subways. We would come back and stay here again and recommend the hotel to our friends visiting NYC.	
Sep 14 2009 	Best. Hotel. Ever.	This hotel was fantastic. I've stayed in a lot of hotels and I can safely say that this was my favourite. Typically rooms in NYC are quite tiny. Shoebox tiny. Our room was a regular rate room and it was very spacious, with a small foyer, living room, separate bedroom and large, spa-like bathroom. The room was very clean, and the fact that the living room had hardwood flooring rather than carpeting made a huge difference. Carpeting grosses me out. The hotel is quite new and therefore very inexpensive, relative to other NYC hotels. Very chic...it's a boutique hotel with high style. The location is fantastic. Only about a 15 minute walk to all the action on Broadway. 5 minute walk to David Letterman's studio. It is an absolute no-brainer that this will be our new default hotel in NYC. I'm thrilled that we found it. If I had one complaint, it would be the astronomical prices in the Wolfgang Puck restaurant. My husband and I had a quick 5 minute breakfast (a bowl of berries each and some bread, etc. from the buffet) and it cost us USD$60. Next time we will take the 2 minute walk to Au Bon Pain.	
Sep 13 2009 	Amazing hotel in an amazing location!	We stayed at The London NYC for 5 nights and we think we made the absolute best choice of accommodation. We booked through expedia and got an excellent rate for such a fabulous property. The accommodation is all suites and the bedroom and living area are huge! Beautiful glass and tile bathrooms with double showers - some rooms had a single shower and a bathtub. The service was excellent - we had coffee to the room each morning and it arrived very quickly. We had a problem opening the minibar and they sent someone up to remedy it at once. The front desk and concierge staff were also most helpful. AND......the location - it couldn't be any better! We were 2 blocks from Central Park and right between 6th and 7th Ave so everything was on our doorstep. We walked to shopping, restaurants, theatre, Central Park and sightseeing, There were subway stops all around us depending where we wanted to go. I'd highly recommend this hotel!	
Sep 8 2009 	A pleasant surprise	We lucked out in choosing The London. Our room was comfortable, clean, and nicely appointed with modern furnishings. The location was unbeatable. The unexpected gifts for our birthdays was a special touch. The food at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant was delectable. The only thing that was not worth the money was room-service breakfast—way too expensive for what you get. Overall, I'd recommend this place to friends, family, and everyone else. Contact one of their customer service reps, Julie Andrews, before your stay and tell her anything you need. She's great!	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent upscale play to stay in the city	Rooms very modern and comfortable. Concierge helpful.Parking was the only negative.	
Sep 4 2009 	Spacious rooms Extraordinary service Nice decor	I chose the London for a personal trip in August based on reviews that stated the rooms were much larger and its midtown location. My husband and I arrived with a multitude of bags and the valet was very quick to get a bell cart, whisked it away and the next time we saw everything was in our room. Check in was quick and efficient, they noticed that I had made a request for a higher floor and honored it.The rooms are very spacious for a hotel at this price range. Most high end boutique hotels will have a well furnised but tiny room, here you had an entry way, a sitting area that could be closed off with frech doors, a small workspace next to the windows, a large king sized bed, a closet area and then a bath that was huge as well. I do want to note that the closet area was completely open, and only had the space for us to hang items from. I did miss having a chest or shelves to put away some of my smaller items. The room was the one that you saw right off the elevator, given its location, I did wonder if perhaps some of the other rooms might have had a different layout. The closet design was a small issue though, and I really appreciated having the space to spread out and almost feel like you are in a small apartment rather than a hotel room. The room also had large windows and you had a lot of light. It was furnished in shades of light blue and was very pleasant and had a boutique yet homey vibe. The bed was big, well made with comfortable linen.The bathroom had a great shower and lots of space to walk around, though like the closets I was perplexed by the lack of counterspace and hooks to hang towels, bathrobes from. Flat screen TVs in both the sitting and sleeping area as well as free Wifi made for convenient entertainment.Service was impeccable, friendly without being intrusive. The clientele seemed mostly European. The midtown location is convenient for fifth ave shopping, its close to the park etc.I did not get to sample wares at the famous Ramsey restaurant, though we did spend some time at the bar and had some really great cocktails. Both my husband and I commented that you felt like you were in London rather than in New York while inside the hotel!I used the fitness center for yoga one day, it was spacious with some good high end machines. Unfortunately my trip was cut short abruptly and I had to leave in a hurry. I called at about 10 am, to let them know that I would come after noon to check out. They were extremely gracious during checkout and in fact despite the fact that I packed up at about 2 pm, they did not charge me for an extra day. I had left some items with the concierge for pick up and we had a small issue as they were not able to locate it when I asked for it. However, they diligently followed up with me via e-mail, ensure that they found it and kept the package ready for pick up.In all, I do think the Hotel desrves its extreamely high ratings for service and spaciousneess. I like the room layouts a lot. Free wifi is very welcome. I did feel they could think a little more about storage re: closets and usage in the bathroom. But this was a minor want and the plusses far outweight the minuses at the hotel.I would definitly stay here again and would highly recommend it to families who will really appreciate the extra space. Its great value for money. The friendly and efficient service is a cherry on top!	
Sep 3 2009 	What a exceptional experience staying at the London	The suite they gave us at the London was beautiful, spacious and the service was outstanding.We dined at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant and the food and service was excellent we willmake it a point to stay at the London Hotel on our next visit to NYC	
Aug 31 2009 	very good hotel great location some areas need improvement	This hotel is really very suited for Business travellers. My brother in law travels to NYC alot and has started staying here. I was planning a trip to NYC wiyth my mother who has never been so decided to splash out a little. The feedback on the hotel was very good so after much deliberation i booked a room (suite).the plus points : GREAT location - located on 54th street - ideally located for all the best attractionsGREAT Breakfast - a very nice selection that should cater for most tastes. breakfast service is also very good and it takes place in the MAZE (a gordon ramsay restaurant)GREAT ROOMS. they are very clean, spacious for new york. I needed a room with two beds and i got this . Rooms are very well equiped both for comfort and technically for the business traveller. the bathrooms are huge also - although we did not need it - it had a combined his and her shower. lots of storage in the room. GREAT Concierge staff. JARED and Ritchie who assisted me a great deal are brilliant. They all are very helpful. only i had more dealings with Jared and Ritchie. The guys are very helpful and nothing is too much trouble. If you wanna get into a club or restaurant that is hard to get into - then these guys can work wonders. - the real deal on Conceirge !the BAR is a very nice to chill and have a drink. it certainly gets a certain standard of clientele.The GYM is excellent. its got the latest TECHNO GYM equipment. very spacious and very well equippednegative points1. no BBC world service on TV2. my check in was not great so i told the front office manager who assured me that he was going to have words. dont be served by Anna. Other wise they are very good and very helpful.3. the breakfast bill arrived too early on into my breakfast. other than that - the whole breakfast package was very good.other points : the hotel offers a complimentary car to take you 20 blocks . north or south of the hotel. that means up to 74th street and down as far as 34th street. I never got told this during the checkin process and the door men were telling me different stories regarding how far the car (which is used on a 1st come 1st served basis) could be taken, so after getting annoyed i told them to i wanted to go and they took me. did not like that . but iuf you stay here its worth noting....after all it all part of the package. Look out for the car with a number plate called GOLD 5 - this is the hotel comp car...Would i go back ? - only on Business. Its not suited to a family. if you need two beds in a room, this is a great hotel. the rooms as i mentioned are a great size having stayed in a few very nice hotels (*e.g. ROYALTON rooms are very small in comparison)it not suited to families in my opinion. the Hilton i think would be a better choice for the area. Because of the service i received i have given it 3 stars - otherwise it would have been 5.the important thing is that my mother enjoyed her stay and trip.best of luck !	
Aug 25 2009 	Perfect 25th Anniversary Stay	We just returned from a lovely stay in a Vista suite at the London. Upon entering our suite on the 38th floor, I saw 2 dozen roses. My husband had contacted the concierge to arrange for their delivery and was quite pleased with the quality and price. Both the living room and bedroom had views of Central Park. The room was scrupulously clean and was kept so throughout our stay. We loved the clean, modern, yet warm, decor. We had a memorable dinner at maze by Gordon Ramsay, as well as a delightful afternoon tea. The London Bar is a quiet refuge for an afternoon drink (delicious mojitos!) Food is expensive but of very high quality. For the rate we paid (from $339-389 per night) we feel that we received an excellent value.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great location great room and friendly staff.	We spent a weekend in New York with friends from Wisconsin. We picked the London because of a recommendation from friends and special summer rates. We were not disappointed. The staff was attentive and friendly - starting with the greeting from the doorman. The room was quite large by New York standards - we enjoyed our stay and look forward to returning to the London.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great Hotel	We were in New York for a wedding and some shopping. This hotel was ideally located, walking distance to most of the things that we wanted to do. At check-in we were given lots of choices and options for our room, and they accommodated our early check-in happily. Our room was spotless, large, and very comfortable. Throughout our stay we found the staff to be very helpful and pleasant. We will definitely stay here the next time we are in NYC.	
Aug 18 2009 	New York at her best!	My sister and I stayed at The London this past weekend on the recommendation of a friend who goes to NYC about every 2 months. He raved about The London and we were not disappointed. We are all about cleanliness and loved the wood floors and the immaculate comfortors on the beds. The staff made us feel like royalty. The only thing missing were 2 comfy chairs in front of the huge window overlooking the city (instead of the leather covered bench). We loved The London!	
Aug 17 2009 	Suite Luxury in Midtown Manhattan	Spent two nights at this all suite hotel as part of my round the world vacation. Was booked through the American Express Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts programme so some additional amenities are included in the rate. Check in was reasonably efficient and had been told I was now in a corner room....cool I thought. On arriving in the room it was clear it had corners but was not in fact on a corner! When I queried reception they claimed this was a corner room....they must have seen me coming! The actual room was fine and I was not planning to spend time gazing out the window so did not request a change.The room itself is tastefully decorated and had a nice bay window in the lounge room with a couch (which had footprints on it, I suggest housekeeping rather than design) and cool light fittings. The desk (with complimentary internet) was a good size although the chair was not all that comfortable. A nice big bed with great pillows was in the next room as well as a separate walk in robe. The bathroom was all marble/granite although my room had a shower only. Nice amenities and towels were also present.I had some trouble with the TV in the bedroom which did not work but this was rectified the next day. The room was certainly showing some dents and scratches even though it is relatviely new. It was also odd that there were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room - almost standard these days even in hotels with less stars than this one.Breakfast was included and served in the Gordon Ramsay Restaurant on the ground floor. A nice setting but the Continental Selection was a little meagre for the price (if I had to pay). For a little more you could also choose off the menu and the food was pretty good. I also took advantage of my other included &quot;amenity&quot; which was high tea in the same restaurant. A great selection of traditional English afternoon tea delights were served on a tiered tray with a range of teas.The staff in the restaurant were efficient if not that friendly.The location is excellent (on 54th between 6th and 7th) and you are certainly in walking distance to many places in the city. Overall it was a very comfortable and pleasant stay. I would certainly wish to stay there again.	
Aug 15 2009 	The best located hotel in New York	How I loved the London-- let me count the ways. This may well have been my favorite hotel in New York. Having a 500 square foot suite was wonderful. I had space to spread out, room to move about-- it was divine. The bed was fabulous, very comfortable at the end of a long day. I also thoroughly enjoyed the huge bathroom. There was enough room for two or three people in that shower! Being a woman traveler in my late twenties, I found the hotel to be the perfect combination of luxury, comfort and cool. When I went down for appetizers and drinks, Maze was a buzz of activity. Service was quick and efficient, the food was outstanding, and the drinks were tasty. I liked that the hotel always had a sense of life to it. I never saw the lobby empty, but nor did it feel crowded. It was the ideal mix of action and calm.Also, the location can't be beat. I've heard that the London is known as the best-located hotel in New York, and I can see why. You're minutes away from the theaters, Central Park, shopping, fabulous restaurants-- everything you could possibly want to do in Midtown is only five to ten minutes away!Absolutely loved it.	
Aug 13 2009 	Excellent Customer Service	I booked a reservation at this hotel and ended up finding a lower rate on another site. According to their best rate guarantee on their website, they would match the lower rate and deduct an additional 20% off. I called up the number listed and was unable to reach anyone so I called the hotel directly and at first they were not able to do anything for me. I finally reached a Front Desk Agent named Angel (aptly named) who personally took it upon himself to help me get the best rate deduction off my reservation. He went through a lot of red tape at the hotel and was very pleasant and helpful to me. He spoke with the management who were in charge of authorizing the discount and he put it through for me. I really appreciated his efforts and he get an A+++ for customer service!	
Aug 12 2009 	From a Native New Yorker - Best Hotel Experience in Years	Just returned from NYC for a family weekend. The hotel came recommended but exceeded our expectations. Plenty of staff - all so helpful and genuinely cared about our comfort. Rooms were very large and comfortable. Loved the double shower and comfy bed. Location was great - right near the subway, restaurants and midtown. I hope the prices don't go up too much- I can't wait to return.	
Aug 12 2009 	London NYC did not disappoint on our return visit	We stayed at The London NYC two years ago and returned again this weekend. We felt that the rooms were very well maintained. We love having a suite with so much space in a city where hotels rooms are often cramped. We were fortunate to get a weekend rate which we considered to be a true bargain. The front desk and the rest of the staff were very polite and efficient. (we did not use the concierge service.) The workout room was well-equipped and very attractive. And we love the location, walking to theater, shopping, and Central Park.Definitely our hotel of choice when we visit New York.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great Hotel and Great Value	Stayed here in Feb 2008. Had a 2 room suite. Very large and clean rooms. I only paid about $300/night for 3 nights. Great service, and great location. Will stay here again.	
Aug 10 2009	Wonderful Hotel	We stayed at The London NYC for 4 nights and had a brilliant experience.Our two bedroom/two bathroom suite was spacious and very well equiped.Having booked through 'What a hotel.com' we had continental breakfast thrown in and we had four lovely breakfasts in the bar area. The staff were extremely helpful and always greeted guests with a smile and a comment.We ate at Maze and the food and service were of the highest standard.There was a great 'buzzy' atmosphere in the restaurant.We would definitely stay there again and cannot recommend it highly enough.	
Aug 8 2009 	Like having a luxury apartment!	My husband and I traveled to NYC for our 10th anniversary and stayed at the London for 7 nights. It was a gorgeous room and perfect location in midtown, convenient to all parts of the city by walking, subway, bus, or car. We got a great deal by booking a package through AAA (who uses Travelocity). The suite was like having an apartment - a spacious living room with large flat screen TV connected by French doors to the large bedroom with a very comfortable bed and another mounted flat screen. The bathroom was like a spa and had a huge double shower, one side having a Rainmaker shower head that was a perfect end to a day trekking around the city. (Those who have been know you have to wash the city off at the end of the day!) The hotel concierge was extremely helpful all week. The hotel also has a complementary car that can give you a ride to locations between 30th and 70th streets when it is available. This was a pleasant surprise. We ride the subway when we go, and you can pick up all of the lines near the hotel. We would stay there again in a heartbeat and enthusiastically recommend it for all who visit the city!	
Aug 7 2009 	Fantastic	My new favorite hotel in NY. Service was outstanding (a rarity in NY). Room was tastefully decorated and spacious. Highly recommended.	
Aug 7 2009 	The best of the best	I stayed at the London Hotel and would rate this hotel the best I have ever stayed at.The warmth and attentiveness of the staff made me feel at home. They could have not been more acccomodating, especially the manager Elvi who went out of his way to make sure we had everything we needed!Everytime you walked in or out, every employee smiled, and asked if there was anything we needed.The rooms were spotless amd the comfort of the bed was better than mine at home.Lastly, the location is a throw to anything and everything.I am extremely fussy, so believe me, this hotel is rated as only the Best.This is the place to stay!	
Aug 4 2009 	Fabulous	We loved our stay @ the London. Our room was beautiful, clean and had a wonderful view. The beds and linens were high quality as well as comfortable. The hotel is in a great location. We had the most delicious dinners recommended by the conceirge. The staff couldn't have been any more professional and courteous. We are looking forward to our next visit!	
Aug 4 2009 	Absolutely amazing hotel- with some quirks!	My husband and I stayed at the London NYC for 3 nights over our 10th wedding anniversary. Lots of help with the booking and from the concierge on where to go when we got there. When we arrived after a long flight we were curtly told by the receptionist that our room wasn't ready. Disappointing reception to what was supposed to be a really special occasion. No help on what to do for 2 hours while they cleaned it. We came back 2 hours later and were met with a better reception - and shown around our room. the room was large and clean and beautifully decorated - really special. In the evening we opted to have dinner served to us in our room rather than eating in the restaurant. It was truly brilliant - fantastic service, food was out of this world. The next day the hotel sent a bottle of complimentary champagne to out room to wish us happy anniversary! During our stay a few things went wrong - one night we got locked in our bedroom - the catch locked shut and we were trapped. We phoned down and within 2 minutes an engineer was there breaking in from the other side. The next day the shower broke - again we phoned down and someone was up to fix it within 3 minutes. Fantastic service there, although the breakages were a shame! On our last night we ate in the bar and the food was a bit disappointing and the service was slow. All in all it was a brilliant place to stay - generally the service was very good - but I would recommend emailing them a few times before hand to book stuff so they know who you are when you arrive, especially if it's a special occasion. The rooms are large and views are fantastic. Modern contemporary feel. Nice pillows and comfy beds! The free Wi-Fi in the room also worked very well for Skyping home.	
Aug 1 2009 	Best Hotel In All NYC!!!	I have stayed in every hotel in New York and the London NYC is by far the best hotel!!! The staff is super friendly and beyond helpful. The rooms are amazing for the money - extremely large and always clean!	
Jul 31 2009 	Avoid this hotel	The service was truly awful. I was initially assigned a room for disabled persons without any notice. When I asked to switch rooms, I was given a smaller room 20 floors below, which smelled like mold because the minibar was filled with moldy food from the prior occupant.When I demanded a new room, the duty manager showed up at my door with a security guard and told me that I should leave the hotel if I was unhappy with my room and the failure by the front desk personnel to properly respond to my complaint. I contacted the general manager, but received no response.The hotel is poorly run and not well maintained. My room was dirty. The lobby is loud and crowded, without any seating, lines of guests waiting to check-in, and baggage carts all over the place. The elevator smelled like marijuana. This is not what I would describe as a luxury property. The staff and management needs training and adult supervision.I checked out early. Avoid this hotel.	
Jul 30 2009 	This hotel peaked a few years ago	I really like this hotel's location, the large reasonably priced suites and for the most part the staff are excellent, but the rooms in this hotel are starting to get worn. Mine was downright dirty, with several unclean surfaces (e.g. finger prints). The carpets were a bit frayed and the hardwood floors were scratched and scuffed. I wanted to work on my computer but found the tiny desk and chair with no back rather difficult for this purpose. The bar and restaurant are excellent but when it comes to room service, the portions can be small for the price charged. I used to recommend this hotel enthusiastically, but feel much more ambivalent now.	
Jul 30 2009 	Amazing!	This was my first visit to the London NYC after friends recommended we try it and we could not have been more impressed! From the moment we arrived, the courteous staff made us feel right at home. The rooms are beautiful, large and luxurious and not what we are used to when we stay in NYC. Let me make this clear this is a luxurious hotel with all suites and the staff could not be any friendlier and makes you feel like nothing is ever a bother. Had room service which was pricey but great food. The gym is one of the best hotel gyms with all the latest equipment and was never busy and very clean. We will be back.	
Jul 29 2009 	Simply the Best	Upon my arrival to the hotel I was greeted by the wonderful staff! The door man was very welcoming and made me feel as though he were a family friend. Coming through the rotating door I was whirled into a beautiful contemporary Lobby. It was grand in stature and more beautiful than I was expecting. The website pictures just don't do the beauty justice. After being all checked in we were greeted by Elvi, whose smile could melt an iceberg. He welcomed us to the hotel making me feel as though I were the most important person there.While our bags were being taken to our room we sat at the bar in Gordon Ramsay's Maze. The sleek new look really made one feel as though they had truly arrived. Elvi knowing that Gordon Ramsay was my favorite celeb chef (My Mother told him) was kind enough to take me on a tour of Gordon Ramsay's Kitchen. It was amazing! Although Chef Ramsay was not there is was still a really amazing experience. It was at that point that I was taken to the the Dinning area where Elvi was telling me that I would be dining that evening. This was a surprise my mother had planned for me. I was really looking forward to it. We finished up at the bar with our drinks and headed back to our room. It was Beautiful. The view was fantastic! The decor of the room was very modern, although I am not a huge fan of the modern look it really was beautiful. We had been in our room for about 10 min and we realized there was just something not right with the bathroom. We had called the front desk explaining that we were not pleased with it. Immediately the Hotel sent someone to take care of the issue. We were assigned another room and provided with a &quot;We're sorry&quot; gift. I was really pleased with how this was dealt with. There were no arguments or excuses, they just took care of it making sure that our stay was a pleasant one.That evening we went to Gordon Ramsay's restaurant for a fine dinning experience. The service was impeccable! The Wine specialist was very helpful and helped us select a wine that was perfect for our evening. The food was excellent, we had decided on the 7 course meal. Each course was more delectable than the next. Chef Ramsay may be a real hard head but his food is beyond imagination. The only thing that disappointed me about the meal was that they charge you $11 for a bottle of water. When you are spending that kind of money in a fine restaurant you would think that the water would be a little more reasonable. At the end of the meal they come around with a candy tray. All kinds of sweet indulgences. Be sure to take what you want from this one, my favorite was the sponge toffee.The Hotel is close to times square, making it easy to take a nice walk after a fabulous dinner. They are also within walking distance of central park for day time pleasures of a carriage ride or an escape with nature in the middle of NYC. The door men are always ready and waiting for you should you need to take a cab anywhere that my be a little too far to walk. The concierge was fantastic. We were wanting to go to Caroline's to see a comedian playing one evening. When we went online to find tickets the site said they were sold out. Well the hotel was sure to get us seats. It was a pleasurable evening. With the great location of the hotel my mother and I were able to walk back to the hotel feeling safe and secure.I just can't say enough about this hotel. I will definitely be back!! The staff are truly amazing and I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a relaxing, high class vacation in the heart of NYC. They make you feel as though you are the most important person in NYC.	
Jul 27 2009	be careful	In many ways this is a great hotel. BUT - I stayed here 3 or 4 times before I realised, its no coincidence that there is always an extra item slipped onto your bill, or an unexpected $170 taken from your credit card by the concierge after you've checked out.I'm happy to pay a transparent charge, and I realise that times are tough in the hotel industry, but I won't tolerate this kind of petty thieving.	
Jul 27 2009 	Are you striving for Mediocrity?	Absolutely beautiful Hotel! Ordered Breakfast in the room and it was wonderful! Breakfast cost $120, but hey, that's the way it is in a top notch hotel in NYC, right. So then we come back to the suite after shopping and the room is cleaned very nicely, except, our breakfast dishes, coffe cups, etc. are still right there on the table where we left them. I called the front desk and they suggested i put all the dishes, etc. in the hallway. i said Ok at first and then called back and asked if maybe they could send someone to get them. She thought that was a good idea and did just that.That evening the concierge suggested a restaurant on a barge in the East River. I called a car service that a friend had recommended to take us to dinner. The car service said that they had a contract with the hotel so i must go through the hotel. So i did. It cost $108 for the 15 minute ride to the Restaurant. That's fine, except when we got to this restaurant, there was literally trash blowing against the front door and the place was deserted. I called our car back 5 minutes after he left us and was told by the driver that i would have to call the hotel and pay them again if i wanted him to come get us and take us somewhere else. I got a cab instead who took us to a great place in Little Italy.I related these problems to the Concierge on duty when we returned. He said that he &quot;was sorry we had a bad experience&quot; and that he would &quot;take care of it&quot;. When checking out the young lady asked how was our stay and i said not too good. I then explained it to her and she said that she &quot;was sorry that i had a bad experience&quot;. If we had paid $99 a night, it wouldn't be a big deal, but at their prices they should do a better job of the small things. They certainly should have some procedures in place for a guest that is less than happy.	
Jul 27 2009 	Rapacious staff and management	The rooms are very nice - and particularly spacious for a nyc hotel. Beyond the rooms, the hotel doesn't have a great deal going for it.Some of the staff are pleasant, as other reviewers have mentioned, some of them are rather self-important - for example I was told by Vittorio the front-desk manager that we couldn't move a chair from a colleague's room to my room to hold a meeting because it would make it look untidy.Of course, New York is expensive, but there's a difference between transparent costs and bill-fiddling. Check your bills very carefully - wherever possible someone will have added an additional, spurious charge - whether bogus items on a dry-cleaning bill or an extra $170 on an un-itemised limo hire.	
Jul 25 2009 	Convenient location and nice Hotel	The London offered a lot for what we paid. We stayed for 4 nights in a Vista Suite with partial views of Central Park and the NY skyline. The room was a true suite with a living room, bedroom, and large bathroom with shower and separate tub. Very clean, contemporary, and inviting spaces. We were on the 47th floor and never had to wait for the elevators. Free internet connection, continental breakfast, local phone service, and late check out(4 PM) were included in our stay. The ample breakfast consisted of many types of breads, cheeses, fruit, cereal, juice, coffee etc and saved us some money every morning.The location was perfect for us---just blocks away from Central Park, Times Square, Theatres, Shopping, Columbus Circle, et al. Again, this saved us money for cab fare.A special thank you to Mannie(Concierge) who provided us with information and tidbits every morning with a smile and a very friendly demeanor.The London is not a 5 star Hotel, do not expect this and you will be very happy with your stay. I would label it a nice 4 star Hotel. The reasons are small and trivial but to some people they might matter: No offer to assist with luggage to the room upon arrival, waitress at breakfast constantly chewing gum while serving coffee, no one in the Hotel would remember your name or reason for stay, etc. These points do not matter to me, but I simply want to allow the reader to know the what to expect in case they were thinking 5 star service.Very happy with my stay!	
Jul 24 2009 	Excellent stay!	We would defifntely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting new york! The rooms were quiet, and clean. The staff went above and beyond to acommidate our needs. Jacob at the front desk was AMAZING! Way better than anything on times square	
Jul 23 2009 	it is very nice hotel	it is very nice hotel close to shopping areas in manhaten	
Jul 19 2009 	Pretty good location.	I work in public relations and needed a large space for meetings. I reserved the penthouse suite which almost looks like a glasshouse. It is a beautiful space but the decor needs updating. The fabrics were faded from the direct sunlight. The service was decent and the location was good. For the price, I believe there are nicer options in the city.	
Jul 18 2009 	Shame about the staff !!	I stayed here two weeks before Christmas while on a shopping trip to New York with a friend. We decided we were going to stay somewhere special and did a lot of research and picked The London. The hotel itself is lovely . Very elegant . The room is very spacious and has a seperate living area which is very handy to sort through your shopping . I can not complain about the actual hotel but its the staff that leave a bad taste. I have stayed in a few five star hotels over the years but these people give themselves airs and graces that they truly do not deserve. The concierge department is horrendous to say the least. We asked for two things and on both occassions we were disgusted by their service. The first thng was tickets to the broadway show Jersey Boys we had looked it up on the interent and had seen that there were tickets available prices ranging from $100 to $300. The concierge came back to us saying he could get tickets but he they would be $450 each . I understand they have to make money on the back of providing this service but honestly this was well out of order. The second thing was we asked for a town car to Jersey Gardens we had previously priced this at $100 each way they came backl looking for $300 each way.We were never made to feel welcome at this hotel. Obviously they were used to dealing with people where money is not an issue but having been to New York on many occassions previously we were not going to be taken for fools. Personally I found the hotel pretentious and without substance. I have booked a 4 night trip to New York shortly and I have decided to try The Palace Hotel so I will update when I get back !!!!	
Jul 13 2009 	Conveniently located and good service in general	Stayed here for 6 days in April for our honeymoon. Had booked this on the internet and the website's photos are as the rooms are. Great location as first time in NYC so would recommend this hotel for first-timers.Rooms were big and comfortable , as all rooms were 'suites', bedroom separated from the living room by double doors. Furniture is slightly worn, ie stains in carpet/sofa, but generally clean overall. Huge bath-tub and shower was refreshing.Food was amazing, buffet breakfast had incredible choice. Afternoon tea also served here and definitely worth a try, though doubt there'll be much room for an evening meal after it. Both in-hotel restaurants under Gordon Ramsay. Would thoroughly recommend Maze for dinner, tasty food for a tasty price, only wished we had enough time to return to sample the other items on the menu. Gordon Ramsay Restaurant for fine dining was just behind the double doors, tried the tasting menu, food was clean and delicious and service much more formal, compared to the jovial crowd outside. Still would have preferred a second night at Maze.Hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful and the only annoying incident would be the house-keeping service on our second day there, which was Easter Sunday. There was a new Archbishop in town but does that mean that the house-keeping was on holidays as well? We had come back from shopping in the afternoon and the room was still unmade. We contacted housekeeping and were informed that there would be someone on the way so we decided to head to the bar for a few drinks. Upon our return, still no sign of housekeeping and another call was made with the same reply. Still no sign by the time that we headed out to dinner and we mentioned this to the front desk staff on our way to dinner, who stated that they would pass the message on, but unfortunately not the case when we returned at 9.30pm. Finally, after another irate call to housekeeping, this proved successful. Check-out staff were kind enough to deduct the mini-bar charges for this inconvenience.	
Jul 11 2009 	Couldn't be more perfect!	I was quickly checked in when I arrived at the London - 3 minutes tops! My room was on the 28th Floor and as soon as I walked in - it was perfect! A BIG room - two rooms in fact, walk-in closet area and large bathroom with two showers.I also love that the internet is free (wireless too) and that there is a fabulous work out area. Plus, there is free bottles of water in the work out room.I also liked that no matter where or what I was doing - the hotel ALWAYS seemed centrally located - close to all of the subway stops.If I had to find a negative - which would be a struggle - it would be the restaurant - I only had drinks there and they were of course, overpriced. Plus, Chef Ramsey is rarely in the kitchen - what's the point?	
Jul 6 2009 	Perfection!	We stayed at the London NYC for 3 nights over the Fourth of July weekend. It was our first stay and the hotel. I found the LNYC online, and booked it because we needed a 2-br suite and they are hard to find. The price of the suites were reasonable compared to getting 2 rooms elsewhere. I haven't been to NY in 15 years so my memories were pretty vague. My expectations weren't high, actually, they were pretty low...however, I was WOWED by the hotel. Everything was perfect...it was immaculate, the suite was much more spacious than I imagined, every detail had been well thought out, the master bath was gorgeous, the decor was MUCH nicer than it appears on the web site. (I thought it looked a little seedy on the web site.) It was sooooooo quiet in the rooms. I loved never laying eyes on a cleaning cart in the hallways, or being disturbed in any way by the staff. The suite is laid out so that there is complete privacy in each room. The amenities were ample. And the location! So close to Central Park, Fifth Avenue shopping and the Broadway theaters. The crowds were enormous when we got out of the Broadway show, it was nice not having to hail a cab (we walked, and even in my HIGH HIGH heel shoes it was fine). We had a fabulous weekend - our 11 y/o and 14 y/o nieces were thrilled too! Oh, one thing - the concierge was snobby.	
Jul 2 2009 	A Suite Find	Now that we have finally stayed at the London NYC (after changing our plans on two previous occasions), we can say we’re glad we stayed there. The London NYC is a pleasant find in midtown Manhattan. We found a great rate on the hotel’s Web site which likely added to our positive feelings about our stay. Every room in the hotel is a suite with the distinctions being in number of bedrooms (one or two) and placement in the hotel and view from the windows. We had a regular one-bedroom suite and were impressed by the size of the room - it had a good amount of space, particularly for a New York hotel. The rooms are showing their age a bit with nicks and cuts and stains here and there, but they are still very nice. The room design verges toward trendy, so some room furniture is not as comfortable as it is stylish. That said, we loved the ability to close the doors to the bedroom at night - it made the room very quiet and peaceful, a good thing in New York City. The Waterworks-designed bathrooms make good use of a small space and the white tile adds a bright, clean touch. We wished there had been hooks for towels within reach of the shower, and we found the sliding bathroom door a bit problematic at times, but those were relatively minor quibbles. The beds are comfortable enough, and we enjoyed watching the wall-mounted flat screen TV. The iHome docking station for an iPod was also a nice touch. Service throughout the hotel was good, with the real standouts being the front desk and the bartenders (the former was very friendly and the latter made a great Mojito). We ate lunch in Maze, Gordon Ramsay’s cafe (Gordon Ramsay at the London is only open for dinner) and found the food tasty, but a little fussy. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at the London. It was not outstanding, but it was very good and we’ll likely stay there again on our next trip to New York.	
Jul 1 2009 	Jolly good hotel!	I arrived in New York off a flight from London. So, the London NYC seemed a perfect choice . . . and it was. Bell service was fast and friendly. The front desk quickly changed my Pounds to Dollars, with a smile (and not a terrible exchange rate).The rooms are large by world standards and enormous by New York standards. And, to my great surprise and delight, fast wireless internet is provided without an extra charge. How bloody civilised!	
Jul 1 2009 	Best Hotel "Room" in the World	I stayed at a London Suite:Highlights:-All the rooms in the hotel are suites, so they are incredibly spacious: the bed room, the living room, and a petite changing area-Automated curtains… awesome-Consistently clean-Pleasant staff (even though I had limited interaction with them)-Rihanna, Will I am, and some famous Brazilian soccer player were there as well (a bunch of paparazzi were always at the entrance)Cons:-Internet did not work (I didn't ask for assistance)-The use of the business center is not free-No complementary water	
Jun 30 2009 	Best hotel I have ever stayed in	I work in New York a few blocks away from The London, and for my girlfriend's birthday I surprised with a suite at the London after dinner. Set in a great tourist area of New York (an area I usually try to avoid), it is a short walk from 30 Rock, Central Park, Times Square, the MOMA, St. Pat's, and so many good restaurants. We simply got a London Suite, but asked for the highest floor possible, and the views were amazing. My girlfriend swears still that the bed was the most comfortable she ever slept on. The living room area was really cool, there were two swivel flat screen tv's so you can watch from anywhere in the suite. The bathroom was amazing; two showerheads and a very cool design. Honestly, I could gush about the suite for a long time. We ordered room service breakfast in bed and it was fanastastic.My only gripe about my stay is that I called twice to ask for champagne glasses for a bottle of champagne I had on ice waiting for us to return and they were never brought. But the rest of the stay was so absolutely amazing it didn't even put a slight damper on the trip. Living and working in NYC, I don't know the next time I would stay in a hotel here, but if I do it will without a doubt be this one. It's the definition of luxury. Without a doubt, the best hotel I have ever stayed in.	
Jun 30 2009 	Do Not Stay Here....Noise Noise Noise !!	I recently stayed here for a business trip and had a horrible experience. The doorman are constantly blowing their whistles outside the hotel and the street noise is over the top! The location is great, but the amount of noise is just too much!	
Jun 21 2009 	Birthday Weekend @ The London NYC	I love luxury, modern style hotels and the London NYC was the perfect mix of both. The location can't be beat, situated within walking distance to all the major tourist attractions, yet on a not so busy street. Check-in at the hotel was prompt. I had seen pictures of the hotel online, but the 'WOW' factor was not there until we actually entered the room. WOW! It wasn't just a room with a bed (We had a King)...it was a suite in Manhattan! The room was bigger than a few of my friend's apartments in the city! Immediately, walking into the room we saw a great window and below a stylish, yet not comfortable sofa. Loved the light blue/cream decor. The room was super clean and didn't have any weird smells....which I always fear when staying at hotels.Warning: Do no even open the minibar. You pay once you move somthing around and they automatically charge your credit card. Like I said, the location is great so several eateries and convience stores are only minutes away...so if you have the urge just take a walk for that chocolate bar.Next room was the bedroom..where we entered through mirrored french doors to a modern sleek bed (same as pic on website). It looked great..but it was a firm firm mattress..not my taste but ok for the night. To add more Wow...was the bathroom. SPECTACULAR. You have to see it for yourself. Two shower heads....ummm yeah. AWESOME.We didn't eat at Gordan Ramsey's spot or order room service, so I can't review those areas. But on a good note, we didn't get interrupted by housekeeping during our entire stay (or we just weren't in the room at the time). I loved this hotel.My bf and I are looking to reserve another weekend soon!	
Jun 20 2009 	Great stay. Wouldn't want to stay anywhere else.	I had a girls week with my 2 teenage daughters. We stayed in a Vista suite. It was on the 45th floor and we had a corner room. Very large. Plenty of room with a rollaway for the 3 of us. Large bathroom with a very large shower. Loved the convenience of walking around to Times Square and to Broadway. Did not eat at the restaurants but had room service one evening which was very good. No problem other than us ordering a car to pick us up at 4:15am and at 4:30 they figured out after calling the car was ordered for 4:15pm so we took a cab to the airport and ended up saving ourselves $110. No big deal really. My husband was glad after all we spent shopping. Would stay again for our next NYC trip.	
Jun 16 2009 	Huge rooms great location brilliant staff	We stayed in the London for 3 nights of a 6 night trip to NYC.Our only regret is that we didn't stay here for the whole trip!The rooms are huge - proper suites with large lounge areas and incredible bathrooms. The location is great - a few blocks from Central Park, Broadway and Times Square but on a quiet road - we weren't disturbed by noise (but we were on floor 26. Noise might be an issue on lower floors, but I can't really comment)There are lots of good delis and cafes a short walk away if you don't want breakfast in the hotel, and the concierge were more than happy to make recommendations.We didn't have breakfast in the hotel, but we did have lunch in the Maze restaruant and it was great value - $28 for 2 courses for excellent food in a great dining room.Compared to other hotels we've stayed in, this was really great. The staff were always very friendly and helpful, allowing us an early check-in and late check-out without any problems, and the rooms are spotlessly clean.The decor is modern without being too overdesigned and it definitely feels very high end.I'd be surprised if there is another hotel in NY which comes close to the London in terms of space and value for money. I'd stay there again without any hesitation.	
Jun 11 2009 	Not quite sure yet	If I had written my review the 1st time I stayed at the London NYC, it would have been glowing. However, during my 2nd trip - it was a very different experience. Room was dirty, ill stocked and service was slow. All wasn't horrible as there were somethings that were just as good as the 1st visit. It could have been bad week for them, so, that's why they doesn't get a low overall rating. I plan on trying it one more time before deciding to either up my score or lower it.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great hotel in a great location!	My girlfriend and I spent a long weekend in NYC and stayed at the London. Midtown is not my favorite neighborhood in NYC, but the location of this hotel was great for exploring the city. It was very quiet at night, we had no issues with noise. The room and hotel itself was very clean, hip, swanky, and we were very impressed. HUGE bathroom with double sinks, and a double shower even. Would definately stay here again!!	
Jun 2 2009 	Perfect from beginning to end ...	Being a frequent traveler to NYC I was extremely pleased to find the London NYC. I based my decision to stay at the London on the reviews I found online. Before I arrived I had the pleasure of speaking to Dominique, the general manager to ask a few questions. He was most accommodating, answered my questions and even recommended a fantastic &quot;secret&quot; NYC restaurant. I also had the pleasure of corresponding with Jared, the concierge prior to my arrival to help with some special arrangements. I booked a suite for myself and my son and his wife and the suites were spectacular. Large, clean, modern, perfect ! While I enjoy the Mandarin and the Four Seasons, I will be making The London NYC my new hotel of choice in NYC. The exceptional service from the general manager and everyone down the line was stellar !!! These folks have the right idea, they know how to treat people and establish life long relationships … Being from the south, I appreciate good service and the London NYC was absolutely exceptional.	
Jun 1 2009 	Outstanding!!	An outstanding hotel in the heart of the city. Staff are fantasic service is second to none. Elvi Guzman (front desk mgr) is the best I have encountered, He goes far above and beyond to make you feel like you are the most important guest in the city. He remebers you by name and what you preferences are (we went there three times) I will return to the London on all my trips to NY, the number one reason being the staff and the attention to detail from Mr Guzman. Thank you for a fantastic last weekend in the city.Hope to see you again soon	
May 26 2009 	Even better the second time...!	I guess the title says it all.. It was our second stay at the London NYC and this experience was even better than the first one.This time, we had a Vista Suite on the 41st floor with an incredible view over the City and Central Park. It is worth noticing that you can ask for the Vista suites (located on the upper floors of the hotel) when you make your reservation. As usual the room was spacious, comfortable, impeccable and decorated in this unique style I love. Service was professional, classy and even friendly. What more can I say? There is no question this is one of the very best hotels in NYC, if not THE best hotel in town right now. Don't miss out !	
May 23 2009 	Just perfect!	My husband and I spent 4 lovely nights at the London Hotel and it met our expectations in every way: great location, helpful staff, quiet, large &amp; clean rooms,comfortable bed &amp; robes, etc.I would have liked an in-room coffee maker but housekeeping was kind enough to leave cups &amp; condiments when we brought in a small espresso machine. We will definitely stay here again!	
May 22 2009 	Beautiful Large Rooms and Great Location...	i frequent NYC a few times a year on business and THE LONDON NYC is fantastic....the rooms are HUGE compared to most manhattan hotels and having gordon ramsey in house is certainly a great bonus.while the poor lighting has always been an issue, the service - especially rich the concierge - was excellent. richard was extremely helpful with some pretty radical, last minute requests for my customers after my assistant dropped the ball.highly recommend the london NYC and thanks again to rich the concierge for helping me out on such short notice....you hooked me up huge and saved my butt.	
May 21 2009 	oasis of comfort and quiet in a crazy city.....	we found this hotel thanks to tripadvisor reviews. the room was fantastic, roomy and had a rollaway for our daughter, 2 tvs! love that! the rooms service was , hmm, slow, and the food was so greasy, and despite saying that if you wanted 'anything',they could not give mash instead of fries..at those prices, forget it. it is a great midtown location, everything worked perfectly, our room was serviced promptly, we had a view over central park and could see the new year crowds and fireworks from the cosy seclusion of a warm and luxurious room. oh, and the bed was heavenly, mmm.	
May 18 2009 	Hotel Le Posh!	Stayed at the London for a weekend in NY in April. Oh the luxury - fantastic hotel and exceptionally clean. Housekeeping twice a day! Room very spacious (we had a suite), bathroom massive (by new york standards) with 2 showers! Location was great, beside good restaurants, nightlife and cultural attractions. If you want luxury, look no further!	
May 17 2009 	Fantastic	My wife have just returned from 8 nights at The London. Everything positive written about this hotel on trip Advisor is correct. Beautifully designed rooms - with ample space; excellent service from the amazing concierge service (Thanks to Manny &amp; Barry); housekeeping who visit at least twice a day (if you want them to); the reasonably quiet yet central location and of course the privilege of having two Gordon Ramsay Restaurants in the hotel.Best shower in any hotel I have ever stayed at and probably the best bed.I was quite amazed at the efficiency of everything. Literally, from not having to wait for more than a minute for an elevator to the speed of room service.The only negative which has been commented on already, was the relatively high price of some of the items on the in-room dining menu and of course if you are going to eat at Gordon Ramsay at The London (it was excellent) ensure your credit card is clear.We ate at some amazing restaurants in the city. If you can get a reservation do not miss Blue Hill nor for that matter Lupa.Overall - it was an excellent experience and we would stay again.	
May 15 2009 	Worth the cost!!	One of the best hotel experiences I ever had. We had the two-room suite plan on the 43 floor. Incredible view of CP and Hudson, Time Warner Ctr, side of Carnegie Hall. Room was very nicely appointed, bed incredible, plenty of room, flat screen TVs in both rooms, impeccable service at every turn. Location that can't be beat. And the food... even the &quot;bar food&quot; was superior to many, many restaurants' main menu offerings. Great place overall.	
May 13 2009 	Couldn't have picked better myself	My boyfriend took me here on 18 March 09 as a surprise trip to propose. He had been in touch with staff at the hotel to tell them his plans (although I knew nothing about it) and they had organised everything perfectly. We had a suite on the 48th floor with amazing views of Central Park and they left us a bottle of champagne for our arrival. The room was fabulous and the staff were all fantastic and a great help when it came to booking tickets for events. The hotel is easy walking distance to Times Square and near the subway if you are going further afield. We dined at the Gordon Ramsay restaurant within the hotel the night we got engaged and it didn't fail to deliver on taste, quality or service. I'm excited all over again just writing this and we will definitely be back.	
May 10 2009 	Everything ok EXCEPT Those Doorman Police Whistles	Make sure your room does not face the street. All night long the doormen blast on police whistles looking for taxis	
Apr 27 2009 	Excellent Room Location and Service	My girlfriend and I stayed April 17-22 for seven nights, both business and vacation.The room was spacious with a bay window sitting area, very comfortable bed, and large bath with cool shower area. We enjoyed the room on several rainy days. The view was looking north from the 27th floor and excellent.The staff was courteous, friendly and responsive. Of particular note to me was the house cleaning staff. They worked around my schedule and did an excellent job making me feel as if I was the only guest.Did not eat there, but heard good things. Had a couple drinks in the bar which was comfortable and classy.The location is what originally drew me to the hotel. A quick morning walk to the park, around the corner to my favorite Irish Pub, or down the street to Broadway.Overall, the room, and overall experience, was well worth the price.We will return.	
Apr 24 2009 	Fabulous NYC hotel spacious gracious modern hip a great value -- it doesn't get better than the London NYC	My husband and I just returned from 21 days and nights staying at the London, NYC. What a GREAT hotel! We love 5-star hotel treatment and accommodations (our previous NYC stays have been at the Plaza, the Carlyle, and the Four Seasons) and this is what we got at the London, but with much more space and for a much lower price. What makes the London so great? First, the accommodations; most of the rooms are suites, with living spaces and bedrooms overlooking great views in the city. Our room, on the 37th floor, had a bedroom and a separate living room, both with plasma TVs and fabulous room-size views looking over the Tavern on the Green in the Park, up along the West side. The skyline was fabuous, especially at night! Draperies and sheers closed electonically, with rope lighting under the cornice to give the rooms a light glow after dark -- we left the cornice light in the living room on at night as our perfect night light. The living room, which closed off from the bedroom with beautiful mirrored French doors, was furnished with trendy, modern furniture, including a fabuous curved couch (so comfortable for lounging) and a large desk with free Internet hook up, as well as wireless. We set up a small office on the desk, and never felt cramped by work overflowing into our &quot;personal&quot; space. The bathroom was fabulous -- all while marble, and clean, clean, clean! The Waterworks fixtures were luxurious. We requested both a tub and a separate walk-in shower in our suite, but many rooms have double walk-in showers instead -- also a luxury. My husband LOVED the rain shower, which made him feel like he was standing under a gushing, hot waterfall. Believe me, after 3 weeks in a hotel, a fabulous bathroom is more than a luxury! An open dressing space accommodated our 3-week wardrobe with ease, although we did pack away our cold-weather coats into the handy trunk at the base of the bed. Also, although this may seem like a small detail, I should add that our room was incredibly quiet -- we never heard another soul through a wall or door.As for service, it was 5-star from top to bottom. The hotel prides itself on its concierge staff, and rightfully so. We are not great trip-guide readers, and we depended on the concierges to direct us to restaurants for lunch and dinner nearly every day. They quickly figured out our eating preferences and made fabulous suggestions, ranging from the top-rated Jean-Georges to the best pizza place we've found in NYC. A bonus -- we ate lunch one day next to Paul McCartney; clearly these young men knew what was happening in the city and where the best spots are. The concierge staff were able to get reservations for us at booked up restaurants (like Bar Boulud and Babbo) that we likely would never have been able to get on our own, as well as tickets to a sold-out Rangers game. They were absolutely top drawer. (One staff member told us he got a private jet for a guest on a four-hour notice -- normally I'd question this but at the London I think it is the literal truth; they are THAT GOOD.)In fact, every person we encountered at the hotel, from the doormen in their fedoras and suites, to the several excellent concierge staff, to the housekeeping folks, were professional but also FRIENDLY, greeting us by name and welcoming us back to the hotel when we returned from our sojournes. We never saw a room service tray in the hallway set there for more than a half-hour. Our rooms were cleaned promptly when we left in the morning, and straightened at least twice more during the day. Elevators were quick, clean, and always available within a minute or two.The restaurant (Gordon Ramsey's flagship in the States) was always hopping in the evening hours with business -- as was the small bar. We certainly felt like we were in the middle of &quot;where it's at&quot; in NYC. The one thing that the London does NOT have is a large and luxurious private lobby. The lobby is on street level, and the lounge area is rather small and on level two. So, if you want a luxurious private upstairs lobby to relax in, the St. Regis, the Four Seasons, or the Pennisula might be your choices. But if you don't need the lobby space, the London compares favorably in every other way. We were happy to trade the lobby space for a room twice the size with a separate living room -- that's where we spent our time.Honestly, I can't imagine a better place to stay in New York. The hotel is hip, modern, clean, busy (in a good way), and the services were truly outstanding. The crowd is decidedly younger than at the Carlyle or Plaza, giving the London a kind of energetic vibe that is contagious. (We're &quot;50-something&quot; and we felt younger just walking into the lobby.) We saw a few children staying at the hotel, but mostly this is a place for &quot;young professionals&quot; who appreciate style, service, and comfort. I should also mention that the location on 54th is perfect for theater, walking, shopping, and eating.I can guarantee that the next time we are in New York, we will head to the London. We haven't found a place to compare.	
Apr 23 2009 	Well worth the money	The London was everything we heard it was, it far exceeded our expectations. Great location, friendly staff, very clean and spacious rooms. The Gordon Ramsey restraurant wasn't worth the money, imo.	
Apr 23 2009	FANTASTIC	a really good upmarket hotel. the hotel and its rooms are as good as the web site pictures.convenient location 5 mins from central park which is great for a pre- breakfast walk.take a helicopter tour of nyc-extravagant but leaves a lasting memory.	
Apr 20 2009 	BEST HOTEL for the $ in NYC	Was here for V-Day. Likes -1) Room Size Suites!2) Price3) Location4) Style5) Staff Service incl concierges6) Dual showers Dislikes -1) Evening door service not the best - Ignored us for cab - so we trekked 2 blocks away to get 1 on our own.2) Room service pricesSummary - outstanding stay top to bottom except for the evening door service. I would recommend this establishment to any1 wanting a 4 star michelin type accommodations without the &gt;$500 price. Central to everywhere &amp; the concierge comp us tixs to the top of the rock for a beautiful view of the Big Apple. Perfect in every way really.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great Hotel ideal location	Just came back from a week at the London NYC. The hotel is ideally loccated to Times square and other main shopping areas. We stayed in the london suite and it was definatly worth it. 2 large rooms with areas to sit and rest after a hard days shopping.The staff were great and were helpful when asked any questions. taxis were available directly outside so you didnt have to walk far to get one. Another plus to thehotel was the bar and the maze restaurant located on the ground floor - not the cheapest pleace to get a drink - $20 for a cocktail but was still good.	
Apr 19 2009	Very Pleasant Experience	I took my daughter to NYC for her 16th birthday and we atayed at the London NYC and I was very pleased with the room, service and staff. They made our trip very nice and memorable. Staff was very helpful with directions to area locations and attractions. They accomidated our every requests! Will stay here again!	
Apr 13 2009 	Unexpectedly great hotel	Wonderful location for theater and enjoying the City. Hotel has been recently redone with beautiful &quot;Waterworks&quot; bathrooms and living room area next to bedrooms. Hip restaurant with great food. Professional service oriented staff without the &quot;attitude&quot; frequently encountered in New York Hotels. Made for a great weekend to invite family back for post theater tea and relaxation.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great Hotel	I just had a wonderful stay at &quot;The London&quot; in New York. I was hosting 9 ladies for the weekend and the hotel was perfect. The location was wonderful, the rooms were very large with spacious bathrooms and the staff was great. I highly recommend this hotel for a New York stay. We had 3 London suites and 1 London apartment for the weekend.	
Apr 6 2009 	New York was nothing like we expected! Can't wait to go back!	My husband and I traveled to New York the first week in December to witness the lighting of the tree at Rockefeller Center in person. The weather was great during our stay and staying at the London allowed us to walk to almost everything that interested us. The location of the hotel was great! We were able to take in a Knicks game at Madison Square Garden, saw the musical Chicago, attended the matinee of the Rockettes holiday special, went to the Top of the Rock, witnessed the tree lighting live, toured the city a little and walked through Central Park in just 5 short days. Now that I have seen the tree lighting in person, I will be perfectly content watching it on tv from now on. I have never seen so many people in my life!	
Apr 3 2009 	A dead body lived under the bed	When we finally got into bed late that Saturday evening. My daughter told me she smelled something awful. It smelled like someone had died and rotting body was under the headboard and on the sheets near the pillows. It was so late that I called management in the morning and complained. NOTHING was done. We slept elsewhere because the smell was unbearable. My daughter is a doctor and knows what human remains smell like. That is the strange thing.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great value for NYC	I have stayed at the London twice in the last three months and have had very positive experiences both times...The rooms are very spacious and finished in a modern style with neutral furnishing that should appeal to everybody...Bathrooms are very spacious and rooms on the higher floors have great views...Service is excellent....Housekeeping is very efficient and thorough...I left money out one evening and, after being informed by housekeeping, security came to to the room to secure the money until I came back to make sure that there were no issues later on...The front desk staff was generally efficient and the doormen were very friendly...On about three or four occasions they put me in the house car to take me out in the evening...I have had that service before but never at a hotel in New York, a hotel this large or at a hotel that was relatively inexpensive...It really felt like a boutique hotel with personalised servince...All things considered (service, feel, room size and finish) it is my favorite hotel in NYC in this price range...The only other hotel I would consider would be the NY Palace and only becuase I think the Madision Ave location is much more convenient if you are in town on business.	
Mar 21 2009 	the London is our favorite and honest staff as well	My wife and I recently spent a weekend at the London and it was fantastic. We live in NJ and frequently go into the city for a weekend to see a show, concert or just to get away. and the London has become our hotel of choice. This was our 2nd time at the London. The room was clean and spacious, the staff could not have been more pleasant and helpful and the valet parking (we drove for a change) was seemless. We booked on American Express Platinum travel so we got afternoon tea (which is very nice) and a 4pm checkout which is very nice. The location is perfect, walking distance to shopping, dining and the theatre district. The honesty part is that after spending some time shopping at Bloomindales, we left a shopping bag in the room when we checked out. I thought there was no way we would ever see it again. but when we called the hotel on tuesday, they called us back to say they located the bag. They shipped it to us Federal Express and on Wednesday the bag of clothes arrived, still in tissue paper, and the receipt still sitting on the top of hte clothes. absolutely amazing that a 5 star hotel actually lived up to its billing in all respects!	
Mar 20 2009 	Lovely stay	We booked 3 nights at the London NYC under the &quot;buy two nights get one free&quot; deal that you can find on nycgo.com. As a result, including taxes we paid about $700 for three nights -- a total deal for NYC, particularly given the size of the rooms. I've stayed in probably 25 different hotels in NY over the years, and this is one of the nicest and most comfortable -- comfortable beds, nice sitting area with a couch, well-appointed bathroom. Great space for two people who are ach used to having their own space. My boyfriend thought the fitness centre was the best he'd ever seen in a hotel. Location was great (being a former New Yorker I'm not a fan of Times Square but the hotel is central to pretty much everything, and the street it was on is relatively quiet). Service was just OK -- we really didn't ask for anything. We had a bad experience with a rude/slow waitress, but overall left with a good impression. I would stay here again.	
Mar 15 2009 	arrogant and rude staff at front desk	The rooms are decent - we read reviews that the rooms are &quot;large&quot; but when we saw the suite we were surprised at how tiny the second bedroom was. The rooms are extremely dark as well and there's no option to make it brighter. My father was switching to another room because my brother and I were leaving. The front desk gave him a room that was not cleaned up yet and smelled like bleach. In addition, when I was checking out, the front desk lady (I wish I remembered her name) was extremely rude and arrogant. A decent hotel with decent service at best.	
Mar 12 2009 	can't wait to return	One of the most comfortable hotels i've ever stayed in. The huge bed felt as soft as a feather, the sound proofing second to none, air conditioning easy to adjust and blackout curtains so effective you would'nt have known if it was night or day - great when you are stopping off fromSouth America. Lively, smart atmosphere in the bar and attentive door and concierge staff.Location could not have been better - close to central park and Times square. Worth every penny!	
Mar 8 2009 	Amazing Hotel!	We loved everthing about this hotel, except that we were only there for one night! I was so pleasantly surprised about the size of the suite- it was truly a 1 bedroom suite, with doors separating the big living area from the big bedroom. The bathroom was huge and pretty (although I was not a fan of the full length mirror in the shower!). We had a really wonderful stay here, and the gym was one of the nicest I've ever used. We ate at the Maze restaurant (more casual of the two GR restaurants), which was a great meal. We paid $250 for our room, which felt like a bargain based on what we got for our money. I don't think I'll ever stay anywhere else when I come into the city.	
Mar 6 2009	Wonderful ambiance a truly unforgetable experience	My sister and dined at in the formal dining room at the London. The food was amazing, quite expensive but no regrets.A special &quot;thank you&quot; to our waiter for touring us through the kitchen and meeting with the chefs. This was something totally unexpected and very much appreciated.Signed, the two blonde Canadian sisters	
Feb 23 2009 	Ticket scam at the London	I stayed in the London between the 16th and 22nd February. On a positive note the rooms are big ( for New York ) and clean and the TV is flat. If you get a high floor 32 or above suite the view is also good.The hallways are dark and the breakfast was terrible.Beware of the concierge ! These guys have egos the size of the Empire state and attitudes that are the exception to the friendly New Yorkers on the street. We asked where to buy Shrek tickets and were told that they could get &quot;special&quot; tickets through there concierge network unavailable to the public. They wanted $75 for service on top of the $85 per ticket but told us that the only other tickets available were $300.The tickets they provided were in row x ( back row z ) with restricted view and not special in any way. We refused to pay for them and found tickets in row H online at [--]. The same concierge could not recommend an Italian restaurant in Little Italy or a restaurant with a view of the river.We booked a special VIP Saks 5th avenue shopping deal which the Hotel also rfused to honour.If there isn't a buck in it for the crooked concierge dont bother asking for it!	
Feb 22 2009 	Nice hotel but food is very overpriced	The breakfast in particular was very disappointing. The full english breakfast was very much on the small side, better off crossing the road to an irish pub.	
Feb 20 2009 	Affordable Luxury in New York	After staying at the Hilton on Times Sq for most of the week, I decided to surprise my girlfriend with a valentines night stay in the London. Now dont get me wrong the Hilton on Times Sq is good but the London is on a totally different level.Excellent service greeted us at 11am and a Happy Birthday from the reception staff to my girlfriend, was very welcoming. Followed by a complimentry bottle of wine.We were shown to our room on the 30th floor and were delighted with the size of it. A large well laid out lounge, A big King Bedroom and a huge shower with seperate tub greeted us as we stepped in.The hotel is situated 7-10mins walk from Central Park and was still only 15mins walk from Times Sq.We went out for the afternoon,and came back to find another complimentry bottle of wine plus snacks.A further suprise for my girlfriend was dinner at Gordon Ramsey's in the London.This was quite simply the best restaurant experience I have ever had and I have been to many many restaurants around the world. Now this was not cheap but you leave feeling you have had great value for money.If you can stretch the budget then go for it!We would definitely like to stay here again and would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel. 5 out of 5	
Feb 19 2009	Nice but service was somewhat disappointing	The resturants were very pricey and a relatively poor value. In additon we were mislead by a waiter in the MAZE and told that they would split a bill, which they did not. I paid over $200 for 5 breakfasts and when I complained at the desk when checking out they claimed there was nothing they could do?! I will not go back, to many other places want the business. They did not stand to loose a dime in the transaction, but they failed to follow thru.	
Feb 19 2009 	Hip and Elegant!	I took the red eye in from Seattle and showed up at the hotel before 8am. I was worried since check in time wasn't until 3pm, but the very accommodating staff set me up with a room to sleep in until my room was ready. They couldn't have been nicer! I took a long nap and a hot shower and was good to go! There's a great place around the corner for manicures, pedicures and massages called NY Nails. I highly recommend going there after a long trip! My room was ready in the afternoon and was on the 52nd floor! It was large and beautifully appointed with a very big shower along with amazing views of the city! Free wireless internet too, which is always a plus! I lunched at The Maze restaurant in the hotel and the food was excellent! The best tuna tartare and very nice cobb salad. I also dined at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant for dinner, which was delicious, but a bit too fancy for my taste. Great Italian restaurant down the street called Gattapardo; small restaurant with very nice atmosphere and wonderful dishes. I look forward to staying at The London again and would highly recommend it!	
Feb 10 2009 	Luxury at the London	We stayed at the London, NY in February 2009 and it was a fantastic experience. A warm welcome, great staff and beautiful surroundings. Our suite was large (particularly for NY) and spotlessly clean with Ipod docker, two flat screens, great toiletries, and soft robes etc. Five minutes from Central Park means morning runs are no excuse. We ate at Gordon Ramsay at Maze on the Saturday night and had one of the best meals we've ever had. Try the five course tasting menu and ask the sommelier to match your wines by course. At the end we were offered a tour of the kitchen - a fantastic chance to see great chefs at work. After praising the desserts several more were brought over to our table to try free of charge! Great and truly personal service. No, it's not cheap but for the overall experience it's great value. If you want a special weekend in NY with a loved one this is the place to stay.	
Feb 10 2009 	Would not stay anywhere else	I visit NYC a lot and have stayed at a lot of hotels there. Staying at The London is the best NYC hotel experience I have had for the money. We had a great room with breakfast included for $249/night. The rooms are new and clean and very spacious for NYC. The location is 54th between 6th and 7th right near the N&amp;R subway so you can easily make it downtown. The staff are great, the bathrooms are new and nice and there is free wifi!	
Feb 9 2009 	Pure luxury at the LONDON NYC	I stayed at The London with my daughters (ages 23 and 15) Feb 6-8. We had a 2 bedroom suite on the 52nd floor.It was absolutely amazing. The suite had 2 bathrooms, one with just a shower and the other had a shower and tub.We had 3 flat screen LGTV in our suite. We used all 3 of them! Our suite was divided by a hallway . The view was of Central Park . We could also see Time Square. Hardwood floors through out and tile in both bathrooms. We had verycomfortable beds and slept well. Very Quiet. We had dinner at Maze(in the hotel) which was pricey (what isn’t in NY) and it wasexcellent. We all had the 5 course dinner at $70 per person. It was worth it. We were looking for Gordon Ramsey butdidn’t see him ;0( The service was excellent. (2 hour minimum at Maze for 5 course dinner). Concierge was so helpful. They are always smiling and went out of their way to help.They had answers to all our questions and their recommendations for everything we did where right on! We went to Nobu 57for dinner to celebrate my daughters 15th birthday. Excellent sushi. Expensive as well but fresh, clean and well worth it. Wealso looked for Robert Dinero(he owns this restaurant) but didn’t get to see him either ;0( Concierge recommended Norma’sfor a great Sunday morning breakfast. It was unbelievable! Big portions! You don’t see this in NYC! Last, we saw Lion King and it wasone of the best shows I have seen. Great show for all ages. We will be returning to The London in the next year and will tell all ourfriends to stay there as well.	
Feb 2 2009 	#1 go to hotel in NYC	We recently stayed at the London NY January 2009. The London Suite is approx 500sq ft and is the most comfortable and civilized hotel experience I can recall ever having in New York. We paid $259-$279/daily and at that rate it was a great value: living room, bedroom, Waterworks signature bathroom with dual shower stall that was about 8 feet long. Returning to our room each evening was like coming home. Our dining experience was limited due to an uninspiring breakfast sampling but who cares when you have the city at your doorstep. It is known for Gordon Ramsay's signature New York restaurant which I understand is terrific. Location is great launching point for Rock Center shopping, Broadway, etc. I realize it is considered to be somewhat trendy and in fact we saw some celebs but the property was very low on the pretentious scale!	
Jan 28 2009 	Avoid	Very overpriced and poor value. Watch the bill and insist on closing the bill when leaving.	
Jan 22 2009 	Very Clean and upscale	Great Staff from the time you Valet your car, check in, bell service and Gordon Ramsay restaurant all exceded our expectations. Would highly recommend very good price for room with tax $349.00 Parking overnight valet $65.00 Dinner for 4-in Gordon Ramsay $650.00 plus tip.	
Jan 15 2009 	Fabulous location; beautiful comfortable room	I love Gordon Ramsay so since I was travelling for business, I thought I'd have a chance to eat at his famed NYC restaurant and stay at The London NYC, where the restaurant is housed. First of all, this hotel is in a fabulous area--close to everything NYC! A few blocks south to Time Square and theatres, a few blocks north to Rockefeller Plaza ,and great shopping a few blocks east. I'm a walker and was able to get everywhere I needed to go on foot. I asked for a high floor to escape the NYC noise and pleasantly surprised to have such a huge suite in New York on hte 25th floor--and it was very quiet and very clean! I didn't think the hotel was dirty at all as previous posters suggested. The lobby is beautiful and the room was amazing. The bed was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on! Great beathroom, HUGE shower, huge closet area, living room, desk--all the amenities. I scored a great deal off their website--they matched all the other &quot;chain&quot; hotels in the area. The only negative is that I thought the staff was a little snooty, but it may be that &quot;very hip, english vibe&quot; they give off. I did have a chance to eat at Maze, Ramsay's small dish casual restaurant, and the food was magnificent! If you go, be sure to ask for the salted caramels at the end of your meal--eating those is like dying and going to heaven!! I will definitely stay here next time I'm in NYC!	
Jan 1 2009 	New years at the London	We love this hotel, stylish, clean, wonderfull staff, we have stayed several times and seem to get a bigger and bigger Londonn suite every time! Stayed through New Year Eve hotel was wonderfully quiet when we got back after spending midnight in Times Square! Room service efficient, beds turned back every evening. This hotel even smells good! We would never stay anywhere else in manhattan.	
Dec 28 2008	TOO NOISY	The major problem is the ambient noise level. We complained about a high pitched whine, it was promptly investigated, we were told it was the &quot;water pump&quot;. We checked out several floors during the night, and the high pitched whine was present on all floors This was very bad. Other problems: No good reading light in the rooms, inadequate storage facility in the rooms, a slippery wood floor, no pictures on the walls to decorate the room, computers in the business center that are not free, and no hand hold in the showers. Overall, we were pleased with the excellent staff, we were attentively cared for, we loved the in-room breakfast, the bed was great, the view from the 48th floor was spectacular, and the rooms were clean.	
Dec 24 2008 	Excellent with amazing views	We arrived on Sunday 21st December at the London. The hotel looked very swish as we pulled up in our cab. Check in was effortless and our vista suite was prepared and ready for us. We had a suite on the 52nd floor (two from the top of the hotel). There was a large living room area with a connected bedroom and bathroom. The windows were huge (with electric curtains) and had views across the city. It was night when we arrived so the city was lit up - it was lovely. The room had free wireless internet and 2 TVs and an ipod docking station.The bed was very comfortable and shower hot and powerful. The weak points of the suite would be that the bathroom was small ish and the wardrobe area is open plan with only 4 drawers and a hanging rail. If two people had brought lots of clothes it might be tricky to accommodate all of them. However, these problems were only small and made up for by the most incredible view across central park which we awoke to - see photo.The hotel is in a great location. just a short walk to Time Square area, very near to the park and a subway. Since we were so high we found our suite very quiet. We had a drink in the bar on the first night - they do great strong cocktails and it is open until 1am. We did not eat at the Gordon Ramsey restaurant but it looked very nice.Unfortunately our stay was cut short on the first night when we had a call from home to say that a relative was seriously ill and we had to return. The staff were very helpful. There was no problem canceling our room, we received a full refund and they gave us a late check out until 2.30pm so we could make calls etc at no extra charge. Everyone was vert concerned and kind.I would have no hesitation recommending the London hotel to anyone visiting NYC. Great location, nice staff, lovely rooms and incredible views.	
Dec 16 2008 	Had to stay here also for the restaurant	This is a very nice, and modern style, hotel in NYC. We choosed this one after reading on Tripadvisor, especially that the rooms are big for NYC hotels. It’s a luxury hotel and the price is there after, especially during high season as in december. Beautiful internal architecture and decorations, the choice of food by a Michelin chef, Gordon Ramsey, is excellent and the location, makes this a hit with us.Location 10/10:On 54th between 6th/7th makes this hotels location the best. Its just around the corner from Times Square, as well as 5th ave. and Central park. Walking distance to shopping, restaurants, museeums, etc.. Excellent.Lobby/Check-in 9/10:The entrance and lobby area is gorgeous and modern. A bit small, but its not a very big hotel, but the lobby can get a bit crowded. A good feautre was that outside the entrance, when you are waiting for a taxi, they have heating, so you can keep warm. What makes this not a top grade, is that the staff is not service minded or friendly, it could have been much better. Room 9/10:Got upgraded to a London suite, which was beautiful. We especially liked the there was a separate bedroom with closing doors. Also, that the main room with the sofa and large table, a big desk and a lounge/modern rocking chair, was with wooden floors, and the bedroom with wall-2-wall carpet. All colors were in different grey tones with white. The bed was extremelly nice and comfortable, with egyptian cotton, so it was very comfortable. One very good feature was the feature to close the curtains electriallly, by a button. A small, but good sized, separate closet section in between the bathroom and bathroom, but not that much room for clothes to store, if you are staying a longer time. The bathroom was gorgeous with a huge mirror and washbasin, but could easily have fitted two, which would have been perfect. Another cool and nice part of the bathroom was the two showers opposite each other with different shower heads and a mirror in between. One small extra feature, was the cable to connect the laptop to the flat screen plasma TV, so we could see a movie from the laptop. Restaurants 10/10:This is as good as it gets. Gordon Ramsey restaurants only, two of them. One casual and one exclusive. We dinned a the casual one, Maze, which was amazing. You have option of choosing from small sized servings, but being able to try a bit of everything, or choose from 4 or 5 entrées. When you read the combinations, you start to wonder how these ingridients can match, but it does in a wonderful way. We were just amazed how good the food was. The atmosphere and decoration is also very nice and modern.Gordon Ramsey @ the London is supposed to be even better, but also three times more expansive. We did not try the breakfast buffé, which is served in Maze, but we saw it, and it looked amazing as well, with so much selections of everything and it all looked so good.Other:There is complimentary high speed internet access in the rooms, which is good. There is also a small business center where you can print. A very modern and ultra cool and futuristic fitness center, but we did not have the time to try it. A small minus is that there is no relax with jacuzzi or similar.	
Dec 14 2008 	All style but not much substance …	The London NYC is an all suite hotel in a good Midtown location. You are near to the theatres, shops, Central Park and the subway. Although it is quite new, some of the public areas are already looking a bit tired. Similarly, some of the fixtures in our suite were tired and the furnishings were marked. The staff were mostly ok, but didn’t really go that extra mile to make our stay memorable or enjoyable.We stayed in one of the London Vista Suites with a view over Central Park from the bedroom and the city from the Sitting Room which was great. The bedroom had a massive double bed, a small flat screen TV, iPod docking alarm clock/radio and its own air con system. The wardrobe was simply an open hanging space with a few drawers which we felt was a bit on the small side.The sitting area was roomy and offered a trendy seating area with occasional table, work desk with wireless, a large flat screen TV, air con and a bizarre mini bar which was automated so that if you removed an item for any amount of time, you were charged for it. This meant that you could not remove the contents to chill your own water etc. You can ask for an additional fridge, but for a few days stay that seemed bit of a faff. There was no tea or coffee making facilities which was a big let down.You can open the windows slightly in both the bedroom and the sitting room which was lovely if, like me, you like a bit of fresh air and hate stuffy, over heated hotel rooms.The bathroom was adequate with a large, fixed deluge shower overhead along and a wall mounted hand held shower, but it had no bath. Water from the showers went all over the floor! After walking round the city all day, we would have welcomed a long, hot soak particularly when it was cold. It had the sort of goodies you would expect from this type of hotel – toiletries, bath robes, slippers etc.Maze restaurant at the London NYC is located in the bar area which is very buzzy in the evenings. However, what works for a bar leaves you feeling like you are eating in the middle of large throughfare in a restaurant. It was cold, draughty and noisy. The staff were thoroughly disinterested and the service was poor. The food was good, but not as good the London (UK) Maze where we eat quite regularly and really enjoy it. Gordon Ramsay at the London NYC is a bit of a mixed bag. The food and wines were excellent. The service was quite good if not a little fast. It was also a bit enthusiastic with a number of waiters asking if we were enjoying the food – always an irritation. You should be asked once per course, and once only! The restaurant felt cold and lacking in any atmosphere.As for the city … I would go back to NYC in a heartbeat. Everything is so familiar and yet so different. We only scratched the surface of the city in 5 days and I was left wanting more, much more!	
Nov 20 2008 	Great Location Big Lovely Rooms Great Stay!	Great Location! Easy to walk to Rockefeller Center, Central Park, 5th Ave Shopping, Times Square and much more. Subway stop for the B/D line only 1.5 blocks away. This line will take you to China Town, Little Italy, Empire State Building, Macys, etc.Beautiful hotel with great art deco feel. Rooms were very big with great windows that actually open. The sitting room was nice. Only wish we had a bathtub, but the 2 person shower was neat.Concierge service was great. We had a small medical emergency and the concierge helped us find a great ER on a Saturday night. What could have been a nightmare turned into a small inconvienence thanks to the help from the concierge staff.Breakfast was included in our room rate. It was very nice and the restaurant staff was very helpful, but if we had to pay for the breakfast I would walk to 1 of the many restaurants in the area. It is very expensive.I would definitely stay at the London again!	
Nov 20 2008 	Very good set up at the London	I'm afraid that the 'whtsnxt's review of the London NYC is misleading and should not be taken at face value by any prospective customers. I am sorry if that person had issues with smoking rooms etc but to represent the hotel as being ' tired and dirty' is plain silliness.The London NYC is a fine property with gleaming, modern interiors. I have just returned from a 5 night stay and found the hotel to be a of a very high standard in relation to bedroom and bathroom size. Strongly recommended are the London suites which have a very pleasant sitting room area with couch and work desk. In room amenities include IPOD docking station/player, 2 tvs, and full minibar. Room decor was warm and inviting and furniture was well maintainedThe restaurant and bar scene was always quite lively with a trendy enough crowd slurping cockatils in the evening.My only gripe was that the attractive lobby, which was of average size, did not have any seating which meant that there was alot of people standing around waiting for their friends/associates to show up. If you sat waiting in the restaurant/bar area you were being hit by staff to order drinks etc. Superb location with all local attractions only minutes away by foot.	
Nov 19 2008 	A Great Hotel Destroyed	My wife and I stayed in the Rihga Royal Hotel on several occasions -- at leat four stays. We had the misfortune to stay at the property for a week after it became the London NYC. The modernization of the the decor and furniture made the stay very uncomfortable. The sofas were hard and unless you were well over six feet tall one could not sit and have any back support. The bedroom was sparce in the means storing clothing. There was no dresser only an exposed clothes rods. The clock radio required an advanced degree in electronics to be able to understand the controls. There was no refrigerator in the room and we had to request housekeeping to bring one up. Basically, all the comforts to which we had become accustomed were gone.The personnel at check in tried to give us an extremely poor suite when we checked in. I understand the &quot;12&quot; series of rooms are all smaller and have only half the bathroom size as the other suites. If I am paying the type of money that is charged at the hotel, I expect that I will not have a poor room palmed off on us.This tragically has taken us from a comfortable suite hotel in Manhattan and made us seek out other sites when we visit New York.Lee GoldmanLeeG@Socal.rr.com	
Nov 16 2008 	Great Stay - Disappointing Dining Experience	As previous reviewers have noted, the rooms at the London are amongst the largest in NYC. The hotel is well situated in midtown and close to shopping, theater and Central Park. The decor is very modern and therefore may not appeal to every taste, but we found it refreshing. We particularly appreciated the spacious bathroom and the separate bed/ living room configuration.The only drawback to this property is the restaurant. Several staff members were rude and the food was mediocre. Upon checkout, the front desk representative asked us about our stay. When I mentioned our treatment at the restaurant, he acknowledged that they have had many similar complaints. I would definitely return to the London and have recommended it to many friends, but I would not waste my time at the restaurant (despite the draw of Gordon Ramsey). New York has no shortage of dining options that will provide a much better experience.	
Nov 12 2008 	Dirtyreeked of cigarette smoke and poor service	Images on website are deceiving. Although this property has been remodeled, it is in need of another remodel, the finishes were tired and dirty in the lobby. I understand natural wear and tear in public places but not only was this in the lobby, it continued into the elevator, through the corridor and into the room.Service is something else that this property is lacking...I booked a non-smoking room over 3 months ago but upon arrival I was told by the front desk that the hotel was oversold and that my request was not guaranteed. They informed me that they could put me in a smoking room and that the maid could freshen it up to hide the smell of smoke. I wasn't able to stay in the room for more than 5 minutes before returning to the lobby, cancelling my reservation and relocating to another hotel.After looking at the size of the room and the overall style of the property, I was really looking forward to my stay at the London; however that quickly turned into dissapointment after seeing the property in person and the lack of service from the staff.	
Nov 7 2008 	Disappointing But Good	The London Hotel NYC is a Blackstone property and was formerly the all suite Righa Royal Hotel. The makeover has transformed a traditional decor with an all suite hotel with a contemporary minimalistic design. I would rate this as a 3 and a half or 4 star hotel but no higher.The suites are spacious and the furnishings will appeal to a younger clientele but most likely many over 50 will not love some of the furniture or features. The bedrooms feature an open closet to maximize room space and although it's convenient you'll be hanging your clothes in a totally open and visible space.The bathrooms have eliminated the tub and instead there are 2 shower heads with one featuring a rainfall head and the other traditional all located in a narrow and elongated shower area. There are glass sides with an opening in the middle and unless you're careful with the shower head aim you can get water into the bathroom. It's clever and cool but it's not really all that good.There is free high speed internet service and the speeds are excellent. The printers and fax of the old Righa Royal are long gone so if you need to print bring your own. The television selection is disappointing and although the screens are flat they are not high definition. The larger one is located in the living room area and in the bedroom I had there was a tiny ~20 inch Zenith flat screen that was way too small to enjoy. I did not eat at the restaurant but the bar was nicely done and had a lively and hip crowd at cocktail hour.	
Nov 6 2008 	We loved this hotel	We moved from the Waldorf to this hotel at the end of October 2008 and what a contrast. Service was fantastic, the rooms spacious and clean and overall a wonderful experience.	
Nov 4 2008 	Will only stay at the London now when in NYC!	Every room here is a suite, so you have a separate sitting area and plenty of space. Honestly, I had my sister and her boyfriend up to the room and they were joking about how it was bigger than her boyfriend's Manhattan apartment. The bathroom is beautiful, white tile, an amazing shower, so clean, so immaculate. The service was great too, everyone did an excellent job at helping and when I tried to get a cab one morning to a work thing they escorted me in the hotel's Range Rover instead. There are also dual electric shades/drapes on the windows so you can block out all the light. I loved the location as well, walking distance to Times Square, Central Park, the Met, MOMA, 5th Avenue....Loved this hotel!	
Oct 30 2008 	Great Location	Have just returned from a 4 night stay at the London NYC. The location is superb within easy walking distance of Broadway theatres, Fifth Avenue shopping and Times Square. The suites are spacious, clean and stylish however there are a few less positive points to raise. Check in was disorganised and the twin room I booked was not ready until after 6pm. I felt that the reception staff were a little disinterested and didn't go out of their way to help. There were 3 of us staying and the twin beds are actually single beds, so we requested a roll away which was quite uncomfortable. While waiting for the room, we had a drink in the bar area - 2 small glasses of house wine cost $40 with tip. On the first night we ordered room service - the bill for 3 very average sandwiches and drinks was $170. There are plenty of less expensive diners and restaurants close to the hotel. Ellen's Stardust Diner was great fun. Overall, we loved the hotel, had a great stay and would definately return	
Oct 28 2008 	Very good but the breakfast.	I've stayed in the London NYC for 2 nights sharing a suite in the 34th floor with two friends.The suite was enought sized, but the view, beside being on a 34th floor, it was blocked by other buildings of the same size, so I could only see the ave through a small corner, but it was ok. Maybe I was expecting more than I should be.Room was very clean, very calm (no noise at all) had a stereo connection for i-pod and 2 LCD TV's. The good and the bad were: the rollaway bed for the 3rd person (ME!) was extremely comfortable, really excelent!! The not so good was the tiny size of the bathroom.The service in general was good: very helpful porters and concierge desk.The buffet breakfast was poor. Consisted of cereals, 2 or 3 type of fruits, croissants, 2 or 3 types of cheese and bread. All of very good quality but too expensive for such few variety. However, it is possible to ask for some toasts, orange juice or scrambled eggs, but you have to pay extra cash.If you don't want to spend so much money for breakfast, just around the corner you have a place were you can have your breakfast for less than 20$. The loction is also excellent, near MoMA, Trump tower, 5th Ave, stores and restaurants. The hotel is a little bit expensive, but in Manhattan what is not??	
Oct 17 2008 	Hit and miss-poor management	We have stayed at the hotel more than 6 times, and while we enjoyed our first three to four visits, the last two have now forced us to reconsider our future potential stays. The staff at the front desk have seemed to develop an elitist attitude, reminiscent of snobbery. The management failed to adequately address the issue of the brown bath water and the fact that the past two visits required us to make several reservations since they kept &quot;missing&quot; our previous reservation, we are now second guesing making any more plans to stay here again. Add to this that the hotel is unable to properly address a regular customers preferences or specifics surrounding previous visits, it gives one pause as to why the hotel does not have a sufficient computer system that can retain all of this neccessary and pertinent information. For the price per room, one would think that the service and abilities of the management staff would be superior to those of other hotels, sadly this is not the case. Check other more established hotels in the same range and area before making this hotel your choice.	
Oct 14 2008 	LOVED this Hotel!	My husband and I stayed at London NYC on a recent trip to New York from Sept 28 - Oct 2. This was my first time to NY and we booked the hotel on their website. The hotel was gorgeous and the rooms were huge, especially for NY as I hear most hotel rooms are really really small. Our room had a separate bedroom with french doors, it was great! We ate every morning in the restaurant and the food was good and service was good. We ordered room service once and found it really expensive, with some extra fees we didn't see. so we didn't order again. This hotel was in an awesome location and we walked to central park, time square, 5th avenue, it was awesome. It was also pretty close to the subway, which we used a lot! Lots of fabulous restaurants in walking distance from the hotel . The concierge was great at making recommendations. We will definitely stay at the hotel when we make a trip to NY again.	
Oct 5 2008 	Thoroughly recommend this hotel	We stayed at this hotel on a recent trip to New York City . The trip was to celebrate a joint retiral and when staff became aware of this, they couldn't have been more pleased for us. Indeed that night , we returned to our room to find a bottle of Champagne and nibbles ~ a wonderful surprise after a hard day's shopping ! The suite in which we stayed was very comfortable and spotlessly clean. The attention to detail was first class. We ate in The Maze ~ a Gordon Ramsay restaurant within the hotel ~ and were thrilled when Gordon Ramsay appeared in the restaurant , chatted with us and invited us in to his kitchen.A memorable weekend. We'll be back !!!	
Sep 29 2008 	Luxury for half the price	First off let me say I'm spoiled by Four Seasons hotels and I will try not to judge this hotel based on the 4S. That said, the London is a great hotel. It was exceptionally clean, the rooms were beautiful and spacious, the bathrooms were gorgeous, and the location can't be beat. However, the service isn't all that great-I don't think a doorman ever opened our door. Our tv didn't work all weekend, and was never fixed, despite repeated phone calls to the front desk. They did send people to see about it, but at $500 a night and over 2 days' time, you'd think they could have done something about it. So, the service isn't exceptional, but at literally half the price of a 4S, it's a great hotel. For a weekend jaunt, the service isn't as important to me as the niceness and cleanliness of the room, and the London delivered. I'd stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Sep 24 2008 	Best... Service...Ever	I have been fortunate to stay in a few luxury hotels during the past decade. During the past year I stayed at the Greenbrier in WV and Atlantis Bahamas. My wife and I chose the London for a romantic getaway and I have to admit I was a bit leery of the prices. But duty called (my wife's choice of hotel based on her research) and all I can say is WOW! I usually have way better things to do than write a (very likely unread)review about a hotel but for anyone interested The London was tremendous. First and foremost the service was outstanding! I have never met concierges (I dealt with several and all were brilliant) that seemed so wired into their city and astute enough to gauge their clientele so accurately. Equally impressive was the staff from housekeeping to front desk to maintenance. An example-As I tried to sort out the flat screen TV my wife said call maintenance; so I did. I figured out the remote about 1 minute later-about 2 minutes before a friendly tech knocked. Or how about riding an elevator and having a housekeeping person look you in the eye, ask about your room and wonder if she could assist in any way. I could go on about the excellent location, nice gym and the best bed I have ever slept in but it was the service that stood out most. Sorry so long but The London was truly special.	
Sep 23 2008 	Best I ever seen in NYC	This a beautiful, luxurious hotel right in the middle of all the action. Our room was beautifully appointed with a nice view. I wanted to eat at Gordon Ramsey bought it was booked solid. Breakfast was very good as was afternoon tea.All aspects of the service perfect.A very minor problem with our bill was taken care of with no issues. It's not cheap, but it's worth it	
Sep 21 2008 	My favorite NYC hotel	The London is my preferred hotel when I stay in NYC. All of the guest rooms are actually suites, and they are not only spacious, but beautifully designed and decorated. The bathrooms are fabulous (be sure to ask for a room with a tub, those are few and far between) but even if you &quot;only&quot; get the double shower, you're still in for a treat. The staff are wonderful as well.Obviously since this is NYC you will pay for this luxury (I usually pay between $690 - $790) but it is definitely worth it.	
Sep 16 2008 	Want luxury? Then this is the place!	We stayed at the London for 3 nights in August while on holiday in NYC.Being from Australia we are used to spacious hotel rooms but the size of the rooms at the London pleasantly surprises us. they were HUGE! Lovely layout and great natural light with windows that even open for fresh air!We stayed on the 34th floor overlooking 6th/54th intersection. The hotel oozes luxury on every level - from the checkin to concierge to the turn down service and the gym.We dined at Restaurant Gordon Ramsey which was a bit expensive but well worth the money. We had a great night.I highly recommend this hotel for people visiting NYC who want something a little special.	
Sep 15 2008 	Good... but needs a little more	Very niece hotel with beautiful trendy rooms. The London Bar is ea great spot for people watching. However, based on the price this is not enough. When my wife and I arrived with a stroller after having notified the hotel that we would be staying with our 4 month old, the first room they tried to out us in was far too small and didn't even have a bathtub. Thanks to Christopher ( our host that day ) he was quick to realize the error and fixed it before we had a chance to unpack. The new room was much more to our expectations. The other comment I would make is about the lobby service. I do not know if it is an under staffing our poor training issue, but in the four days that my wife and I stayed at the hotel not once was the front door held open for use when carrying the baby in the stroller. This is the main reason that I can not give this property the rating it may deserve otherwise. The you are used to paying above average prices, the service should follow.	
Sep 13 2008 	Fantastic	I had my nephew in the city for his 21st birthday and rather than stay in my apartment I decided to surprise him with a &quot;suite&quot; at the London.The hotel surpassed any expectations I had. Stayed at this hotel for years when I was a young girl taking weekend trips with my mother to see a show and stay at the Rhiga Royal so you can imagine how shocked I was at what the London did to this property. It was absolutely amazing.I think the bathroom was larger than my apartment. The sitting area was great as was the separate bedroom. I highly recomend this hotel to anyone traveling to Manhattan. The location cannot be beat and the lounge bar was fantastic.All employees catered to our every need, I just cannot rave enough about this Hotel.	
Sep 3 2008	Phenomenal	Let me preface this by saying this isnt BS and I dont work for the hotel. My company has a branch in NYC and I travel there quite a bit. I have stayed in at least a dozen or more hotels there, and this is far and away the best I have experienced. The room was beautiful and spacious. The staff were ALL curious and knowledgeable. The lobby bar was fantastic (you can be comfortable in a suit or in sweats). If you are searching for a mid-town hotel, look no further. This hotel cant be beat.	
Sep 1 2008 	Great Boutique New York Hotel	I stayed here for 2 nights on a business trip. The hotel is very modern and chic. The hallways are a little dark, but I felt this added to the hotel's calm ambiance. The standard room was a suite (I had a &quot;London Suite&quot;), with a full couch, flat screen TV, desk, and coffee table in one room, and bed and flat screen TV in the other. It was fairly spacious for a New York hotel room, but the parlor room would be small for a gathering of more than a few people. The room also had free internet, and an iHome iPod docking station, which I thought was a nice touch. The lights in the hotel room could also be dimmed, instead of being turned completely on and off. The bed was very large and comfortable and there was a great double-headed shower. The lobby was a bit small, with no real room to sit or hang out, but no one gave our large group any problems when we gathered in the hotel restaurant/bar. The bar was really great - probably my favorite bar of any hotel I've ever stayed at. Give the bartenders license, and they'll come up with some tasty unique cocktails. The food at the bar was alright, but room service for breakfast was disappointing. It was cold and missing some of the items I had ordered. Apparently the restaurant is much better when Gordon Ramsey is actually there, but he wasn't there when we stayed! The hotel is right in the middle of everything - convenient to anywhere you want to go in NYC. We walked most places - including to restaurants and a broadway show. All in all a sleek and modern boutique hotel, nice if you want a luxury experience and are trying to avoid the major NYC chains.	
Aug 25 2008 	Very good experience	We ve just back from a 4 days in NYC . We had a very good experience with the London NYC hotel. When we checked in the room had not the view I asked for. So the reception gave us with no hesitation a beautiful room with a view on central park from one side, and the river from the other. People at the reception were very nice. During our stay every morning we were asked if everything was okay. A good personnalised service . We re going quite a lot to NYC and used to stay at the St Regis. For the price you pay at the London NYC it is worth staying there rather than any other hotel whih are much more expensive with smaller room and no view.As we were on Amex package , breakfast was included but not in the room , unless additional cost. But having breakfast in the dining room was ok, good fod, and good choice with nice staff.For a good quality/price I will recommend this hotel, with an excellent location between Central Park, and Times Square !	
Aug 23 2008 	Can't wait to go back!	Staying at the London Hotel for 1 week made our stay in NyC fabulous!...The Room was comfy and quiet (with the exception of guests slamming doors)The location is wonderful. The hotel staff are accommodating, nice and sweet!...Will definately be my hotel of choice in NYC!...A short walk to Rockefeller Plaza, Colombus Circle, Times Square. Ate at Carnegie Deli everyday, as it was one block up. (the best blintzes ever)The worst part of my stay was having to leave. Can't wait to check into the London again!	
Aug 22 2008	An Absolute Gem Offers a Truly Personal Touch	My husband and I recently celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary. We decided to fly into NYC for a few days. We discovered The London in New York on luxuryhotels.com The staff were extremely attentive to every detail of our stay! From the moment we checked in, we were offered a wonderfully warm welcome and good wishes for our anniversary. Our room was prepared for our pre noon hour arrival. The bellman escorted us to our room where he explained every detail about the room and where to find amenities (incl heaven forbid the emerg exit &quot;just to be aware&quot;). The roses that my husband had arranged for me were waiting on the round coffee table as soon as we entered our suite. When the bellman asked if he could show us anything else I joked about where he was perhaps hiding our son as we hadn't travelled many times without him and missed him already. He LISTENED. After returning from an outing, we were greeted in our room with a complimentary bottle of champagne(not sparkling wine) and wonderful fresh fruit accompanied by a note that said our son was just fine and enjoying himself and wishing us the same. What a wonderful personal touch to have keyed into our humour. We also returned on another occasion to find strawberries and choc and truffles (outstanding, delicious) beautifully plated waiting for us in the vestibule area. ( they had been ordered by my brother who also said that the order was taken very efficiently) We dined that evening in the Gordon Ramsay dining room. I believe it to be the finest or certainly one of the finest experiences we have had. We are from Toronto where we have extremely fine dining restaurants and have enjoyed many. This was definitely amongst one of the best. Everything is made on the premises, even the confectionary post deserts. The service was flawless and the food quality and presentation was outstanding. We were also greeted with a 'happy anniversary' candle and truffle. Our son had ordered a bottle of wine to come to our table, and when he called in to place the order, apparently the room was quite busy and yet the sommelier took as much time to detail to our son many bottles for him to choose from. Even the last detail, which was unfortunately a miscommunication about delivering 4 boxes of truffles for us to take back home for the family was given to us complementary on account of a slight mix up. They were also delivered quickly to our suite just as we were rushing to the airport. The room and general appearance of the entire hotel was extremely clean and sparkling. The room is equipped with wonderful amenities as well.We have stayed at several NYC luxury hotels and what impressed us the most was the personal attention and caring rather than the very impersonal and independent attitude that comes through more often.Needless to say, we highly recommend the LONDON NYC and look forward to staying with them again.	
Aug 22 2008 	Loved this hotel!	We stayed at this hotel over the July 4th weekend. It is well located to Central Park, 5th Avenue, MoMa and Times Square. Subway is nearby as well.Service was pleasant on all fronts. Elevators were quick.Our room was available when we arrived at 11:30 a.m. and we were able to check in. The room was on the 46th floor and was very quiet and clean. The bathroom was spacious and bedroom was large with a dressing area. The sitting area had wood floors, a large desk and large flat screen TV. No, the sofa wasn't cushy, but how long are you sitting on it in NYC!We didn't eat in the hotel so I cannot comment on the food. Starbucks is one block away, so there is no need for a coffee maker in the room.We have no complaints with this hotel and would stay here again over the Michelangelo or Benjamin any day!	
Aug 18 2008 	Don't waste your money	When we got there around 12 pm, we were given tickets for our luggage because rooms were not available. They kept our luggage in the Foyer until 3.30 pm - makes everything look messy!!! Also you stuff can be stolen or damaged! We went to the restaurant for lunch - My husband liked the food, but it was very small portioned. There is really nothing for a vegetarian, they say they can do something - but i got a greens salad with awful dressing for starter. Then corn was good as the main course, but it had chicken broth and dessert was burned. Beer was 15+ and Cocktails are 16+. Not worth the price. The service was good.The Hotel - clean, but the decor is boring plain, its like they trying to hard to be chic. The staff is not helpful, the do not go out of their way to do anything. The doormen waited 5 min for his tip while i checked in. I mean he only took it from car to counter. When i ignored him he stood there. I did not tip him because he did not take it to my room, he did not greet me properly at all. Also that mean i have to tip the person who takes my luggage up as well!!! The staff pretty much ignores you the rest of the time!	
Aug 18 2008 	I would LIVE at The London	The London is THE best hotel I have ever stayed at in NYC...and I have stayed at many. I am extremely picky about my accommodations (not very easy to please). I travel to NY at least once every couple of months on business and have chosen The London as my New York home. I cannot say enough about this hotel. The rooms are bright, chic and comfortable all rolled into one. The bathrooms are immaculate and perfectly designed and the service is unparalleled. You will want for nothing from these wonderful people. From the doormen and housekeeping to the management of the hotel...all have a kind word and a smile..making it truly feel like a home away from home.	
Aug 16 2008 	Excelled all expectations	We spent five nights following a cruise to Canada in the London in a Vista Suite. The standard check-in is mid-afternoon but we arrived circa 10am following disembarking from the cruise looking to leave our luggage until check in time. The concierge checked if there was a room available there and then and we were taking straight up to it and checked in. The attitude and knowledge of all the staff from the guys who get you the taxis, to the luggage porters , bar and restaurant staff,etc is superb and totally professional yet inobtrusive. The restaurant is excellent and the rooms really cool. The situation of the hotel is great as it's about 5 blocks (20 blocks is about a mile) from central park south and half a mile or so north of time square - all I'll say finally is myself and the family including teenagers cannot wait to return and we are not easily impressed - a superb hotel	
Aug 16 2008 	I adore this hotel!!	I stayed at this hotel for the second time as a birthday celebration with my boyfriend. We stayed here last year for my birthday and loved it so much that we decided to book again.In regards to the first time, we received a vista suite in the light blue scheme and it was excellent. The view was a building next to us, but what do you expect when you get a hotel room in midtown Manhattan?! As for the decor, I thought it was delicate and refined. It wasn't overcrowded with furniture and it didn't look busy or overdone. The bed was amazing and I also enjoyed the openness of the bathroom showers that were opposite of each other. All in all, great enough for us to book again!The recent stay we had over-exceeded our expectations! Now, let me clarify something about people requesting particular rooms. I booked through a third party site, which has always been successful for me. However, I called the hotel to make sure my reservation included a tub. The hotel informed me that since I reserved it through a third party, I would have to contact them about the request. So, I called the third party and they called the hotel, but I was told by them that it is not 100% guaranteed. So when you put in your special requests, such as two beds, or a tub, etc., I would suggest making the reservation straight through the hotel instead of through a third party site because the third party site is not always able to put the request through.Now, as for the latest stay, we got there and Elvin (LV) was there as the front desk clerk. He was extremely nice and very cordial and when checking in I asked for a tub, and he upgraded us to a suite on the 54th floor! It was amazing. The suite had a living room, dressing area, bathroom with a tub and a bedroom with a king size bed, all over looking the south section of Manhattan with views of the river. From the ultrasueded walpaper to the slight statements of croc metallic leather accent pieces, it was a perfectly decorated, comfortable suite. The service we received was impeccable, from the maid service to the room service and everyone was extremely nice to us. We even had dinner at Maze and it was one of the best meals I have ever had. I would completely recommend going there - it is a tapas restaurant (small plates of a variety of foods) and every single plate we had was perfection. Our waitress was so attentive and nice and she even sent out some sherbert for me with happy birthday in chocolate for after we just mentioned it in conversation with her!The next day when we checked out, Elvin was there again and super nice as always, and we were able to check out bags so we could spend the afternoon in the city. He even informed us of a fair going on a block away and we had a blast there too! Now I know the prices for the food and services are steep, that I will not deny. However, with the location of the hotel being three blocks from Columbus square and Central Park, you are going to pay more than you would in a lesser known location. This is a hotel for pampering and extravagance (hence why we only stay here once a year for my b-day!), but it is fully worth the time and money! And even when it was their &quot;regular rooms&quot; they were far more spacious and relaxing that most rooms I have stayed in at NYC.	
Aug 15 2008 	Trendy But Comfortable	I have paid more to stay in far less attractive hotels in NYC. The London is tastefully appointed with spacious, clean, quiet rooms with very nice decor, ample amenities and outstanding service. Breakfast and lunch in the restaurant were excellent. If you are looking for a place to stay with a view, you may be disappointed, depending on what you like to look at -- but for those simply interested in something upscale, &quot;funky&quot; and centrally-located near the Park, Theatres, Times Square and fine dining, this will do nicely.My stay was for business, but I'm bringing my wife next time for our anniversary in September --I showed her the photos on the hotel's website and she loved it!Definitely worth a try.	
Aug 13 2008 	great location good value	We recently stayed in a 2 bedroom suite in this hotel. The bedrooms were nice and private with great views, bathroom were very nice, overall a great choice for my family of four. The cost ($650+) plus taxes is high but considering the location and quality I think it is a good value overall. Our only complaint is no coffee maker in the room and extraordinarily expensive room service and breakfast ($30-40/person for breakfast). Fortunately there are plenty of rest. nearby. Overall we were pleasantly surprised and certainly will return.	
Aug 11 2008	Just okay . . .	The new London NYC occupies the old Rhiga Royal Hotel which, when it was in its prime, offered the largest and most enjoyable rooms in NYC. It slid, unfortunately, into a tired old property, to be taken over by the management of this slick, new, stark-but-oh-so chic hotel. It's all of that (if &quot;all&quot; is the right word), but comfort seems to have been left out for style. Sit in either the white leather rocker of the blue and dappled-gold sofa in the suite area, and you will slide off of both without grace or style. Look for amenties around the room (coffee maker? phone book? bottled water at bedside?) and you will be reminded that those are not cool to have in the room. While just about everyone on staff tries hard to make the experience pleasant, it nonetheless remains clear that there is not enough staff to go around. A 10-minute wait at the concierge desk is proof enough. Convenient mid-town location, but that alone does not overcome the shortcomings.	
Aug 11 2008	Fantastic	I have read a lot of reviews on this hotel and for those of you who did not enjoy this hotel - GROW UP! My husband and I got married in New York 2 weeks ago and stayed at the London. We had a fantastic time. The hotel was the best I have ever stayed in. The bed abd bed linen (egyptian cotton) were beautiful. We wanted to put the bed in our suitacases to take home!!!!! We stayed for 2 nights in a London suite on the 23rd floor.Some people forget what its like to just get away and chill. Who cares if the bathroom is not perfect or if the art is not great - just enjoy the break people! When you work 5 days a week be glad of the pampering you get in a super hotel like this. By the way the bathroom was cool and the showers were lovely and hot and the bathrobes were fab and the mirrors were great - is that not all a woman wants!!!!!We ate at the Gordon Ramsey restaurant and it was beautiful. Food was exceptional. The breakfast was a bit overpriced but hey when your on hols who cares right. Lifts work perfect - no creaking! Concierge was very helpful in helping us find specific stores in NYC, posting info home etc. It truly was a fab hotel and my husband and I are certainly going back!	
Aug 7 2008 	The Best Midtown Hotel	This hotel takes all the midtown hassles out of what is typical of many midtown Manhattan hotels (and I have stayed at many). It is immaculate, the check-in and check-out were seamless and courteous even with a crowd in the lobby, the rooms are spacious, comfortable and quiet, the showers are awesome, and the service is prompt and courteous. It is worth the nightly rate if you must stay in midtown and if all of the above are important to you.	
Aug 4 2008 	Exceptional service - we loved the London	We stayed at the London NYC for my 40th birthday in April, and I can't praise the hotel and its staff enough. The front of desk manager was exceptional throughout the whole 4 day stay (Michelle, you are a star!), and nothing was too much trouble - we were made to feel like the most important people in the hotel. Whilst we were out downtown on our first day there, the hotel delivered to our room an iced birthday cake, fruit platter, some bottled water, a bottle of wine on ice, and a 40th birthday card, all complimentary. To get that level of thought &amp; attention at a smaller, quieter hotel would be superb - at a large, busy New York hotel, it's truly impressive.The hotel itself is beautifully appointed. As soon as you walk into the lobby, you can tell a lot of thought (and money!) has been invested into the place. Our room (on the 46th floor) was a corner suite, with views over Central Park a couple of blocks away from one side, and the Brooklyn river ahead. The views were incredible, and the suite was huge! The main living area had a very cool designer rocking chair (which our 7 year old daughter loved!), writing desk and chair, big plasma TV, electronically controlled blinds(!), and huge sofas to lounge on. The bedroom had a bed larger than some hotel rooms I've stayed in, another big plasma TV, and some cool features like an iPod speaker dock. The luxury continued into the bathroom, where the walk in shower had 2 shower heads at either end of the shower area, with a number of settings, such as to simulate rain, which after 8 hours on a plane was the perfect remedy to our travel weariness!The hotel is situated within a couple of minutes walk to Central Park and also 5th Avenue shopping (much to my wife's delight!). We didn't eat at the London, but had afternoon tea, and several large gin &amp; tonics in the bar each afternoon (well, you have to relax after all that sightseeing!) Needless to say, the service in the bar area was understated and very efficient.We booked directly with the hotel - they offer a best price guarantee, which saves the usual trawling of hotel websites to get the best deal. At the risk of sounding like an advertisement for the hotel, we wouldn't consider staying anywhere else in New York. In fact, we're in the process of planning a Christmas trip back there this year.	
Aug 2 2008 	One of my favourite hotels	Stayed in three hotels during our two weeks in the area: the Waldorf , the Michelangelo and the London NYC (in order, for the nostalgic content, for the reputation and for Ramsey). This was our favourite. The staff are (with one exception whose name I did not record...a concierge who had a &quot;can't do&quot; attitude) are fantastic. The rooms are large (we had a vista suite on the 41st floor) and extremely well appointed. I travel with a tiny Sony Vaio computer and apprecaited the built in monitor connection to the large LCD TV- bonus!). The power curtains were a nice touch, the bed very nice. The food was fantatic (we are Ramsey fans so that did colour our perspective I suppose).The much vaunted bathrooms are poorly designed and I don't care who &quot;Waterworks&quot; is! Fortunately very little time is spent in there so it really matters only a little. The sliding doors don't really close all the way. The shower is just plain silly. I am sure some well paid designer thought it looked good on paper, but a shower &quot;stall&quot; (it is large, but is still a stall) built with a foot wide gap does not function well. At first I thought maybe a panel was missing, but apparently this is the design. Sheesh, no human can shower in this thing without wading into a pool outside of the shower once done.In any event, this would be my hotel of choice on a return trip.	
Jul 31 2008 	Rubbish !!!	I booked the London NYC after changing from the Mandarin Oriental as was worried about the Trump Tower blocking views of the park etc...how i wish i'd stayed with my original choice.I booked directly with the hotel into a london vista suite with twin beds, a bath french doors on the highest floor possible, got to the hotel to be shown a room on the 37th floor with one double bed in it...not good as was with friends 20 year old daughter, went to reception to complain and was told that the suite i'd booked doesn't exist..there are no vista suites with twin beds but they then said that they could put a &quot;foldaway&quot; bed in to the room !As i was about to blow my top the manager said ok we'll give you another room so shown to that and there were 2 little single beds in it and the view was so close to the office block next door i could see the photocopying done !back down to reception and again said i was far from happy and that if they didn't sort it out once and for all then i was going to create a rather large scene out in the street about the hotel, the manager then said if we could persevere with the room for one night he would try and sort it out the next day, i said if he could promise this then we'd have a deal...he sent up some free wine and 3 nectarines !The next day i gave them the option of sorting our room problem out within 3 hours or get us another room in another hotel paid for by them, we were finally given 2 rooms next door to each other at the same price a had paid initially.I felt that i ought to have said sorry for causing a problem then thought about my conformation letter which in my eyes was a binding contract of what i'd ordered so didn't feel bad at all.Room was very nice and the beds fantastic, the shower on the other hand was a dreadful design as it didn't matter which angle you positioned the shower head you ended up soaking the floor...the housekeepers must tear out their own eyelashes in frustration !The beakfast menu was laughable, if it wasn't then we'd have cried...£4 for a half a grapefruit..£7 for a bowl of rice krispies and £7.50 for a cup of coffee !I will never go back to the hotel and have already booked into the Mandarin for November having been to the hotel and looked around the rooms...the Trump Tower is no where near as bad as people have made out, yes it's there but hey your in New York and everywhere you look theres a skyscraper.	
Jul 10 2008 	Great stay over the 4th of July	We stayed over the 4 th of July weekend and was very happy is all aspects. The sofa was a bad choice but the other features compensated for this. Great bath products, two flat screens, excellent bed. Loved the walk in shower. Our suite was on the end of the building and we had both front and rear views of Manhattan. Excellent mid-town location. We've stayed here many times before from the Righa days and this was the best stay so far.	
Jul 7 2008 	Very impressive!	We often stay at Four Seasons or equivalent properties, and the London NYC met or exceeded our expectations in NYC. Location is ideal (5 blocks from the Park, blocks from Broadway shows, great restaurants all around- you don't have to go more than a few feet!). Hardwood floors, elegant hotel, great beds, and quiet (we were on the 46th floor, right at the elevators, but no sound issue- still not sure why anyone has an elevator bell ring when there are only 3 elevators). Julie Andrews booked us, and she was superb- Four Seasons (indeed better!) service- great to work with and great followup, including just before our arrival. Front desk was good. Only criticism was the doormen, who stand around on the street and don't open doors or greet guests, but that is a nitpick indeed- that's how good the hotel is- when you have to go to this level of pickiness! We're tough customers to please, but will surely be back to the London NYC. Didn't try Gordon Ramsay's restaurant- we're fans of his, but hard to find something on the menu for teenagers!	
Jul 6 2008	Loved It	Planned a long weekend in NYC...partial work, partial girl's weekend and partial couple's weekend.Loved the hotel. A lot of room. Good ammenties. Excellent fitness center.Was treated very well by the staff. Twice given use of the house vehicle.Not cheap, but highly recommend.Also great sushi restaurant one and half blocks away from the hotel.	
Jul 3 2008 	Large Rooms Good location	The London is a very modern hotel with by NY standards huge rooms. The decor is very modern and the 2 room suite is very accomodating. I agree with the other reviews that the sofa is very uncomfortable. I found the rooms quiet. The gym is amazing. I do think they should have coffee/tea makers on request which they do not. The service to make up the rooms is very efficient. Overall a good stay.	
Jun 15 2008 	Perfect	Stayed at the London NYC last October and it was perfect from start to finish. The rooms are an unbelievable size for NY and beautifully decorated. The staff were wonderful, extremely helpful but unobtrusive. The food, whether room service, bar or restaurant, is among the best I've ever had in a restaurant and certainly blows any other hotel food out of the water. Would recommend whole heartedly and I'm going back this October.	
Jun 11 2008 	Great rooms	Excellent design and location in Midtown. The best/ largest rooms I have seen in Manhattan. Excellent staff, great concierge. The bar/ public areas can not match those of other NY hotels.	
Jun 10 2008 	Very nice .. but some room booking issues	Booked this a few weeks in advance for a girls getaway. It's difficult to find a hotel in NYC that offer two beds so I spent a lot of time searching. The London offered a two bedded room at a decent rate. I booked thru Expedia and printed my confirmation. Upon arriving at the hotel around 3pm, we were asked if we wanted a king or queen bed! I told the desk that we reserved 2 beds and that 1 bed was not acceptable as I did not want to share a bed with my friend. The manager was nice enough to explain that they have only a limited # of double bed rooms and there were a lot of families there that weekend (so be aware that you will not be guaranteed the type of bedroom you reserve). He gave us a discount on the room as it was too late for us to book anywhere else. Housekeeping was great at making the bed up with two separate sheets/blankets so in a king bed, if worked okay. They must run into this problem before as they offered to do this for us. Other than this problem the say was nice, room clean, new, nice bath and was quiet. The restaurant breakfast was good although very expensive (about $20 for eggs). Not my favorite location in the city as it's touristy, but overall may consider it again with my husband.	
Jun 6 2008 	Good choice...if you get a good rate	I just returned from a 2 night stay at the London. I had stayed at the property several times when it was the Righa, so I was well aware of the hotel's terrific location. As for the hotel, the preceeding reviews seem accurate. There are very attractive common areas and the service seemed consistently good. The rooms are spacious and very nicely appointed, especially if you like contemporary decor. That said, our rate was over $600/night and the place is not worthy of that rate. If you can get an attractive rate, you won't be disappointed. Its a 4 star property in my view, so the nightly tariff should reflect that. A couple final pros/cons: The fitness center is superb - one of the best I've seen at a non-spa hotel. The restaurant (Gordon Ramsey's) is flawed and very expensive. I won't go into details, but NYC has far too many great restaurants, especially for the price. Settle for drinks in the bar and go somewhere else.	
Jun 5 2008 	a great Hotel in any standards	The London is a great Hotel in any standards! The rooms are very very specious and well designed The bed is soft and comfortableThe service is welcoming and pleasantContinental Breakfast is fresh and richAnd the location is perfect!!! Just less than 5 minutes walk from the central park, 5th avenue’s great shops, time square….We stayed 5 nights and looking forward to come back again.Last but not least the concierge service was outstanding – prior to our arrival all the restaurant reservations were made in fast and efficient manner!	
Jun 4 2008	Great Hotel would definitely stay again!	We stayed at the London for one night and had a great experience. The hotel staff was superb and made us feel like queens. The bellhop gave us about a 10 minute tour of our suite and didn't miss a thing. We were thrilled to find out that we had a pretty large suite for the regular room price. While it is still a bit pricey there, it's definitely worth the extra money.The location is great - an easy walk to wherever you want to go (Rockefeller Ctr, etc) and they let us store our bags for a few hours after checkout to see some sites. Superb hotel all around.	
May 30 2008 	Fantastic	I booked a London Suite for the Memorial Day Weekend (4 nights in total) and was very pleasantly surpised by the value for money of this hotel. I had a suite on the higher floors that overlooked Central Park West, the George Washington Bridge and a bit of the Hudson River. The suite (a large living area seperated by double doors from a sleeping area) has free wi-fi, so I was able to dowload my favourite podcasts and play them through the ipod dock provided in the room.The bathroom was comfortable with a nice walk-in shower with massive shower head (no bathtub). A dressing area seperated the bedroom from the bathroom.The room was very quiet and because you can close the bedroom doors (to the living room), you can shut out the noise you sometimes get from most hotel corridors.The location was fantastic - 1.5 blocks east from 5th Ave shopping, 1.5 blocks west away from Broadway/Times Sq, 3 blocks south from Central Park.The gym is one of the best and nicest private hotel gyms I've been to in any hotel.The staff were efficient and polite.I didn't try room service or the restaurant because of comments on this site - but you're in Midtown, so there are plenty of places to eat nearby at any time of the day or night.I'm back to New York for business in June and have booked myself in to the London.	
May 28 2008 	Great location but far from perfect	We stayed at the London NYC over Memorial Day weekend. First the good stuff---the hotel is very chic, modern, clean and in a GREAT location for theatre and general sightseeing. We had requested a non-smoking room and these days, I assume when you request that----they whole floor would be non-smoking. The hotel does have smoking rooms and it didn't appear sold out so ,I don't know why people wouldn't just request a smoking room if they smoke? In any case, we walked off the elevator and it was actually cloudy in the hall. For someone who hates cigaratte smoke the way I do, it was disgusting. We went out sightseeing for a while after checking in and when we returned it was a bit better so we decided not to change rooms. Late at night it got worse again. The other issue is the noise. The windows don't appear to be soundproofed so if you're a light sleeper, request a high floor or don't stay here.	
May 28 2008 	Lovely Hotel - Concierge a Complete Joke	We stayed for a 3 night stay in May and I had a few problems before arriving - the concierge &quot;forgot&quot; to book our table at Gordon Ramsay's and although I nearly cancelled my room (as I complained via e-mail regarding the restaurant booking and didn't get a response) it was still the best value for money, and talking with room request was assured that my restaurant booking would be taken care of.When we arrived we were met by a wonderful porter who showed us to our room. Which was fantastic the room was big for NYC standards and I had requested a high floor with bath which were both met (49th floor overlooking a slightly blocked central park). The first nights food was wonderful in Gordon Ramsay's and we had a bottle of wine and fruit left in our room complimentary (corkscrew forgotten though).As we were having 2 different packages we had to check out and check back in on day 2, this is where it all started to get confusing for the staff. They had debited the full amount from our credit card after the first night although we were paying cash. I had called down as requested before advising room service to start getting our picnic basket ready (that was the package). I was then put through to someone else who commented that they had already spoken to Jason regarding this and they didn't know the price of it - I was now starting to get baffled. I had to explain that I was in fact the guess and it was free as it was a package that had been booked.45 minutes later we arrived downstairs and went to Concierge requesting the basket. Concierge got on the phone and made a few calls commenting all the time that this was a new package on offer (no it has been on their website for 8 or so months clearly I am the first to order) I was told that it would be another 10 minutes. So my husband and I had a coffee in maze and after 20 minutes went back to concierge, this time we were told it would be another 30 minutes - so we made the decision to go shopping and come back and get it later. When we did it was lovely - although it took another 15 minutes to locate it by concierge who thought it had been delivered to our room but hadn't also we were asked if we would be having it in our room - why would we want a picnic in our room in 23 degree heat a couple of blocks from central park?We asked for the address of 2 different places both of which Concierge got the addresses wrong for - the second was a cab ride and they were 10 blocks out!!.The second day we had breakfast included and went to the restaurant to have it - to which we were told we would be charged for as it was only in room dining that was included - even after saying we wouldn't have the bottle of champagne that was included they still wanted us to go 49 floors up to our room to order it - in the end reception said she would clear the post off our bill so we wouldn't be charged but the following morning we would need to take the more expensive champagne breakfast from out room, of course she forgot to remove the total from our bill. Th champagne breakfast was superb in our room on the last morning and we should have had that on the Sunday morning also as it was much nicer - 45 minutes though is a long time to wait for smoked salmon and scrambled eggs though.This Hotel has got so many things right - the location, the room size, the room gadgets (electronic blinds, curtains and ipod decking stations) the bathrooms, the room service staff, Gordon Ramsay at the London Restaurant. But concierge is a complete joke they can't even book at table at the restaurant in their own hotel, they can't get addresses right for directions, they can't organise a picnic hamper with room service (it was on their clipboard to organise). The check in staff are moody and stand offish - such a shame such a fantastic hotel, I would stay again but just never deal with concierge and have minimal contact check-in and out with reception.	
May 27 2008 	Good Show Old Chap!	Stayed at The London over Memorial Day weekend, and found much to like at this renovation of the Righa Royale. The location is great, as within a 10-minute walk you can reach such top attractions as Central Park, the Time-Warner Center, 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Center, and &quot;Wicked&quot;. Only had to take one cab, and that was because I was running late. There's not too much in the way of public areas, except for a sensational gym. The lobby is really just a long hallway with high ceilings and a check-in desk. No lounging, etc. The bar is located in the restaurant, so it's not a lobby bar proper. Had lunch at &quot;Maze&quot;, which offered exceptional food at three courses for $35. The lobster risotto is utterly superb. The $35 is a great deal, until you splurge on a couple of cocktails, then with tax and tip you have an $86 lunch. Still memorable, with attentive service from reservations through the waitstaff and a pleasant room. Drinks are expensive, just like everywhere else in New York, which is firmly the land of the $20 drink [and $10 beer!] I had a fine check-in experience, with the agent communicating with housekeeping to find me a room that was ready at 10:30 am, which was fantastic. I did receive an escort to the room, with a room tour, ice service, and a personal fridge brought to the room--the minibar has no room for personal items, and it's one of those weight-sensitive set-ups, so if you so much as leave a fingerprint in there, it charges you.How do I describe the room decor? Try to stay with me here--they look like crash pads co-designed by Austin Powers and a French prostitute. Thus, you have a three-armed torch lamp and a round reflective metal wall piece side-by-side with a three-sided burgundy velvet sofa in the living area. Somehow, this all works and is distinctive rather than horrifying. The bedroom [through French doors] is more reserved and traditional, with very comfortable linens and mattress. The windows in both rooms open slightly, so that you can hear the cacophany of honking from all those drivers solving the city's traffic woes with their horns. There's no closet; clothes storage is on a large free-standing rack with drawer space below. There's an iPod dock, good lighting, and wall switches for the sheers and curtains. I found the Waterworks bathroom to be a little stark--all white, and sort of narrow, so it feels kind of like being inside an egg. The tub's a bit short and the shower door doesn't meet the back side, so there's an open gap. It's obviously deliberate, but I'm not sure what the point was. If you want style and luxury at a slightly more bearable price than some of the topmost properties around town, try here. I compared The London to other places I've been--St. Regis, Peninsula, Four Seasons, Mandarin Oriental, and Ritz-Carlton--and it was from $130 to $270 less per night during my stay. It doesn't have quite the effortless grace and refined elegance of those hotels, but it does still have a lot to offer.Couple of other New York notes:--The Whole Foods at Time-Warner Center is a great stop for a tasty, quick sandwich or salad at lunch--The Peninsula's redesign of its rooftop bar, now called Salon de Ning, is terrific. [Though see note above about the land of the $20 cocktails.]--&quot;South Pacific&quot; at Lincoln Center is hypnotic and wonderful.	
May 26 2008 	The London: solid 4-star value	The London is a 4-star hotel at less than typical NYC prices and that's a winning combination in my book. The London is NOT a 5-star hotel and you're not paying for that so expect a few soft spots here and there. We paid around $500/nt for a one bedroom suite for my wife and two small children. I consider this to be a good value. What you'll like about the London:Excellent fit and finish. Clean, modern, shiny and functional. The rooms are spacious with comfortable bedding, flat screen TV's, nice closets, good lighting and easy internet connectivity.The gym is state-of-the-art - outstanding. Lots of cardio machines, Life Fitness stations, Bosu and swiss balls. Excellent.Curbside help is on top of it; very effective, always there to lend a hand. Front desk gave us early check-in and late check-out and responded to anything we asked for in a timely and helpful way. Food in the restaurant was very good. Close to or equal to what you get at places like the FS or RC. Location off 7th at 54th puts you in a perfect spot to walk up to Central Park or down to Times Square, without feeling the hustle and bustle that you get closer to Times Square.What you won't like about the London:Prices in the restaurant and bar are very high. Service was sub-par for those prices and you tend to feel a little cramped even though the design and layout are appealing.I like a lobby (or lobby lounge) that lets you spread out, sit on a sofa or wing back chair and chill out. Like several NYC hotels, there is no room for this at the London and that's too bad.Overall, I would call the London comperable to the Sofitel as a nice 4-star value and would recommend it highly.	
May 21 2008 	The London @ New York	The London NYC. Where to start? So much to talk about. So I booked a London Suite on the hotel's website. First of all it's the easiest hotel website I've ever visited. Took me less than 10 minutes to read about the hotel, check the different suites and book mine.So I got to the hotel in a cab. The doorman opens the door for me and wow, what a shock! Italian mob style (in a positive way). All dressed in black well cut suit, coat and hat. I barely had time to pay the cab driver, that the doorman, welcomes me using my name!!!! Gold star to the doorman. As soon as I got in the London lobby, I felt I was somewhere else than the stressful New York we all know. Hey, I had to stop for a few seconds in the middle of the lobby just to enjoy the good smell, the perfect lighting, the relaxing lounge music and the nice painting behind the front desk. So I get to the desk to check in and the young girl behind the desk tells me it is not possible to check in before 3pm (check in time). Almost 600 suites and you can't accommodate a guest who comes in a couple of hours before? I asked to talk to the manager and a young man with a funny french accent came to the rescue. He found me a suite they call a corner suite on a high floor with a beautiful view of the Hudson River and Central Park and told me it'll be ready in half an hour. He explained me all the hotel amenities and invited me for a drink at the bar so I wouldn't have to wait under the rain. 30 minutes later, who comes back? The french guy with my keys. What a treatment. He escorted me to my suite, followed by the bellman and my bags. And what a suite. Separate bedroom from living room, big bathroom, 2 tvs. The interior designer not very inspired the day he worked on the hotel plans but it's still great. Gold star to the French guy. Made my day wonderful until I ordered dinner in my suite. I had to wait over 45 minutes for the wrong order to come up. Let's talk about the food. Part 1, Room Service or in other words In Room Dining, not really interesting. Small portions. Added cost. Long wait. Forget about it. You're in New York. Ask the concierge, they'll send you somewhere. Part 2 of the dining experience at the London. Difficult to get a table in the Gordon Ramsay restaurant. Stayed 4 nights in the hotel and got a table at the casual dining once at 5:30... My advice, try to book a table in the restaurant long time in advance.Well, if you want a nice relaxing large room in a well located hotel in Manahattan, you know where to go: The London; and for the food? Ask the blond guy at the Concierge desk. He's got some good contacts.	
May 17 2008 	Jawdropping Impressive	Enjoyed 2 fantastic nights with my girlfriend in April 2008 prior to boarding the QE2. I knew i was not going to be disappointed as the hotel had been recommended by a very discerning English friend. Our room was on the 25 floor and was a &quot;London Suite&quot;. I did not expect it to be a &quot;real&quot;suite,that is 2 separate rooms. The beds were incredibly comfortable with a quilted matress sheet. There was a dressing room area, and a bathroom with a double walk in shower. The staff could not have been nicer which was just as well as we arrived around midnight and i was not in the mood for hastle. The conceirge service was very helpful as my girlfriend had a list of shops to visit in a very busy 2 day schedule. The hotel is incidently excellently positioned for shopping and sightseeing. The downstairs restaurant and bar is mixed together which is a bit odd. That being said the full afternoon tea was fantastic and the lightest scones i have ever tasted (Mr Ramsey's reciepe i wondered) and breakfast was excellent. No vast portions thank godness for English appetites.There aren't many hotels that i can say i would like to rush back to but the London was one of them.	
May 16 2008 	Trendy and Spacious but NOT worth the Attitude and Lack of Service.	My husband &amp; I stayed at The London for 3 weeks in April, 2008. We are very familiar with Manhattan hotels &amp; apartments and this hotel definitely provides very spacious rooms for the price. The majority of rooms are suites and the square footage listed on the website is not an exaggeration. We stayed in a London Suite and had over 500 sq ft - Large living room with couch, desk &amp; chair, separate area for mini bar &amp; flat screen tv. Mirrored french doors separated it from the Bedroom which had its own flat screen. The bathrooms are huge. The bed &amp; linens are very comfortable. We had a 3rd guest for one weekend &amp; there was more than enough space for the 3 of us. (We asked for a cot because the couch is more decorative then comfortable) (Some people may be interested to know - there is No tea / coffee maker in the room, no chocolates at turndown, no newspapers delivered to your door. ) As other guests have noted - there are always mysterious mini bar charges on the bill. Check your folio daily to make sure you haven't been charged. Finally we had our mini bar locked by the manager to avoid any future debates because the charges kept adding up despite the fact we hadn't used the mini bar once! The majority of the London Suites have No View or Light because they face an office building directly across the street. The best rooms are across the hall facing uptown, but there are no London Suites on the upper floors of that side. If you don't mind upgrading you should insist on a high floor &amp; will have amazing views of Central Park &amp; the GW Bridge! High floor, corner rooms on 7th Avenue have great Hudson River &amp; NJ views.Very limited room service menu &amp; very small portions. I wasn't overly impressed by the food even though they are all Gordon Ramsey restaurants. Room Service trays often line the hallways - sometimes for almost 24hrs. Housekeeping staff will not take no for an answer if you don't want your room cleaned - if you have a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign up - they will still continue to call repeatedly early in the morning! We requested a refrigerator because we were staying for so long, it broke. No others were available, but the next morning at 7am a member of staff showed up at our door. 7am is a bit early to be knocking on someone's hotel room door. We were also double charged for dry cleaning. Seems like the hotel has poor management.If the gym is important to you - you will be very satisfied. It's open 24hr a day and is no extra charge. Free water bottles &amp; earphones. Very modern machines - both cardio &amp; weights - very spacious &amp; clean gym. I have no complaints in this area.While I was very impressed by the size &amp; decor of the rooms and overall ambience of the hotel - I was extremely disappointed in the lack of service and attitude of staff. Everyone from the front desk attendants to the waitresses were extremely arrogant. I was told to hurry up during my afternoon tea (which I had mad a reservation for) because they wanted the table for another reservation - even though the restaurant was practically empty &amp; I hadn't even been there an hour! Getting a waitress to order drinks at the London Bar takes at least 30 minutes and even then you are approached with an attitude. The specialty drink menu is not worth the wait or the price. I'm a native New Yorker &amp; used to trendy places, but the attitude here overpowers the &quot;coolness&quot;.After 3 weeks of dealing with the attitudes of staff I could not wait to check out. I realized that the arrogance &amp; lack of quality service could not be masked by David Collin's beautiful interior design. If you are looking for a trendy hotel &amp; can look past the extremely rude staff, poor management &amp; lack of quality service than you may like The London. If you expect to be greeted with a smile &amp; treated like a paying guest - I would NOT recommend this hotel.	
May 14 2008 	Great location Even Better Hotel	Great location, great hotel and even better staff. We stayed at The London for three nights recently and will definately be coming back. The location is perfect for a broadway show or to dine at some great restaurants! Carnegie Hall, Central Park and MOMA are literally minutes away. Check in was smooth and efficient and the concierge Jarod was an encyclopedia of NYC ! We ate at fantastic restaurants, saw 2 broadway shows and had a great time in the Meatpacking district (a must for night clubs!). The rooms were spacious with beautiful hard wood floors and a fantastic dual shower. The views of central park are nice, although the higher floors are preferred for our next visit. We can't wait to visit again during the summer when we can try Gordon Ramsay.	
Apr 29 2008 	wonderful!	Great location, spacious suites, modern feel, great bathroom and amenities. I loved this hotel and hope to go back again.	
Apr 28 2008 	Loved the London	We recently stayed at the London on a recommendation from a friend. From the start, we were pleased with everything. We were in NYC for a wedding, and I called ahead to request an early check-in. the front desk person- jason, was very attentive and helpful and said that he didn't think it would be a problem, and suggested we call ahead that day. We did, reached jason again, and were told everything was all set. Indeed, it was.Our room, a regular London suite, was wonderful. I would guess it was about 500 sq ft. with a separate living area. Modern, but livable and nicely appointed, The LR had hardwood floors and the BR had carpeting- I liked that . French doors separated the 2 rooms. The bathroom was narrow and long and worked well for us. It did take quite a while for the water in the shower to heat up, but that was not a huge deal. As another poster stated, the room was very quiet. We were very comfortable- loved the bed, loved the pillows, I even fell asleep on the stiff sofa in the living room, so it must not have been that uncomfortable.We often look at suite hotels for travel with our daughter who is still in a crib. The London would work wonderfully for us, as we would have had plenty of room for a pack n play in the LR.Afternoon tea was part of our package through Amex and it was lovely. My waitress was excellent -- when she noticed my tea looked weak, she went and got me a new pot. I was ready to give her an extra tip when i was told that the gratuity was included in the package- so she did it just to be nice, not for an extra tip, which impressed me. The scones were unbelievable. I don't particularly love that area-- it's a little too close to the theatre district for my tastes, but it was very close to central park and 5th avenue, so i can't really complain.The only negative i can think of is the parking charge-- $55. next time we will self park in a nearby lot, as there are many of them.	
Apr 23 2008 	Stay at the hotel but avoid the restaurant.	I just got back from a four night stay at The London NYC. I was traveling with my parents, so we had a two bedroom suite. We all enjoyed the hotel very much (though we agreed that they do some things better than others) and would highly recommend it. First, the lobby is beautiful. It isn't large, nor is it a place to hang out (there aren't even any chairs there), so you can't sit around enjoying drinks with friends. But it is a nice place to meet friends before going out for the evening. Our room was clean and beautifully designed. The sofa in the living area is not built for lounging. It isn't the sort of sofa you sink into, but is instead a bit formal. The genius of the sofa (which was curved and built into the wall like a banquette) is that it works in combination with the coffee table in front of it to create two entirely different rooms. With the table at coffee table height, you have a nice living room area. But the coffee table can be adjusted to raise it to the height of a dining room table so that your living room suddenly becomes a dining room if you want to eat in. It's genius!There were wood floors in the living room.The beds at The London NYC were super comfortable. If you, like me, are allergic to down pillows, you know that when you ask for the pillows in your room to be replaced with synthetic, what you usually get is a hard, uncomfortable piece of foam. Not so at the London NYC. The synthetic pillows they brought to my room were just as comfortable as down. I hate climbing into the bed only to find that the sheets are a poly-cotton blend. The all cotton sheets at the London NYC did not disappoint.The bathrooms in our room were beautifully designed. Tile covered all the walls from floor to ceiling and was an attractive pale blue color that matched the rest of the room. The tile was sort of rough (I think it is called 'tumbled tile') and had a hand-finished look. In the larger of the two bedrooms there was a double shower and double sink. Both of the rooms had great shower heads with plenty of water pressure along with a handshower. There were bath products (shampoo, conditioner, body lotion and bath gel) from Waterworks.One thing we noticed about the hotel was how quiet it was. Granted, we were on the 39th floor, but there was almost no noise at all from the corridor either. I finally realized that the walls in the hallway were not painted, but instead had been wallpapered with a velvet-like fabric that I'm sure absorbed noise.The staff was polite and attentive. I wanted some clothes to be laundered in house and brought to my room so they could hang to dry and the hotel graciously accommodated me.The London NYC is about five blocks from Central Park and about two blocks from the Museum of Modern Art and close to Broadway plays. I hate Times Square, but you gotta admit it is convenient if you are there to see plays.While we enjoyed our stay overall, we all agreed that the restaurant (owned by Gordon Ramsey, a celebrity chef from London) was pretentious and had an odd menu. Now, I'll readily admit that I am not an adventurous eater, but artichoke soup with frog legs...gag! And carpaccio of tuna and swordfish...or veal sweetbreads...double gag!!! The portions are extremely small, so you are encouraged to order several items and share if you want. The problems was, we couldn't find anything on the menu that appealed. Half the menu was cold food. I should have figured it out when I ordered a fish dish from the cold side of the menu, but I wasn't paying attention and what I got was basically sushi (which I *loathe*). I didn't eat it, and they never offered to remove it from the menu.Room service was also ludicrously expensive. I ordered one order of pancakes, three scrambled eggs and a diet coke and the bill was $60. I know I was in Manhattan, but wow! My advice is to stay at the hotel...it is comfortable, stylish and convenient...but avoid the restaurant and eat elsewhere.	
Apr 21 2008 	Splendid!	We were in town for the weekend and chose the London based on several recommendations --we were not disappointed. It was fantastic. The location is just perfect. Near EVERYTHING! The place is clean, beautifully decorated and the staff -- wonderful. The suite was on the 35th floor so zero noise. We had cocktails in the bar -- service was great at the bar and the drinks were great too. We had snacks at the tables in the lounge --service was snailish but not bad enough to dampen our mood. We had breakfast included in our room rate -- $379 per night in a suite in NY? seriously amazing value! The food was very good. We didn't eat in the restaurants however -- maybe next time..but honestly with such a great location, there are so many options. Would stay here again in a heartbeat. It really is that good:)	
Apr 19 2008 	Spacious room (too modern) and attentive staff	INCREDIBLE room service. Chef Gordon Ramsey's London restaurant is downstairs. Very great location in the city. Walking distance to Times Square and the theater.The ONLY con is the uncomfortable couch in the living area. Low back with no armrests - hotel rooms should be function first and design second. But, the room itself is incredible.Highly, highly recommended.	
Apr 15 2008 	Liked this place	My wife and I stayed at the London NYC for four nights in early April 2008. We are frequent visitors to New York from Ireland (we have been there twice a year for the last five years or so) and we have generally stayed at the Waldorf=Astoria (although the first time we stayed at the UN Plaza Hotel and wouldn't recommend that).As we were travelling this time with my sister-in-law, we wanted to get a two-bedroom suite and the LondonNYC seemed to offer the best price (I think it was $917++ per night). We generally stay in a one-bedroom king suite in the WA at about $750++ per night so the charge seemed reasonable.The day before the trip I started to get cold feet about the hotel as many of the reviews on TripAdvisor seemed to be negative, especially those reviews which mentioned that the hotels PR people had been making up positive reviews on the site. When I checked last minute (ie 27 hours before check-in) the price of the two-bedroom suite had dropped slightly and I even found the WA had two-bedroom suites at $100 less per night. I almost changed but decided it would be too much hassle bearing in mind my sister-in-law was travelling from London. In retrospect, I am glad that I didn't change the reservation as the hotel was excellent. The location was absolutely superb - much better than the WA - especially as my wife and I like to shop in midtown and the hotel is very close to the heart of Fifth Avenue. It was also quite close to Central Park and Columbus Circle was only a short distance away. The hotel itself has a relatively modest lobby which does not provide any opportunities for sitting and relaxing unlike the WA. However, it is quite personable and I found the staff helpful and approachable. We used the services of the concierge just the once (to arrange a minivan to take us and our extra luggage to the airport) and this was accomplished with a minimum of fuss. We also asked for a travel power adapter as we had left our own at home and this was provided immediately and with no fuss (we had the same problem last year at the WA and ended up having to buy one from the gift shop - bit irritating).The bar is quite any attractive space and was lively in the evenings. I felt it was a very pleasant aspect of the hotel. The service was a bit patchy and some of the food service was slow. We had bar food on three occasions and I wouldn't rave about it although it was alright. Can't really comment on prices but they seemed okay.The room itself was quite nice - the two-bedroom suite is actually a one-bedroom suite with an associated queen room. The two rooms are accessed by the one external door which opens into a small hallway off the hotel corridor which then has two doors, one leading into each room. I imagine that when the rooms are rented seperately the external door is left open. We took the suite and my sister-in-law had the queen room.I was initally a bit disappointed with the room as it was smaller than our WA room (although at approx $450 per night for the one-bedroom part of the suite on its own it compares very favourably with the WA suite). However, as the stay went on I grew to like the room a lot. My wife, who generally dislikes modern interiors, really liked the room and was very comfortable and happy with it. The bathroom especially was excellent with two showers (no bath) and a very nice washbasin set up. However, the door from the bathroom to the bedroom was a slide-over and wouldn't stay shut. Although annoying, it wasn't much of a problem as the door itself didn't open directly out into the bedroom but rather to the closet area. However, I can imagine this being a problem for some people. We didn't bother complaining or trying to have it fixed. The closet area was a bit sparse for a room of this size. The closet unit itself was a mobile unit with open sides and relatively little storage space. They have room to make a larger closet in the space and this would enhance the room.The bathrobes were excellent - I'm a big guy and this was the first hotel bathrobe that actually fitted me for many years.The in-room entertainment was average with an ipod clock-radio and plasma screen televisions. The work desk was quite good and, in contrast to another review on this site, I found the chair to be pretty comfortable.The bed was excellent although a little bit on the soft side for me. The room also had a safe which is a feature missing in the WA.I used the gym on three occasions and found it to be excellent - streets ahead of the WA. I think the hotel must have access to a pool as well as there was a suggestion in the hotel guide that the concierge could arrange this quite easily.We didn't use room service so can't comment. The turndown service was exactly what you would expect of a hotel of this standard.When on holidays we always eat breakfast in the hotel but on this occasion we felt the pricing was quite steep for what was on offer (a bowl of cornflakes for $14??). We generally had a light breakfast in the Metro Cafe across the street or in the Irish Pub which was excellent and very reasonable.All in all I feel this is an excellent four-star hotel (I think it's four-star) and would compare very favourably with many of the five-star hotels we have stayed in around the world. It wouldn't be up to Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental standards but wouldn't be in these price brackets anyway.I would recommend anyone to stay in the LondonNYC to experience something quite civilised.	
Apr 14 2008	What a great hotel!	Just back from this great ilttle gem in midtown manhattan. Have no negatives about this hotel - food, rooms, location, service etc all excellent. We will be back!	
Apr 7 2008	Great Hotel!	I stayed at the London for a long weekend and it was amazing! Great location, within walking distance of all the great shops. We saw two Broadway shows and walked to those as well. All the staff were great, friendly, etc. Our room was fantastic. If you like your hotel room to have a more modern, different-than-all-the-others design, you will love the rooms here! The bathroom was great (2 showers), comfortable bed, plenty of space. I love the suite layout, its like having your own apartment. We ate breakfast a few mornings in their restaurant, it was very good. We also had the afternoon tea, and that was great as well. I would recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Apr 3 2008 	Best in NYC - Look no further!	I can't say enough amazing things about this hotel - the rooms, the service, the location - oh, did I mention the service?? I was in NYC for business for over 3 weeks and this hotel made the whole thing possible. The rooms have a spacious living area (particularly great for a woman having meetings and wanting a separate space)... and I can honestly say in 3 weeks not one thing went wrong with the heavy service demands I had. Not a missed call, or a lost fax, or slow baggage, or anything. Even the stuff that usually can be so annoying - like housekeeping checking when they can make up the room - is handled graciously.The only negative I can mention, in case it is important to you, is the room service which is from a pricey restaurant located on the property. There is nothing much that can be done about it - super expensive and I found it not so appealing.But the hotel seems to be aware of that, they can provide an in-room fridge for free for your own snacks and, of course, being midtown new york, there is food just steps from the front door.It is usually virtually impossible to find a hotel in a major city that is as practical for business as it is comfortable to stay in for a vacation. The London is it - walking distance to everywhere you would want to be, great business service, and beds/linens that make you want to stay in and sleep a whole day! In fact, I was supposed to go away for one of the weekends I was in the area, and chose to stay at The London instead and relax like a tourist.I will stay there whenever I am in NY - if they will let me (I ask for a lot when I am working!). Don't miss the chance if you can get it. All of my friends and colleagues who saw the room or experienced the service commented on how special it was for a midtown Manhattan hotel.	
Mar 28 2008 	You Must Stay Here!	We booked this for our 30th anniversary and therefore wanted it to be perfect. I looked to Trip Advisor before I booked and some of the comments made me think maybe I should book somewhere else. I am so glad we didn't. The hotel rooms (London Suite), the Gordon Ramsay restaurant, the staff, all were amazing. We were very well looked after. The only thing that could have made it better would have been a meeting with Gordon!	
Mar 25 2008 	Highly recommended	This hotel is 5 mins stroll to Central Park, Broadway, Times Square and 5th Avenue. Perfect location in my view.The rooms as everyone else has said are all suites, very spacious, very clean and we had no problems with noise (we were on 11th floor)Bar seems to be a place &quot;to be seen&quot; with prices to match. Didn't try the restaurant as wanted to eat out and about, advise booking ahead as being a resident holds no sway in reserving a table.Only complaint would be the room service charges. On top of the already hefty room service menu prices there is a &quot;for your convenience&quot; 17.5% room service charge and 10 dollars per person service charge. Quite a shock when signing for 2 coffees in you room! Seemed like being blatantly ripped off.Asked the doorman for a breakfast restaurant reservation as we were up early due to the time difference etc and he immediatley responed with a place called Park Central, just around the block. This is not to be recommended, food was terrible and seemed a lazy recommendation in our view as the Carnegie Deli was just as close and much better as we later found ( go early as queues from 11.00am are massive as are the portions beware!)Good bar next door &quot;Faces and Places&quot; Irish bar just around the corner on 7th Ave shows premiership football for those of us interested, good atmosphere, bit cheeky charging 10 dollars cover charge but seemed only place around so see what he's done there!If going up Empire State - my tip is to buy the Express pass online before you go (costs an additional 20 dollars) but I got through the massive queues at 8.00am to be on the observation deck on my own. Probably saved me 2 hours queuing I reckon!Good bar in greenwich village &quot;1849&quot; great food and live music every night.Stay at the London, you won't be disappointed and reasonable room rate for class hotel.	
Mar 24 2008 	Really enjoyed the London	We just returned from a three night stay at the London NYC. We had a total of five people so we reserved two rooms. We arrived in New York at noon so we checked to see if we could drop off our luggage before beginning our sightseeing. They had one room ready for us. The other room was ready when we returned that late afternoon. Both rooms were large and very clean. The bathrooms did not have a tub but they had great showers. The pulsating shower head had great pressure and felt great on muscles that were sore from walking. The beds were so comfortable, including the rollaway that we used for our teenage son. The price was alittle higher then we wanted to pay, but overall it was a great stay. The staff were friendly and helpful. One doorman in particular really hustled to get us a cab when we were going to the airport. Fifth avenue had closed unexpectedly and the street was gridlocked. He loaded our bags on a cart, rolled it down the block to seventh avenue and found us a cab. We got to the airport on time! We would stay there again.	
Mar 23 2008 	Had a great time	We were there March 18-22nd. We were there for both business and pleasure and had a great time. The location is great, you are so close to everything. The room was very spacious and overall the hotel was very nice. The room was extremely clean. The service from the hotel employees was also outstanding. We had a drink and lite eats in the bar one evening and that was just so so. The service was not that great and the food mediocre. Maybe they were just having an off night. Overall though, we had a great time and would definitely stay again.	
Mar 23 2008 	exceptional hotel for nyc with one exception	This would be the perfect hotel for NYC if guarantee as to room type is not critical. I booked the property online for a Friday night stay and then contacted hotel directly, twice, to verify I had 2 beds as traveling with teenage daughter. I was told no problem. When we got to the hotel, the rude deskclerk told me they only had 1 queen. I told her I had spoken twice to confirm and she said they never guarantee. I was pretty angry but then another guest overheard me and told me to talk to Guest Services, as his room requests had been ignored too. I spoke to Lazaro Rivero, who was very ,very nice about the matter. He could not change the room, but he did give me a decent credit, while reiterating they do not guarantee room types. Other than the desk clerk, everyone else in the hotel was very friendly and helpful. They even gave me a 1 hr late checkout, which can be difficult to get in NYC on a weekend. The room itself was beautiful and immaculate. As described before, there is a separate bedroom and then a large living area. We did have a cot (though uncomfortable) in that area. The bathroom was large, with shower only, but had nice amenities. Housekeeping was fine, with nightly service as well. They promptly delivered a toothbrush when contacted for one. The location for this hotel cannot be beat- about a block from Fifth Avenue (a short walk gets you to 57th and the great stores), and only a block as well from Stage or Carnegie Deli. Times Sq and Broadway are a short cab ride away. Room service for breakfast was delivered on time and was very good. Free copies of the NYTimes are ;provided on each floor. There are restaurants off the lobby -the upscale Gordon Ramsey restaurant and his more moderate priced one . (We did not eat there as we love the 21 Club and Sardi's pre and post theatre. Great food, service and atmosphere at both) The hotel also has a nice bar. Drink prices are typical for a NYC hotel. I would highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for an upscale facility and guarantee as to bed type is not a problem. The rates being offered are exceptional for NYC right now as well- there is also a AAA discount. By the way, as to any noise problem, they deliver ear plugs at night, but we were on the 8th floor, facing 54th St., and had absolutely no problem with noise.Thanks again, Lazaro!	
Mar 9 2008	The Best Hotel In NYC	I LOVE THIS HOTEL!!Service- ExcellentRoom- Phenominal!Resteraunt- Perfecto!Everything Else- WonderfulWhen I woke up I pressed a button on this remote and the curtains opened to a wonderful view of NYC! I would recomend this hotel to ANYONE!! Chrissy Taylor	
Mar 7 2008 	Beautiful modern decor 	I stayed at this hotel for one night and wish I could have spent more time. My room was not really a room, but a beautiful, modern suite with a living room, a bedroom, a hallway and a bath. The bathroom did not have a tub, but had a huge walk-in glass shower with two separate shower heads on different ends of the shower stall: one a regular shower and another -- one of those rain showers (that's the one I tried). The bedding was luxurious and new, the mattress-perfect firmness. There were two flat-screen TVs -- one in the bedroom, one in the living room. The bedroom also had an iPod docking station --very useful. I tried room service twice -- once at night for tea and dessert (it arrived very quickly and the ice cream -- coffee, salted almond, and ginger --was superb; the tea service included a very large pot of water, which I liked, that was so well-insulated that the water was still very hot the following morning); and once more the following morning. I got an eggwhite omelet and a madagascan vanilla yogurt with tea. The omelet was tasty and kept me full through lunch. The yogurt could have used a bit of sweetness -- it was tasty, but very neutral --other than seeing vanilla specks in it, I could not really taste it. The breakfast arrived on time, which was important for me because I had a pretty busy day.The checkout -- through the TV in the room -- was quick.Overall, I loved the modern, sleek decor, and thought the location was great.Unfortunately I did not get to eat downstairs at Gordon Ramsay's restaurant, but there's always another time.Give this hotel a try -- you will not be disappointed.	
Feb 26 2008 	Wonderful hotel!	We just returned from a weekend at the London Hotel. The experience was wonderful. Our room, which was a Vista Suite on the 45th floor, had an incredible view. We could see Central Park, with the George Washington Bridge in the distance. At night the city lights were beautiful. We had stayed at the Park Hyatt in Tokyo recently, and the view of Manhattan from our room at the London was comparable to the Tokyo view we had from our very high-end room at the Park Hyatt. Our London Hotel room was a suite - a good sized bedroom, well designed dressing area, and separate living room. The large windows overlooking the city added to the expansive feeling. We loved the decor - contemporary but not stark. Also loved the switches which automatically opened and shut the curtains!Service at the London was flawless and professional from beginning to end. We enjoyed breakfast at the hotel both days. The food was excellent. We are experienced travelers, and felt the service everywhere in the hotel was five star quality. We felt we really got a wonderful value (surprising in NY). Location was superb - we walked to Central Park, the Frick, an art show at the Armory, and shopping and restaurants. Highly recommend the London, and will stay there again on our next trip to NY.	
Feb 24 2008 	fast check in	Nice suites-only hotel in good location, close to central park. The key to getting a quiet room is staying in the upper floor suites. I stayed in room 3509 (london suite), the vista suites start on the 36th floor and would recommend those if they are available ( they were not when I checked in).Room service is fast. There was a mistake on my order but they recitfied it quickly (undercooked).Good value if you don't want to spurge on a suite at the 4 seasons.	
Feb 24 2008 	GREAT HOTEL	Our 3 night stay at The London was terrific. We had a suite (3 women) All of the hotel staff were terrific...from the doormen (who recognized us each time we entered/left AND remembered where we were heading so that upon our return asked details about our activity!) to the bellman to the front desk to the restaurant staff. The breakfasts were terrific. The buffet had mounds of fresh blackberries, strawberries and blueberries (and our stay was in January...not the summer fresh fruit season!), fresh dates, assorted melons, a variety of croissants, yogurts, cereals, breads and coffee-cakes etc. We were fortunate to also have the High Tea as part of our stay....What a treat...as good as the High Tea at The Savoy in London, England! The hotel doesn't miss a trick! (Oh, check out the bathrooms in the lounge....for us middle age women who don't go &quot;clubbing&quot;....WOW...how very cool!)The room: The furnishings in the room were very trendy and did cause the intended &quot;WOW&quot; effect...the round couch (which was directly underneath the bay window) was clearly there for its effect - not for its comfort. Beds were very comfortable (as was the roll-away cot that we needed).....bathroom had a 2 person shower stall.....individual shower heads at each end of the stall.. no tub. Wonderful robes and towels.Our overall rating for this hotel is excellent!	
Feb 22 2008 	Cool hotel great service	Stayed at the London for two nights in Feb with my husband and we were both really impressed. The staff upgraded us to a suite for our wedding anniversary, and a bottle of wine was waiting for us in the room - nice touch. Really really friendly staff too. Best bit though was the room - for NY standards, well, by any standards, it was huge, with a separate sitting area - handy if one of you is jetlagged and the other wants to watch tv! We didn't have an amazing view, but it was NY enough, skyscrapers etc, and to be honest, it didn't really matter because the room was so good. Small attention to detail was good too - earplugs, slippers, nice toiletries etc etc - we stayed in the Soho Grand for a couple of days too, and you don't get nearly as much value for money. Location is easy, you're a five minute walk from 5th Ave, Rockefeller centre, theatre district etc, or it's just a stroll up a couple of blocks to central park. If you want breakfast out of the hotel, there are lots of diner places around the corner. The London - thoroughly recommended, and would go back. which is good if one of you is suffering jet lag and wants to goFor NY, the room was huge,	
Feb 11 2008 	A great hotel	This is an excellent modern hotel, situated in a great location in NYC, with beautiful suite's, very large for NYC standards and excellent service.We just stayed for one night, but were impressed with everything the hotel offered from breakfast to afternoon tea. The staff were ever attentive always willing to help.I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for some class at a reasonable price in NYC.	
Feb 5 2008	Cosy and wonderfully spacious	This is my 3rd trip to NYC and The London NYC really trumps all the other hotels (last stays were at the Soho Grand and The Roger William).The space for a Manhattan hotel is excellent. The location is superb (two blocks down is Broadway). Even the hair dryer provided is fab. It's a nice powerful Conair, like the ones they use at salons, and not some puny excuse for one.I checked in with nary a problem. Very efficient and quick. From what I was made to understand, all the rooms are suites. So what you get is a nice sitting area and french doors that lead to your bed, a bathroom area (that features a lovely rainforest shower head) and an ensuite wardrobe. What you see on the hotel's official website is truly what you get.I managed to dine at the Gordon Ramsay restaurant downstairs. Well, actually the London Bar with the food provided by the restaurant and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality. I find most Michelin star type restaurants quite disappointing. The seafood was fresh (try the scallops!), meats were beautifully done, and the beverage list is great.Overall, with the exception of the astronomical price, I would really recommend this hotel. One thing: Bring the earplugs if noise is an issue. Like most Manhattan hotels, by 530am onwards, the city comes alive with a loud roar.	
Jan 28 2008 	Really nice with a few problems	PROS: Great location for quiet (quiet in the middle of NYC, that is) but very close to shopping, Times Square, restaurants, etc. The suite was beautiful, the bed comfortable and the bathroom gorgeous (despite the fact that there was no fan and the door doesn't close the whole way.CONS: The couch was uncomfortable, the lights all need to be turned on by hand so its pretty dark walking into the room, the concierge didn't have a lot of suggestions for good restaurants, the business center charged expensive rates to use the Internet (would have been nice to be able to quickly check email or look up a restaurant that was recommended to us).Overall I would recommend the London NYC. I've stayed in far worse places in NYC -- this was clean, comfortable (except for the couch!) and well-situated.	
Jan 27 2008 	Overrated underexecuted	After the Righa, the London is a hyped and overrated place that simply does not deliver. The rooms look nice, but the seating is uncomfortable, the room lacks light switches and besides big, has nothing fancy. The service is poor, newspapers cannot be delivered to the room, billing errors are not corrected and if you call about that, the only people that can correct it, is accounting - but they are not easily reached, certainly not during European day time.I visit Manhattan 6-8 times per year, know the hotel market well and for this money you can do much better. Smaller and more comfortable rooms with better service can be had for less.The Righa was a place I used frequently, the London will be just once and never again	
Jan 26 2008 	Loved It! We will be Back!	My husband originally selected this hotel so that we could dine at the Gordon Ramsay restaurant. He selected a weekend that had reservation availability that coincided with both my birthday and anniversary. Lucky me. The meal and service was divine. We were told that many folks from the UK fly out specifically to dine at the restaurant because it's so difficult to get reservations in the UK. So for those of you who want to dine, please do yourself a favor and make a reservation like the rest of us and not think that because you are hotel guests staying for whatever duration that you can just get reservations. We had arrived @ 8 am and luckily there was a room available. The front desk staff were very helpful and courteous. They saw that we were jet lagged and issued a room key immediately and wished us a pleasant nap. The bellhop put a Do not Disturb sign when he left so that we could catch up on some sleep. The bed was comfortable,large. We especially like the blinds that darkened the rooms. When we needed a late check out, no problem, the front desk took care of it, at no extra charge. The bathroom had the largest shower I've ever seen that had his/hers shower heads on each side. The sink counter was more than ample to hold everything you could possibly need in a bathroom so I'm confused on how someone's razor could drop in the toilet. Our toilet was behind the shower and no where near the sink counters. I am amazed that people fault how pricey the bar and tea service was. This is New York City. You are on vacation. My goodness they pass along higher prices so that they can pay the rent, the salaries that are demanded for a central location such as this. It's basic economics. There are a lot of other economic options outside of the hotel, Starbucks, the corner grocery store, and even outside of NYC so why bother coming to downtown NYC?The hotel is centrally located so we did not need a taxi and were able to walk to the theatre to see our show and to the major shopping areas. All in all, it was one of the best birthdays I've celebrated. So we will be back, and yes, back to the London NYC.	
Jan 23 2008 	clean chic perfect hotel in Midtown Manhattan	I spent many days browsing reviews on this site before I booked this hotel, and I was not disappointed. This hotel is wonderful. I took their most basic room, and it was large (esp. for NYC) and new and chic and spotlessly clean. I can't believe the size of the shower stalls (with two different kinds of shower heads, one on each end of a long stall). The suite was so spacious and had so many great features. Where do I begin ? Maybe just look at the photos I took. This hotel is close to all the great shopping (5th Avenue, Saks, Bloomingdales, Bergdorf's, Barneys), Rockefeller Centre, Broadway, Central Park, and so many more great places.The hotel itself includes a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and a great cocktail bar. The bed was so comfortable I could have stayed in all weekend. The hotel staff were all very helpful.	
Jan 19 2008	Absolutely SUPERB - Highly Recommended - Favorite Midtown	This is one of my favorite hotels. I loved it! The rooms are all suites and just beautifully done. Very well thought out and had tons of nice features - TVS with plugs for my laptop and the amenities in the bathroom were very nice.Bathroom has both shower and tub. Loved the colors of the room. Cannot overstate how nice the rooms are. Bed was one of the most comfortable ones I have every slept on. Location was perfect Midtown. Staff was extremely friendly. Of course, everyone knows the restaurant - run by Gordon Ramsay -and they gave me a tour of the kitchen after I asked the bar tender a bunch of questions. She was nice enough to show me the kitchen and the chefs table. All of the staff could not be friendlier. Bar is really nice and just off the lobby. Its not a large lobby but the height of the ceilings gives the allusion that it is bigger than it is. I read some of the negative reviews here and am completely dumbfounded!! Must be chronic complainers - there are so many of those out here. They dont represent themselves as a 5 Star but a 4 Star. Frankly, they are a very good 4 Star. It will now be one of my favorite hotels because my stay was so comfortable. I love the suite concept and the idea of being able to invite a business associate to my room and having the room to get work done separate from the bed room. Highly recommend.	
Jan 12 2008 	Loved it!	This is a great hotel, cool and hip with five star service. Being British, living in Los Angeles, we had heard about it and the rooms were not expensive by New York standards, we paid around $450 for a London Vista suite for four nights just after new year. To be honest, I would not pay the extra cost again for the high floor and subsequent view because there is a large building blocking the central park vista, and it's not as though there is a balcony to sit out on and enjoy the view. That's just a bit of knowledge to put away for next time - and there will be a next time, we loved it here.I knew that the Gordon Ramsey restaurant would be impossible to get last minute reservations for, so called a week ahead and even then could not get a reservation before 10.30pm which for us LA residents, was way too late to eat. I don't blame the hotel for that fact. We did eat in Maze but weren't blown away - the service was quite slow and our white wine was room temperature. Everything was small portions until the rum baba, which was giant donut size!The bar was very expensive, but hey, we were on vacation and it's New York so what do you expect? We had fun in there, sampling some great appetizers and working our way down the cocktail menu. The staff could not be nicer or more helpful, from the bar waitress, to the door man, and especially the concierge staff. The London Vista room we had was perfect, just know that if you want a bath tub you need to ask for it in advance, some rooms only have showers. The decor is hip - this is not the Ritz Carlton, but you know that when you see the hotel web site. The additional seating area was very useful although not that comfortable, but we weren't spending much time sitting around. Room service could not be faulted, again not cheap. Gordon Ramsey's scrambled eggs with smoked salmon were fabulous. What was missing was a light switch by the door, but I wasn't going to let that be a big deal.If I did have a general complaint, it was that the lobby does not have any seating. Presumably it was to keep the area looking minimalist. Whenever I had to wait for my husband I had to perch on a cold stone step and felt a bit of a hanger-on, as if I wasn't meant to be there. That did not affect my overall view of the place. Some recommendations for dinner (as Gordon Ramsey being full will necessitate eating out!!) - Spice Market, Buddakan, Spotted Pig (lunch).Your hotel bill will be way over the cost of the room, but so what, it was fun running up the tab! We had a great trip, love NYC, we ate and drank our way through it and look forward to doing it again, and to staying at LondonNYC.	
Jan 12 2008 	Good Midtown Hotel	I travel to New York on business about three times a year, and for one reason or another, usually related to availability, I don't stay at the same hotel twice. I will make an effort to revisit this one though; it was all good - service, rooms, amenities, everything. The only downside, and it is a small downside, is that the doorman can be a bit overzealous with his whistle when hailing taxicabs, and this can be heard in the rooms facing the front. But room size is excellent and more than makes up for any minor problems. Room size is important for me, especially in New York, and especially after staying at one NY hotel where the bathroom was so small I kept knocking my razor off the bathroom sink and into the toilet. You get the idea.	
Jan 8 2008	The Overrated London NYC	On arrival at the London NYC it appeared to be a modern glossy contemporary hotel which is what we were expecting. However, service and helpfulness from staff was in short supply. Over the course of our 7 day stay, due to bookings we were only able to eat one evening meal at the hotels Gordon Ramsey Maze Restaurant unless we wanted to eat at 5.30pm on another occassion. We did not expect to have to eat out every evening. The one meal we were able to book was for 9.30 pm on our 5th day there and on arrival at the restaurant we were told our table was not ready. After sitting at the bar for 25 mins, we had to go and ask if our table was now ready. It was, but we were seated for another 10 mins before a menu and wine list were presented to us. Despite a 9.30pm reservation, we ordered our meal at 10.30pm. Dress code was not adhered to and many people ate in jeans and trainers which spoiled the whole ambience. We had an afternoon tea at the hotel on one occassion and were amazed that we were charged $35 each for half a dozen mini-cakes and half a dozen mini-savouries and a pot of tea &amp; coffee! Our suite at the hotel was very blandly decorated and not comfortable. Lighting in the bedroom was abysmal. We didn't have enough light to select our clothes off the hanging rail properly. (There was no wardrobe which made the room look untidy). We ordered room service a couple of times (for coffe etc as there were no facilities in the suite) and although delivery cost and gratuity was already added to the bill, the room service guys hung around for a tip each time. Overall I think this hotel relies on the fact that it has a 'Gordon Ramsey' restaurant tag, which unfortunately does not live up to its own hype.	
Jan 5 2008 	Fab Midtown Pick	The new London NYC is a fabulous midtown pick. Walking distance from Times Sq, shops on 5th Ave, and the MOMA. Trendy décor, slick staff, efficient concierge desk - just what you expect from NYC. Our suite was nicely appointed in shades of blue, grey, and silver. The rooms are very airy and spacious, a rarity for New York. The living room had an elegant but comfy semi-circular couch hugging the window. Loved reading the paper or having a coffee there. Well designed work station -- ample light, sleek and ergonomic chair, and several plug points. A door divided the two rooms, which was nice for privacy. Really great bed and well calculated lighting in the bedroom. Loved that there was a separate dressing room with plenty of space and a huge mirror enough for two. Plenty of space to spread out luggage without making the room messy. The bathroom was nice. Very minimal, but well designed with lots of counter space and lighting. The commode was at the far end of the rectangular bathroom (all the better). The shower space was uber chic but practical – rectangular space with a shower head at each end for side-by-side showers. Great for a couple in the AM and PM when both have to be somewhere. Not so great if you’re sharing with anyone else! Vur and I loved our 3 night stay	
Dec 31 2007 	Poor Service at The London	The room was large and that gym had good machines. Those were the high points. Every service was subcontracted out, including the concierge. We only ate breakfast at the restauant, which was comped to make up for the dismal service provided by the concierge. I requested a fun night out for my 50th Birthday with a great restaurant and some fun entertainment afterwards. The concierge sent us to a restaurant that provided what I would consider one of the most overpriced and disgusting meals that I have ever eaten. Their imaginative suggestions for entertainment was a comedy club afterward. They were unfamiliar with any of the comics or routines. I could have gotten better advice from any cabbie. The room was large but the furniture was stark and cold and uncomfortable. Not a drawer in the room except for the desk and night stands by the bedside. I would give this place one or two stars on a good day.	
Dec 22 2007 	Love It!	I thought that the hotel was wonderful! It was very very clean, the sevice was very helpful. The only problem was that from our room we could hear some noise from the street, they did provide ear-plugs, but it still was noisy.	
Dec 11 2007 	Great Looking hotel disappointing service	Group of 4 girls on annual visit for shopping to NY. First time visit to London NYC. Wanted to stay in a suite all together so took a 2 bed on the 29th floor. From the minute we arrived the service was disappointing. Messages left with reception not passed on. Concierge can handle basic reservations for hotels but anything more complicated is resisted. Room service really does take 30mins for teapot. Rooms themselves were really nice. Beds, sheets and pillows absolutely fab. Towels and showers fantastic. Privacy for bathrooms not good as doors are sliding with gaps. No view from our room. We did eat in both the bar and Maze (the bistro). In both the food was good. In the bar the small portions are a bit of a surprise as the price doesn't reflect. Maze is a brilliant concept. Food and service was without fault, with the exception of the hostess who uses the popularity of the restaurant as an excuse to be less than fully courteous! Location is great for shopping and eating if you want the uptown buzz. Doorsmen are great characters and have been brought over from the Riga, so very experienced and delighted to chat. All in all, this is such a shame, if they sorted the service out, this has all the other elements to be firm favourite. London is just too expensive to have such inconsistent attitudes to service and GR may be hot and new just now, but that crowd will move on and the arrogance of the hosts will be noted. BTW we did lunch at the St Regis on Sat - fab little bar, amazing service felt like royalty on one of the busiest days of year without a booking. Old style service, real sense of the brand they are representing, London could learn.	
Nov 27 2007 	We expected more from a supposed 5 star hotel.	We expected more from a supposed 5 star hotel. The room had no bath, only a large shower. There are also no fans in the bathroom, so privacy is non-existant if you have a gastrointestinal need for solitude.When we arrived, we turned down our bed to find goo under the sheets and were transferred to a different room immediately.The lobby is small, without any kind of sitting area. Stay at the Ritz or the Plaza for this price.	
Nov 21 2007	Gorgoeus Rooms	This hotel was recommended through my American Express Platinum card so was really impressed with getting late check-out, free breakfast and an afternoon tea with my booking. The rooms are fantastic - excellent size (considering it's NYC), great decor and really quiet. The staff were lovely and very helpful and I found the location ideal for shopping on 5th Ave. My only criticism was that the service for breakfast was a little slow and inefficient, but would definately stay there again	
Nov 18 2007 	Not bad; was hoping for more	I wanted to surprise my fiancé for her birthday weekend with a little getaway right in the city. Let me say that as New Yorkers we were partial to the Parker Le Meridian which we've stayed at several times. But I wanted to try a different hotel that had the same flair as the Le Meridian but might turn it it up a notch in terms of style and comfort.I picked the London based on reviews I read here on Trip advisor. Given the fact that our reservation was last minute, I expected it to be expensive. Even still overall I found the hotel to be comfortable and the staff friendly.The room was comfortable and large. The food, however, was only average and the staff botched our first room service order. They were very gracious about resolving the problem. Overall I would say that the London is a good hotel, especially if you're visiting New York and you want to be in the center of the city within easy striking distance of good dining, good shopping, theater etc. Book early to get the best rates you can on the rooms!	
Nov 7 2007 	For the price you can do much better!	This hotel is an impersonal, soulless midtown monster with high room rates and tepid service. I go to NY frequently (once a month or so), and I think I know what can be had and for what price. This hotel did not deliver. This is my first TripAdvisor review ever; I was so disappointed with the London NYC I was moved to sign up and post this review. Room service was slow; they ALWAYS made sure they took up to the maximum time to deliver the food (30 minutes), even coffee. Once, they left something off of our dinner order and had to go fetch it. While that is rather common, it really shouldn't be for a hotel in this price range, and with all of the hotel's other shortcomings (below), it simply added to a growing list of disappointments. We learned that this room service mistake was par for the course here. When we decided to request a newspaper, we had to ask twice. Also, when we called the concierge and said we'd like to order two newspapers (meaning the NY Times AND the Financial Times) he misunderstood us and said that we could only have one paper, that the hotel had to make sure there were enough papers to go around! (Hello, we said. We're looking for one copy each of two different papers.) How miserly. The papers showed up about 20 minutes later. When we asked for a refill of room service coffee, and begged for it to be delivered more quickly than the standard 30 minutes, we got this reply: &quot;I'll ask, but I can't guarantee they'll be able to do it.&quot; As if we were asking for the moon. We also tried to have brunch in the lobby restaurant. That was a waste of time. When we walked in, we could see the restaurant was overrun with crowds who looked like they were being ignored; there were at least a half-dozen unbussed tables in clear view, and no one was on the way to clear them. It was almost squalid. The hostess begrudgingly offered to clear a table for us. After a very long pause, she wandered over to a table and lazily picked up a few items; but she seemed to have lost interest halfway through the task and began a conversation with a co-worker. We stood around awkwardly for a few moments and then wandered off, which is probably what she'd hoped we'd do. A truck-stop coffee shop would have better service, and only slightly less ambience. We ended up at the Carnegie Deli, a block away, and were so glad we did. And now the hotel's decor: cold and sterile. Relying heavily on a color I would describe as &quot;sage&quot; it seems they really broke their necks to stay squarely within the bounds of the current notion of &quot;tasteful,&quot; whatever that is. They took no risks. The result is stultifyingly bland. Any white-shoe law firm would be very happy with this look. In a few years' time it will look tired and institutional - just let the veneer wear off. It has no warmth and zero personality; a sort of metaphor for their service ethos. This hotel is a 54-story building just south of Central Park and probably has some stunning views. We wouldn't know...sadly, we were consigned to the 9th floor, looking into the back of someone's apartment and fire escape. Aside from the usual traffic noises one gets in NY (we're used to that) we heard a dog barking all night. Our room was outfitted as though it was Leona Helmsley's penthouse, with overstuffed circular sofa and marble top table, but with a dreary back-alley view (see picture). They could have been more creative with the lower floor rooms, warming them up a bit and skipping the Louis XIV-meets-South Beach look, but why bother. They undoubtedly got a volume discount on furniture, carpet and draperies. When we checked out, the front desk clerk dutifully asked us how our stay was. We said we weren't so impressed. I forget exactly what she said, but it didn't matter. To be honest, she really couldn't have cared less.The friendliest people there were the bell staff, and that's because they're tipped.	
Oct 31 2007 	Outstanding hotel first class!	Have just returned from three nights at the London nyc, New York. This is a first class hotel with beautiful suites. I totally agree that the pictures do not do it justice, the rooms are much bigger and exceeded my expectations. There are no negatives to this hotel at all, service great, food fantastic (although expensive, as you would expect from a 5 star hotel) and the beds are just the best! Really, really comfortable. If you are thinking of choosing this hotel please do go for it, you won't be disappointed. Me and my family shall definately be staying here next time we visit the Big Apple..	
Oct 27 2007 	My Favorite HOtel in NYC	I was there in August and again in October and will stay there again this Christmas. We love it! The staff is so friendly and I love the afternoon tea. The room was very large; we had a 1 bedroom suite with 2 beds. My one daughter slept on the couch and had plenty of room. The bathroom was very big. I recommend the 25th floor and higher because the rooms are decorated with warmer colors and a much more comfortable sofa; and the bathrooms are larger; they have a bathtub, where the rooms on the lower floors have only a shower. This hotel is a 5* for sure!	
Oct 20 2007 	Absolutely loved it!!!	I spent a weekend alone in NYC post a long week of work. The London NYC is a little haven in the middle of NYC! Photo's on website do not do it justice. Rooms much bigger. Very comfortable. Great friendly efficient staff. Super bar! Very trendy. Didn't eat at Gordon Ramsay's but it was packed out each night. Definitely recommend this hotel. Location is perfect - I walked everywhere!	
Oct 15 2007	Amazing hotel excellent service	I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights at the end of July. This hotel wa sone of the best i have every stayed in. Near to everything in New York.Rooms were amazing and the view from the 37th floor was excellent.Staff were also brilliant we arrived at 10am even though we could not check in until 2pm. We were surprised to hear that our room was ready and were amazed at the speedy service from the staff.We were even allowed a late check-out as our flight was not until the evening.	
Oct 15 2007	Miss the Righa but London NYC Is Fine	I had been a long time fan of the Righa and loved it. This was my first stay after it had converted to the London NYC. In contrast to the Righa, the London NYC is hip, stylized and fun. The aesthetic of the rooms is visually stunning. The living room portion of the room is much more work friendly than the Righa was but the couch is very uncomfortable and not very much fun to sit on. The bed is nice; great foam mattress. Our bed was a California king and not the traditional king. The linens are top notch. The bathroom again is visually pleasing but the bathroom I had was smaller than the ones I had at the Righa. The tub was taken out but the shower was made larger. All in all, the hotel was still very nice and great location. I think the new hip stylized look will not wear well (my stylized couch already had stains on it) but it is still a great location and great room size.	
Oct 2 2007 	Great Hotel	I am very fussy when it comes to hotels - especially in New York! But this hotel was a nice surprise. The 'candid' photos make the rooms look a bit dingy when infact they are much larger than I expected and nice and clean. The beds were extrememly comfortable and the location is perfect - a few blocks away from Central Park and very close to 5th Ave for Tiffanys and Saks - and just up the road from the MOMA. Nice hotel.	
Sep 6 2007 	Close to being a premier hotel	We took a chance and booked a 3 night stay despite the negative reviews on Tripadvisor. This hotel has been operating as the London for less than a year and the new owner obviously spent millions of dollars on renovations using top of the line materials. Yes, the modern livingroom furniture is more attractive than comfortable, but the bed makes up for the hard couch and chairs. The management spared no expense on the mattress, sheets and pillows. The cleaning person kept forgetting to replace the dirty glasses with clean glasses, and he/she left a cleaning rag in the room one afternoon. We waited 20 minutes for our car, only to find out that it had been sitting out front but we hadn't been called. But we were willing to overlook these mistakes because of how wonderful everything else was. Better staff training would move this hotel to the next level and would make it a premier hotel. Not only would I stay here again, but I would be disappointed if I had to stay anywhere else the next time we're in New York.	
Sep 2 2007 	I'm fussy but The London "kept me satisfied"	This hotel is excellent. Well situated for Central Park, the major stores, Apple,MOMA etc.I had a suite which was superb - modern,stylish and super comfortable.The staff could not do enough and were extremely professional. Like I say in the heading, I'm fussy but The London gave me absolutely nothing to complain about.I wanted a late check out because my plane was leaving in the evning. I spoke to reception who said it was absolutely fine .Most other places pull a face , moan and groan and then relcutantly give you an extra 2 hours over the check out time, at a charge.I got 5 hours at no charge.Would I go back? - Yes. Would I recommend it ? YesGo!	
Aug 22 2007 	everything i expected!	i can't believe ALL the people complaining about everything, making each thing into a major ordeal!! If you wanted the best hotels in NYC, you should have stayed somewhere else and expect to pay alot more per nite! My wife and I stayed at London NYC 3 nights and loved it! Very modern and contemporary feel - which is exactly what we wanted. Everything was &quot;new&quot; since the remodelling was last year - so, clean and very spacious rooms. Great location, check-in staff were nice. Service in London Bar could have been better, especially at $15 per drink! My advice, go elsewhere for food and drinks - there are so many great establishments in Manhattan, why bother sitting in your hotel to eat! Overall, this hotel is excellent value and I will absolutely come back here next time. I truly think the recent naysayers posting here are extra, extra picky...	
Aug 19 2007 	Relaxing Stylish Hotel.. Great Location!	My husband and I were visiting friends in New York and we were away without our 4 children. From the moment we walked into the hotel we were taken away! The beautiful lobby was so nice to walk into. Front Desk staff were excellent. We were shown to our room and we were really happy with the decor. We stayed in a King Bed Flat. which is smaller than the suite, but just as nice. We didn't need a suite. THe only thing we didn't have was a minibar. Again, fine.. We were out most of the time. We have travelled and stayed in many fine hotels throughout the world and we are very picky. I really thought the decor was beautiful. The bathroom was all done by Waterworks and the tile floor was beautiful as was the shower. We used the concierge service several times and they were excellent. Very friendly and gave us some great ideas. We would definately stay here again. I never experienced bad service. Everyone was extremely friendly.	
Aug 15 2007 	Just what we needed!	We spent four nights at the London NYC recently for a friend's wedding. This is a terrific hotel centrally located in Midtown next to the Ziegfeld Theater and several blocks from the Park. Our room was spacious and very nicely appointed; it had a sitting room with a divan, chair, and desk, and a separate bedroom with a king bed and huge bathroom with a double shower. Both rooms had flat panel televisions and wireless internet. We found the bed to be very comfortable with super soft sheets and the room itself was extremely quiet for NYC; we were on the 27th for. The towels and toiletries were very nice as well.Enjoyed a meal downstairs at Maze one evening. It's a lively place with attentive servers and delicious tapas sized offerings. We did not reserve far enough in advance to be accommodated at the Gordon Ramsey, which, according to several people who have dined there, is like no other place on earth!	
Aug 13 2007 	The Most Uncomfortable Hotel With Terrible Service	We stayed for four nights here on July20th in a one bed suite and a two bed suite..Whilst we loved New York ,the same could not be said of this Hotel.The suites were spacious, but the furniture was soooo uncomfortable.There were no tea or coffee facilities in the suites, and the service was the worst we have ever experianced.Room service was slow, and when it arrived the order was wrong. At breakfast, three of us got breakfast whilst the other two had to wait another twenty minutes, and then they got the wrong order.Better by far to go out for food.But on our third morning it was raining and we decided to try again.Bad decision.Service was even worse,two got breakfast after 25 minutes,the others getting wrong orders after 40 minutes.When we checked out they even gave us the wrong bill.For these prices this level of comfort and service is totally unacceptable.Would we stay here again? No.Absoloutly not. NEVER.	
Aug 8 2007 	Great Experience	Just back from the London NYC in New York and overall it was a great experience. There were some admin frustrations though.We had originally planned to rent an apartment on the Upper East Side but about a month ago decided to try and switch to a hotel.Reserved two London Suites online and asked for two twin bedded rooms close to each other.All this was confirmed although when I rang to confirm a week before travelling they were a bit vague but promised.On arrival in NY after a tiring trip the initial impression of the London was &quot;Wow&quot; Sadly our room bookings were as I feared not as we required and after apologising we ended up with a twin and a large double.After this initial annoyance the stay was superb... until the checkout which I will comment on later.The rooms were first class, comfortable, cool (good air con in 95 degree heat outside) and great attention to detail has been applied.The rooms had superb technology, Ipod docks, Plasma TVs, interactive phones and electric blinds.One of our rooms (both on the 51st floor) had great views over Central Park (worth asking for the view)The bathrooms were luxury all the way. A abundance of fluffy large towels lots of toiletries and great walk in showers !The staff were all very friendly and the concierge very helpful.Overall our time at the London was fantastic, it is very central, immaculately clean and as a frequent business traveller I am very fussy.Our kids adored the place and everyone was friendly and kind to them.Onto the checkout then. A frustrating over charge took place and although it was sorted, it took a long time and put a low on our last couple of hours enjoying a light meal in the bar whilst waiting for our car to JFKIf we set aside a bit of admin frustration the overall experience was first class and we would go back tomorrow without hesitation !Do beware of the prices of extras, minibar, breakfast and food &amp; drink in the bar are priced on the high side !Top place - Go there !	
Aug 7 2007 	Give it a miss !	Well we read the various reviews on Trip Advisor and they were mostly positive . We like contemporary hotels and we are regular customers of Gordon Ramsays in London. We took the plunge and it was an error.We are half way through our stay but already I was moved to brief fellow travellers.We have 2 x 1 bedroom suites for myself my wife and my two 22 yr old sons. The suites are spacious but lack room for clothes.We checked in at 8pm and the maid was still finishing off our room. We ordered room service and one of the dishes was missing arriving when the rest of the family had finished. A few items were missing and we had to ask for them. Herein lies a theme everything at the London you have to ask for and you have to chase.Breakfast at the Maze was major aggro a 45 min wait for food, no orange juice ! and surly service. Being a non meat eater I found half way through my mushroon omellete that I had ham in it !We were rescued by the Lady Manager who was very apologetic and breakfast was on the house.The Hotel said that the GYm would be ready in early in 2007, its not ready and housed temporarily in some dingy hot rooms that would not grace a run down state run sports centre.Mini bar is not stocked and we have to chase every day to get it restocked.In summary the service is very poor and seems to be part of the culture so my advice is that there are plenty of other hotels in NYC that live up the expectations we have of US levels of service. I think Gordon you have made a big mistake associating your culinary standards and service levels with this outfit. Steve &amp; Linda Jones UK	
Aug 7 2007 	Very Spacious and Comfortable Hotel	My wife and I stayed at The London NYC 8-2 / 8-5. Our suite on the 51st floor was fabulous, room 5114. We had the open floor plan with several large windows. The bed and linens are top notch. Just one little f.y.i., the beers are a little steep in the lounge off the front lobby. We had just returned from seeing The Police at Madison Square Garden so I picked up a couple of beers to take to the room. They were $10 each, ouch. All in all we were very very pleased. Our room was quiet, comfortable and I felt the rate was very reasonable for this level of quality and size of room.	
Aug 6 2007	Pleasantly surprised!	Clean and well located to Central Park. The price is not bad for Manhattan. I’ve stayed at the St Regis and The Four Seasons. This hotel was just as clean and the room was larger. I would recommend giving it a try. The décor was a bit funky but who cares as long as it is clean and spacious!	
Aug 6 2007 	Stylish Solitude in the City	My boyfriend &amp; I planned a last minute trip to the City to see some friends, catch a show and a Yankee game, and eat to our hearts content. We chose The London as the perfect Central Midtown location to unwind, take a shower, lay down our heads after a day's hard work tromping around the city, and of course to catch the occasional quick bite.Basically we wound up doing all of the above except for the latter. Like the Rihga Royal, this property’s prior incarnation, this is an all-suite hotel. The rooms were spacious and stunningly simple in their décor. We got the opportunity to see more than one room as our first room was just above a smoking floor and as a result smelled like a casino, so we asked to have it changed. The Bellman made a quick phonecall and took care of this for us immediately. We didn’t even have to go back down to the front desk. He brought us up to a higher (and larger) corner suite, let us in with his Master key and went down to reprogram our key cards for us. What service!After a long day of travel, we chose to grab a quick bite at Gordon Ramsey’s restaurant (Maze) downstairs. This would be our first and last time doing so… not terrible food – just too much $$$$ for little &quot;tasting menu&quot; portions that were almost insultingly small. Think tapas, but much more expensive! Don't go in there with an appetite, and if you do, make sure at least your WALLET is full.As for the rest of the hotel, we encountered EXCELLENT service with a smile from all staff members we encountered, and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The room was wonderful, the bed incredibly comfortable, and the ability to listen to my own tunes from my own iPod using the room’s iPod docking station (all the rooms have them) allowed me to make myself at home quite easily.The style of the room and hotel itself is very modern, so if you are looking for a vintage “Old School” New York experience, then this is NOT the hotel for you. In fact the modern décor was what posed the only problems (minor ones) that I would caution other travelers about:1) The sofa in the living room area is comfortable enough for sitting on for a few moments, but should not be considered as an option for sleeping whatsoever. In other words, no quick afternoon siestas, or stowing an unexpected overnight guest there. Which brings me to…2) The bathroom’s décor is so modern that a small sliding door is all that separates you from the rest of the entire suite. It is not lockable, and neither sound nor view-proof, so I would recommend that those who are NOT “well-seasoned” couples or solo travelers bear that in mind when booking. Also this door is the only one in the bathroom, meaning there is no shower door either (see photos) which can be messy if one is an enthusiastic cleanser.Overall this was a delightful experience and one that we would absolutely repeat!	
Jul 30 2007 	Midtown Glam Chic. Very Nice.	Very Swish Lobby, had a great vibe form the moment you walked through the door. Our room was huge by NYC standards. Liked the decor except for that powder blue settee which is dated looking already &amp; will get even more so, quick. The powder blue decor is not my fav. &amp; a bit cold &amp; hotel-y but it was still a very nice room. The bathroom though was fab. Gorgeous double ended shower. Very clever use of space. Staff was very nice &amp; well trained. Concierge was great. Breakfast was delicious &amp; might be the best omlette I've ever had. The bar/non-formal dining room was very slick. I loved the room. Art Deco &amp; Hollywood Regency meets 2007. I would definitely recommend. Esp. the summer specials on the room. Definitely worth the money. Esp. in NYC.	
Jul 27 2007 	Would love to stay at this hotel	We were in town to see the Kelly and Regis show and decided to go check out the London Hotel. We thought we might have a drink and ask the hotel manger for a sneak peek at one of the rooms! I stay in NY at least 6 times a year. We live in NJ and like to stay in the summer and during the holidays with the children or for special occasions. We normally stay at the Marriott in Times Square or at the New York Palace. I was checking out the fabulous reviews and just had to go see the hotel for myself before booking a stay. We walked in and were greeted by the doorman who was extremely courteous. He showed us the way to the bar area. We arrived around 4:30ish~ The place was empty and we had our choice of seating. Bar staff was excellent. Bar manager Joshua was exceptionally friendly offered suggestions from the bar menu. We ordered the Champagne Pear Cocktail and Ginger Provincial both drinks took our breath away~ All drinks were over $12 most of them were $16 so the bar area is expensive but I tell you they were the best two drinks I ever had! We were a little short on cash so we decided to just order two drinks and share! Ha! They were so good that we decided to have some more and charge the bill!!!! The ambiance and the drinks and the service~ We just couldn't leave! Just so happens that it was restaurant week in the city so they had a dinner special 3 course meal for $35!!! So we decided to stay for dinner! We asked Joshua if he could show us one of the rooms and he hooked us up with the Front Desk Manager Michelle Matthews~ She was awesome! She took us to an empty room and we were in awe of the decor. The room was super clean~ Fabulous art deco couch under the window! You have to check out the hotel photos~ They are exactly accurate! They had a double shower! I travel a lot and I had never seen a double shower~ They had the rain shower fixtures and the bed~ was sooooo comfortable~ Yes I laid on it! Couldn't help myself. Michelle gave us some history of the hotel~ It is only 8 months old~ And showed us the new meeting area room they were working on over looking all of NY city! When we got back on the elevator we were pleasantly surprised to see a famous actor! The dinner was fabulous! Everything was cooked to perfection! They have a famous chef Gordon Ramsay~ They say he comes in weekly to say hi to the guests and that he was there the night before~ Joshua and a guest told us that information. We befriended a guest staying at the hotel in the bar and questioned him about the hotel service and rooms~ He gave it 5 stars~ Says this was his third time there on buisness~ He was a laywer and loved staying at this hotel. OHHHH I forgot to mention the bathroom in the bar area! They are awesome~ about 10-15 intimate stalls~ With fabric towels~ lots of anemities and cleaned right on the spot as soon as you leave! You have to check them out even if you don't have to go to the bathroom! Ha! By the time we left the bar area around 7ish~ Yes, we were there quite a while! it was jam packed~ So get there early! One last thing! I noticed only after we ordered drinks and appetizers that people were having afternoon tea there~ They had tea service there too from 3-5:30. I can't wait to stay at the London hotel!!! I am going to reserve a room today to stay in August! Let you know how it goes~Sue	
Jul 26 2007 	Top Notch hotel experience for the discerning or well healed	On the whole an excellent smart hotel experience, rather pricey, but worth it if you are a discerning traveller with high expectations of your hotel accomodation and its location. Great Mid-town location, close to Central Park, 5th Ave, Carnegie Hall and many of the Broadway theatres. A good 10 minutes walk to Times Square, but right by a subway station if the walk is too much for you. Attractive quirky and contempory interior design throughout the hotel and spacious bedroom suites, although the lighting was a bit low and sparce for our taste. Very comfortable beds and linen in the bedroom as well as great gadgets, TV &amp; IPod docking stations. Impressive up to the minute designer showers and bathrooms. Good spacious lounge &amp; study area with a large bay window and oversized chaise. Very helpful and knowledgable conceriege, swift effecient and friendly reception staff - nothing too much trouble. We would highly recommend Gordon Ramseys restaurant for a special evening meal (albeit not for kids) - the whole experience was of the highest standard, the food was delicious and the service was very efficient and professional, but still delivered with humour and warmth. The wines were rather pricey but excellent. A set meal for two with a reasonable pricey wine set us back 500 Dollars ex tip. Only one thing struck us as below par and that was the exorbitant in- house breakfast menu, which may have been forgiven if the volume and standard of food had been exceptional - but regrettably it was not! If you stay at this hotel I would therefore recommend that you take breakfast at any of the close by dinners or deli's, where you will recieve that renouned NYC breakfast experience at a fraction of the cost! We stayed at the NYC for 3 nights with our two sons in a 2 bedroomed suite situated on the 34th floor. We had a pleasant but rather obstructed view of Manhatten and the river because of other high rise buildings and hotels surrounding us.	
Jul 19 2007 	Can't wait to return to The London NYC	Absolutely over-the-top experience from beginning to end. Not the least expensive spot in town, but I defy you to find a hotel of this caliber that offers suites of this size at lower prices. You won't. Since the hotel is freshly renovated, every inch of the property is spotless &amp; fresh. We had a London Suite on the 17th floor which was silent when the windows were closed. Our suite had a parlor which was separated from the bedroom by a small entryway &amp; a very well-lit bathroom, which was enormous. The huge mirrors on the bathroom wall were separated by fabulous light panels that made makeup application a breeze. In addition, the shower area was ~9' x 4' with a &quot;rain shower&quot; type fixture on one end, and a &quot;shower massage&quot; fixture on the other. There was also a Euro hand-held fixture, so the bases were covered regarding your showering options. The bed offered super deluxe pillow-top comfort, and the pillows were fab. The linens were very high thread-count sateen. The ambiance is minimalist/elegant in the suites &amp; throughout the hotel. Didn't try the restaurant/bar. Loved every moment that we were there &amp; look forward to returning. Hopefully their discounted rate will continue forever.	
Jul 18 2007 	Excellent stay at the London NYC	My wife and I recently stayed at the London NYC for two nights, July 16 and 17th. We stayed in a suite on the 41st floor. We requested a view of central park and received it. However, don't make a big deal about this in the future. The park view is mostly blocked by another skyscraper directly in front of the London. I could see the far right and left of the trees but not a great view. It was quiet being on the higher floor. I also requested a room with double shower head. This was a good idea(especially if you have someone you might want to shower with). One head was a rain shower and pressure was good when both were running. Of note, the shower is not completely closed. It has glass doors with an opening in the middle. The water only splashed out a little. There is a thin mirror in the middle of the shower. Good for shaving. The air conditioning worked well and the toiletries were high end. The room is on the very modern side with LCDs in the sitting room and one in the bedroom. They have an ipod docking station and we took advantage of the free wireless internet in the room.We thought the service at the front desk and concierge were helpful and polite. By the way, we ate dinner at Amalia and Telepan and both were excellent. This hotel is not for everyone. We like to stay at a modern and &quot;swanky&quot; hotel when in NYC. If you are looking for cozy, rustic, charming, old school, or cheap, then this probably is not the place for you. We booked thru the hotel's web site and used AAA for a discount.Also, don't park at the hotel as they charge $55/night. I paid $28/night.	
Jul 11 2007	My new favorite NYC hotel!	Incredible property that's expensive but worth it. The rooms are gorgeous, first class all the way. Every room is a suite with 2 flat screen TVs. The bathroom is like a spa and I highly recommend dining at Gordon Ramsay - it's a dining experience!	
Jul 5 2007 	Swish suite	Stayed at the London NYC for six nights in June. New York hotel prices in June are very high, and whilst not cheap at $367 per night (we used a special offer from AMEX), we thought we received good value for money. The suites are spacious and exquisitely decorated (we had a basic suite, not a city view). The enormous bed was wonderfully comfortable and we appreciated the electric closures for curtains. The bathroom was chic and functional with gorgeous white glass mosaic tiles, though the shower screens could be bigger to avoid wetting the floor. We had a calm haven to return to each day after sightseeing and often returned to the suite during the afternoon to put our feet up and refresh ourselves before going out again in the evening. The concierge was helpful and gave good guidance on how to use the subway system, recommended a restaurant etc. The only criticism I would have is that the sliding door between the bathroom and the dressing area seemed cheap and shoddy compared to everything else and seems like an afterthought.Dinner at the GR was a real treat, but we did not have breakfast in the hotel, preferring to go to Au Bon Pain nearby.	
Jul 2 2007 	One of Our Most Favorite Suites Ever	After moving back from London, this was our first trip stateside so it seemed appropriate that we stayed at The London! Our last meal in London was at Gordon Ramsay on Royal Hospital Road so it was great for us to sample it in NYC.The hotel is in a great location for all the places that we like to hang out - 5th Ave, Central Park, easy access to Upper West side and downtown. It was within walking distance to all of our favorite restaurants (Jean-Georges, Vong, Sarabeth's, Le Bernandin), tons of great shopping and a 2-minute walk to MOMA.The hotel lobby is small and quite impersonal. There is nowhere to sit and hang out. To do that, you'd have to go to the London Bar (the tapas version of GR's restaurant) but you'd have to order a drink. The staff was friendly but the bellmen/doormen were the kind that worked for your tips so if you aren't going to tip them at every turn, don't expect them to move a hair to help.Our room was on the 23rd floor - it was a small-sized suite. Imagine a larger room partitioned in half for a sitting room area and bedroom. Loved all the details like the flat screen, automatic blinds, etc. - very chic and boutique-like. We loved the sitting area because we had our friends over for movie night and had Magnolia cupcakes and drinks one night! It was very comfortable.The bathroom was nice with a single shower head - missed out on those double shower heads that I read about. Fixtures were nice, and the newness was great!The place was very clean - housekeeping did a good job every day. The bed was comfortable, as were the pillows.All in all, I would definitely come back here and recommend that others give this a shot. We've stayed at the Waldorf Astoria, the Waldorf Towers, the Hilton and formerly the Drake/Swisstoel. This is our favorite of all those hotels - would have been the Waldorf Towers, but they accidentally washed my sister's favorite stuffed bunny and never bothered to apologize or compensate us for their poor service.	
Jun 4 2007 	Very stylish	My husband and I spent two night at the London having seen a review in a UK magazine. We were not disappointed, We loved the space with a proper door between the bedroom and sitting room. The bed was very comfortable and the shower room was very chic with mosaic marble tiles on the floor. (I'm not sure it's such a good idea to eliminate baths completely but we did enjoy the double shower). Unlike many hotels, the WIFI worked and was not charged as an extra. The bar had a good ambience for a pre dinner drink and the Ramsay restaurant was surprisingly OK given the hype.The only thing my trendy New Yorker friend did not like was the colour of the sofa- I could live with it for two days and will definitely consider returning to this excellently located hotel.	
May 10 2007 	Style Comfort 	My recent stay at The London NYC was overall a great experience. I will say that the attitude of the concierge was not pleasant &amp; front door service was slow, but the rest of the staff from the front desk, room service, housekeeping and the restaurant were friendly, attentive and professional.The rooms are large &amp; beautifully appointed. From the choice of furnishings to the linens and flat screen TV's (2), nothing was less than perfect. (the couch is very firm but looks great). I enjoyed the large umbrella available for my use as well at the fluffy bathrobe, slippers and great toiletries.Room service was prompt, the eggs bene was a bit overcooked but the fruit was fresh &amp; sweet; the coffee was good &amp; strong.I enjoyed high tea in the bar area during a rainy afternoon and was delighted with the selection and service. Afternoon cocktails at the bar were expensive, but in line with a NYC bar. The bartender offered great suggestions and service in a fun, lively atmosphere.Radio City, Carnegie Deli, MOMA &amp; great shopping all in walking distance. Cabs were slow at the front of the hotel, but easy to catch with a short walk to the street corners.I prefer a smaller boutique hotel or something with more old world charm (modern is not my personal style) but I did find this hotel to be welcoming and warm with an excellent location. Will stay again.	
May 2 2007 	Ice Queen Barbie decor (and comfort level)	By all means, stay here at the London NYC if you always wanted to see what it was like to live in &quot;Ice Queen Barbie's Dream House&quot; circa 1962. A ghastly light blue striped settee dominated my room's &quot;seating&quot; area (and proved even less comfortable than you might expect life-size dollhouse furniture to be). At least it was an eye-opener after the depressing gloom of the hallway. The annoyingly inadequate lighting level continued in the sleeping area. I guess Barbie never did much reading in bed.On the other hand, don't stay here at the London NYC if you think that hotel bathrooms should have doors and be a bit luxurious. (To be fair, there is a sliding modesty panel that can almost cover the whole doorway.) The bathroom decor is spartan ice white and gray tile and glass. Little thought was given to guest convenience. The bizarre shower stall (6 feet long and 2 feet wide with individual shower heads at each end -- no you can't use both at once) evokes institutional locker room more than it does romantic rendezvous. The lack of towel bars means you have to put your bath towel on the floor outside the stall to be able to reach it when you need it . I won't be returning.	
May 1 2007 	Phenomenal Hotel	Normally, I do not write reviews as my busy life allows very little time to do so. However, I felt compelled to share our pleasant experience with others.Our stay at The London NYC was nothing less than excellent from the time we arrived until the time we left.Bellmen were readily available when we drove up and the check-in process was prompt and friendly. We arrived earlier than we expected and were quite pleased that our room was awaiting us at 9:30AM. There was no shortage of staff and they couldn't have been friendlier or more courteous. It wasn't unusual to be greeted by 7-8 (or more) staff members while making our way from the front lobby to our room. Our room attendants were very nice and accomodating. It is quite unusual to experience &quot;southern-style&quot; friendlieness in NYC. A big thumbs up to management!!! As for the room itself, I cannot say enough about it. It was very clean - which is very important to me. The look was very modernly unique and spacious. The bathroom was impressive (and again, very clean) with an over-sized spa-like shower offering various showerheads and sprays. The slippers and robes were a nice added touch. The bedroom had beautiful french doors to separate it from the main room. The bed was very comfortable. There were 2 tv's with optional head sets. Our favorite features included the powered curtains and sheers that open and close via wall switch as well as the sofa table that lifts electronically and becomes a dining table. We felt like we were spending 2 nights in a &quot;room of the future&quot;!!Because we were in the city to attend a family event, we did not have the opportunity to dine at the hotel's restaurant, Gordon Ramsay, which is known to be fabulous. We did, however, have a cocktail in The London Bar and the ambiance was quite pleasant. The hotel is located in a superb area of Manhattan, just a few blocks from Central Park and very close to Broadway and 5th Avenue, making it convenient to most everything the city has to offer. We were able to walk everywhere we went. The only downside to our stay at The London NYC is that we have been spoiled with a phenomenal hotel which will likely make our stay at other hotels disappointing.	
Apr 30 2007	Good new hotel with slight issues	I stayed for a week at the London NYC and liked the location, the rooms were brand new and very large and nice for NYC. I stayed in both the lower floor and higher floor rooms. Although the high floor room/suite had a good view of the city, bridges and a bit of the park I prefered the lower floor room. It was more cozy and had a better feel. I wish I had stayed there the whole time. The rooms were clean and nice and very easy to live in. The beds were good and the linens were fine. The bathrooms were good also. The safe needed new batteries which took two phone calls,the electrical outlets in both bathrooms did not work. The room service was AMAZING. The chef is fantastic, Gordon Ramsey, and everything we had was devine. I did have one major problem though. I stayed on the 54th floor and got on the elevator to leave for the evening with my son. We pressed the lobby button and started to descend. The lift then stopped suddenly, shot up and then began to fall. We free fell and heard bending, moaning and groaning metal hitting together and we thought we were going to die. My son looked at me and said &quot;I love you Mom.&quot; I threw myself forward and hit the emergency stop button and the alarm. Security came over the loud speaker and said&quot;I have you&quot;, were bringing you down. Not a good start to our evening. I was traumatized and broke down each time I had to get back on the elevators in the building. I was glad to leave. The management credited one night stay for our trouble.My Father called the hotel to find out what happened and the concierge told him that I was upset because I was running late and the elevator stopped to often. He LIED. I was told it had been serviced and put into use that same day we fell. The management closed the elevator for inspection/repair. Let them work out the bugs before staying here. It will be a great value at that point.	
Apr 29 2007 	Nice Large Suites but...	i was initially very pleased with the hotel when we arrived @ The London NYC. However, the street isn't the prettiest, nor is the surrounding area. On the flip side, it's centrally located to everything I needed: The Met, Ed Sullivan Theater, MoMa, shopping, etc. Also the rooms are large (all suites), clean and tastefully decorated with a contemporary and traditional flair. Our room was at least 725 square feet, had beautiful hardwood flooring installed in a haring bone pattern, Waterworks bathroom fixtures, glass mosaic tile walls in the bath, a 7' two person shower (with a rainhead shower, hand held and a standard shower head) white carrara marble bath vanity, mosaic tile bath floor and thirsty robes. Complimentary one day internet -- after that they charge 12.95/day, a well stocked mini-bar, two flat screed televisions with a nice lineup of free cable channels (HBO, etc), ipod hook-up for the alarm clock, plenty of storage for luggage, a decent view from our room on the 46th floor, drapes and sheers were controlled electronically, very comfy bedding (down comforter and pillows - synthetic pillows available on request if you're allergic as my wife and I are), desk with ample work space and speaker phones, a comfortable couch and leather rocking chair in the livingroom all of which made me quite happy. My only real complaints about the hotel itself was the noise. In my opinion, they didn't insulate for sound very well during the renovation of the hotel. I could hear water rushing through the pipes when my neighbors were showering and every single time someone entered or left their room I could hear their front door slam shut. If the hotel can adjust the mechanism on doors it would keep down some of the noise. At this point, there's not a whole lot that can be done about the plumbing noise. I live in downtown Chicago so I am accustomed to quite a bit of noise. Perhaps it was the newness of the noise that bothered me. Nevertheless, if you are sensitive to these things keep it in mind and ask for a room where you will be farthest from neighboring rooms. Also, I think our room was close to an area where housekeeping may keep supplies. Each morning during our four day stay, I heard a door slamming shut, with regularity, between 8:00 AM and 10:00 AM. One more note of caution, I believe they are still renovating the hotel so you may hear some construction noise after 8:00 AM or 9:00 AM. As for the staff, everyone was friendly and helpful. I didn't have a chance to have dinner at the restaurant, but I did have a drink and an appetizer. The BLT was tasty and the bar was quite busy for a Thursday around 11:00 PM. I don't know if I would repeat that meal as it cost me just under $50 (with tip) for a sandwich, drink and french fries, but I was too tired to seek out anything else. I'd consider staying here again, but for the money I would look at my options as well. The main reason being the noise issue. If that could be fixed, and the hotel maintains its current level of cleanliness, I wouldn't think twice about giving it another try.	
Apr 25 2007 	Perfect Getaway Weekend	I made a recent trip to NYC and chose to stay at the London NYC after hearing about it from friends. I can honestly say the hotel and staff exceeded my expectations. From the minute I walked in, I felt welcomed and pampered. Lazaro at the front desk never failed to greet me by name whenever I saw him. The concierge was very helpful in booking my in-room massages at the times I wanted. Room service was fabulous and showed up exactly at the time promised. I had a lovely suite on the 36th floor. The newly remodeled decor was so restful -- clean, simple lines and I was not subjected to someone else's taste in art. It was a memorable hotel experience and I will definitely be returning.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great Hotel Impeccable Service at the London NYC	I booked two nights at the London NYC for my 7th Anniversary. We initially were put into a room that smelled smoky and as we are non-smokers, we requested a different room. We were put into a suite on one of the top floors. The regular room was beautiful, modern and spacious; but the suite was fabulous. Very large rooms, amazingly clean and the bed was quite comfortable. The staff was very attentive. The location was superb. We enjoyed our stay and highly recommend the hotel to others. We have travelled the world and have stayed in many hotels -- this rates up at the top of our list for the price and location. We will definitely stay there again in the future when we want a quick get-away to NYC!	
Apr 19 2007 	Service comfort location value	Service: A+ Was greeted with a smiling assurance that an early check-in was no problem, gave me a suite with a beautiful view without having to ask--Lazaro was an excellent host offering a welcome worthy of the hotel's 4-star rating. Doormen gave me latitude, not attitude, when I chose to open the door myself--because sometimes, I just do. Cleaning staff went so far as to neaten the suite, rather than just clean it, (though they didn't notice we were missing an ice bucket and a 2nd pair of slippers). Turn down service, no chocolate :-( Room service prompt, food excellent, (lobster risotto, amazing creamed potatoes).Comfort: A++ Suite 3501 is a NW corner unit with direct view of Central Park, (well, the west side of it anyway)--even a H River view, if you look in that direction. Suite was clean from top to bottom, bed was ULTRA comfy, bathroom very well-lit, modern and spacious enough, HOT water in seemingly endless supply in double shower, good hairdryer &amp; towels and there is a door, (had read a review before I went that there wasn't one...)--a pseudo pocket-door that you could miss if you didn't look. Good digital safe, mini-bar w/Dean &amp; Deluca wares! Indiv digital thermostats for each room. Very quiet, no noise whatsoever from adjacent suites.Location: A+ Midtown location is convenient to several subway stations, E is just around the corner (takes you straight to JFK, total $7). Easy 5-10 min walk to Central Park, Lincoln Center, Broadway/Time Square, 5th Ave, etc. Petrossian for best pastries 7th&amp;57/58th, (French breakfast $9.50 very good); quality florist SE corner 6th&amp;56th.Overall Value is definitely an A+. Best view/location/service I've had for the price of the room, under $350. Booked through SkyAuction.com.P.S. Asia de Cuba (37th&amp;Madison) was a true find on this trip--incredible calamari salad and bbq salmon. Not. To. Be. Missed.	
Apr 15 2007 	Highest recommendations possible for the London NYC	We just came back from 4 nights at the London NYC. We enjoyed every moment there. The rooms are very chic, cozy, spotless, and so beautifully decorated. It really was great having so much space. The sitting room has a gorgeous desk, chair, large flat screen tv. and a bench/sofa all along the far wall under the window. In front of the sitting area there is an adjustable table that you could put at whatever height you wished. On the other side of the sitting room there is a reading area with another chair and a floor lamp. The two mirrored french doors open up into the bedroom area. The bed has beauitiful high quality linens, everything very clean. There is a built in night stand and reading lamp on each side of the bed, plus a tv mounted on the wall.Just off the bedroom there is a generous storage space with several pull out shelves, pull out drawers, an area to hang your clothes up with more shelving above that. The powder room has a huge double shower which I have nerver seen anywhere, not even in a magazine. There are slippers, robes and all types of bath accessories. Since we had a long drive we showered as soon as we checked in and then we called down to get extra towels for the morning and they arrived at our room within minutes with enough towels to last us a week. The drapes in both the sitting room and bedroom have an electric switch on the wall to easily open and close them, that is a very nice touch. In fact there are little nice touches everywhere, like beautiul high quality mirrors, storage trays in the entrance for your incidentals etc.. The service is very professional and friendly and we found everyone exceedingly helpful. One evening we had the pleasure to experience one of Gordon Ramsey's restaurants at the hotel and it was one of the best dinners we have had anywhere. We have stayed at some beautiful hotels and this is probably the nicest hotel we have ever stayed at. I just wanted to mention that I am not in any way affiliated with the hotel when something is this phenomenal I like to give it a good recommendation so other people can enjoy it as well. Thank you so much for reading my review!	
Apr 13 2007 	Fabulous experience chic and trendy hotel	My girlfriend and I spent 6 nights at the London NYC and I can assure you that it was a fabulous experience.Location is great (54th &amp; between 6th and 7th)Room (#3510, USD 399 per night + tax) was quite huge (see our pix), especially for NYC and newly furbished. (bed is very very very comfortable)We loved the decoration and the staff was very friendly and helpful, especially the concierges.We had a wonderful diner at the Gordon Ramsey restaurant, the food was very good (we recommend the tarte tatin, unforgettable experience) with a high level of service. Chef Ramsey came at the end of the diner and had a quick chat with us (he definitivel deserves at least 1 to 2 stars in the Michelin). Jean Baptiste, the restaurant manager is very professional and cool guy.We also tried the room service and they served us very quickly and food was very correct.What else ? The breakfast is a bit pricey (USD 30-35), The fitness room was not finished yet.Anyway, all in all I will definitively come back to the LONDON NYC and I would recommend this lovely experience to anyone.	
Apr 9 2007 	Superb chic hotel	My wife and I just came back from 3 night stay at London NYC. I have to admit it is hard to understand some of the negative reviews I have read here. Room was superbly decorated and really huge not by NYC standard but by any. Apart from that room was also clean and well maintained. We ate at Gordon Ramsey restaurant first night and we were very satisfied. I have been in many good and expensive NYC restaurants and I have to say that this one rank pretty high. Staff was very friendly and atmosphere was relaxing, tasting menu was delicious but I understand that somebody can have different opinion. For us it was perfect evening. I also read here that hotel staff does not care enough for guests, we didn’t experience this. Also many reviews are mentioning that work was or is still going on, we didn’t notice any work sites or noises.We would definitely come back here.	
Apr 8 2007 	London cold and snooty	I just returned from NYC, one of my favorite places. I booked a stay at the London because I was curious about the changes they made from the former Rhiga Royale. I was totally unimpressed. The bedroom was left dirty, we found discarded garbage next to our bed. We also found there was nowhere to store your luggage. What happened to closet space? We had a cold, boring room. No art on the walls, nothing. To be fair, I liked the bathroom. However, there could be better planning on where do you hang your towel's when you are in the shower? Our towels were behind the toilet, not within reach of the walk in shower. The front desk staff are inexperienced and not friendly. The bellman, concierge were all extremely helpful, and courteous. I love the location, but will think twice about staying at the London again. Its too bad, because I have very fond memories of the Rhiga, and I was hoping to have fond memories of the London.	
Apr 5 2007 	Grouchy bellman	Be aware it is under construction- really!!!!!That said it was hip and fun - front desk people were very cordial. Their London Bar for lunch was perfect and the waiter even showed us around the kitchen and the gorgeous dining room. Nice touch. However we ate there for breakfast the next morning and the service was horrid. No one really paid attention to us- had to ask for more cream 3 times. The 3rd time it came back with a huge black HAIR in it! No one even said they were sorry. Would Gordon Ramsey have let that happen? I hope not.The only problem was getting a taxi. I think they need to make arrangements to have taxis out front regularly. I had to wait a long time and even missed an appt. while one bellman loaded 10 suitcases into a cab and instead of having a back-up there were 3 bellmen inside the lobby chatting and only that one outside. When I asked a bellman inside to help he was very surly to me like I was infringing on their conversation. And then each time afterwards treat me with distain. Not very good customer service. However the other bellman who got me a cab was very accomodating and the man who showed us to our room was sweet and caring. The Room Service man was too and I appreciated it.The Business office was just a room all messy way in the back with only 2 computers and when I need it one morning for important business 2 men were on the 2 but meanwhile chatting back and forth and not actually using the computers. When I asked them after half an hour if I could just check my email they said they were using them but kept talking with each other. This went on and on.Our room and bathroom were gorgeous- we loved it! My husband even had his own big screen TV and it was the NCAA Sweet Sixteen basketball tourney so that was a great help.I recommend they make up maps for guests to use with names of the stores, churches, etc. Not just street names. They did finally Xerox one for me but sent it to the wrong room. When I checked with the concierge she was snappy and yelled at me saying I gave her the wrong room #. By then it was too late. If I'd known I could've walked to Mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral which was only 3 blocks away- a dear friend was playing the organ there but instead of hearing him I waited for a taxi with that grouchy guy for 20 minutes while a truck turned around in the street after the bellman FINALLY secured me a cab. If he'd been on the ball I would've been at church before the truck jammed up traffic. I missed the entire Mass! It was very important to me and a once-in-a-lifetime event I missed.Would I return? Yes! And will make a reservation at Gordon Ramsey's for dinner. We ate at Daniel's instead and the ambiance wasn't close to the Ramsey.	
Mar 30 2007 	Beautiful rooms okay service	The London NYC is a beautiful hotel. The place is immaculate with leather and suede walls, and marble.I stayed in a studio suite which was very modern. I loved it! The bathroom had two shower heads, and warm fluffy robes to slip into after my shower.Note: Look in the drawers for the slippers!The only thing was the service was not on par with the rest of the hotel. Many times my phone calls rang for quite a while with no answer.	
Mar 14 2007	Great Hotel !! but pricey	We( 3 women in their 50's) stayed 5 days at this hotel last year when it was the Rhiga Royal. This was our first trip to Manhattan. The entire stay was excellent. The fascilities are top notch, large suites for Manhattan, excellent helpful, courteous staff. They were more than helpful. Since a major renovation and now part of the Luxury Group, I'm sure it is more fantastic. The location is excellent. Carnegie Deli is close by, excellent coffee shop on the corner, near Central Park, subway stop, blocks from Times square......close to everything. I would stay there again, however it is pricey. Upon checking out, I felt I was making a down payment on a house and don't drink the bottled water in the room. They charge $7.00 per bottle.	
Mar 3 2007 	A New High-end Mid-town Hotel Choice	The hotel was completely refurbished last year to re-open as The London. Rooms are stylish and well-designed. For example, the in room safe is large enough for laptops plus valuables. The bed is perfect. Staff is highly professional and friendly - comparable to Four Seasons type service. We ate at both the Main Gordon Ramsey restaurant and the bistro adjacent to the bar. The main restaurant is only 44 seats which makes for a very special setting - staff was absolutely outstanding - food was world-class and you can have a blow-out meal for under $250 per person (wine, cocktails, tip and tax included). For a special birthday or aniversary, this is a well-priced experience -especially in NY. We tried the bistro after theatre and were equally impressed - highly creative small plates menu with very creative superb cusine. Even if you don't stay at the London, keep in mind the bistro for food and drinks. A great English-style tea (tea sandwiches, scones, pastries) is served in the bar/bistro after 3:30 for $35 per person - pricey but if you want to relive one of those great teas from your last London trip -this will do.	
Feb 24 2007 	no more london new york for us!!!!	We were going on a cruise on the Queen Mary 2 and booked a hotel in Brooklyn but THE BIG APPLE is my favorite city so I peeked at rates for the Rhiga Royal, they changed the name to The London New York a day or two after we left, and found an attractive rate for a one bedroom suite so I booked it. I thought my dreams had ALL come true, a room at the best hotel in New York and a cruise on a magnifient ship. The hotel was a BIG BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!!!! Contruction under way, only room available was on the 32nd floor, we have no head for heights, UGH!!!! What was once a wonderful, beautiful, comfortable, hotel is now uncomfortable, very chromey, cold and sterile, certainly not worth the price. I'm not an interior decorator but could have done a better job renovating the place. The cruise lived up to all my expectations, we are going again in April but will steer clear of The London New York.	
Feb 19 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	Don't know how anyone could not like this hotel. From the moment you enter til the time you exit, this place is first class all the way. Rooms are huge, clean,quiet, and modern. Bathrooms are well above any NYC standard. Service was attentive and not stuffy. If you could make this your home in NYC,do it!	
Feb 15 2007	Good upgrade from the Rhiga		
Feb 8 2007 	Only OK		
Jan 30 2007 	Above and beyond		
Jan 26 2007 	WOW!		
Jan 8 2007 	Friendly Staff Exceptional Service		
Dec 22 2006 	Pretty good		
Dec 6 2006 	Loved The London NYC		
Nov 28 2006 	Great Looking But Ridiculous Accommodations		
Nov 23 2006	If you are a big spender with low standards you will love The London NYC		
Nov 4 2006 	Stayed during renovation		
Nov 4 2006 	Un tres bon rapport qualité prix et une bonne situation		
Nov 23 2009 	tres bien		
Nov 15 2009 	De lugo		
Jul 30 2009 	???????????		
Feb 3 2009 	Buono ma non al top		
Jan 15 2009 	I did it!!		
Jan 8 2009 	Wunderbarer Aufenthalt!		
Oct 30 2008 	???????		
Sep 20 2008 	Emplacement hotel superbe		
Sep 14 2008 	séjouir de reve à new york		
Sep 10 2008 	Schickes Hotel super Zimmer tolle Lage		
Sep 10 2008 	?????????????????????????		
Jul 28 2008 	Vacances familiales réussies...		
Dec 18 2007 	Algo "frío" para un hotel de su categoría		
Jun 17 2007 	ottimo compromesso qualità/prezzo		
