	Fantastic Hotel Great location Great Price Great Staff	Just back from a 4 night stay in the Marriott Eastside. I was a bit hesitant staying on Lexington Ave as on previous trips to NYC I have always stayed close to Times Square, but it was the best location ever. The hotel is located less than 5 minutes walk from 5th Ave and less than 10 minutes walk from Times Square. The staff were very friendly and efficient especially the Irish Porter from Donegal. He was so pleasant and helpful. We had room service one night as we could not walk any more after our day shopping. The food and service was great and only cost $70 for dinner for two with beer and tea included. Never again will I stay in hotels close to Times Square, I'll be staying in the Marriott. The concierge was great and organised a 'town car' for us to go the airport in and it only cost $75 including tolls and tips - again this is the cheapest fare we have ever paid to the airport from a hotel in NYC. This is my seventh trip to NYC and would have to say the best trip ever by far and this was all down to the fantastic hotel that I stayed in. I'll be back!	
Nov 19 2009 	TERRIBLE AFTER CARE POLICY	I stayed in this hotel in October for 4 nights with some friends. On check-in they swiped my credit card for extras. The hotel accommodation was part of an inclusive package with BA. I got my credit card bill on 11 November and the hotel has charged me $940. After 3 calls to the US nad 40 mins waiting a spoke to somone in business services. My credit card had been used to pay for another guest's stay. No apology and no explanation. The next day I got an email from Misty Gladdish of Business Services to say that she had not received any authorisation to refund me and would send me another update. I received no further emails from Misty Gladdish. On the 13th I phoned again and spoke to Amy who told me that the amount would be refunded. It's 19 November and no sign of the refund or any follow up email.I wrote an email to customer services asking them to explain how my credit card details had been used to pay for another guest's stay, whether that guest now had my credit card details as bills are posted to rooms and to date have received no response.I called the hotel itself and they said it was not their problem and you had to speak to customer services.Do you want to stay in a hotel which is this badly run? takes zero responsibility for the actions of their staff and uses your credit card to pay for other bills?AVOID!!	
Nov 18 2009 	Exceptional Customer Service	All the employees of this hotel were very customer-focused and ensured each guest had their needs fulfilled. We encountered no issues/bad attitudes with any employee. Everyone was pleasant, friendly, and offered assistance even when not asked. The check-in/out desk persons were efficient, housekeeping thorough, bellmen/doormen helpful, concierge extremely knowledgeable and went out of their way to serve you, security present, and business center clerk attentive to our needs. I never had this good of service from any hotel I have ever stayed at before. We (party of 2) spent two nights at this hotel (Friday and Saturday, Nov 13-15). The hotel website stated check-in does not start until 4pm. We arrived at 12:00noon and did not have to wait more than 2 minutes for a hotel desk agent to start our check-in process. All our reservation information was correct and we finished the check-in process quickly and off to our room we went. To our surprise, we were assigned a corner room on the 28th floor with a great view. This room had three exterior windows (one facing north up Lexington Ave and two facing west down 50th street), a small refrigerator, couch, flat screen tv, desk area with extremely comfortable office chair (reclined), and coffee maker. The king-sized bed was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on in any hotel. The room was not all that large, but roomy enough for all the furnishings and still able to walk around without any problems. Sleeping was not a problem at all on this bed. The bathroom was abit small and had a tub/shower combination. There are so many hotels in New York you can select. I have to say that the next time I travel to New York, I will select this hotel again. Besides the service, location was perfect. We were able to walk to many attractions located within a few blocks (Times Square, St. Patrick Cathedral, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, shopping, restaurants, etc ). Plus Grand Central Station was within a few blocks and from there you can go anywhere you needed to travel. The time to walk to the subway station from the hotel and ride the train to the Statue of Liberty station was less than 30 minutes. The traffic “noise” (cab horns, sirens) was present, but did not bother me and I slept through the ‘noise’. We did not eat at the hotel restaurants, so I am not able to comment (but the concierges recommended awesome restaurants!!!).The only compliant I have is no free wi-fi service in the lobby. Luckily I have an i-phone with 3G coverage (no problems with reception) and able to access my email. Otherwise in-room internet charge not cheap ($16/day).	
Nov 14 2009 	Great Location!	This Marriot is located right in the heart of Manhattan, just a couple of streets away from the 5th Avenue and major attractions like the Trump Tower and the Rockfeller Center. The rooms have been fully refurbished and and the beds are very comfortable!!! You are in Manhattan but you don t get bothered by all the noise because the street where the hotel is located is pretty calm.The stuff is friendly even though the service is not excellent...the concierge seemed very sleepy and couldn t really help us to find a nice fish restaurant in the city?!?Beside that, we were pretty happy with the hotel. It is expensive indeed but then, if you think about it, you are in one of the most expensive cities in the world!! ? would reccomend this hotel to anybody who wantsd to go to NY and have a trouble free stay :)	
Nov 5 2009 	New York Noise but a Fantastic Location	As usual, the Marriott service and standard of excellence did not disappoint. The location is phenomenal! You can walk or take the bus or subway to just about all the great Mid-Town hotspots in minutes. However, New York is a noisy city and the hotel is right on Lexington Ave., and frustrated New York cabbies are not loath to blare their horns. There are lots of sirens as well. If that's comforting to you, then this hotel is great. I slept pretty well because I brought ear plugs. It's a good idea. Otherwise, this hotel is charming and the room was immaculate. Also, there are some great little breakfast and lunch diners within walking distance, so if you don't feel like paying hotel prices, walk around; you'll find something.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Service Average hotel	I booked this hotel for a one day conference on the recommendation of a Marriott Business Planner. The staff did a pretty good job to accommodate us, but when we arrived the morning of our presentation, the floor had not been vacuumed and there were broken pretzel pieces around the room. They did send a janitor to sweep the floor but it needed wall to wall vacuuming and we didn't get it. They made restitution by removing the room rental charge from my bill. I was pleased with this solution. Their staff did hang around to make sure that I was taken care of and they were quick to come when called. The food was great and looked so appetizing. Nice selection of menu choices. Do consider brining your own AVI equipment as the rental there is ridiculous!The location is terrific by Central Station. The Convention/Meeting rooms are very easy to get to in the hotel. The sleeping rooms leave a lot to be desired. While the bed was comfortable, my room was quite small. Nice Bathroom though, although my tub was clogged and wouldn’t drain.I feel there are much better options for the price in New York. Definitely not worth the $490+ price.	
Oct 20 2009 	My New York Hotel for Life	After having a terrific stay in a great location, with a great room, and great meeting faciliites, we saw first hand what excellent service above and beyond can be....We left early for the airport....got their a lot earlier than need be....spent time over a long breakfast....and then with an 70 minutes before our flight, we realized we'd left the keys to our vehicle that was at an airport 2 hours from home, in the desk drawer at the hotel. I figured it would take 20 minutes to even find out if the hotel had found the keys....but no, 5 minutes later we get the call and they send a car to LaGuardia to deliver the keys! We got to the boarding gate before boarding started!On our drive home from the Airport 2 hours away from home, we got a call to make sure the driver had gotten us the keys and to tell us they'd love for us to stay again....I replied of course, we will. We'll never stay anywhere else!	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Place Great Location	We spent three nights at the Marriott East in Manhattan. We've travelled to NYC 5 times in the past and this hotel was, by far, our best selection yet. The room was quite large (unusual for NYC) and appeared to be recently updated. The beds were terrific and SOOOO comfortable. The concierge staff was very knowledgeable and helpful--even recommend a show that was right on target and arranged for the tickets to be delivered. The lobby serves great drinks and bar food, but it is too close to the hustle and bustle of the door/check-in/elevators. Staff was friendly and helpful. Great location. Across street from the Waldorfy, close to subway, close to Rockefeller Center, etc. etc. We will certainly try to stay at this hote on our next venture to the city.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Hotel	This Hotel was great. Very clean, the beds were sooooo comfortable,nice bar/lounge area for just hanging out waiting for friends. The hotel staff was great.	
Oct 12 2009 	Well located	I have mixed feelings about this hotel. It wasn't awful, but I will look for somewhere else next time I am in New York.The room size was smallish, but not claustrophobic. The bathroom worked fine. They have refrigerators in the rooms, which is nice. The concierge lounge was fine, but the outside is closed due to construction. There was hammering outside a bit during the day because of construction - and this could be heard inside the room. Not a problem if you're out for meetings, but if you are working in the room, it is not so fun.There are good restaurants nearby and it is well located. There is a CVS up the street and a few places with takeout sandwiches.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Value and Location	I recently spent five days at the Marriot East Side and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The staff was extremely friendly we arrived five hours before check in and an early check in was not an issue at all. I also forgot my toothbrush and 5 minutes after calling to the front desk one was delivered to my room. The location at 49th and Lexington is great for exploring midtown on foot. You are also only two blocks from the E,V and 6 trains which makes it easy to reach any where in Manhattan in around 30 minutes. I got a great deal on room $ and will definitely be staying here again on my next trip to NYC.	
Oct 8 2009 	Never Again	Terrible hotel. This was our first trip to new york. If going again will stay somewhere else.Very unfriendly desk staff. Had read reviews about unfriendly staff and thought it didnt matter, but it does matter when trying to sort out problems. The internet didnt work in the room for our whole stay. Very annoying when I really needed to check my e-mails. They kept telling us it would be fixed soon. They got us to phone support who just left us on hold.The business centre is a joke. Two computers squeezed into a tiny corner, practically on top of each other, no privacy whatsoever. (very expensive to use). The girl at the desk in business centre was the most surly looking hotel staff member I have ever met.Our room looked out onto a building site. Our first night there seemed to be a generator operating all night. Luckily we were all so tired we slept through the noise. The noise stopped the next morning. When we mentioned it to staff we were told all rooms were full and if the noise came back to let them know. Luckily the noise didnt come back. Dont know what we would have done considering the hotel was supposedly full.I had read reviews that said bathrooms were small with no extractor fan. They are tiny and yes they get very stuffy and steamy. We had a room for 4 people and there was one tiny wardrobe.Be wary of the type of Taxi the Bell Boy gets you.He booked us a cab which we thought was the normal cab. 55USD incl. Tolls and tipsIt was a black car. They dont use tunnels or toll bridges. It took much longer to get to airport and we were nearly late for check in. Just get your own yellow cab outside hotel or insist on yellow cab.	
Oct 1 2009 	Very nice hotel	We arrived mid-afternoon and got our room immediately. The room is somewhat small but for NYC its what I excpected. The room was very nice, bed was as comfortable as I've had a hotel. The room has a refrigerator so you can walk down the street 2 blocks to the Duane Reade Pharmacy and purchase water, pop, beer or snacks to keep in the room. Location is great. Reasonable walking distance to many attractions a short distance to 5th St, Park Ave and Broadway. Hotel is on Lexington Ave and the #6 subway train is &quot;the Lexington Line&quot; so you can catch it 2 blocks away at 51st or 6 blocks away at Grand Central(42nd). Didn't use many amenities as we were gone most of the day, but this was a great hotel to come back to every night.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great stay but noisy at night	Spent 9 nights here and enjoyed the stay very much except that they are building a new hotel next door and there is a lot of construction noise at night. I travel a lot so I always bring ear plugs just in case - front desk also offered them for free if you ask. To try and get away from the noise as much as possible, try to get a room with a low room number (ie: 1201,02 etc) the side with the construction is ##19+.We chose this hotel as you can walk to most of the mid-town attractions like Times Square, Central Park, 5th Avenue Shopping etc. in about 10-20 minutes. Subway is only 2 or 3 blocks away and Grand Central is about 6. Contrary to a previous contributor, we found everyone very helpful. If there was ever a line up at the front desk, they seemed to have staff floating in the lobby that came up to you to see if they could expedite your request. Everyone always gave us their names and volunteered their services personally if we were to call on them in the future. Concierge lounge only closes Friday afternoon to Sunday evening. Even though i am not a Gold or Platinum member I managed to get Lounge access by paying a few extra dollars which I think is worth it as you get free food and non-alcoholic drinks. So for the cost of 2 breakfasts downstairs, you can have free continental breakfast and all the bottled water you can drink for the duration of your stay.Restaurants I would recommend the are close are Avra (literally around the corner) and David Burke Towne House (10 blocks North). There is a 24 hour drug store 2 blocks south for anything you may need too.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great location and helpful staff but amenities have deteriorated...	I stay at the Marriott East Side regularly for business, typically one-night trips. The location is fantastic, rooms are comfortable and the front desk and business center staff are always friendly and helpful. My most recent trip was my first multi-night (3) in a while, and I found the amenities disappointing. Room service is limited to 6:00am-11:00pm, and while there are small refrigerators in the room, there is no mini-bar - not very convenient for travelers that get in late and have to be up early for meetings (concierge level service wasn't even available). Most annoying was the wi-fi service, which was painfully slow!! It made it extremely difficult to get work done in my room. I will likely still stay at the East Side when in Midtown (convenient location, good value) but would like to see more functional amenities catering to business travelers, specifically faster broadband!	
Sep 17 2009 	A City Christmas	For our Christmas vacation, we were able to take the train into Grand Central Station, and then right into the hotel without even going outdoors. Although we had seen a review that mentioned an unfriendly staff, our greeting could not have been nicer! We were greeted like old friends. The train station is very festive at Christmas time: a lovely arts and crafts fair (where I bought all my Christmas gifts), a periodic light show of the constellations on the ceiling (applause from the travelers often follows!) and, again, without braving the weather, we had a marvelous dinner at a steakhouse in the station. The concierge got us theatre tickets, we went to concerts, explored the city ,and all our suburban neighbors were very envious of our &quot;Christmas travels&quot; when the holday was over..	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Location - shame about the rest!	I booked the Marriott Eastside for a 4 night stay for a shopping trip with my sister due to its central location. I've stayed at several Marriotts before in the UK and Europe and have found them to be to a good, high 4 star standard.We booked a twin room (2 double beds). On arrival (late at night after a very long flight..) we were told sorry, we only have a room with one king bed for you. The hotel had overbooked on its twins and as a late arrival we were the unlucky ones. The receptionist agreed to put an extra bed in the room (you'd think they might have had they initiative to do this before our arrival given that a twin room had been booked!!). After much prompting he eventually said he'd try and move us to a twin the following day. Fine said we. The whole process seemed like trying to pull teeth, he clearly seemed to have no interest in us at all. After being given no info about the hotel amenities, we asked when breakfast was and were told until midday. Shame we came down the following morning to discover it was finished at 11.No-one we spoke to seemed in the least apologetic that the room type we booked wasn't available. Maybe this seems a small thing, but part of the reason we chose the hotel was to have a reasonable size room with 2 double beds, which few hotels offer.The room itself was very small - and i mean small. I am used to London hotel rooms which can be truly box like - in America you expect something larger! We had a panoramic view of a building site (drilling commenced at 7am) and a large brick wall.The website said the hotel had been recently refurbished but the only signs i could see of this in the bedrooms were the flat screen tvs. The carpet was tatty and there wasn't even a mini bar. The room felt stale and there was a rather unpleasant musty smell through the hotel, even in the towels. The bed I must admit was very comfortable (the king bed not the camp bed!).Next day we were told there would be no twin rooms available for the duration of our stay. After much probing for some kind of acknowledgment of the inconvenience caused to us, the staff eventually said they would move us to a larger room (still with king bed and camp bed style arrangement) and offered us a comp breakfast. That room must have been about 2 sq foot larger than the first. The view of building site remained, albeit a less noisy side of the site!On checkout, the receptionist charged the bill straight to my card without even showing a print out first - (this is just common politeness?!) I then had to ask them to refund the complimentary breakfast - which they had charged us for !! - back on to my card.The biggest issue for us was the lack of service offered. I understand that hotels get full and don't always have the right rooms, but not once did anyone apologise for this or offer anything as a solution - i had to push all the way for a room move. I work in the hotel industry and know what is possible with a tiny bit of effort and a smile. When travelling to America, with it's famous friendly service we expected better.Maybe this hotel does too well purely just from its location and feels that service is not necessary. I was really disappointed - I would have expected much better from a brand like Marriott.For those looking for a nice hotel in this area - try the W hotel next door!!	
Sep 9 2009 	Comfortable rooms	stayed 6 nights and enjoyed entire stay. checking in was fast and front desk effecient and courtious. great bellman! i did not care for any of the recomendations from resturants to broadway shows the concierge desk offered. clean room, very comfortable beds and room, small but effecient bathroom space. bonus fridge in rooms.the location is pretty good. the 6 train uptown is one block from the front door. grand central is a 5 min walk from the front door. waldorf is across the street. times square, rock center 10 min walk.i did not use many of the hotel services so cannot comment on. i did use the business center which was terrific for shipping fedex, printing boarding passes, email.	
Sep 3 2009 	great location excellent value	stayed here for 5 nights first visit to new York. excellent location very central. Room 2 double beds recently refurbished. Fridge in room was very handy and safe. very clean friendly all you could ask for. Booked via octopus travel and had a superb deal of £65 a night !!!	
Sep 1 2009 	Location Location Location!!!	It was fabulous to walk to Central Park, the Met, up 5th avenue and drool at all the windows. Or walk over to Rockefeller Center for drinks &amp; photo opts. We Loved this hotel!!! We received a high floor (26) and it was a corner unit which was great for 3 ladies BUT we only had ONE bed.....it was a king and we did get a roll away....but it would have been nice to have 2 beds. I heard many people complaining at the front desk...they just don't have enough rooms with double beds. Would I stay here again???? Absolutely!!!! The location is prefect!Easy to grab train, bus or cab. So much to see in the area.On our way to the airport the bellmen hooked us up with a towncar $40! included: fare, tip and tolls!!! thats the way to go......when we returned from lunch our bags were already in the trunk..... FABULOUS TRIP : )	
Aug 28 2009 	Great location!	This hotel was at 49th and Lex, you can see just about everything from there.. walking distance. And yes, I know everything in the City is pretty much walking distance... but you could get to TONS of places no sneakers needed... if you know what I mean. Grand Central is like 10 short-blocks away, Central Park, Time Square, Rock Center &quot;Today Show&quot;, shopping and restaurants.. Cheesecake at Juniors! A bit pricey for those that want to save moola for nights out... but if it's just location you are looking for then you save on taxi fare in the end. Both &quot;huge&quot; Tour Bus lines stop right infront.. Downtown Loop , Uptown Loop, Brooklyn Loop... etc. So you can get just about anywhere all day (every 15 minutes) Even the Ferry (Free Statue Ferry) drop off too. And the cost is about $50 for 48 hours.... so good deal. The guide is nice too... lets you know all about everything and you can stop all along the way. Concierge at the hotel can give you maps and they were really informative with all things local. You can order tickets and everything right there in the lobby. The service was a bit blah... very clean, but I found it odd that I ordered things that never came (not charged) but in the end... I wanted it!! lolThe hotel does have great weekend packages so check those out before booking. We visited American Girl Doll store and they have a package for that (kids get a bed for their doll as part of the package - very nice).Concierge/Business center access isn't really worth it... unless you want to just snack. ($70 a day per person for Fruit Bars in the AM, Small Sandwichs in the evening and various cookies in the PM)... better off popping by CVS down the street (2 blocks) for $10 to buy the same thing... And rooms have frig!! The only thing that was the pitts in the end was the Elevators... run so slow... small too! Floors 16 and above are the greatest... but you might end up waiting 15 minutes for a ride on the lift.... Not sure why (maybe one was out of service or something).. the place holds functions as well so they are busy.. I wouldn't call the lobby quite but the floor our room was on was very peaceful.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great location and comfortable room	Valet service was quick and courteous. Check in was long and slow. Was told our room wasn't ready yet and gave me a slip of paper and said they would call me. We waited in the hotel lobby, would have been better if the lounge was open. It did eventually and had a drink, very nice bartender. People were checking in and going immediately to their rooms so I ventured back to the desk and asked and lo and behold the room was ready! Was not given a reason why I didn't get called.We had a room on the 14th floor, two windows, adequate size for NY. Wish it was higher as the street noise was loud early in the a.m. Downfall was the bathroom door was a step away from the bed. Room was clean and modern. The bedding was the best, felt like I was sleeping on a cloud. Bathroom updated too, but could use a fan, but was clean. Hotel cleaning crew were very polite and always said hi and had a smile on their face. Plus was also having a refrigerator and safe in the room. Checkout was quick and valet service too.The hotel is close to Grand Central Station and we walked to Times Square, Rockefeller Center and Central Park with no problem. We would stay here again.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great location and excellent service	I went to NYC with a friend to take our girls (age 8) for a fun long weekend and to visit the American Girl Store. It has a great location, friendly and helpful staff , clean rooms. We arrive around 10:00 and the room was ready.....the best part was that we were upgraded to a suite. Didn't try the restaurant since there are many good ones in the area. Will stay at this hotel again. Check for rates, we were able to get the best rate at Marriott.com.	
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent Hotel	My husband and I, along with our friends, stayed at this hotel for three nights this past weekend. We loved the hotel and have no complaints regarding our stay. The location was perfect and the rooms were plush, clean, cool, and updated. Our view was a slightly obscured by the scaffold that an earlier reviewer mentioned but we were still pleased. The staff was very courteous especially William, the security officer. The hotel was in walking distance of the Rock, NBS studios, etc. Also there were several late night eateries, which we frequented. I also like the fact that the drug store was one or two blocks away and we were able to buy water bottles and milk to place in the fridge provided in the room. The hotel was also right across the street from the Waldorf=Astoria- if you have a chance, walk through the W=A for a beautiful view. The subway was around two blocks away as well. We would most definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent location comfortable and value for money	On arrival the front desk dealt with us efficiently. The only complaint I had was that the doorman did not help me with the bags to my annoyance.The room was quite small compared to what I am used to in hotels but more than adequate and was big enough for 2 double beds. It was well decorated and fresh.It had a work desk big enough for my laptop computer and other electrical items.The room also had another table and chair and a flat panel LCD TV. There was a good wardrobe (closet) for hanging clothes and storing the luggage. The bathroom was quite small but again, more than adequate and very clean.Marriott offers wired and wi-fi internet access. I had problems connecting to the wi-fi but after a call to the front desk they put me through to a help line where my issue was dealt with in less than 5 minutes. Wi-fi is a bit pricey though. I used Boingo as an alternative afterwards.We did not use the restaurant but did use the bar after sightseeing in the City all day. Try the Brooklyn Lager it is really quite good.For breakfast we ate at the Midtown Restaurant on East 55th Street. This was much better value than the hotel breakfast.When you step outside the hotel there are many amenities. Restuarants, bars, coffee shops etc.To stock up on water and snacks for the day, there are a couple of pharmacies very close by. Unlike in Britain, the pharmacy/drug store is also a convenience store. The main chain is Duane Reade. Take a left out of the hotel entrance on Lexington Ave and walk for a minute or two to find the nearest one.Overall, the hotel is comfortable and clean and the staff efficient. I am very fussy when staying in hotels and would have no problem staying here again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Nice hotel good location expensive broadband!!!	We had a very nice stay at this hotel. The location was central and pleasant, and by NY standards, the room was a good size with very comfortable bed, fridge, the usual amenities. The view was not great and for the first few days made worse by scaffolding - I'd have appreciated a warning at check-in that extensive building work was being carried out directly outside our window (I opened the blinds to be faced with a lot of burly men on scaffolding - awkward moment). The hammering and drilling commenced before 7am most days but thankfully stopped a couple of days before the end of our stay at which point we could see daylight again! The staff were excellent - pleasant and courteous - very helpful. One major gripe is the cost of the internet connection - $16.50 per day or thereabouts. I think we now live in an age where we expect this service for free when staying in a decent hotel. Other than that a nice stay and I'd probably stay there again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Perfect Location - Great Stay	We couldn't have been happier with the size of the room, cleanliness and location. Minutes walk from Rockefeller Center and Grand Central Station. The staff was VERY helpful and friendly. We also got an unbelievable price $139/night with AAA discount!!! Even the reservationist couldn't believe it. It was the perfect comfortable stay during an event packed weekend - Ballet, Paul McCartney, Ellis Island, Metro. Mus. of Art and Restaurant Week! We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 15 2009 	Nice Hotel - but not great	I had the experience of visiting NYC twice in 2 months. This hotel is across from the Waldorf Astoria - near NBC Studios - and is about a block from the subway. Rooms were nice - clean - staff was courteous...The elevators were small and they were often backed up during peak use. I preferred staying at the New Yorker in midtown, as it is a more lively neighborhood.	
Jul 1 2009 	really nice hotel	Stayed here only one night. Really nice hotel, cheap prices.	
Jun 17 2009 	Fabulous location great hotel"	This was a perfect hotel for our famiy of five for an overnight to celebrate my 15 year old's birthday. Location central, all staff courteous and friendly and valet parking reasonable and convenient. We were given the two adjoining rooms which were well equipped, spacious and comfortable. Beds are really exceptionally comfortable. Lexington Ave is pretty noisy, but in spite of the garbage trucks, we got a good nights sleep. Both rooms had small refirgerators and coffee pots as well as safes. It met all our needs and then some. On the down side, the bathrooms could use better ventilation and were small. No big deal.	
Jun 5 2009 	Loved the location	To enjoy and experience the Big Apple one has to live at the Upper East Side in Manhattan. The Marriott at Lexington &amp; 49th is superbly postioned to to enjoy the various sights and places that NY offers. It is an old hotel and obviously needs refurbishment considering how much it costs to stay! However, if one can overlook this factor the place is ideally situated within taxi and metro distance of all the major areas of NY city. The hotel does have an old world charm but lacks the finesse and poshness one would associate with this brand. The stay was quite pleasant and uneventful. The staff is friendly and polite considering its NY City !	
May 26 2009 	Really improved hotel	4 years ago, we had a terrible stay at this hotel. It was old, rooms &amp; baths needed repair, billing was awful, housekeeping dreadful, not one good thing to say 4 years ago. Hotel had major rennovation recently and they did a great job. Rooms and baths are super clean, billing was perfect, they truly did an excellent job during this stay. Bellmen Patrick and Jimmy are the best, so helpful. Breakfast buffet much improved. Definitely recommend. Location is good.	
May 25 2009 	Four Stars for $139 in Mid-Town!	We got a fabulous deal for Memorial Day weekend. Had to stay at least 3 nights and be AAA members. Great location, right across Lexington from the Intercontinental and the Waldorf, next to the W and the Doubletree, plus many nore hotels. Easy to hop on subway or catch a cab. It was a bit noisy Thurs night with a 4:30 am trash truck outside, so they comped us a free room service breakfast (usually 2 eggs are $20, coffee is $8 + $4 charge + 15%). Unless it's free, you can do better for breakfast a block north. The sidewalk cafe next door on 48th was Mediterrranean and fabulous. The king room was clean, not too small, with a coffee-maker, fridge and safe, but the movies on TV didn't work. The bath was spacious, shower only. The toilet was one of those newer kinds with less water, but noisy. We were at Penn station when we noticed that one of our 5 bags was someone else's. The bellhop had stored our luggage the last day as our Vamoose bus to Bethesda($25, every 5th trip free) was in the evening, and when we picked it up they gave us one that looked like ours but wasn't. The hotel was quick to fix: found our bag, brought it by cab to a Starbucks at 31st and 7th Av., and picked up the wrong one, all in 25 minutes. Impressive. The hotel does not have a great huge lobby, but the lobby bar was fine. We had to take 3 elevators to the top floor fitness center, but the views were great from there. Internet was $16, and parking would have cost more than the car. For the money, it was super, plus we got Marriott points.	
May 22 2009 	Terrific service beautiful rooms and outstanding location.	We were celebrating our 30th anniversary and enjoyed our stay immensely. We were there for 4 days. Because of my Marriott Platinum membership level, I was given a room upgrade to a high floor. This meant that it was relatively quiet. We did use the hotel as a home base for exploring New York. There are a lot of good restaurants within easy walking distance. Daily housekeeping was flawless, and everything in the room was perfect. I was able to get a deal through Marriott's website, so our room rate was very reasonable for NYC (~$250/night) but the price on the back of the door was four times that. So if I was paying rack rate, I wouldn't call this a great value. For us, it was great.One of the best things about this location is that you're away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square and the Rockefeller Center, but it is a relatively short walk to Central Park, the theater district, and the Rockefeller Center. There is also a convenient subway stop only a block away that makes it easy to get to all parts of New York in a matter of minutes.Overall, this was a terrific stay.	
May 6 2009 	Great Hotel - Great LOcation	This is a fantastic hotel in New York that is excellently situated close to all the attractions but far enough away to offer a peaceful break from the relentless hustle and bustle that is Manhattan. We checked in on a cold snowy evening, some 6 hours later than planned after heavy delays as JFK. The staff on check in were efficient, polite and helpful. Initially we were given a room on the 7th floor, but when the clerk checked our reservations and noted that we were staying for a week she kindly upgraded us to a much larger room on the 27th floor. The hotel and room was well appointed and clean. He bathroom was generously sized and the room cleaned and tidied early each morning. The room was quiet and the bed so comfortable! This was a great stay and I would encourage anyone to stay at this location –10/10.	
Apr 30 2009 	My favorite NYC Marriott	I love this Marriott for its location but also the awesome staff. This was my second time staying at the hotel and even better than my first two years ago. Upon arriving, my friend and I chatted with the woman who was checking us in. She mentioned the hotel wasn't very busy but would pick up over the weekend, and that she would be able to give us a room with two double beds instead of one king, which was great. After a couple more minutes of chit-chat we went to our room and realized-- WE GOT HOOKED UP!!! The room was huge by NY standards. There was plenty of space to walk around, a large closet and a nice-sized bathroom with a stand-alone shower and large tub with jets. The beds were super-comfy and had reading lights attached to the headboard. The view from the windows was cut off halfway down by the wall, but that wasn't a big deal since we weren't spending much time in the room anyway. I was a little sad to leave our room at the end of our stay, and though that rarely happens in the city with most rooms measuring the size of small closets, I have always had great luck with Marriott.	
Apr 25 2009 	Nice room and nice staff great location.	Very nice room (junior suite), nice staff, very clean, great location and if you are travelling to another city and returning to NY in some days to stay again in the hotel, you can keep your baggage with the doorbell for 3 dolar per bag per day.	
Apr 20 2009 	Could it be better	I went with my family to spend easter weekend, when we checked in we discovered that the 2 rooms booked where at different floors, because we have small children, we asked for a better choice, but they told us they were full, even so we were arriving early. It´s hard to imagine a 30+ floors 500 rooms hotel were you could not find two rooms in the same floor! The worst came when we had to take different elevators for each room, lower level and high level and by the time we arrived at the room we find out that the telephone line of my children room wasn´t working. We had to spend the weekend taking to the operator! Everything else was nice.	
Apr 17 2009 	So Glad We Chose This Hotel!!	My son actually found this hotel, and I decided to just book it and trust his judgement, he's 15. They gave us a great rate, and when we arrived at 11:30am, they allowed us to checkin early. When we opened the door, it was the largest hotel room I've ever seen, and the assistant manager at the desk told me he would give us a quiet room away from the elevators, which he did. It was such a beautiful room. All staff were courteous, everything was very clean, and the location was perfect! Even had a great bagel place up the street, and subway nearby. I definately recommend this hotel.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great hotel in a great location - recommended!	We stayed in Feb 2009 for 5 nights. Hotel is close to everything you want and has a great deli on the opposite corner which does amazing heros (sandwiches).Room we were in had a view of the Chrsyler Building. Bed was huge and sooo nice to sleep in.Room for New York is a good size and had everything we needed.Good gym on the top floor too!We would stay in this hotel and would recommend it. It is a bit pricey but compared to places i've stayed before was worth the money.	
Mar 26 2009 	Great Marriott - Best Concierge Lounge	Overall this is one of the top ten Marriott's for business travel. As a platinum level member I stay 75+ nights a year at Marriott properties. This hotel is very clean, very good service, and good location if you are working or need to get to offices in mid-town. It is also a 15min walk to Times Square. I was upgraded to a suite. This hotel also has the best concierge lounge of any Marriott property I've stayed in. The breakfast was great, they have an expresso machine so you can make your own coffee drinks. In the evening they put on a great spread. The night I was their they had two hot dishes, some nice sandwitches, and salad. No need to go out to eat. They also had cheese and crackers, and then they bring out dessert. They also have a self service bar, so you can pour yourself a nice drink. You have to pay for the alcohol, but it's self serve. Soft drinks and bottled water are free. There are a lot of restaurants around the hotel, from the inexpensive to the very expensive. BUT avoid Raffels coffee shop on the corner of 48th and Lex. The food was fine, but I thought it was way over priced, even for NYC. If you want a quite room ask for one on the inside of the &quot;U&quot;. The hotel is U shaped with rooms on the inside and outside of the U. I was on the inside and heard no street traffic. BUT you also don't have any view. If you want a view ask for a high floor room on the outside. But the hotel is on Lexington, so you will here street noise. The gym on the 35th floor is very well equiped, and it is free to guests.	
Mar 5 2009 	One of my favorite properties	So I have stayed at this Hotel on and off since 2000. What I love about this hotel are the rooms, and the windows. I have usually stayed in a corner room and love the views. Because it's an older building, there's something about it that makes it feel that much more New York. Of course the beds, linens and bathroom don't hurt either.I have met friends for drinks at the bar, but I'm not sure they have a resturant on site -if they do I've never eaten there. The lobby can get a bit busy at times, but the hotel is quieter than others I've stayed at on Times-Square, and feels very homy.The gym is up on top of the building, and takes a 2nd elevator to get to -I found it to be a little inconvient -esp in the morning when you want to workout get ready and hoof it to the train. It seems like that extra elevator ride takes too long! -But it's minor. Over all I really enjoy staying here, Lexington Avenue is a little out east for me, since I usually work downtown but I like this property better than the Brooklyn Marriott, or the downtown financial Marriott (which really needs work).	
Feb 26 2009 	Nice Hotel but nothing that says WOW!	I decided to stay in the Marriott since I had a friends and family rate and I took my girlfriend here for Valentine's weekend. The hotel looks nice but it is still in the process of being remodeled I think. The room is a bit smaller than usual and the plus side of the room for me was the bed and the TV. I really enjoyed the comfortable bed and the flat screen tv. My only negative about this hotel was the bathroom. I did not like how the bathroom did not have a fan in it. It is super quiet and you can pretty much hear everything the person is doing in there and it gets really stuffy.	
Feb 18 2009 	So Accomadating	What a great location, and the staff was so nice! I left my purse at the Hotel and the security dept. sent it the next day.	
Feb 15 2009	Marriott rocks even in NYC	perfect hotel for our needs. great location on 49th and Lex. quiet interior suite with a sliver of a view, for my wife and me. even outside rooms are quiet. wonderful breakfast room with wide selection, from smoked salmon to fresh eggs and fruit. good exercise room on top floor with great view. lobby is energetic and impressive but doesn't take five minutes to traverse like many hotels. plus I'm a big fan of Marriott beds and bedding. so even though there's lots of famed and boutique hotels in this city, I'm a big fan of this Marriott.	
Feb 14 2009 	NYC Overnight	Stayed overnight with my sister while we visited our brother and his family who live in Manhattan. Chose it because we had Marriott points to use and didn't want to be in one of their enormous hotels in the city. We had a nice corner room, looking out on the back of the Waldorf-Astoria, with two double beds. Nicely appointed and sized room but smallish bathroom. Still good for NYC. Very clean and modern. Comfortable beds and interesting artwork. Thoughtful staff.	
Feb 10 2009 	This is my favorite Marriott Property	I am a platinum member with Marriott. I stayed over 85 nights last year and htis is my favorite place. The staff is great, the rooms are small and quaint and the concierge floor is decadent, with food, drinks desserts etc. The right mindset will make this your favorite also. This is NYC and it is a hotel, things are expensive and with such a high volume bound to go wrong, the staff here is quick to fix whatever sliht was there perceived or actual. Give it a try and ask for a corner room, they are great and the location is the best	
Jan 30 2009 	Very NIce Hotel but Noisy	The hotel's location is ideal - right in the middle of key business and sightseeing areas. The staff was very nice and helpful, and the food at the bar was good. The room was small but adequate and nicely appointed. The TV was OK, but the Direct TV signal cut off on some major channels right at prime time. My one very real problem was the noise. Although I was on the 21st floor, it was very noisy at night. In particular, the trash truck came between 9:30 and 10:00 at night, took about 20 minutes to complete its run and it was very loud. It exceeded normal NYC noise. That was the only downside to the hotel.	
Jan 15 2009 	Good hotel and superbe loaction at a decent price	Spent 2 nights at the hotel on a business trip. The meeting places (law firms) were in walking distance, so location was ideal (but always take an umbrella with you if rainy weather forecasted). The room was nice, clean and well equipped, the bed very comfortable, coffee maker and ironing board available. Bathroom amenities are good. Fresh newspaper delivered daily, no slippers, flat screen TV but no international channels, e.g. BBC. Room a bit small, windows can be opened, view just to other blocks (was on 12th floor), and reasonably quiet. They were building something in the street below, even during the night. Staff friendly, business center with helpful attendance. No smoking in entire building. Lobby sympathetic, but always quite busy. Check in and out extremely efficient. Yellow cabs and private limos outside.	
Jan 8 2009 	Beautiful room	I came to NY with my 16 year old daughter, her friend and mother for some post Christmas shopping and to see a show.We had asked for early check-in since our train arrived at 11 am.Of course when we arrived at the hotel that was not going to happen. They held our bags for us and we went exploring. They were going to call our cell phone when our rooms were ready. By 3:00 we hadn't recieved a call, so we went back to the hotel. They had one room ready, so we took it. The other wouldn't be ready until 4. (Remember we asked for early check in) By the time we all got settled, we had 30 minutes to get ready to see Lion King. Almost impossible with two teenaged girls, but we made it. The beds were very comforable. Elevators were slow and you never knew if you were going up or down.Overall the hotel was nice, clean and close to everything.	
Jan 4 2009 	Disappointing Poor Service	I was on a business trip in Manhattan and had stayed previously at two other properties, Residence Inn Times Square and Affinia Dumont, both I can highly recommend and have written previous Trip Advisor Reviews on.Check in was average. Welcome was not welcoming. Small and busy lobby. This building is a bit old and the rooms reflect that. I was issued a small but quiet room. The bed was comfortable. There was a desk and a chair. The chair was a bit hard to position since the room was so small. I could hear a little noise from adjoining room.The bathroom was small too. The room was moderately clean but not thoroughly clean. Water pressure and temperature were okay.The plus in the room was there was a mini fridge.The plus with this property was the conciere lounge which had well stocked refreshments and snacks. Also the exercise room was well equipped too.The property was nearby to my workshop at PWC headquarters on Madision. I was attending USC CEO Stratgegy workshop and earlier in the week, attended a workshop at Cornell ILR's conference center on 34th and 5th.Prior to my last day I looked at bill to date and notice that I wascharged for a local call. I went downstairs and told the front desk person because of my Hotel membership level, I get free local calls. She told me they do not honor that at this property. This was typical of the service at this property.I don't know if the property mgmt. treats that staff poorly but I do not know that their staff does not treat their clients well.This is one of the worst Marriott properties that I have stayed at and I will do my best not to stay here again! There are several other properties nearby, Double Tree Metropolitian, Waldorf Astoria, Omni and several others. I do not recommend this property if this location is not critical, I recommend the Affinia Dumont or the Residence Inn, Times Square.	
Jan 4 2009 	Bad experience!	I booked this hotel in October direct with the hotel at a rate that was pre-paid. Upon arrival at the hotel, there was a problem with checking in. Although I had booked 2 rooms, we think that they only had 1 for us. The receptionist disappeared for about 20 minutes without any explanation. We were eventually given rooms on the 19th floor. The rooms were nothing special. Our room didn't have a view at all. We were here for 4 nights. One day, our childrens room wasn't cleaned till 8 p.m. and that was after making 2 phone calls!! On leaving the hotel, we found that the hotel had charged us on booking for only 1 room and not both of them. We had specifically wanted to pay in advance due to the changing rate of exchange, and now find that we are worse off due to their mistake. Thye tried to tell me that our bank had obviously not allowed the charge to go through. Unfortunately, I onlly booked this hotel as we were meant to stay at the New York Palace, but thought that it would be too expensive because of the rate of exchange. In retrospect, I'm upset that we changed and would not recommend this hotel. The only thing going for it is the location. The concierge didn't seem to know anything when we asked about restaurants.	
Dec 20 2008 	Nice location! Good hotel.	First, the location is wonderful. Across from the Waldorf-Astoria, the Inter-Continental and the W hotels. A couple of blocks or so from Rockefeller Center. The lobby is awful! Always crowded, noisy and much too small for this size hotel. However, in spite of a lot of people arriving at the same time as I did, the check in went smoothly.Once up to my room, things changed. The room was very large with two double beds (I was alone) but I like that as I put my luggage opened on one of the beds and left it that way. The room was attractive, the bathroom was good size with decent lighting. Although I faced 49th and Lexington, the street noise was not a problem. Big flat screen TV. Comfortable chair and table. Nice desk with ergonomic chair and good light. The restaurant was ok for breakfast but did not have any other meal there. Not too exciting and neither was the bar and lounge. In fact, the lounge was really just part of the small lobby. That entrance way is the weak point of the hotel. However, I would certainly stay there again as I don't sleep in the lobby!.There was a slight misunderstanding about the rate I was being charged as it was higher than the one on my confirmation. However, after a few minutes at the reception, they corrected it.	
Dec 16 2008 	Very Good Location	This location is perfect. Midtown and everything you want to see in Midtown is within walking distance.Rooms are small but up to Marriott's current standards.Bar is pretty boring, but you can go across the street to the Waldorf, the W or the Intercontinental (Barclay) for excellent bar scenes for the 50's types. There is a major hotel on each corner of this intersection.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great location	This hotel is at a great location. Restaurants, shops, public transportation, everything is just a few blocks away. The room was small, but very clean. Nice king size bed.	
Nov 19 2008 	Good Stay at the Marriott East Side	The location is excellent, rooms are smallish but clean, and there was a bit of traffic noise from the 9th floor. Nothing about the hotel really stood out as exceptional.	
Oct 31 2008 	Great Location Small Rooms	I have stayed at the Eastside, Brooklyn and Downtown Marriott on business travel. Even though the Eastside Marriott has the &quot;best&quot; name its rooms are definitely the smallest and the odds of you seeing anything other than another room from your window are low. The staff is courteous, the location is great, but except for the location the Eastside Marriott is inferior to its cousins.	
Oct 26 2008 	Poor Service	The day we checked in the customer service was poor. No one met us at the door to assist with luggage and no one welcomed us. The room was small and view was of another building. The construction outside was very noisy and woke us up every morning. When we checked out no one inquired about our stay. The only thing positive about the hotel was the convenient location to all the sites.	
Oct 9 2008 	Great stay at the East Side Marriott	We stayed 3 nights and loved the hotel. The room was small but very comfortable. The bed was fabulous - just what we needed after long days on our feet. The location is great - very close to subway and central park. There is a well-equipped gym at the top of the hotel with cardio machines, weights and individual TVs. I'd definitely stay there again - it was great!	
Oct 5 2008 	Would go back	Elegant hotel, perfect location.Room stylish, spacious, practical and very clean.Most of the staff were friendly and helpful, others (the minority) looked as if they didn't want to be there... but the whole New York experience made up for it all :)	
Sep 23 2008 	Great location	We recently stayed at the Marriott East Side for our second trip to New York. Being a 3.5-4 star hotel we were unsure what we would find, but were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were lovely and clean. The bed huge (king size) and comfortable. We had a room at the back of the hotel so we had no trouble with road noise. The hotel is situated across from the intercontinental hotel and Waldorff Astoria near the Chrysler building so it is a mere 10 minute walk to times square or 5th avenue for a bit of shopping. We had drinks in the hotel bar one evening and found them to be expensive so would not recommend this. Definetely would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in NY!!	
Sep 17 2008 	Dissappointing	Big room, however no minibar!What is that? How can you allow travelers not to have minibars anymore?Some things were obviously outdated: peeling wallpaper, some older furniture that they claim to have been &quot;refurbished&quot;.Overall a decent stay but not worth the money spent for a night in the city. Should've stayed at a hotel closer to tourism.	
Sep 1 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	Beautiful hotel. Room was on the small side, but not bad for New York. Room was spotless. We were in the back, away from the elevators so it was very quiet. Staff was wonderful. When the maid saw that there were 4 of us, she immediately provided extra towels, without being requested. Very nice touch. Was a little out of the way, kind of a long walk to Times Square, but not too bad.	
Aug 23 2008 	Very nice but very small	I thought the hotel was beautiful and elegant. Our room appeared to have been recently renovated and was very nice.  A plate of freshly baked cookies were available at the front desk, which was a nice treat on check in. The location is excellent but in a very expensive area of Manhattan. The subway is close, and I even took the subway/train to and from the airport with no problems. The Waldorf is right across the street (stayed there last time I was in town). I have one negative comment concerning our room. It was way too small to include a desk chair. The desk chair stuck out and was practically touching the bed. It was difficult to get by this - especially in the early hours of the morning on the way to the bathroom.	
Aug 19 2008 	Bad Times in NYC	I booked this room 3 months in advance and when I arrived they had given my room away. I had reserved a superior king on an upper floor. I was given a queen in the front side of the hotel which is noisy with traffic. So I requested a quieter room and was given a small room in the back of the building. It seemed quiet at the time but it was not. It was next to the elevator and could here it going up and down all night. Next morning requested another room and was attended to by a very nice young man. I was told to go out for the day as planned and they would switch me when I got back. They lied. They had given my room away again and the only room I could now get was the smallest queen ever. I had to open my suitcase half way under the desk, after putting the desk chair on top of the club chair. What an awful stay in that hotel. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 6 2008 	Lovely hotel in brilliant location	Loved it! We stayed at the Marriott East Side in Manhattan over 4th July weekend so were expecting to pay a fortune for the room but were really impressed with the prices from hotel.com for our stay. The hotel was in a fantastic location (no more than 15-20 minutes walk to Times Square, 5th Avenue, Central Park and most major attractions). We were on the 25th floor and had a real city view (Waldorf Astoria just a stone throw away). The staff were great - very friendly and helpful. As soon as we checked in the staff took care of everything and the Porter arrived with our bags within seconds. He was really bubbly and gave us a lot of good advice (all of which turned out to be spot on!) - like where to go for the 4th July fireworks, how to get to places and the best times to be there. The NYC pocket maps at the hotel were a godsend.The room was for 3 people and there was more than enough room for all of us. It was very clean and obviously refurbished recently as it wasn't as dated as some of the other hotels we'd checked out in Manhattan. There was a huge king-sized bed (which I guess is Superking in the UK) and even the fold-out bed was comfortable. The bathroom was a decent size - it wasn't huge but had a bath and shower (which was great). We also had an ice machine right outside our room which came in useful!Checking in and out was painless and when it came to arranging a late check-out, there were no issues whatsoever. We had help with booking our seats for our return flight and also checking the weight of our luggage.I can honestly say I don't have a bad word to say about the hotel.I'd definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 2 2008 	A Little Tired but Great Location	A great location made this this ideal venue, but the hotel itself was a little tired. The rooms were dark and the whole place felt old-fashioned. The executive club was closed at the weekend, but when it was open had a good selection for breakfast. Overall an okay experience, but not a five-star experience.	
Aug 1 2008 	LIED to	Was guaranteed a KING bed. Lied to upon arrival, and put in a room with a FULL bed, not a queen or a king. Called their customer service and was told that I was wrong, and its a queen. I cant even fit in this little bed, the hotel was WILLING TO DO NOTHING for me	
Jul 3 2008 	Nice hotel in central Manhattan	RoomsI had a nice big room with a king size bed on an upper floor, as requested. Room was equipped with a safe, coffee maker, iron and enough closet space.The hotel in general and facilities24h fitness studio with steppers, treadmills and basic weight machines is available on the 35th floor with a nice view over midtown Manhattan.Wifi internet is available for a fee of USD 15.95 plus tax/day.ServiceFriendly and efficient staff throughout.LocationThe hotel is centrally located on Lexington Ave and E 47th Street, not far from the UN and other midtown locations.	
Jun 4 2008	Great Hotel	I stayed at the Marriott Eats Side May 19-21 for a conference. The hotel is in midtown in what I call &quot;lawyer city&quot; as there are probably ten thousand lawyers in a ten block radius. As a business traveler to New York it is a great hotel, pretty lobby, nice rooms, comfortable beds, safe area, near the subway, etc. As a pleasure visitor I would not stay here because the area of town is dead at night. There are not many good restaurant choices nearby. However it is good for a conference. It is within a block of the W Hotel, the Intercontinental, and the Waldorf-Astoria. The one thing that really made me angry though was that there is a $16 charge for the internet. It should come free.	
Jun 4 2008 	Fabulous NYC Vacation	Just returned from 5 nights in NY and have one word for this hotel....PERFECT. Great location and staff was always friendly and helpful. Had read some scary reviews, but everything was lovely. Rooms recently renovated. Decided for more space so we booked the junior suite which came with a fridge. Even though we were on the 6th floor, never heard any noise. Not much of a view but peacefully quiet. Also never had to wait for an elevator. If you are a Marriott Rewards member, I definitely recommend taking advantage of the concierge lounge on the 16th floor. Good breakfast, drinks, snacks, and desserts. If Kenda is working, she is the best concierge I've ever worked with. She printed subway maps and gave us some great tips for our vacation. I will definitely stay here again!!	
Jun 3 2008 	Fantastic location	Superb on all accounts! The rooms are on the smallish side, but the Marriott standard is in every detail. It is very clean; the linen and bath towels are luxurious. Coffee making available in the room and housekeeping are very obliging if you want more supplies. There was a tiny fridge in our room in addition to the minibar, which was excellent for storing some bought water, fruit and yoghurts for breakfast.The reception service is wonderful – very courteous and nothing is too much trouble attitude prevailing throughout. Drinks and snacks from the bar downstairs were first class.The absolute best about this hotel though was its location. It was incredibly close to the Chrysler Building and the Grand Central Station; a short stroll to MOMA and Guggenheim and a pleasant 20 minute walk to the Empire State; beautiful East side Brownstones all around; Waldorf Astoria literally across the road; Bergdorf around the corner. The subway station is also a stone’s throw away. From there you have easy access to the CBD and the Staten Island Ferry, Central Park, etc. For the shopaholics – Macy’s, Barney’s, Century 21 and the rest are all within easy reach.From the airport – it is worth arranging transport via the hotel. It appeared to be a very cost efficient option and the service was great – on time, help with the luggage, safe.	
May 16 2008 	Very comfortable hotel in a great location	I have just returned from a 4 night stay in this hotel. We had a standard double room on the 19th floor overlooking Lexington Avenue. The room was small, as was the bathroom, but I think that this is fairly standard for NY and it didn't detract from our stay. We arrived before check-in time and had no problem with getting a room straight away. It was also no problem to get a late check out on our departure day. The bed was exceptionally comfortable (with the new bedding that is now standard in all Marriott hotels). As a Platinum Rewards member we had access to the executive lounge which provided a great breakfast and a very helpful concierge. We found all of the staff to be helpful and courteous throughout our stay. The location of the hotel is great with easy access to the subway. I would definately stay in this hotel the next time I visit NY.	
May 15 2008 	Never Again	The front desk staff are ingenuine and rude.The website is misleading regarding the number of rooms they have with double beds. One would think that if they are selling a room for 5 nights to two people who request 2 double beds, and they already know all of those available rooms are spoken for, they would indicate that over the phone when the reservation is being made. But no, we got here and they said &quot;oh, all of those reservations were taken long before you made your reservation. We can bring you a roll away.&quot; Okay... for $400 per night - a roll away sounds just dandy. But okay, we are flexible. Little did we know we were not quite flexible enough to squeeze both of us AND a roll away bed into the VERY small room. And laughably, the man who brought the roll away suggested the best location would be in front of the door. With our luck, in this old place there would be a fire. Anyway, we are going to put the other furniture in the bathroom and maybe squeeze the bed in under the super-small window that looks directly into another guest's room. After seeing what I saw, I wish I had the view of the brick wall.Pure comedy, at this point. We are staying here for a conference - I wish I had checked this website before booking our rooms here! A couple years ago we stayed at the Grand Central Hyatt - Now THAT was an awesome hotel with an awesome concierge. They upgraded our room for no reason at all and called the restaurant we were going to to comp us a couple glasses of wine. Now THAT is service. If we could get our money back here, we would be back at the HYatt in a heart beat.	
May 9 2008 	Great location new rooms	Travel frequently to New York on business and have stayed here several times. This hotel has a really good location in midtown in a nce neighborhood. Rooms recently renovated, very clean, good staff. Highly recommend.	
Apr 28 2008	Good business hotel- except for Internet charges	I stayed one night at the Marriott before a business meeting and chose it due to its proximity to the meeting. My room was a decent size for a NYC hotel and, although the windows were small, they actually had a view. Because I was on a high floor (23) traffic noise was no problem at all.The real view was from the health club on the 32nd floor- I could see the backs of the building's gargoyles and the East River. The health club was well-equipped and uncrowded at 6:30 AM on a Monday- everything had a TV screen and earphones you could use if you didn't have your own. My only complaint was the radio they also played in the health club. Why do you need that when you have your own TV and it competes with the pounding of feet on the treadmill? They charged $15.95/day (plus tax) for their &quot;wired for business&quot; package, which is what you need to get on the Internet. This is extortion. A huge % of their target customers wants Internet access. Why not build it into the rate? (I believe that &quot;wired for business&quot; also includes phone calls in the US- but 90% of their target market probably also has cell phones.)Plenty of places to eat and drink nearby.in some places the hotel shows its age- the marble floors in the elevators have a few cracks and there was repair underway on the Health Club roof, which appeared to hsuffered some leaks- but it was clean and well-equipped. I would definitely stay there again, especially at the decent pay-in-advace rate I got on the hotel web site.	
Apr 21 2008 	metza-metz	We spent the w/e in NYC to see museums and eat in the Village.Hadn't been to NYC in ages and did stay in nicer hotels then. I found this property to be just OK. Having paid 300 a night we were certainly underwhelmed. The rooms are so small that only one person can walk around at once. Though its been updated it just seemed like a dark old hotel. Nothing special. Uncharming concierge.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great location great service great hotel	We stayed at the NY Marriott East Side March 31- April 5. We LOVED the location (4 blocks from Rockefeller Plaza) and just a few blocks from Grand Central and then another station at 51st street which was even closer. Lobby was nice and the conceirge desk was always helpful when we had questions about dinners, activites, etc. Bathroom was nice size, beds were super comfy (as with any Marriott hotel), decent sized room (remember you are in NYC) and we liked the flat screen tv in the room. A word of caution that has nothing to do with the hotel but do NOT use Lincoln Limousine if you hire a car to pick you up at the airport. They were (1) late (2) picked us up in a DIRTY, OLD Lincoln and we were driven around by (3) a rude, smelly gentleman who talked on his cell phone the entire time he weaved in and out of traffic. We spoke with the doorman before we left and he gave us a company that he has used for a long time. They were the same price as Lincoln Limousines but actually picked us up on time, was friendly, the car was CLEAN and the driver very, very friendly.	
Apr 11 2008 	Good Hotel	My partner and I stayed at the Marriott East Side and, all things considered (New York hotels), it was better than average. We were given a corner bedroom with three windows, which while facing Lexington (and noisy) were great for spying the city. Unfortunately the guests next door were very loud and at midnight we asked to be moved. The front desk was very apologetic and moved us. We ended up in a room on the back side (very, very quiet) but a bit smaller (but bigger bathroom). The room service seemed expensive, even by NYC standards, but was fairly decent. Loved the location, close to shopping and the park. You could do worse than staying here...	
Apr 8 2008 	Initially Disappointed...But Hotel Turned Things Around	I was attending a conference at this hotel and initially had some serious problems with some shipments I had made to the hotel, but the staff was more than helpful in their attempts to resolve the problems.Aside from the shipping issues, the hotel rooms were well appointed and relatively clean. I say this because when I checked into my room there was a used candy wrapper on the floor and a dirty towel hanging on the back of the bathroom door. Other than that, the sheets, tub and toilet were clean (at least they appeared to be). Also, as I walked barefoot across the floor and did not end up with dirty feet, I can attest that the floors were also clean. Because I was attending a conference, I took many of my meals in this hotel. The food was excellent. The staff (from the events coordinator, maids, front desk, security, business center and banquet set up) were all helpful and friendly. Phone calls, internet service and printing services at this hotel were very expensive, but given the location it was expected. The hotel is located within walking distance to a good many attractions and several restaurants of varying quality.	
Apr 8 2008 	Nice place to stay	My husband and I were part of a large business group that was booked into the hotel for a series of seminars. I was a tag along like the other spouses and children who just came in to enjoy the city. The hotel did a wonderful job hosting the meetings and providing private breakfasts, lunches and a Sunday brunch for our group. The hotel's location is very convenient for sightseeing, yet removed from the bustle/bedlam of Times Square. Unlike the Hilton which is a few blocks away, this Marriott has the feel of a boutique hotel. The valet service was quick to park our car and check-in was super fast. We had a nice refurbished room with 2 super comfortable double beds and a nice marbled bathroom. Our towels were fine so they must have upgraded. On the top corners of the headboards they've mounted small reading lights so you can read in bed without disturbing the other person which can often be a problem in traveling. I also found the room very comfortable temperature wise. So often hotel rooms can be very stuffy and you spend the night playing with the thermostat because it's either too hot or too cold. Even though the hotel has down comforters, there is a nice chenille throw on the bed that you can use as a light blanket if the comforter's too warm. Women of a certain age will get what I'm talking about.Our group was booked for a dinner cruise on the Bateaux which was something we normally wouldn't have done but it was really nice to see the lights of the city from on board a boat on the Hudson. We got really close to the Statue of Liberty and it's a beautiful sight lit up at night. You don't have to take the Bateaux as there are other tour boats that do night cruises and I highly recommend a relaxing cruise on the Hudson when the sun goes down. If you avoid the subway like I do, let me just give you a bit of advice about the cabs that I found out about on previous visits to the city. The cabbies change shifts at either 4 or 5pm depending upon what time they started in the morning. After 4pm it gets increasingly difficult to hail a cab unless you catch one dropping someone off at a hotel, etc. By 5pm on a business day, it's near impossible. If it's raining, forget it. So unless you plan to walk or take a bus or subway, keep that in mind and head back to the hotel before then. Also allow time to get a cab in the evening if you have dinner reservations too. This Friday evening some people were waiting about 10-15minutes for a cab around 8pm at the hotel. If you want to try to get reservations to popular restaurants, I suggest you make reservations days ahead of your arrival or else try for an early time. We've always had luck with that.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Stay at the Marriott East Side!	I stayed at the Marriott EastSide for a girls shopping weekend Mar 27-30. I used my Marriott points for the stay and had e-mailed the hotel directly requesting a room with 2 double beds. I received an e-mail back basically saying they couldn't guarantee 2 doubles but will note the request. We checked in at 10:30pm and to our delight we were given a spacious, corner room (3 windows!) on the 14th floor with 2 double beds!The rooms have just been remodeled completely with new comfy beds/linens, flat screen tvs, granite bathrooms and new carpet/wallpaper. It was really neat to stay in such an old, charming hotel with all the new amenities of a modern Marriott. I've stayed at the Waldorf and the W across the street during past trips to NY and liked the Marriott the best! The W was the worst ever- the room was about 10' x 10' (Tiny!!!!) great bar though.... and the Waldorf was nice but the bathrooms were very small. The Marriott is located in great spot- about 4 blocks to Rockefeller Center and 5th Ave for all the fun shopping.As for food, the concierge (was not the friendliest) but did give us some great recommendations. The bagel shop (Ess-a bagels) on 51st and 3rd was the best and Haru sushi 1 block up was great too! PJ Clarkes was good if you're looking for a casual meal.On my next trip to NYC I will most likely stay here again~ our other option using my points was the Time Square Marriott Marquis and I'm glad we didn't stay there. Walked past it one day and Times Square was dirty with tons of traffic and some creepy looking people.	
Mar 31 2008 	It was OK but Need to Know....	The rooms are very small and certainly not big enough for 3 people (12 year old). We had a standard king bed room and couldn't even fit a roll away eventhough I was led to beleive a sofabed was available. I was also led to beleive I could use the conceige lounge being a silver elite member. It's only for gold and up eventhough member benefits state this but their website does not so inconsistent.We stayed March 21-28, 2008 Come Monday morning we were awaken at 7am by construction at the hotel. They are adding onto the hotel and the jack hammering was right outside our window. We were promptly moved but thought they should have disclosed this since it took time out of our vacation to re-pack and un-pack AGAIN.The staff wasn't overly friendly or helpful, but did like Patrick (a bellman). The hotel is close to the subway (6 and E train). I would recommend the Residence Inn Times Square more than this hotel! The affina dumont is awesome too!	
Mar 28 2008 	Great location updated rooms	This was an old hotel that had a complete update. The room while small, had a king size bed and a large new TV, a desk and two chairs. The bathroom was all new with lots of counter space.The lobby is nicely decorated. The staff was pleasant and the concierge was helpful.	
Mar 26 2008	Nice Hotel Experience	I was staying at this hotel on business and it was my first time visiting the hotel. The rooms were updated, clean, good-sized for NY standards and comfortable. The only complaint that I had, was that the internet cable modem reception was sporatic, obviously that made it difficult for me to do business and was frustrating. If I was visiting this hotel on vacation I would have rated it an &quot;Excellent&quot;. I really liked the great view from the fitness center, not to mention the great workout equipment with tv's. You will not be disappointed staying at this hotel.	
Mar 25 2008 	Displeased and disappointed	This was the complaint I sent to Marriot, with slight amendments : My wife and stayed at MarrioT NY East Side last week from Mar 20 to 23. I must say that we will by any means necessary avoid Marriot hotels in the future.We had been recommended your hotel by a friend who actually works for Marriot in HK.Right from our arrival, unhappiness was caused:- We had an early flight in from Vegas, so we requested for an early check. No rooms were available, and a lady staff told us that. I persisted to ask if &quot;it was at all possible&quot; and &quot;what if we upgraded to another better room&quot;, and &quot;nothing at all, are u sure?&quot; - BOTH ladies at your front desk reacted defensively, with one even telling the other that &quot;I was already telling them that no rooms were available&quot;, and &quot;No, sir, it is just not possible, if we had we would give you the room&quot;. Their tone left much to be desired.Next, after checking in, I dialed &quot;At Your Service&quot; for slippers and toothpaste. The At Your Service button wasn't working - so I tried the operator (and note: nothing indicated that the button zero was operator) and had her redirect me. The guy At Your Service was disbelieving when I told him the button wasn't working and he protested &quot;But you are now speaking to At Your Service&quot;. I had to take pains to explain to him what happened. could i possibly have anything to gain from making up such a story ?Next, it took FORTY minutes for the staff to come to our room and ONLY with toothpaste. By then my wife and I were already trying to sleep due to jetlag. The slippers - which I had emphasized more heavily - were forgotten/missed. It took another 10 min for him to come with the slippers. Overall, there is very fake sincerity and pretense in the several staff we encountered - many clearly trying to avoid the fact that the hotel was small and old - tiny bathrooms, slow lifts, incredibly inconvenient access to the fitness center.&quot;Note: to get to the fitness center (which is small, at the top 35th floor with the view blocked owing to construction), u had to get to the 32th floor and then switch lifts. We stayed on the 15th floor which meant changing to the 16th floor to get to the 32th floor, and thereafter switching to the 35th. The hotel is more than 80 years old.	
Mar 19 2008 	Enjoyable Stay	Went to NYC over the weekend to take our son to a Broadway show. Used Marriott Rewards points to stay 2 nights at the Marriott East Side. The hotel is beautiful. As other members have said the rooms are in great shape since recently being renovated. We stayed on the 10th floor (not facing Lexington Street)...we were so happy that the room was quiet. Our previous stays in NYC usually end up with many sleepless nights because of the noise. Not so with this stay. Breakfast buffet is a bit steep. Costing over $70 for 2 adults and 1 child. I dont like the fact that they automatically add the gratuity to the bill because I feel that the wait staff does not work as hard to please because they know the tip is a given.	
Mar 9 2008	Fantastic hotel -- my #1 choice in NYC	In short -- an oustanding hotel!Rooms are recently renovated: beautiful, ultra clean, and comfortable.Location is perfect -- easy access to everything (Central Park, Times Sq/theater district, south to SoHo/Chelsea). Most importantly, it's far enough removed from Times Square (that entire area is now a very artificial, very non-NYC tourist trap) that you can see and experience the 'real' New York from this hotel.Service was over-the-top friendly and efficient (a rarity for Manhattan hotels). Doormen were friendly and speedy. We were greeted by a friendly manager whenever we walked up to the front desk area. Front desk staff were super friendly and efficient. I can't say enough about the quality of the service at this place.Bottom line: GREAT hotel -- both the building and the people.(My previous usual hotel in NY was the Sheraton Manhattan, which pales in comparison to this place. I'll definitely be at this Marriott when I return.)	
Mar 4 2008 	Not bad for NYC standards	I made reservations at this hotel for the proximity to a business client. The location is very good, the lobby and staff are very good. The room was clean and small (for $300/night) but it IS NYC in the middle of mid-town Mahattan. One problem with this hotel, EVERYTHING is at an additional cost....internet is $18/day, there is a bar (for a fee), breakfast/lunch/dinner, etc...whereas I've gotten accustomed to business hotels for travelers (where there is managers receptions, free breakfasts, free internet, etc) You wont find any of that here.	
Mar 3 2008 	Marriott East Side vs Marquis?...........	Having stayed at the Marriott Marquis in NYC on 2 other visits I decided to give the East Side a try. There are pros and cons of each hotel. Location..........The Marriott East Side is in a great location &amp; central to all things mid- town , from shopping to tourist attractions etc. I prefer this location to the Marquis because the streets surrounding the Marquis, in the center of Times Square, are always very crowded. This may be appealing for a first time visitor to NY but is not to me. Rooms..........Marriott East side rooms are very nice, with the comfy beds, flat screen TV and nice furnishings, however I don't think the towels have been upgraded. Room size is adequate, though rooms at the Marquis are larger. I also believe there should have been a robe in my room but there was not.Service.....A good experience at both properties. Check in probably a bit faster on the East Side, since it's a smaller property and you don't have to take an elevator or escalotor up to check in.Excellent service at the coffee shop and a very nice breakfast buffet.Bottom line is if you like a smaller more intimate feel of a hotel, the Marriott East Side will not disappoint you. If you prefer larger hotels with more restaurants etc ., than the Marquis will surely please.	
Mar 2 2008	Nice hotel great location	My wife and daughter had never been to NYC, and we particularly wanted to visit there during the Christmas season. Near the top of our list of things to see was Rockefeller Plaza, Saks 5th Avenue, and Radio City Music Hall for the Christmas Spectacular. This hotel was in an ideal location, a short walk to all of those sites, plus a subway station a couple of blocks north to get to the places too far to walk. Because of the proximity, we ended up going to Rockefeller every single night that week to enjoy the decorations. (As an aside, I highly recommend making at least one visit to NYC during Christmas season - loved it.)The hotel itself was very nice. The one drawback was that the room was smaller than we're used to having, but we didn't feel cramped, and it's not like we were planning to spend a lot of time in our room anyway. It was very clean, nicely decorated (especially the bathroom), and it was nice having a flat-screen HD television in the room. As members of the Marriott Rewards club, we got an added perk of access to the Concierge Lounge with free water, sodas, snacks, breakfast, etc. We took advantage of that every day. Every staff member we encountered was very friendly and courteous.	
Feb 22 2008 	First bite of the Big Apple	We stayed at the Marriott East Side for our first visit to New York . We stayed for 4 nights from Saturday to Tuesday. The location was great - we could walk to most of the city's sites from the hotel. The service was good and the staff were always pleasant. The room itself was smart and decor was fine. The beds deserve a special mention - I've never slept in such a comfortable hotel bed - somethig to be very grateful for after walking yer socks off around the city. The room was a quite dark and a little on the small side but I expect that this is typical of the New York mid price hotel range. Having said that, we had a great view on the 32nd floor - looking right out at the Chrysler building. The rooms also appeared to have good soundproofing - we heard very little noise from the neighbouring rooms. If there was one criticism of the room it would have to be the poor quaility of the towels. It may be being a bit picky but they really didn't fit in with the otherwise quality experience of the hotel.We ate in the bar one night - food was o.k but a little pricey - I'd avoid that - there's so many eateries on your doorstep. The bar area was surprisingly small for the hotel size and also stopped serving pretty early (about 11ish) - but again -there's plenty of places around that will serve you a drink later.	
Feb 17 2008 	Nice Clean New 	We stayed here for one night to celebrate a birthday in NYC. I used my Marriott Points for the stay and was not disappointed. We arrived at 11:00 am on a Saturday morning. We pulled right up to the door and the valet immediately took our bags and vehicle for parking. Valet parking was $50 per day, but very convenient for in the city. We were able to check right in. There were no problems with being so early. We even had choices of rooms. We asked for one far from the elevator so it was quieter. The front desk was very friendly, and helpful. Taxis are always available right outside the door. We were on the 12th floor and you could still here the street noise. I would suggest bringing a sound generator (white noise) with you if you are not used to sleeping in the city. We ate breakfast the next morning in the hotel. It was very good, and again the service was great. The room was completely remodeled with flat screen HDTV and marble baths. The room was very clean. We had one issue with the drain being clogged in the tub, but they came to fix it within 5 minutes of the call to the front desk. We will definitely consider staying here again.	
Feb 6 2008 	Nice location Nice convienent hotel	We stayed at the Marriott East Side for 1 night in January to celebrate our anniversary. The hotel is situated in midtown Manhatten between the 42nd and 51st metro stops. The hotel has flat screen tvs and a new decor and is very clean. However, they did not upgrade their towels. They felt like sandpaper. I never knew that I should bring my own towels to a Marriott. Unfortunately, our room was facing a brick wall. The staff were helpful when we forgot our toothpaste. There isn't anything to eat at the Marriott late at night. However, you are in NYC. Their was a street vendor on the corner of the Marriott (49th and Lexington) who satisfied our late night cravings. I would stay at this hotel again and maybe bring my baby next time so that we can visit NYC longer.	
Jan 20 2008 	Not the Greatest	Stayed here from 1/11 to 1/16. The lobby and common areas have an old world charm to them. The bar is open to the lobby and service was excellent with well spaced tables, even if the clientle was largely in God's waiting room. It is centrally located to many other major hotels, cabs were always waiting 24/7. It is a long walk but doable to Times Square, Central Station not that far away.Despite the renovations things are rough around the edges. Carpet in places is already worn, and in spots repaired with duct tape. Wall paper is poorly applied and cut around fixtures in the halls.My room was of average side, but nothing special. The heater/AC didn't work very well with the temperature swinging in the room. At one point the heater hissed like a Finnish sauna. Despite being on the 26th floor my one house sized window faced a brick wall six feet away, giving my room a prison cell like feeling. The bed was INCREDIBLY comfortable., the blanket warm and the sheets soft, and at the end of the day, that is really important. Nice soaps and shampoos provided by Bath &amp; Body Works were also a nice touch. The bathroom was large, with nice marble and tile finish, counterspace let me spread out.Rooms were not quietest and I could hear outside activity from the room. Elevators are small and there are long waits - the door to one elevator that was non-functioning on my floor was completely scratched up, not terribly impressive for a recent total renovation.Internet access fees were pricy on top of the room, at $15.95 a night plus tax. The small gift shop was also pricy, a pack of gum was $2!!!This isn't a &quot;bad&quot; hotel despite my misgivings above - this wasn't the nicest Marriott by far I've stayed at either.	
Jan 14 2008 	rough around the edges	We stayed here for one night on Saturday January 12, 2008. The location is great within easy walking disytance of lots of attractions. There are a lot of other hotels in the immediate area such as the Waldorf, Intercontinental, Doubletree and the W, so getting a cab was never a problem. It is also a 2 block walk to the subway.This is an older hortel that has recently been refurbished and they did a pretty good job. The lobby is not too spacious but has a very classy look to it. Our room on the 15th floor was relatively spacious with a king bed with great beddin, a 37 in HDTV and a small but adequate bathroom. Now mind youit was January in New York, yet we had to keep the air conditioner runing to maintain a decent temperature. When we got to the room the thermostat was set to 68degrees yet the HVAC unit kept blwing in cold air. We changed the setting to 72 and after a 1/2 hour or so it started blowing cold air again. We turned the unit off and by 2:00AM the romm temp had climbed to 78. By then we were happy to turn the AC unit back on.In the morning my wife used the hair dryer which was hidden on the top of the closet. It kept turning off and then shot aparks out. A wet head in NYC in January isn't fun. The desk staff could not have been more efficient or helpful but it hard to understand why a large hotel in the heart of Manhattan would not open it's restaurant on a Saturday night. Even more difficult to understand why last call for drinks in the only bar in the hotel was at 11:45. There were a numberr of people who came in around midnight to learn that they could not sit in the bar or have a drink.We did have breakfast in the restaurant. We did the buffet for $21.00. It seemed a little pricy but with $4.00 coffee and 4.00 juices the ala carte menu worked 0out even higher. To be fair the buffet was magnificent.All in all our experience was OK but there are a few kinks to be worked out.	
Jan 12 2008 	More than you'd expect from a Marriott	I stayed at the Marriott Eastside on a business trip. I was very pleasantly suprised. Here's the lowdown:1. Room nicely refurbished and fresh with down comforter, large screen TV, attractive furnishings, clean bathroom.2. The Gym! It's on the 32nd floor, overlooking Manhattan. New machines with video screens attached and earplugs. Small but quite wonderful.3. The modern concierge lounge with large screen televsions was a big plus. Check into it. A buffet breakfast with eggs, bagels, muffins, fresh fruit, salmon, etc. Free non-alcoholic drinks and at night an honor bar. Food was set out in the evening, and although its meant for appetizers, some seemed to making a small dinner of it.4. I ate lunch in the Grille. Perfectly good food, excellent service. With so many excellent restaurants in NYC it wouldn't be my first choice, but on for a business trip luncheon, it suited me fine.5. The location is great, and I had only small pangs seeing the W Hotel and the Waldorf Astoria slightly down the street.In summary, it's a great value, with the location, fab little gym, concierge lounge and freshly renovated rooms.	
Jan 11 2008 	Pleasant Stay	I stayed two nights. Traveled on business. I had never stayed at the Marriott East Side (previous stays at the Marriott at Time Sq., the former Righa Royal, Palace and Waldorf). The hotel was close to my meetings...and centrally located in midtown. My room was lovely. Freshly redecorated including a nice worksurface and a big LG flatscreen TV. I had a corner room, three windows, queen. Was very clean and adequate space. The bathroom had been updated and enough counterspace. Check in was quick and bell hops helpful. Will certainly stay there again.	
Jan 9 2008 	Fabulous	Between the time, I booked (6/2007) and stayed (12/2007) a few negative reviews popped up on Trip Advisor and I was a more than a little worried. Those worries were wasted energy because the East Side Marriott is a FABULOUS hotel.My husband and I stayed at the New York Marriott East Side December 20 – 22, 2007. Upon checking-in, we were delighted to learn that we had been upgraded to a suite of rooms including an enormous patio complete with a view of the Chrysler Bldg., sunroom, two wide screen televisions and a gas fireplace. The living room was tastefully decorated including floor to ceiling windows and a dining room table that seated six people. The bathroom was marble with double sinks, a separate shower and an array of Bath and Body Works toiletries. The bedroom was large, very clean, and up-to-date with a king-size bed and the linens spectacular. The service from guest services, front desk, and concierge lounge to bar staff was exemplary. The management even had a bottle of champagne and a large platter of cheese and crackers sent up to the room.Due to the nature of my work, I spend in excess of 100 nights per year in hotels in the US and abroad and this hotel ranks right up with the top hotels in London and Monaco. I highly recommend the New York Marriott East Side for anyone who wants a fantastic Manhattan experience.	
Jan 2 2008 	Great Modern Base for NYC exploring	My wife and I travelled to NYC for a few nights to visit New York during the Christmas season. The first night we spent a magical night at the Waldorf-Astoria (See review we posted). The next few nights I booked us in the New York Marriott East Side using reward points for the stay. This hotel is across the street from the Waldorf. (this hotel is also a short walk (four or five blocks) from Rockerfeller Center and Time Square/Broadway, fyi). At check-in we were greated very warmly by the front desk staff. We mentioned that this was our first time to NYC and she provided us with a welcome bag comprised of a book on 1001 things to see in NYC and some other welcome gifts...free. We were also granted our request for a high floor (NYC street noise is bad...unless you are used to it) and we were even provided a corner room, no extra charge. Again, I used reward points, but we were not given a broom closet, we actually received a great room on the 30th floor.This is a very nice hotel and I strongly recommend it for anyone visting who needs a good base from which to explore the city. There is a subway stop two blocks away, and it is a breeze to use and very safe. This is a 4 star hotel with more than adequate services. Since we were sightseeing all day, we were not in the room very much. However, the hotel has an excellent fitness room on the 35th floor (no fee) complete with all you need for a workout (unless you have walked all over Manhattan, of course). There is one restaurant, which is standard Marriott fare...nothing to write home about. This is New York and one should dine out off-property anyway. We found this Marriott to be clean, with a nice lobby, helpful and attentive staff, and updated and modern rooms (37&quot; LG flat screen TV). One word of caution, there appeared to be a time-share rep for a property in Florida based in the lobby, but they didn't bother us too much.For a ride back to the airport, the hotel has an arrangement with a limo service that will take you back for $40 cash payable to the driver. We expected a sedan, but I guess it was unavailable because we received a white strech limo...for the $40 rate. Nice way to end our trip.I recommend this hotel, and would stay here again. NYC is expensive, and if you get a good rate this is a great choice. If you want to spend $1000/nt and up, there are plenty of properties to take your money. This worked just fine for our purposes.	
Dec 27 2007 	Excellent service	We spent Christmas in New York and stayed at the Marriott East Side. We checked in to our room which was on the 33rd floor. The room itself was generous by New York City standards and the bathroom was very nice with a separate shower and marble tiles. Everything was immaculate. However, we had a problem with the temperature of the room. Neither the open window (window guards appropriately limit the size of the opening to a few inches in skyscrapers) or the AC could make the room comfortable. After a few visits from maintenance and one unbearable night, I asked the manager for a new room. It was this experience that made the difference for me - Austin and his team at the Marriott were exceedingly professional, accommodating, and moved us to a new room without any issues at all. I rate the hotel above avg rather than excellent only because the restaurant was too ordinary for a property of this caliber. However, Lawrence, our server, was wonderful. I highly recommend this hotel for its great midtown location, excellent management, and comfortable rooms.	
Dec 17 2007 	Lying on the street would have been a quiter experience	I am a Marriott member, and have never stayed in this portion of NYC. So, my husband and I booked our room. The room was petite, but had charm. After a nice night out at the Rockettes, we then decided to head back to the hotel. Don't be surprised if the bell men are standing right in front of the rotating door without moving. The worst part was the incredible noise! We were on the seventh floor up, but that didn't buffer anything. We literally thought the window was open it was so noisy! It was too late to change our room, and we decided to suck it up, which was a huge mistake. Note to whoever stays here: don't sleep on the Lexington side. It's terrible!!!	
Dec 10 2007	Great Location!	We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Mariott Eastside from December 3-8, 2007. The location of the hotel can't be beat...it is an easy walk to 5th Ave., Grand Central Station and Rockefeller Plaza...Times Square is not a bad walk at all.This is the third year in a row our family of 6 has been at this property and the renovations to the rooms were very nice. New beds, televisions, carpets and bathrooms. Great housekeeping!As far as the noise, we were on the 15th floor and the noise was noticeable but liveable. Earplugs would be a good option if you are not used to the constant honking and sirens at all hours. All three kids in our party slept without waking up once...so it must not have been that bad.Pros:- Newly renovated rooms- Locations, location, locationCons:-Cost: If we were not traveling with points the Holiday Rates would have been too high for what you get-Water Pressure Problems: One morning both of our rooms had fluctuating water pressure...a definite problem for getting ready in the morning. Cause undetermined after 3 calls to the front desk and maintenance coming in to check. Did not happen again in our stay.-No DVD's in room and no ability to rent one from the front deskBeautifully decorated for Christmas and a hotel we will return to again!	
Dec 9 2007 	Nice hotel decent location small room	I stayed at the NY Marriott East Side (49th and Lexington) for a business special event on Dec 7th. Pros:This Marriott's location is one of its best features. It is within walking distance to Grand Central Station and a bit longer walk Rockefeller Center. I chose this hotel based on its proximity to our special event. This hotel is within 1/2 block of The Waldorf-Astoria, The W and the Intercontinental.The room was clean, contained a comfortable queen-sized bed and a large flat-screen tv.Cons:The heater was very noisy and woke me up every time it came on overnight. I asked for, and was promised, a rollaway bed which never came. I'm not sure where we would have placed it if it did arrive as the room was very small.We also paid an obscene rate for this room, even with AAA and guest block discounts, due to the holidays.I may stay here again, but there are many other close options as well.	
Dec 1 2007 	Very nice	My son and I stayed here for the first time for 3 nights. The room was small but very comfortable and quiet. At Lexington and 49th it's just a few short blocks to 5th Ave and Rockefeller Plaza. Usually we stay closer to the action, but we got a better value here and, quite frankly, better service. The concierge staff could not have been more helpful. One even had a surprise for us at a restaurant he booked for us! We will definitely be back.	
Dec 1 2007	great hotel	stayed at the marriott east side in the last week of october07, great hotel with even better staff always ready to help. The concierge desk Mr patrick was fantastic, he sure knew some great places, new ones to me who visits nyc very frequently. The rooms were newly renovated and extremely comfortable. The concierge lounge was really nice with some superb staff extremely helpful	
Nov 17 2007	Bed Bug Bites!	I'm in a panic--after spending one night at this hotel, my upper arm was itching like crazy by early afternoon. When I arrived home 9 hours later, I saw I had a cluster of bites. Checked the webiste bedbugger.com and am pretty sure these are bed bug bites. I will see a doctor on Monday. I'm petrified that I may have brought these horrible bugs--an infestation--into my house via my suitcase. If so, I'll be in for possibly thousands in professional pest control costs not to mention significant uncomfort for months. I've notified Marriott Rewards and the hotel front desk. I will remove this review if I learn these are not bed bug bites; however, I'm fairly certain. Nothing like this has every happened to me before.	
Nov 12 2007 	Recently rennovated - nice hotel	We had a great night's stay at the Eastside Marriott over Veteran's Day weekend. We stayed in one of their &quot;superior&quot; double rooms, which was indeed larger than most hotel rooms and had four windows. The bathroom was very clean (though the drain did run a little slow) and the room had clearly been rennovated very recently. There is still a sign outside the hotel stating that all the rooms have been rennovated, so I think the updates are pretty recent. Only problem was some street noise, which is common in many NYC hotels w/ a window. We were on the 14th floor and it probably wouldn't have been as bad on a higher floor. There is small bar in the lobby that seemed quite lively when we arrived home in the evening. Overall, this is a decent hotel for the price. I'd say due to the rennovations and its good location it is a step above most Marriotts. Would stay here again.	
Oct 22 2007 	charming hotel - historic 	The lovely lobby sets the mood for this historic hotel - vintage woods &amp; brass abound. Excellent &amp; friendly staff. The elevators are small, the hallways are narrow, and the baths &amp; closets tiny as compared to new hotels - but all were beautifully maintained - rooms and baths had been recently remodeled &amp; were very pretty. The location of the hotel is great - not too far from the touristy stuff, but enough distant that you are not dealing with the constant crowds and noise. Taxi's, bus routes, and major subway lines are easily accessible - Grand Central Station is only a few blocks away, as is bloomingdales. If you are able to gain access, the concierge lounge is wonderful - with an outside terrace - we loved having our breakfast there each day! Overall, this is a smaller gem of a hotel that we highly recommend.	
Oct 22 2007 	Great New York Hotel	The last time that I stayed at this hotel was prior to the recent renovation. I was surprised and delighted by the quality of the hotel and our room -- much improved since my last visit. Due to airline delays, we arrived very late, at approximately 3:30 in the morning. Our room was still waiting for us, no questions or issues. The room was large and comfortable, especially for this central location in NYC. I've stayed in rooms half this size in New York and not nearly as clean. The room had a flat screen tv and a fluffy king size bed. The location cannot be beat, and this room, while expensive, is a solid value for the location. We were able to walk to Grammercy, the Village, Times Square, and the Upper East Side from this central location. The concierge was extremely helpful, as was the bell captain who stored our bags prior to our return flight and then hailed a cab for the airport.	
Oct 7 2007 	Good Experience	Hotel was still undergoing renovations when we stayed in June. Great location, a 10+ minute walk to Times Square but rates and room sizes considerably better than in the midst of midtown. While hotel charges $50 for parking, lots of parking at $17-20 day is available 3-4 blocks away. Rooms a bit small, but its NYC; Concierge lounge was not open on the weekends, which was disappointing given that the hotel was nearly full. Elevators extremely slow, but overall a clean property with newly decorated and updated rooms.	
Oct 5 2007 	Nice place OK to book (but small)	Check in: typical New York &quot;I am busy,next please attitude&quot;, but OK:Room: Very Nice, on the upper floor, comfortable beds, clean, LCD TV. Excellent!Walkin distance from 5th avenue and Central Park, go ahead and book this!!!	
Sep 25 2007 	Great location updated rooms… really good Marriott	Had one night here during this weeks UN conference. I was stunned at the rate, but I understand supply and demand… Been here before, location is excellent, and I had no choice in my scheduling of a meeting.Check in was efficient and smiling… when I was signing the reg card, I jokingly asked “for this rate, do I get extra chocolates?”. I was delighted later to find very nice chocolates on my pillow.Bought a post card in the gift shop for Kiddo, and was stunned to be charged $1.50 for a postcard… even in NYC. Good news: she did sell me a stamp for face value, unusual in most Marriotts these days.My room was small by most standards, but for a Manhattan hotel was about what I expect. The bathroom was very small, but had the new upgraded bathroom design (granite surface, legs, slatwork, etc). The bath entry was so narrow, I had to turn my shoulders to get through the door!New bedding, large flatscreen tv, with excellent electronics for laptops. Had a 100mb hardwire speed, which was delightful! Room was clean, and for only one night, was certainly sufficient.They gave me lounge access, which was terrific. The lounge is on 16, and has a very nice patio. Sat there and wrote my postcard and sipped a glass of wine in the breeze… really nice.The employees at this property continue to be well trained, helpful and courteous. For that reason, plus the location, I’ll keep coming back here. But, at $629 a night, though, make sure you get chocolates…	
Sep 19 2007 	What a lovely surprise - one of the best in NYC	The NYC East side Marriott was a fantastic surprise for us. We must have been in a newly renovated room because it is very hard for me to imagine that all the rooms can be this nice, and I am rather picky – you can look at my other reviews for NYC rooms and you will find this ranks higher than most. The room furniture seemed brand new and very tasteful. The beds were better than the most of the luxury chains, with 300+ thread count sheets, full down comforters (and an extra one in closet too), partial down pillows AND regular pillows, lovely soft chenille throws on each bed -all so clean and new. The mattresses were the highest quality. The toiletries in the immaculate marble and granite bathroom were quite nice higher end products in great packaging and a perfectly clean double shower curtain and plush towels were also very pleasing. The bathroom was quite luxurious compared to your average NYC 4* hotel, and better than any of the 4* hotels in NY I’ve been at in last few years. The plasma TV had many channels including HBO. The staff were friendly and courteous and efficient – checking in took 2 minutes. The hotel is opposite the Intercontinental and “W” hotels and a block from the Waldorf Astoria. It’s location is fantastic and there is a subway line right there, not to mention easy access to the better restaurants on 2nd Ave. The room we got was absolutely spotless, as were all the public areas and hallways leading to it - a stark contrast to some of the ghetto 4* hotels we have stayed at in NY before. The lobby area is quite small and not fancy, but very clean and much more appealing than the lobbies at other NY establishment – highly polished stone, nice furniture, clean carpets. The only “older” spot was the elevators which were a bit small and cramped and showed a bit of age. There is a small gym on the very top floor which you need to take two separate elevators to get to, no matter which floor you are on. It’s a bit cramped, but has gorgeous views of the city, and was very clean, with stacks of fresh towels ready to go. The only negative I can state about this hotel was that the noise level from the street was quite high, so the windows didn’t have enough sound protection for my taste, perhaps an issue on lower floors, as indicated by other reviews. I used ear plugs and all was fine. I highly recommend this hotel, but you may want to be sure you end up on a renovated higher floor, in case the other reviews are indicative of other floors or rooms that were not similar to ours.	
Sep 15 2007	Eastside Only	A good hotel overall. Try to get a high floor. I stayed on the11th floor and heard a lot of street noises; requiring ear plugsin order to sleep through the night. It is also helpful to havea sleeping mask since the window shades are paper thin and do not keep out the exterior lights.Otherwise, the bar/lobby is nice and conducive to a drink before heading out to a restaurant. Please know that the subways are readily available if you are traveling on the eastside. However,in order to switch to the westside you have to take the shuttlefrom Grand Central, which is about 7 blocks from the hoteland rather time consuming.It is a good buy if you get a good deal as I did through Priceline.com	
Sep 9 2007 	Good solid place to stay in NYC	This is a good place to stay in NYC. Good location (Lex &amp; 49th), nice rooms, good amenities. Flat screen TV's, very comfortable beds, free coffee in the lobby in the AM. As others have stated, it is an older hotel, so the rooms are smaller, but comfortable. The days we were there, the hotel was pretty full and the small elevators were slow and crowded. Otherwise, we like this place and would stay again. This was our second stay in the past 4 years. We also have stayed at the Doubletree/Metropolitan a block north, but I would say the Marriott is better.	
Aug 28 2007 	Great Service and Location	My son &amp; I traveled to NYC to celebrate his 18th b'day. We requested a double room on a high floor and had absolutely no problem having our wishes honored. Our room was beautiful and our initial view was of a wedding on the rooftop of the building next door. When we got down to street level, we realized this was the W Hotel. And the Waldorf Astoria was across the street from that! We recognized that we were in a VERY good neighborhood and immediately started taking advantage of it by exploring what else was within walking distance. Rockefeller Center was only a few blocks away on 49th and Times Square was a pleasant jaunt down Lexington to 42nd Street. Everyone at the Marriott was more than helpful. They accepted our bonus bucks even though we had received a very reasonable pre-paid rate. Doormen offered restaurant suggestions when asked and helped us in our goal to eat at a different ethnic food restaurant whenever we got hungry. They even gave us a great suggestion on where to find a late night cigar to celebrate his actual 18th birth day. And housekeeping was really wonderful, indulging our chocolate needs every night.We Love this Marriott and We Love NYC!	
Aug 12 2007 	Stranded in Manhattan due to Reservations Mishap	We never stayed at this hotel because they would not accept my exclusive elite coupon to stay a night free. I booked the stay over the phone at Marriotts 800 number and I was told I could use the certificate at that time. However, when I arrived I was informed New York hotels did not honor it and that I'd have to pay for both nights. The manager provided me a printout of the hotels that were not included but how was I to know when reservations said I could use it. I contacted Marriott and they said they could not force the hotel to honor the coupon and they contacted every hotel in Manhattan to see who would honor the coupon. After no one would, they put me at a Courtyard on 3rd but I still had to pay the full rate for both nights. I've since complained to customer relations and they have agreed to honor my coupon on my next stay at a Marriott regardless if they accept the coupon or not. I prefer to stay at Marriotts because of their reliability and consistency and I won't allow this incident to change my mind. I would not recommend this property and in the past I've only stayed at the one in Times Square which no complications.	
Aug 10 2007	Change is Good	This hotel i believe has 33 floors w/ 600+ rooms.from 22 up those floors are considered Concierge floors.which has access to the Lounge.33rd floor is where the Suite rooms are located.as well as some rooms such 06 &amp; 28 on the lower floors.are also considered Suite rooms (acc. to the very informed housekeeper...) ;-DPro'sLocation-Midtown 49th St. Lexington Ave.walking distance to Bloomingdales, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Rockefeller Center.:shops on 59th St. (Claire's, H&amp;M, Express and many more):restaurants (Smith &amp; Wollensky steakhouse, Mr. K's, TGI Friday's etc.)Access to Subway-two blocks uptown to take the no. 6 train (Manhattan bound). MTA bus M101 downtown, stops a block away from the hotel. Also taxi cabs are parked outside the hotel's main entrance.Rooms: My family &amp; I stayed here last year before the renovation began, and thankfully went back again last month after the re-do.The changes: Carpet - brown (dull, old, boring) TOred - (w/ swirl prints, modern and vibrant looking)Hallway - used to be dark w/ less corner lamps-NOW, much better lighting fixtures plus more wall frame decors.The big mirror fronting the guest elevators w/ black chest adds to more sophisticated feel of the hotel.We had a room on the 27th floor.King sized bed, w/ a sofa bed.3 windows, 3 side tables, a ref., flatscreen tv, a/c, coffee maker (3 decaf, 3 regular, 4 condiment packs, 1 set of tea)BED: 3 shams, 3 feather pillows, blanket, duvet (white sheets)plus a red bed scarf.It made the room look much brighter.The wall paper was beige which is way better than the brown one the hotel had.The bathroom was almost the same. (marble tiled floors) except for the addition of the bigger mirror and new shower curtain.B/R Amenities: Bath &amp; Body works products. (small sizes)4 towels, 4 handtowels, 4 washcloths, 1 bathmat.hairdryer, 2 laundry bags, iron, iron board (inside the closet).FITNESS CENTER: its located on the 35th floor. Go to the 32nd flr. to connect to another elevator at the back to get to the FC. They have new exercise machines. Earphones are provided. Most machines are equipped w/ tv screens. There's also 2 flatscreen tv sets in the FC. A rack of handtowels. Water dispenser. Bathroom.CONCIERGE LOUNGE: access depending on the room level and membership. Its open from 7am-10am..for breakfast...1pm drinks... 5-9pm for light snacks.... its closed on the weekends though.SERVICE: our housekeeper was kind &amp; anticipated our needs. We had extra towels in our room &amp; bathroom amenities.****Needs imrpovement: The front desk staff. Unprofessional and loud in dealing w/ guests. (basing from our obeservation on how they handled the other guests' reservation queries.) ****FOOD: Best tip, eat out. The Room Service menu didn't impress us. We had a good breakfast at Cafe' Metro 2 blocks uptown by the 6 train station for half the price. *****being a Platinum member, i expected that the renovation would also mean providing a fully stocked mini bar. But there was nothing. Also, amenities like a Robe or slippers would have been nice... even a bath gel or mouthwash should be standard in ALL rooms. After paying $400++ / night, those &quot;little extras&quot; would be appreciated.******TIP: request for a turndown service. they offer sleep oils and chocolates.******use the door sign for housekeeping cleaning. To avoid being disturbed by the loud knocks at 8am on a Saturday morning. *******choose rooms such as 6,7,8, on the high floor. We were told that those rooms are quite spacious plus they have sofa beds... btw, those are rooms w/ king beds.*******This is a NON-smoking hotel. I was informed that when housekeepers find cigarette's in the rooms (or proof thereof) that the guest/s are smoking in the room, they will call the supervisor, to inspect the further, then bill the guest $250. So think twice if you feel like smoking in your room! For convenience, we'll defintely come back.For business travelers? Yes i would reccommend this hotel.but for families? we were able to see a few rooms that are rather small to accommodate a cot... but if you don't mind the overcrowding, then this hotel might be right for you.;-)	
Jul 20 2007	Location is great room updated but watch out for noise on lower floors	We have stayed at the Marriott East Side several times over the years as the location is perfect for us. At first I was impressed with the room makeover, but after the intial impact I realized there are a few things that aren't right. First off the closet is very small. It is New York, but it is the smallest closet I've ever seen, it looks like a broom closet. To add to it, they have placed the safe on the floor, so there is no room to leave your shoes in the closet, let alone your luggage. They have several items they also store in the closet so it really limits you in what you can store in there. Yes there are 3 large size dresser drawers, but I prefer my clothes to hang and my shoes to be kept in the closet. The bed is very comfortable, but they have overdone it a bit with the number of pillows - no place to put them when you go to bed at night so we kept throwing them on the floor. The big problem for us was the noise. We were on the 6th floor, Lexington Ave side and the street noise at night was awful. My husband and I lived in New York for years, so we're use to city living, but I couldn't get over how loud it was. We did not sleep well that night at all. Upon check-out the front desk agent said that since it is a historic building they cannot sound-proof the windows. Honestly we never had this issue before when we stayed there, but this is the lowest we've been to the ground level. I would definitely recommend higher floors &amp; rooms that do not face Lexington Avenue.	
Jul 7 2007 	great hotel	My husband, myself and our 3 children aged 11,9 and 7 have just returned from a great holiday in New York. The hotel was really very clean. We had a junior suite to accomodate the 5 of us there were 2 double beds in 1 room and a pull out sette,which me and my husband slept on and was seperated by double doors. The bathroom was spacious and very clean. The hotel room had a coffee maker and buiscuits and desk and 2 televisions. It was a central location to get 2 a 10 minute walk from times square and about 25 mins from central park.The staff were helpful and friendly and check out was at midday. Our daughter was poorly so they let us keep the room on untill we left for the airport at no extra charge. The food was lovely and at breakfast there was plenty of choice to suit everyones taste. We stayed for 1 evening meal as usually we would eat out on route to somewhere and it was very nice and reasonably priced.Having 3 children we find it harder to get accomodation that is spacious and comfortable but this hotel managed it and would def stay there again and would recommend it to anyone.	
Jun 22 2007 	Very nice	Although the room was not large, it was big enough and very well appointed. Of 9 hotels I stayed at in NYC during May &amp; June 2007, this had the second nicest. The bathroom was probably the nicest. It had matching containers for the bathroom amenities, including one for Q-tips, which none of the other hotels had. The gym was pretty good. The location is convenient in mid-town and an easy walk from Grand Central.	
Jun 20 2007 	Nice business hotel stayed for fun	We stayed at the Yorktown Marriott for a trip primarily to visit the Metropolitan Museum of Art and Central Park. While it is a few blocks walk to those attractions, it isn't too far and the Upper East Side is safe enough and fun to walk through.The hotel itself was very comfortable. Only sixteen floors and we were on the fifteenth. Our view was interesting: straight through two adjacent taller buildings to the FDR drive and the East River (if you really cock your head.) Most views, though, are &quot;of rooftops&quot; according to the bellhop. In room we had an individual coffee maker, full size iron and ironing board, good TV with web access as well as internet jacks and hairdryer. Great bedding and comfortable beds. As in many NYC hotels, not alot of space in the room. A wardrobe, 2 queen beds, reading chair and a workdesk with a handy pullout for more desktop took up most of the room. Nice bathroom with good water pressure and Davies Gate toiletries. On the Lower Level, the hotel has a jacuzzi(so good for tired feet!) and lap pool open until 9 pm. Also a workout room with new treadmills. My favorite is a gratis Maxwell House brewer offering freshly brewed by the cup coffee and well stocked condiments also on the lower level.Did not try the hotel restaurant; they made a bad first impression by refusing to let my mother and son use the restroom as it is for &quot;restaurant guests only.&quot; That's okay, we have a room and NYC is FULL of great restaurants! It is a few blocks to any quickstop stores that are open late and their stock was disappointing by New York City standards.To end on another up note; the valets and bellhops were great; Friendly, efficient and fun as was the rest of the staff.Recommended for business and pleasure alike.	
Jun 5 2007 	Had a great corner room!	Attended a conference at the Marriott Eastside from 5/29-6/1/07. Took a red-eye flight from Sacto. to JFK and arrived at the hotel a little after 10: 00 AM on a Tuesday. A room was available, king with handicap acessibility. We took it because we wanted to drop off luggage, clean up a bit, and do some site-seeing. Room was located in the corner of the 5th floor. We had 3 sets of windows facing 2 different streets. The 5th floor had been recently re-done like many of the floors here and was very comfortable with plasma TV, frig/cooler, wonderful Marriott bed etc. Room was large compared to NYC standard. Bathroom was huge with only shower (handicap), but we never expected to soak in a tub. Wireless was $12.95/24 hr period but was fast and never crashed! NYC can be very noisy through the night. honk honk honk, .....but we really didn't notice it. Never ate in the restaurant, although bar was comfortable, multiple TV's, snack mix, but expensive drinks. Bell cap, desk clerk, and concierge were all extremely helpful and we would definitely stay here again. Fitness center on 35th floor and since new renovations were happening on 32-34, needed to use the stairs to fitness center from 32....whoooooooo, that was a work-out in itself. Free fitness center, good equipment, lots of TV's, water and towels available. Floors 32-34 will be ready mid June so check it out! Subway station 3 blocks away. Lots of sites within walking distance: Radio City Music Hall, Rockefeller Plaza, Central Park, Empire State Bldg, Times Square, Theaters, NBC, etc. Wonderful full service deli's across the street. On last day, (Friday) got a late (2:00 PM) check out without any issue. Marriott is still my number 1 choice.	
Jun 2 2007 	Adequate but street noise much worse than some others on Lex	I've actually stayed at this hotel 3 times for business from 1999 to 2003. Adequate hotel, convenient location, nice bar. However, I suggest you get a room off Lexington Ave and not the side street. The side street noise was awful - overnight garbage truck pickups don't seem as noisy at other nearby hotels. Suggest you request a room on as high a floor as possible to avoid this street noise, or bring a white noise machine to block some of it out.	
May 14 2007 	Bland	I agree with other reviewers that the hotel seems dated and worn. I was looking for that little extra that comes with the Marriott brand. Our room was clean, spacious (by New York standards), but for the price I would have expected at least in-room coffee, a mini bar and maybe robes...Stores around the hotel closed at 7 pm, there are not many restaurants (and they are really overpriced, even by New York standards : 14.95$ for 2 eggs and bacon, and 3$ for coffee ...) We&lt;ll stay in the Upper West Side next time, for cheaper hotel rates and a neighbouhood feeling	
May 10 2007 	Hmmmm...probably not again....	I stayed here for 3 nights on business. The Marriott Marquis was charging about $400 a night the week I went (I think it was spring break) and this hotel was about $100 less, so my company encouraged me to stay here. Now, I like the Marriott chain, overall. I play the &quot;point game&quot; when I travel on business so while there might be better choices nearby, I chose here for &quot;other&quot; reasons. The good: 1) Nice bedding and clean room.2) Friendly and professional staff. 2) Decent wait times for an elevator (which can be a problem in other large hotels in NYC).3)Quick room-serviceThe not-so-good: 1) Immediate location is not that interesting (and yes, I know this is Manhattan, but I was here on business and stayed reasonably close to the hotel after working a long day). It was too far of a walk for me to see any noteworthy &quot;sites&quot; such as Times Square, Central Park, etc.2) Building seemed dated and in need of an immediate refurb.3) Price could probably get something nicer if you aren't playing the Marriott Point game.4) Rooms were small for the price paid.5) No view even though I was on a higher floor (unless you like staring at an office building across the street).6) Overall &quot;old&quot; feeling to atmosphere (and I don't mean the people, just the &quot;tiredness&quot; of everything associated with the property).Will you have a great time if you stay here? Of course. It's NYC and that should overshadow every nuiance I've cited (it just won't be greater because you stayed here).	
Apr 24 2007	!!They canceled my penthouse reservation 3 days b4 I arrived!	4 months in advance of arriving I booked a penthouse room with large terrace. The rate quoted was $1600 per night.I spoke directly to a “salesperson” to book the room - due to the cost involved.I was sent a reservation confirmation by email (with confirmation #) months before my arrival date..Still, just to be very sure, I called the salesperson back 3 business days before arriving to re-confirm my stay.I was told: “Oh I was just going to call you … to tell you that your room is under renovation and will not be ready for your stay.&quot;At that point I had $2000 worth of theater tickets booked + all dinner reservations made + business class flight booked months before.I travel extensively; I have **NEVER** had a hotel arbitrarily cancel a $1600 a night reservation within 3 business days of my arrival.Marriott? NEVER AGAIN!!!	
Apr 20 2007 	Nice Hotel	I made all reservations by internet. Very good rates for this hotel. The locations is perfect . Close to principal tourist place. All type of transport. The room clean but small. Personnal very nice . I recommended this hotel and i hope to comme back soon.	
Apr 20 2007 	Nothing Special	Stayed the weekend at the Marriorr East Side.Although the room was clean and the bed was comfortable, the room was the size of a jail cell. The windows were right out of a prison and the walls shook every time another door closed down the hallway. And I'm a Marriott Silver member! Nice upgrade...They called this hotel building &quot;historic&quot; - it's just old and has seen better days.The staff was friendly but struggled with their own reservation system and general customer service. They didn't understand the rates through their own web reservation system. A business meeting the next day presented its own set of customer service challenges.The in-room TV kept losing the satellite signal during the rainstorm that weekend; used room service and the food was less than average.Tried to keep in mind that it's Manhattan and I've stayed in some brand name hotels that were much, much worse.The lack of organization at the hotel left a bad impression.I would not hold a business meeting here. If I had to get a sleeping room here, I'd deal with it. But I'm not going back unless it's absolutely necessary.	
Apr 2 2007 	Hotel Does't Live Up to Promises	We stayed at the New York Marriott East Side for two nights (March 24 - 26) in 2007. When making the reservation we requested two things: two double beds and early check-in. We got neither. We arrived at the hotel at 10:00 am. I fully expected that our room would not be ready - I was correct. I also learned that my request for two double beds was not confirmed (only requested) when I made the reservation. They said that they could give me a king room with two roll-away beds. I pre-registered for the room (this meant that they would take my CC info and put me into the system. All I needed to do now was pick up the keys.) They also said that the room would be ready at 12:00 noon. We checked our luggage and went to explore the city. We returned to the hotel at 1:00. The room still wasn't ready and wouldn't be ready until 3:00. So basically, requesting early check-in meant nothing. Both times, as I waited in line at the front desk, I overheard quite a few conversations of guests that were in the same situation with the beds as we were. This hotel needs more double beds!OK - finally about 3:20 our room was ready! Once we arrived at the room, we discovered four large containers of some very disgusting Chinese food that was obviously overlooked by the housekeeping staff in the cabinet next to the refirgerator. Now this food wasn't just missed that morning. This food had been there for a few days as it was growing mild and was very obviously spolied - YUCK!!! As promised, our roll-away beds arrived but without blankets and pillows. One roll-away was broken. We dealt with it the first night and used pillows and a throw off the king bed and a blanket that was found in the closet.The hotels location is within walking distance to Rockafeller Center, St. Patrick's and even Central Park. There's a subway station nearby for anything else not close to the hotel.The hotel did offer complimentary coffee in the morning.Since we didn't spend much time in the hotel, it was adequate for our needs. I'll look elsewhere for a different hotel next time.	
Feb 10 2007 	Good location okay hotel rooms need refurbishment	Location: very goodThe location of this hotel is great. Okay, it is not right at Times Square like the Marriott Marquis (much more expensive)... this hotel is a 10 minute walk from Rockefeller, 15 minutes from Times Square, 5 minutes to Grand Central &amp; 5th Avenue and 3 blocks from United Nations, so not a bad location for this hotel.We only paid 199 dollar for our room which at the time of booking was a NY promo for Marriott Rewards members.Check-in/Service: friendly and quickWhen we arrived the 20th of January, lobby was quite empty and check in was smooth and friendly. We requested a room on a high floor and got it at the 21st floor. However, when we got to the hotel, there were no bell boys carrying or prompting for our luggage or assisting us out of the taxi. Check-out bill automatically printed and put under the door. so no hassle when leaving. We stayed 2 nights at this hotel.Room (room nr 2115): below the expectedThere was only one window overlooking Lexington avenue and a lot of buildings, but it was fine. The bed was very comfortable with fluffy pillows and nice cosy duvet. The bathroom was rather small but everthing was there, it was also very clean. The rooms obviously need an upgrade as we saw some falling debris from the ceiling. The fridge in the room was empty and was noisy during the night so I had to switch it off.. Generally the room was nice even though we had higher expections from Marriott. Good news for Marriott fans because the rooms will undergo a refurbishment, there was a little display in the lobby with the improvements under way with new colour scheme etc.Food/BreakfastWe didn't take brekkie in the hotel but we did sample some food in the lobby lounge. We had some small bites and the service was quick and efficient even when the bar was full. Verdict: well, the location is great, nice landmark building, an overall good service and soon new room upgrades. This isn't a bad hotel after all but I wouldn't stay again in this property because for these prices, there are better options around.	
Jan 31 2007 	Wouldn't stay here again	I stayed here for 3 nights on a work trip and was really disappointed. My room (which wasn't cheap!) had one window and hardly any lights so was dark and dingy. Customer service was not good; I asked for a coffee maker in my room (not automatic here) but it didn't arrive. I was expecting a fax, after waiting for 10 minutes at reception, they advised their fax had just broken and told me I needed to give a different fax number, and go to the business centre (this was after me asking; I would still have been there had I not asked!). I gave my Marriott Rewards card in on check in and again on check out and only after me asking whether he could check my points was I told sheepishly they hadn't been added. There are many hotels in New York, and lots of them are much better value. I won't be visiting again!	
Jan 26 2007 	Woeful trip	Terrible hotel patronising management complaint dealt with in a shambolic manner Never Never again will we stay in a Marriott even for free.We booked our trip by telephone to be sure of 2 queens .Apon arrival only 1 queen was available we had just arrived from Belfast 14 hours away and received a petty apology that they were over booked and we werent the only family this had happened to .As if we were bothered to worry about other guests .We ended up in a lousy larger room with 2 flea ridden roll aways delivered 7 hours later after checkin ....My husband had a large amount of loyality points which meant nothing when we complained politely.We had even received a request 3 days earlier for our bedlinen requirements I asked staff was this to ensure my young jet lagged children were comfortable on the street ????????	
Jan 25 2007	All that noise	Me and a friend stayed at this hotel on a visit to New York to celebrate St Patrick's Day. I've stayed in a lot of hotels in the city, but this had to be the worst one. We were in a room on the 11th floor but could hear lots of traffic noise from the street below. There was also a problem with the radiator in the room, the pipes were making a tapping noise regularly. When we complained the staff just said it was because the hotel was old. Surely Marriott fix problems in old properties as well as their more modern ones? I don't stay at Marriott hotels anymore because of their response to my complaint.	
Jan 25 2007 	Overall Good Stay	I was in NYC for a business trip, and decided on the Marriott East Side because of its location to work, restaurants, and city sights. I also wanted full service amenities. The room was a nice size for NYC standards, and it was clean and well kept. I requested a &quot;quiet&quot; room away from the street noise on Lexington Ave. While I was not bothered by street noise, the noise from the heater woke me up several times during the night on the last two nights of my stay. The temperature in the city had dropped dramatically, and I like to have a warm, toasty room. It was explained to me by the hotel engineer, that the pipes make that noise because the building is an old. There was nothing that he could do about the noise. The noise was not a problem for my co-worker, who was in a different room, because she does not like to be too warm. So, if your preference is for a toasty room, you may have issues with the heater noise. I went into the Shelton Grille for breakfast one morning, and they failed to deliver what I ordered. After waiting for 20 minutes, I had to leave for work. The waiter was very apologetic, and insisted on giving me my order to go. It was also complimentary.The entire hotel staff (except the gift shop cashier) was very helpful and polite. The Concierge had great restaurant and activity suggestions.	
Jan 7 2007 	good expierance	This hotel is old. But it didn't seem particularly worn, it felt historic and nothing noticeable to me.We had two rooms on the 12th floor. One had a bigger bathroom and one had a bigger bedroom (by maybe inches) The bathroom was clean, had nice bath&amp;body lotions and shampoos. plenty of towels.our windows faced the side street not lexington soo it wasn't as noisy.beds were doubles and were comforable.Conciegere was a great help. Location was amazing.We wanted late night desert and they kept the kitchen open just for us. Two things:1. my dad did not like the square pillows and the other pillows were way too soft and were not fluffy... perhaps something i nthe middle of the two 2. The remote to the TV didn't work and no one came to do anything about it. It really didn't matter we were not in our room watching tv but it was nice to get the weather report and see some of the score late at night when we got back to the hotel.	
Dec 21 2006 	Great MidTown location	Spent Dec 16 &amp; 17 at this hotel, not a NYC expert but found the location to be excellent. 2 Adults and 3 kids camped out in the room but we were not there for the room experience. Service was great, Location great, easy on/off FDR, $$$$ for parking but this is NYC. Less than a 30 minute walk to almost any MidTown location. Took the S line between Times Sq &amp; Grd Central which was convenient.	
Dec 11 2006 	We did not like this hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We did not like it very much.The hotel is kind of old. The room we had was big (in compare t o other hotel rooms in NY) but still old. The same with the bathroom: big but old. The lifts in this hotel are horror ! Sometimes you have to wait for minutes till the come to your floor !!!The location of the hotel is ok. Very close to 5th Ave. But thats about it. We also stayed at THE SOHO GRAND hotel in Soho, and we loved it. If you want to stay in this area of the Marriott i think I would go to the W-HOTEL right next door. I have not stayed there but I looked much nicer	
Dec 2 2006 	Good hotel GREAT location	We stayed here two nights at the end of Nov. 2006 as tourists NYC. Got a good deal through Priceline. The hotel is older, but it has great character. Service from the front desk and the concierge were impeccable. However, the lobby area can get very busy during the early evening. Our room was nice; pretty much what you would expect from Marriott - complete with essential amenities. The only complaint about the room was that it quite noisy at all hours, with the traffic on Lexington. The highlight is that the hotel is in a GREAT location with a lot of GREAT shopping nearby and easy access to cabs and the subway.	
Oct 18 2006 	You Can Depend on Marriott	You can almost always depend on Marriott and the New York Marriott East Side lived up to our expectations. The location at 49th and Lexington Avenue is great because most of what we did in the four days we were there was within walking distance, including the Broadway shows. We felt safe in the neighborhood. Our room was small but very tastefully decorated with a very very comfortable bed. We ended up paying twice what we had for a room at the hotel across the street just 6 months ago, but this was a reflection of the overall NYC hotel market and this was the only room in its class that was priced below $400 in this neighborhood. The only thing I would have appreciated that was not provided was either a bigger towel or a terry robe. Other than that, it was not any less of an experience than the trendy W Hotel across the street.	
Oct 15 2006 	Always Happy at The Marriott East Side!!!	My husband and I have stayed all over the city with our children and without (2 girls 7 &amp; 9). Comparing the Marriott East side to the Hilton on 6th or the W in times square it's easy to give this hotel a rave review. We were just their from Oct 6-9. When we arrive we are always greeting with smiles and hello's. The hotel guest relations coordinator Kenda remembers us everytime we go (about 3 times a year). This particular stay we reserved a Jr Suite with a pull out sofa for our children. When we got to the 6th floor room it smelled of smoke (non-smoking hotel) and the tub was clogged. I called down to the at your service desk and requested a change of rooms due to the fact of an asthmatic child. We were not given the same room but instead the Ambabassador Suite on the 33rd floor. The hotel staff could not have been more helpful. My profile with Marriott states that I have an asthmatic child, however I don't feel that this is why I was switched to such a large suite. I believe it is the relations that the staff tries to keep with it's guest. I have never experienced a rude employee at this hotel. Having stayed here about 3 times a year for the past 5 I find that quite amazing. Not sure if everyone knows this, but JW Marriott is the parent company for the Ritz Carlton. As a frequent guest of the Ritz in Boston as well as the Ritz Beach Resort in Naples FL. It is easy to compare this category 7 Marriott to the Ritz. For anyone who expects a LARGE hotel room in NYC should do somemore research, most that I've stayed in have been quite small. I'm sure do to the fact that the city is so populated. Paying over $500 a night was completely fine for what we got (even if our room hadn't changed) Location, just blocks from the best shopping and sites in NYC. The easy highway access and the fact that you are in such a large city and yet at this hotel you get the feel that you are in a neighborhood. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to enjoy New York!!!!	
Oct 4 2006 	Good for Business Travelers	I frequently stay at the East Side Marriott while in NYC for business. My most recent stay there was in June of 2006. This hotel is conveniently located on the east side of midtown, provided a great location when needing to get a cab to the airport and also within walking distance of most of my client meetings.The staff are friendly - they are always willing to call a cab with a smile or help with bags. I often arrive in the morning straight from LaGuardia, and if my room isn't ready, the bell captain happily checks my bags with a smile. The rooms aren't huge, but they are clean and functional. The rooms on the higher &quot;club&quot; level are larger than the regular rooms, but all rooms have marble bathroom and comfortable beds. I have not used the fitness center on site, but I have had no trouble with room service or the hotel restaurant.Overall, I think the East Side Marriott is convenient and provides good business services for travelers. I would also consider staying here for leisure, although I can't comment on the concierge service.	
Oct 4 2006 	Average hotel great location	I stayed at Marriot East Side NY 5 nights from sept 16 th. to sept.22.th. For the five nights I payed 2900$ (including tax) which I thought was much to expensive, comparede to the hotel standard, which I thought was very, very average. The reception was dark, dull, and smelled a sort of &quot;moldy&quot;. My room which included a very comfortable bed (and that's important), was quite small, and very simple. It seemed quite worn, the carpets were stained, the bathroom OK, but with no warming so everything I put there got quite humid. The people at the frontdesk (reception) seemed a bit rude to me. They did not say hello or velcome when I arrived, and not goodbye when I left. They just replied yes og no shortly at all my questions, and they never gave a smile. As my first impression of USA in my whole life, I wondered were I had landed. After a while I still found this very strange because all other people working at the hotel were so nice, velcoming and polite. The same good impression I got of all other people I met in NY, both in business and leisure situations, during my stay. The manager which desk was right beside them also was very polite nice and helpfull. The concierges as well!What was great with the hotel were two things: The location was just fantastic! In walkingdistance to almost everything, I just loved it! And since the UN General Assembley was gathered, the traffic was a big mess, and then it was lovely just to walk the distances. And I loved the Starbucks on the next corner. The other great thing with the hotel was the fitnesscenter in 35 floor. I just loved it! Morningexercise with a great view all over The Big Apple, I cannot believe how lucky I was!!. I did just visit the restaurant for breakfast. which costed 25$. Quite expensive, but then you could eat as much as you liked and the variation was great, even though I just ate fresh strawberrys and toasted bagles everyday. Well I have to admit I was quite disappointed about mye hotelroom. (suppose it is because I have heared a lot about big rooms and a bit more &quot;glamour&quot; when it comes to american hotelstyle) I am glad I didn't realise the price before I left, and that it is my employer paying.... But I just loved New York, the people, the city, the everything!!!!!!!!	
Sep 13 2006 	Nice room 	We stayed at the New York Marriott East side 9/3-9/5/06. The hotel location is GREAT - 6 blocks from the middle of Times Square or a $5 cab ride. It is an older hotel, in fact I think it said something about it being the tallest hotel in the world in 1920's. That translates to the room layout being somewhat awkward, our closet was tiny, and the elevators are small. They weren't slow to me, but only fit 5-6 people. Nothing in terms of decor looked old or outdated to me. The bedding is wonderful! The rooms are nicely decorated. I did notice some stains on the ceiling, but that didn't make or break my stay. The gym has a great view of the city. We ate the restaurant and the bar and both were good. The concierge was helpful with attractions. It is expensive, but not shocking for a hotel in downtown NYC.	
Aug 23 2006	Wonderful Experience	My husband and i just returned from a 4 day visit to New York. He commuted there for 30 years and now we love to visit. I thought I had been guaranteed a king/2 doubles but we were given a queen. I pushed the &quot;at your service&quot; button on the phone and we were accomodated with an upgrade to a superior room - the Asst. Mgr. was extremely nice (which I can't say for the check-in clerk). We are Marriott Silver Elite members so that may have had some bearing on our upgrade. The room was wonderful, clean, and a great view of the Chrysler Building. We had and incident in our room with a window coming out of its track - the maintenance and secuirty guard were so nice and responded immediately. We had to move again and were given another upgraded room. All staff, other than the check-in clerk were very friendly and very helpful. We loved the new Marriott duvets - very cozy. The concierge staff was also most helpful. We did not hear a door slam or any noise from the street (we were on the 22nd floor). All in all a wonderful experience.	
Aug 17 2006 	Nice Hotel nice location.	We stayed here for 3 nights in August (2 adults, 2 teenage children) and found it to be a very nice hotel. The main plus point being the location. The staff were very helpful and friendly. It was on the expensive side $376.00 per night, but this is probably because of the location more than anything else. We ordered a larger premier room with two queen beds which was a very good size. The room was at the rear of the building, so there was no view at all, but is was clean and very comfortable. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. As for the lifts, we never waited more than 20 seconds.	
Aug 13 2006	Nice hotel Horrible view good location but expensive	This was the first time we have taken a family trip to New York, and we had great trouble trying to find a hotel room to sleep 5 people (2 adults, 3 children) and we finally picked the Marriott East Side. As the hotel room was about $500 a night I was expecting something a bit better than normal.Check-in was easy, but when we opened the door to our room I was very disappointed. The room looked very dated (decor &amp; furniture) and the view was the worst I hve ever seen. First impressions were zero out of 5 !! In the end we thought the room was comfortable enough (even though the mattress on the sofa-bed could have been thicker as the bed frame did tend to dig in to my thigh when I rolled over), and the view from the room didn't really matter as the only time spent in the room was while sleeping.The hotel is in a great location (opposite Waldorf Astoria) with a hop-on/off stop for the Circle line bus company just 50 yards away.Hotel bar was nice and staff were friendly. In all we think the hotel was comfortable, in a good location, had a horrid view from our room and was very expensive. I very much doubt if we would stay there again, but that all depends on what other hotels in New York will take 5 people	
Aug 2 2006 	Nice but overpriced...	I've stayed at many Marriott before and always had good experience but I can't say the same for this one. For start, it was expensive. I booked a room for 4 people and specifically requested 2 double beds. At check in, the staff told me they didn't have any of the room type I requested and that I would have to live with a king and a roller bed. I was too tired to argue so I took it. So it was 3 people on the king and 1 on the roller. The king bed was nice and very comfortable. However, the roller was not comfortable at all and my friend couldn't sleep all night. The hotel itself was very nice and our room as nice and clean as expected. However, at 6 am, I was awaken by the construction outside my window. Whatever you do, do NOT take out the drinks from the fridge because you will get charged even if you don't drink it. I simply took some stuff out to look at them, at check out, I had to argue with the front desk for charging me. Overall, I would say it was a nice hotel for couples, but not for singles.	
Jul 22 2006 	very impressed!	My wife and I stayed during the July heatwave.....and found the rooms to be very large, cool, with excellent bedding, wonderful bathrooms (marble floors and rainshower head), and very quiet. The 37th floor work out room has amazing views and modern equipment. I let the reservation staff know it was a 40th birthday and they booked us in an upgraded room and sent up fruit......a really nice touch. This felt like a real NYC hotel. Yes the elevators are vintage 1926 but I really enjoyed my stay. The Marriots are starting to really impress me overall. We stayed in 3 different hotels during our 4 day stay and I think this was the most impressive.	
Jul 12 2006	Good Overall	My family and I recently stayed at this Marriott East Side in NYC for 6 days and had a good experience. The hotel check-in staff was very nice and upgraded our room when I expressed concern about the rooms being too small for a roll-away (based on reviews posted on TripAdvisor!) We were upgraded to a corner room which had more than enough room for all of us. The hotel is located close to the subway (3 min. walk up Lexington) and centrally located to most of Manhattan. There is a Starbucks 1 block away and the hotel is close to numerous delis, pharmacies, etc. The concierge was very helpful with restaurant recommendations and directions/advice. The gym was also nice - located on the 35th floor. The view was quite interesting and the aerobic machines had their own TVs. There were also a few machine weights and a very small (1 person) free weight/stretching area. Be advised however, that the hotel is noisy - windows are thin - even on the 19th floor I could hear cars honking every night, all night long, through my earplugs! In addition, the air-conditioner in the room was noisy and turned on/off all night long. Also, the maid service was a bit lacking - stains on the carpet; dust everywhere, mildew stains in the bathroom grout, etc (I think this must be a management issue with the Marriott, because we had a similar experience in Boston at the Marriott Long Warf just prior to our stay at the East Side NYC location.) Although we had maid service 2x day, neither cleaned or refreshed our in-room coffee maker, changed our sheets or put away our iron/ironing board unless we specifically requested. Overall, I thought the hotel was a good value ($250/night) and I would recommend it to anyone who is not a light sleeper or a neat-freak because of its location.	
Jun 30 2006	The worst!	This is a 4 star hotel? Our room was a closet; the rugs and upholstery were stained and tired, and the bed was so awful we ended up sleeping with the mattress on the floor.The public areas were crowded with some of the most unappetizing people in the world: hordes of loud and pushy families dressed in shorts and too-tight clothing. Waits for the too-few elevators (half were out of service) averaged fifteen minutes.The only redeeming feature was the helpful maintenance and maid service staff. Perhaps they felt bad for the guests.What a dump!	
Jun 26 2006	Marriott East Side Better than I thought	After reading the bad reviews, after I had already booked the Marriott Eastside, I was expecting the worst. It was not bad at all! The hotel is centrally located Eastside/Murray Hill. It's easy to walk to most places. The rooms were a bit small, but it is NY in a historic building. Be sure to get a high floor to avoid road noise and to avoid the slow elevators. The upper floors seem to get an elevator that is descending from the gym on the 35th floor. Price was right, location was good, and the staff was very courteous.	
Jun 6 2006 	Run down not at all worth the price	Booked at the East Side Marriott for a business trip to New York. Of all the hotels (and Marriotts) I've stayed in all over the world, this is the worst. Run down hotel, mildewed moldy shower, broken locks on the door, lemon lysol flavored body products (I actually had to rinse the lotion off b/c it smelled so terribly). For almost $400/night, you can find much better...even in the Big Apple.	
May 25 2006 	Dirty smoky rooms	I booked this hotel because of a convention. The rate was good, but the rooms were very dirty: carpet stains, smoke smell covered up with heavy perfume. I originally had a large corner king room, but asked to move to another room because it smelled so bad I couldn't sleep. Then received a small room right next to the elevators. The smell was a little better in the smaller room, but the carpet was extremely dirty.There was also a party next to me one night, people up until all hours and lots of smoke.Do not stay here if you used to a full service Marriott, you will be disappointed. I had better service and cleaner rooms when I stayed at the Courtyard on 5th Ave.Pros: - Location - Cheap convention room rateCons: - Sub standards service - Dirty - Extremely slow and cramped elevators	
May 22 2006	Some Good Some Not So Good	My father and I booked at room at Marriott East Side to attend a 2 day family event. We arrived on a Friday at 6pm to find that there were no rooms with two double beds available, that we would be put in a room with a king bed and a roll-away bed could be provided. Our reservation clearly stated our request for a double-double and we felt this was necessary for obvious reasons. Now I understand how the request process works, but there should be a policy that allows a person to guarantee a room with two double beds or allow them to look elsewhere. I realize that Marriott's cancellation policy is extremely generous (allowing cancellation up to 6pm the day of arrival), but I would be perfectly willing to be on the hook for a night's room rate with a guarantee that the bedding preference is honored. If you want to take a chance your request might not be granted in exchange for the generous cancellation policy that's fine with me. But if the request can't be guaranteed we should have an opportunity to look elsewhere for other options, not find out at 6pm on a Friday night that I have to sleep in the same bed as my father! It's just too expensive to not get the product you paid for. To her credit the front desk clerk handled the situation in a reasonably friendly manner and upgraded us to a junior suite to placate us.Other reviews have mentioned the elevator. The elevator situation is truly a horror show. It takes way too much time to get an elevator, particularly during the crunch hours. Plus, it does not engender confidence when the elevator acts a bit quirky during operation. Several elevators made odd sounds and would lurch a bit during transit. I ended up taking the sta most irsof the time.The bathroom had no vent, the TV was placed in such a way that you could not see it fully from either the bed, or the couch. Good luck finding out how to get the fitness room on the 35th floor (hint... it takes at least 2 different elevators). The sheets were nice, high thread count variety and comfortable. The room was mostly clean, although there were some beard trimmings around the sink when we checked in. The breakfast included in our room rate was reasonable. The breakfast buffet had a nice variety. Several times we went to seek the advice of the concierge and they were not stationed at their desk. The seating arrangement in the lobby bar isn't thought out very well. We also noticed the next night that the people who were riding up the elevator were eating fresh chocolate chip cookies. We asked where they got them and they said they were given out during check in. No cookies for us during our check in process. Guess that's the way the cookie crumbles.This is a hotel geared toward conventions. I would steer away from this particular Marriott if you are in NYC just for pleasure as there are so many better choices with greater intimacy. We felt like we were in a hotel factory.	
May 20 2006	Nice hotel nice location bonkers city!	1st time in New York. Nice hotel, chosen due to reviews on this webpage. Got corner rooms, very nice, better view the higher up you go. Very comfortable beds. Fridge and coffee machine available freeof charge upon request.As good a location of anywhere in New York. Subway two blocks away. Short walk to Rockefeller, 5th avenue, times square, central station. Lots of restaurants a few minutes walk away.Deli next door a rip off, one over the road on the corner excellent for breakfast, drinks and cups of tea! There's also an excellent oriental style deli a short walk away on 3rd ave.One tip, asked the concierge about a car to take us back to JFK (4 of us with big suitcases), he said it'd cost $109 plus toll and tip. Spoke to Bell captain, he got us a Lincoln town car for $55 all in. I suppose they've all got their hobbles.If I went to New York again i'd probably stay somewhere else, just due to the sheer number of options available, but I'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone that asked.	
May 6 2006 	BIG ROOMS GREAT LOCATION	I got a room here for 1 night through priceline.com for a rate $130. I was surprised because I have walked past this hotel many times as it's in the &quot;hotel business district&quot; with The W, Intercontinental, Doubletree, Radisson, Roger Smith and many others all within a 2 square block radius. The 6 train is 2 blocks away on 51st street. I was allowed to check in at 1pm I was given a room with 2 double beds. The room was very big and the bathroom was big as well. Later that night I checked my bank account and saw that the hotel authorized $400 in charges. I confronted the front desk and they confirmed only $52 should be authorized, not $400 and they could do nothing about it. I would have to wait 48 hours for the charges to drop off. That was the only disappointment during my whole stay and I would stay here again.	
Apr 6 2006 	Great beds!	I stayed at this hotel while attending a conference in January. The best thing about this place was the bed, which was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept in. It was FAR better that the so-called &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; that Westin brags about. The sheets were soft, the comforter fluffy and warm and the pillows big and plump.Upon arrival I asked for a corner room, and got one. It was worth it to ask. The room was far bigger than the rooms my travelling companions had. The view from one of the windows was a picture postcard view of the Chrysler Building. Great!!!My only complaint would be about the elevators. I sometimes had to wait 5 minutes for one to arrive.	
Mar 21 2006	Nice Place	We stayed here in mid october on a sunday for an overnight stay. Everyone at the hotel was very nice and helpful. The rooms were nice. We got our room for $140 through priceline which was an okay price. When I found out that the rooms were $300 a night normally I almost choked. I would have felt ripped off paying that much for jus an ordinary hotel. I guess that is nyc prices though. The beds were comfortable and the staff was nice. Stay here with no worries, but no high expectations either.	
Mar 14 2006	Loved the Marriott East Side	Wow!!! What an experience!! We had a wonderful time this past weekend at the Marriott East Side. We were a group of 7, mom's and daughter's in New York for a girl's weekend. We had 2 rooms, one had a King bed, small room, but very cozy, (great view of Lexington Avenue) perfect for 2 people and our other room was a suite, that had 2 double beds and a queen pull out couch, we slept 5 girls in this room and had more than enough room! We had coffee pots, extra pillows and towels and a fridge delivered as soon as we called.Everyone at the hotel was so friendly and helpful from the moment we arrived until we left!!Pefect location, walking distance to everything!!!We can not wait to go back!!	
Mar 3 2006	Good hotel	I stayed here for a conference and overall, was impressed with the hotel. The rooms were small but clean. It is an old hotel (remodeled) and has that old hotel room smell - a bit musty. The hotel had a very nice fitness center. Business center only had 2 computers but adequate. The location was across from the Waldorf and next to the W. The one thing I must say is that the rooms were extremely hot. I was there during one of the coldest day in NYC history and had to open the window and turn on the a/c! Overall it was a nice hotel.	
Feb 28 2006	Great hotel great location what more could you want	We stayed at the Marriott for 1 week. We found the rooms very comfortable and well equipped. The rooms were immaculate and cleaned every day. Showergel, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion and mouth wash were all replaced everyday.There is a safe, iron and ironing board, television and a coffee maker if you request one.This hotel is in a great location and within walking distance to all midtown places. The metro is only 1 street away.There is complimentry Tea and Coffee served every morning in the lobby.The one draw back about this hotel, is that the drinks are expensive in the bar and they automatically add a tip on to your bill - you don't have a say in how much of a tip you want to give!All in all, I would stay here in a flash again and wouldn't hesitate in staying here.PS one of the lifts wasn't working, so it was slow to catch a lift most days - apparently this is the norm!	
Feb 27 2006	Nice Marriott not a great location to Time Square	This Marriott is very nice and comfortable, but beware that you are a good walk from Times Square (not bad in warm weather, but terrible in cold weather). If you want to be in the middle of things, this is not the hotel to stay. However, you are close to the subway and in easy walking distance to many popular places. I got an upgraded Superior Room and it was small, but not near as small as the standard room. It is what you would expect for New York City. The room was decorated nice and I didn't have much of a problem with the street noise. If you want a safe and comfortable place to stay and you are a loyal marriott person, pick this hotel. If you want to be in the middle of Time Square, check out the Marriott Marquis (it looks nice too).	
Feb 2 2006	Very Nice	This hotel was very clean, and comfortable. One drawback- if you are on one of the upper floors (including concierge level) you will have to take two elevators. We found the elevators in general to be fairly slow. The view, however, from the upper floors is awesome. The bathroom we had was large and quite nice.The regular beds were nice and soft but my 9 year-old daugther wants you to know that &quot;The pullout bed was really hard, when I woke up, my back was sore.&quot; Good location only a couple of blocks from Grand Central with plenty of NY priced restaurants in the neighborhood.	
Jan 28 2006	Typical Marriott (so not bad)	This was my second time at the Marriott East Side. The second time was a huge improvement over the first and I'd stay there again. I had a room with two double beds so it was a good sized room for NYC and the linens were new and comfortable.The staff was very friendly.My only recommendation is that you skip breakfast at the Marriott and go next door to the Heartbeat restaurant at the W for breakfast. It's much cheaper than the Marriott restaurant ($6 less for scrambled eggs), has better service and is in a nicer room.	
Jan 13 2006	Very Good Hotel	Very good hotel. Staff very friendly. Rooms exceptionally clean. Beds great. Bathrooms &quot;spic and span&quot;.A few blocks off Broadway. Close to many of the shows. Would stay again next time in NY.Check in and check out quick, friendly and 100% accurate. Stay on top floors and very good breakfast and cocktail hour included in room rate.	
Jan 6 2006	Great hotel	We stayed here from 12/30/05-01/02/06. Our deluxe corner king room was a good size, clean, comfortable and stylish. We ate breakfast in the restaraunt every day, standard hotel fare with excellent omlettes. The hotel staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly. The only downer is the number and speed of the elevators.	
Jan 5 2006	Excellent service in a very good hotel	My family and I visited New York for the first time over the weekend of 16th to 19th December. We stayed in the Marriott East Side on 49th and Lexington. We had a double double bedroom which was more than adequate for our needs.I cannot praise the hotel staff enough for their helpfulness. From the moment we arrived when we met Declan and Mikey the bellhops through to the kindness of the house staff on our floor (in particular Rosie)we were made to feel welcome.The rooms could possibly do with some updating but overall were very clean and plenty big.Unfortunately my daughter became ill on the flight to New York and we had to spend a lot of time in the hotel. Despite this we had an excellent stay and fell in love with the Big Apple. The Hotel staff were very helpful throughout from providing information on doctors to arranging to room service (who went out of their may to make my daughter chicken soup which wasn't on the room service menu). When we had to extend our stay, as my daughter couldn't fly due to her illness, the reception staff were very helpful in ensuring that we retained our room and provided a late checkout at no extra cost when we finally left on the 22nd.If you need any help with theatre bookings talk to the concierge, need a cab or limo talk to the guys on the door (especially Mikey). In the Marriott nothing is a problem.Suffice it to say that despite our daughter's illness, a transit strike and the small matter of a fire alarm, we had a ball and will definitely be returning to New York and the Marriott	
Jan 3 2006	Awesome Stay	Stayed at the NY Marriott Eastside from 12/26-12/31/05 with my teenage daughter and neice. What a great hotel! Requested early arrival and was able to check in at 8:30am. We had a nice sized corner room with windows. We were given a king bed and reqested a roll away which arrived within an hour of check in. Bathroom was immaculate with a shower and tub and bath &amp; body toiletries!! We were given extra towels and pillows and also bathrobes! The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. The lobby lounge was plus when you wanted a drink and have some munchies. The restaurant was a little pricey but excellent food. The elevators were only a little slow when it was peak time but not more than a 2-3 minute wait. Rockefeller Plaza and Times Square all within walking distance. Only one of the Concierge staff was rude. I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 29 2005	Great room great price -- and mostly good service	We visited the New York Marriott East Side from Dec 18 - 22 2005. The trip was for our anniversary. We booked the room though Marriott's website and prepaid to get a great rate of 169.00 per night. Since it was our anniversary, I called a couple weeks ahead to let them know we were celebrating. We arrived at the hotel around 10am and the front desk wished us a happy anniversary right away, which was really nice. They were very friendly but said our room was not ready yet. They then said that we were in an excellent room so come back in a couple hours to check in. The bellhop stored our bags and we came back a few hours later.When we checked in a couple hours later and got to our room we were overwhelmed. I have stayed in a number of Marriott Hotels and was quite pleased with the room that we were given even in relation to other newer Marriott properties. It was a corner room with views of Rockefeller Center and Lexington Ave on the 23rd floor. It was huge -- much larger than an average king room at other newer Marriott hotels that I have actually paid more per night for. They gave us extra towels and pillows just like requested, and within fifteen minutes of our arrival brought up the fridge we requested as well. The room was just like brand new, the bed was amazing, and even the bathroom was wellsized with a great shower head and marble all around. Overall we could not have been more impressed with the room -- way more space and much nicer than we even expected (especially considering how little we paid)! We had turndown service every night and no street noise at all. Overall the room was top notch. I am sure that people at nicer hotels in NYC have paid much more for much less room.Other hotel services we used: -Business center was very friendly and helpful, though a little overpriced for internet at 30bucks an hour. -The bar in the lobby was great -- good drinks and friendly service. Not a trendy or hip place by any means but a good spot for a quick drink before going out. For an even better bet try the W Hotel next door, they have a bar called Whiskey Blue that is terrific. Really, our only complaint about the hotel was the concierge. If you see Michael Herbanski (sp?) behind the desk, don't bother. He was rude and unhelpful to say the least. The concierge named Topher (don't remember the last name) was much more helpful.One more great thing about the hotel was the location. You really can't beat 49th and Lexington... just a few blocks from Rockefeller Center, the theatres and Times Square. Overall, I'd give this hotel great marks for an excellent stay at a great value. I do hear that the rooms vary widely in size, so calling ahead after making a reservation might be your best bet for a good room. All in all, when we go back to the city, we will definitely stay at the Marriott East Side again!	
Dec 4 2005	Exceeded our expectations	After reading so many negative reviews of this hotel posted at this site, I was seriously concerned about staying here during our first visit to NYC. Bottom line, we stayed at this hotel for 5 nights over Thanksgiving and will absolutely stay here again. Staff was pleasant throughout our stay, room was fine, housekeeping was fine, elevators were fine, lobby was fine, and the location was excellent for our plans. This is a landmark (read: old) hotel, so cut her some slack. It’s a nice place and we had a great stay. A tip to Gold members: if you plan to use the concierge lounge on the 35th floor, negotiate for a room on the 16th floor or above. Otherwise, you’ll need to take 3 elevators to get to the top (#1: 1-15 floors, #2: 16-32 floors, #3: 33-35 floors) It's a nice view once you get up there!	
Dec 1 2005	Very nice place	Spent one night at the Marriot East Side after paying $150 on Priceline. Great location right on Lexington Ave. Very quick walk to 5th Ave, Central Park, or the United Nations. Also is a quick walk to the subway that takes you right over to Broadway or Carnegie Hall. It is also right next door to the W if you want to have some drinks in a more trendy atmosphere. I have read some reviews that talked about how small the rooms are or how noisy Lexington Ave is. I have to think that those reviewers have never stayed in New York before. New York is noisy, especially the major avenues. You will hear taxi horns all night, there is no way of avoiding it. Frankly, I don’t like staying in New York if I can’t hear them. Also, our room was perfectly adequate, especially considering the incredibly comfortable king-sized bed that we passed out on. The Marriot East Side is a bit of a classic hotel, which means it is a little older. However, it feels like it has class and dignity, rather than just being weathered.	
Nov 30 2005	Great Stay at the Marriott East Side	My husband, mother-in-law and I stayed at the Marriott East Side over Thanksgiving weekend. We had 2 rooms, 2114 and 2102. 2114 was a somewhat smaller size room but just fine. It had a beautiful heavenly bed with a view over Lexington Avenue. There was also a refrigerator for your personal items and Bath and Body Works bath items. Upon check-in I requested an upgrade if possible to a corner room and this was granted (room 2102). The room was about 2 or 3 times the size of 2114 and had a very comfortable king size bed with 4 windows. From one of our windows we could even see the top of the Chrysler Building. Upon check-in the front desk staff was very friendly and there was hot apple cider set out for the guests in the lobby. Each morning there was complimentary Starbucks coffee in the lobby. We ordered room service once and the food was good and arrived promptly. It is pricey, but when is room service not expensive? This is to be expected.We found no difficulty at all with the elevators or retrieving our vehicle from the Parking Staff. We consulted the concierge on a number of occasions for directions and recommendations and were met with very friendly and helpful service. I would definetely recommend this hotel. We had a great time.	
Nov 26 2005	a nice hotel fro the price	We just stayed at the hotel Thanksgiving nite...got a great deal on Priceline($130)...the hotel was just fine!!..a standard Marriott hotel...rooms were a good size and the mattresses and down quilt were quite nice...the bathroom was nice with a very good shower!!All in all, a fantastic deal on Priceline...hotels.com was charging $400 for the same room!!! You WILL be happy if you get this hotel!!..it isn't the Four Seasons, but just fine anyway!!	
Nov 25 2005 	Good Location	Stayed at the Marriott East Side for a sales meeting in April 2005. My room was located on a corner and had two windows, one of which faced the Chrysler Building. I was far enough up that the street sounds were not an issue. Some of my coworkers were located on the 8th floor and lower facing the front of the hotel and they were bothered by street sounds off Lexington Avenue. Room was good size for NYC. Had a coffee maker, shoe shine machine, beautiful terry cloth robes and lots of towels and comfortable sitting/desk area. Water pressure was a bit less than hoped for in the shower, but good for the upper floors and the age of the building. Far enough away from the elevator to not listen to folks coming up and down. There is a fair amount of waiting around for the elevators and they are certainly pokey. If you have a meeting or an appointment, factor in an extra ten minutes in case you get stuck waiting or you hear the elevator speed past your floor even though you are standing with the call button lit. Restaurant service was a bit pokey, but when we informed them every morning that we were in a bit of a hurry, they accommodated well. Food was average, but good for a hotel. Doorman, Mike, from Galway Ireland was exceptionally helpful and friendly throughout the stay. I found him to be informative, polite, friendly and professional. Also the Concierge team was a great help on our off times with suggestions and helpful information about things to do. Walking distance to almost anything you would want to visit.	
Nov 24 2005	Fantastic!	We stayed at the Mariott for one night, booked through priceline and received totally awesome service - We were allowed to check in early, at noon and given a room with a great view - all at no extra charge. The room itself was small but definately larger than a lot of NYC hotels and the comforter was very comfy. The hotel even stored our bags all day after we checked out so we could explore the city some more before leaving NYC. I would definately stay here again and recommend this hotel to friends and family. Their location is hard to beat too, not a far walk from Times Square, Rockfeller Center, the Park or even a subway station.	
Nov 12 2005	VERY DISSAPOINTING STAY	I stayed for 1 night and would never stay at this hotel again. The room was small and cramped; the décor was nice but not enough room space. The window had been left open when we came in the room and there were flies. The bathroom was small. The food is expensive. The lobby is small and cramped. I will say however that the bed was comfortable beyond belief and the hotel staff was very nice and very helpful. For the same price or less you can stay at several other better hotels in Times Square.	
Oct 25 2005	Good deal	I've actually stayed there twice. (previous time was in October 2001) The service was great and our room was comfortable. The rooms are small, but it is NYC, afterall. The hotel is clean and the beds are comfortable. The only negative was the elevators. There was only one operating for our section of floors while we were there, so there were many long waits. I will stay there again.	
Oct 19 2005	Absolutely loved it	I called the Marriott East Side one day prior to arrival to request a room away from the elevator and something special if possible because I was bringing my best friend and I wanted it to be extra special. Upon arrival we were told we had been upgraded suite! The suite was beautifully appointed. The extra space was very much appreciated. The beds of the old days with those disgusting bed spreads are gone, in their place are rich thread count sheets, down comforter, and beautiful blue throw blankets. The bathroom was very large, especially for NYC standards. We requested a mini-refrigerator for our beverages, and it arrived five minutes later. Very impressive. On Sunday morning I called and asked for a New York Times, and they were out, but I was told by the manager that she would have someone go and get me one, in the rain. I said it was ok, but she insisted. 15 minutes later, the paper arrived via the manager that had gone out and gotten it, now that is customer service! The hotel lobby was very warm and inviting with nice sized bar, they offer coffee and bagels. The business center had four computers with high speed intenet. Room service was very prompt and the food was very good. We requested a late checkout, no problem. The location is perfectly situated in mid-town. We went next door to the Bliss Spa for the best pedicure, highly recommend. We will definately go back.	
Oct 8 2005	Needs to look at staff attitude	We stayed at the Marriott East side 10-14th September. The United Nations conference was on and we were in the middle of the security zone which made it very noisy and had lots of police and general chaos around. Despite this happening every year (I understand) the staff at the Marriott gave the impression of just not coping. I am a Marriott fan and stay at their hotels when travalling in the US particularly. This without doubt is the worst experience I have had. Others have mentioned the lifts ----- do they actually work???? On the Sunday, one was out of order, another one stuck between floors and the queue to go up was silly ----no member of staff seemed bothered. When the lift we got in dropped a floor and we managed to open the doors and get out and report it --- again no-one was bothered,. Eventually someone took us up to our floor in the service lift but that was only because our friends had a two year old in a pushchair.The rooms are very dull, the bathroom towels look as if they need washing before you've used them and our friends actually had damp towels placed in their room as fresh. We could not get breakfast without waiting/queuing for at least 40 minutes -- we went round the corner to a nice street resaurant and got served immediately. Checking out was met with few words and no help whatsoever to get my suitcase and bags to the taxi. Location was excellent, however the attitude of the staff here lets the Marriott name down greatly.	
Sep 27 2005 	Great Location very secure and comfortable	We stayed for 1 night at the Marriott East Side after disembarking a cruise and were thrilled to be allowed to check into our room at 9:00 am! The front desk was very professional and kind, the concierge was very helpful in answering questions about transportation etc... Our room was actually quite large with 2 double beds, the beds were fabulous! They were the new pillow top mattresses with beautiful down comforters and duvets. The beds were great after a day of running all over Manhattan!The elevators were a bit slow, common in older buildings. We did experience a problem with our telephone that was annoying, for whatever reason all the wake-up calls were routed to our room, we had our phone disconnected which solved the problem and the staff was quite accomodating and reduced our bill for the inconvenience. I would definately stay in this hotel again.	
Sep 11 2005	Wow! Far exceeded our expectations!	My husband and I booked a room through Priceline for $150 per night. The Marriott FAR EXCEEDED our expectations. In our past experiences, booking through a discount internet company usually got us the smallest rooms with the worst views and a tiny double bed. We called in advance asking for a non-smoking room with a King bed and they were more than happy to accomodate us. Check in was busy, but quick, and the people were really friendly. The room was very open and spacious, compared to other NYC hotels we've stayed in. The room and bathroom were both VERY clean. The only problem I ran into was a broken hairdryer. We called housekeeping to replace it, but we had to leave before they could bring us another one (we only had 10 minutes to wait though). To our surprsie, when we returned they had not only replaced the hairdryer, but also replaced the towels and toiletries we used, turned down the bed, and left chocolates on the pillow! The bed and pillows were very comfortable, the linens were really soft, and the AC kept the room nice and cool. There was no coffee maker in the room, but we don't drink coffee so we don't care. However, if you wanted a coffee maker in the room you could easily request it through housekeeping. The location was IDEAL! The 6, E, and V lines were just a couple short blocks away and we were close go running in Central Park. I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this hotel and we would love to stay there again.	
Sep 8 2005	Nice hotel great location	I just stayed at this property for two nights and I didn't have any problems. The room was larger than average and nicely furnished. Of course it's overpriced like all New York hotels. The location is great--the subway is on the corner, you can walk to Bloomingdales, plus there's lots of other shopping in that area. And a Starbucks around the corner--what more could you want:)	
Sep 7 2005	It Works for Me	We spent four nights at the Marriott East Side recently. We were originally assigned a small room which faced Lexington Avenue. Although it didn't bother my husband, the street noise was so loud that I couldn't sleep. If you're a light sleeper, avoid that side of the building. After the first night, I advised the staff of my problem and they cheerfully and immediately relocated us to another room which was larger and extremely quiet. Some of the rooms are somewhat small, which his not unusual for New York. Try the W if you want to see really small rooms at prices which are equal, if not more, than the Marriott. I have to agree that the elevators were unbelievably slow. I attributed that to the fact that one of the three elevators which served rooms on the lower floors was out of order. However, it appears that this problem has persisted for some time. I've stayed at this Marriott before and I probably will again because I like the location and I've always been treated well.	
Aug 28 2005	Nice Hotel Great Location TINY Rooms	We, family of 3, just finished our stay at the Marriott East Side. It's a great location, right off of the 6 train, easy to navigate the city from this location. The hotel is very clean, but the rooms are about the tiniest I've stayed in at New York. We had a king and a roll-away, when the roll-away was down, we could barely navigate around the beds. We had a great rate though, so all in all it was worth it.	
Aug 5 2005	Don't Stay At This Hotel!!!! Read on...	Though this hotel is in a great location, it was a complete hassel in many ways and we now hate Marriott in general. The elevators are so slow and unreliable that we would have to wait 12 minutes in before getting an elevator to the lobby. Our friends actually got stuck in the elevator for 25 minutes and dropped 2-1/2 floors and Marriott handled the whole issue horribly. Other issues ... after complaining, the hotel informed us that a 30 minute wait to get an extra hanger was typical. We wished they just let us know up front so we didn't sit in our room waiting when we could have been sight-seeing. Only after a second request did we finally get our hanger. We also had to wait 40 minutes for our car to be brought around. Again, had they warned us we could have planned accordingly. The manager Nicole Ozan is arogant!! I strongly suggest you stay elsewhere. We have always enjoyed the Martinique by Holiday Inn, too bad they were booked. We were more disappointed at the general lack of care by the Marriott organization than anything (promised to call us in 3-5 to follow up on our complaint - after 10 days I called them back - on hold for 23 minutes - only to get told they weren't willing to do anything for us - not even an appology). Do not make the mistake of staying here when there are so many other hotel chains that will treat you as a valued customer. This hotel and the Marriott organization does not care if you have a bad experience and will not do anything to make up for it.	
Jul 28 2005	Definitely would NOT stay again	Having stayed in numerous Marriott hotels I was more than comfortable in booking 3 nights there for my family and myself. I expected the typical Marriott standard. However I was greatly disappointed in all aspects of this hotel. When I checked into the hotel there was no “hello” or “welcome”, the assistant simply said “name”. I felt that through out our stay the staff were rude and abrupt. We changed rooms originally due its dullness and lack of space for a camp bed, which I had emailed and received a confirmation back for but found lacking when we got our room. The second hotel wasn’t much better and had the same brown and grey colours and lack of space for a camp bed – which they tried to charge me for when I checked out when I never received one, or could have fitted into the room. My second major problem with the hotel was the time it to get a lift. I assure you that I am not exaggerating when I say we waited 6 minutes for a lift one morning. Also the room lacked a tea/coffee facility, which we waited for about 90 minutes before receiving one.I could on with why I wouldn’t stay in this hotel but I think anyone reading this review will gather that we did not enjoy out stay at the Marriott eastside, especially when they weren’t exactly charging cheap prices.	
Jul 13 2005 	Nice hotel great location	This is a very nice hotel, though it can be very expensive. The location is superb. The staff could be friendlier, but we are talking New York City. The rooms are small-to-medium, but very comfortable and very clean. I would recommend this hotel, along with the Marquis. For those who have stayed at the Marquis, it's much easier to get an elevator at the East Side!	
Jul 10 2005 	Disappointing 	As a frequent traveler very loyal to Marriott, I must say this hotel is certainly among the most dingy I have ever stayed in and seems to have been completely ignored when it comes to enhancements being installed in other Marriott hotels across the country. For example, you can forget the new lush beds that have been installed in most Marriotts - these are old and lumpy and very uncomfortable. I stayed in three different &quot;king&quot; rooms and question whether any of the beds were actually kings (mostly queens, circa 1960!).Rooms are very small (even for NY), and are run down with carpets dirty and furniture badly in need of replacement. Bathrooms are tiny. Basically, this is one of those few Marriotts that will give you a bad idea about the chain (which is unfounded, most Marriotts are excellent). Elevators are old and slow, lobby space is unimpressive, even the gym could use new equipment. You are FAR better off at the other two Marriott mid-town locations, which are on the west side (Marquis and the Renaissance Times Square). Both of those hotels offer modern room and nicer accomodations for the same price. Even the Courtyard Marriott on the east side, with its new room renovation, is a much better choice. I will say the staff does its best in light of the unfortunate surroundings. If you are a tourist and get a great deal, maybe this is the place for you. If you are a business traveler and have your choice of hotels, look elsewhere. One last thing - is it just me or does AAA automatically assign every large chain hotel at least three stars?? There is NO way this is more than a two star hotel.	
Jun 8 2005	Great Location Nice accommodations	Just returned from a four night stay at the Marriott Eastside in conjuction with book writers convention. The hotel exceeded our expectations, especially after some of the negative reviews we read on here. We had a room with two double beds for a family of four. The room was a typical size. The sink area was located outside the bathroom which was nice. The room was very clean, but I will say the carpets were a bit worn and stained. They need to be replaced. The location was great, walking distance to Times Square and R.F. Center. My boys loved the Nintendo Store.The concierge was very helpful. He recommended great restaurants that were kid friendly. The younger concierge working on the weekend didn't have as much knowledge about the city but was still helpful. We will stay here again in a heartbeat!	
May 12 2005 	Great hotel	I pretty much lived in this hotel for three weeks on business. As soon as the desk clerk saw how many nights I was staying, she decided to upgrade my room. It took some calling around for her to find something she could give me for that long, but I ended up in a large corner room with a nice view. I only tried the restaurant once for breakfast (typical New York overcharging - $18.95 for bacon &amp; eggs) and ate at the bar a couple of times ($14.95 cheeseburger). Don't bother with the mini-bar ($4.50 for a 10 oz soda) or the gift shop ($2.00 12oz can of Coke) - take a right out the front door to the deli on the corner and wet your whistle there at normal prices. There are lots of good restaurants within walking distance, and it's not a bad walk to Times Square or Rockefeller Center. The subway is close and I felt safe in the neighborhood even late at night. My only knock on the place is the $12.95 high speed internet charge when so many hotels will now give you that for free. Beds are extremely comfortable with down pillows, down conforters, and a featherbed. It's the best sleep I've had in a hotel in a long time, and I'm on the road a lot.	
May 11 2005 	Excellent Stay	Our stay was very nice at this Marriott. The location is only a few blocks away from Times Square. The rooms are a good size, nice, clean and include refrigerators. Using the hotel parking garage is expensive ($45 per night) but we were able to find street parking on Friday, Saturday &amp; Sunday evenings without a problem. The concierge was very helpful as well.	
May 3 2005	It was below my expectations and was not as good as the past	I stayed at this hotel almost exactly a year ago, and I have to say I was pretty disappointed the second time around. The room we were given the last time (the same rate level) was much larger, both in size of the main room and the bathroom. It also felt more luxe than the room we were given this time around. On one hand, that could be due to the fact that the first time we checked in around 10:00 a.m. and the second time we checked in around 11:00 p.m. But, stiil, it was disappointing. This time, the room was very tiny, not much room around the bed and the bathroom was very tiny and was almost the size of a 1/2 bath. The room was very dim and did not get much light where it was located (facing Lexington Ave.). What was really bad was that we had to change rooms when we first arrived for this trip. There was something on the bathroom door that resembled a nose &quot;booger&quot; and there were stains on the fabric shower curtain that either looked like blood or feces stain. It was really appalling. When notified the front desk clerk about the problem, we expected that we might be given an upgrade considering these problems. They did accommodate us and gave us another room, but it was comprobable. At the end of the day, and despite my issues, it did meet our needs and the bed was comfortable.One big problem with the hotel was the elevators. There were only three that went to the higher level floors. They were extremely small and could only fit a few people. Plus, it seemed that the hotel staff were using them as service elevators while they were being used for guests. With a normal, larger size elevator, this normally would not be a big deal. But, with a small cramped elevator it was a problem. They also ran very, very slow. There were times we had to wait 10-15 minutes for an elevator. On Sunday morning, we had to not only wait that long, but each time an elevator would come to us, it would be packed full of people and we had to wait for the next one. This was very frustrating.I didn't use any of the other amenities of the hotel, so I cannot comment on them.I can say that the staff was very professional, polite and helpful. There certainly was good customer service.One other positive thing is that the hotel is in a good central location. There are a lot of good places to eat and shop within steps from the hotel. Also, there was a great spa only a block away at the &quot;W&quot; Hotel, Bliss, where I was able to get a last-minute pedicure. It's also very close to about 4 or 5 different subway lines to other parts of the city.All in all, this stay was just ok, and that's why I only gave it two circles. However, if we were given a better room like last time, I would have probably added another circle. I may decide to try another hotel next time instead of returning to the Eastside.	
May 3 2005	Enjoyed the Marriott East Side	Stayed at the East Side 4/28 - 5/2. When we arrived I asked for upgrades for myself and another couple we were traveling with. We were upgraded with no problem. Yes the rooms are small, but most older hotels in NYC are. Our bed was very comfortable, nice linens and clean. Rooms are nicely decorated. Since it was a special occasion we were sent a nice bottle of wine with appetizers. Great location, have stayed at many hotels in New York, you can't beat the price at this location. I would recommend this property and will stay there the next trip. Very personable staff and good service.	
Apr 11 2005 	A Terrific Stay At The Marriott East Side	I had the pleasure of staying at the Marriott East Side on April 8th-10th, 2005.While regular check in time is 3pm I was fortunate enough that my room was ready and waiting for me when I arrived around 9am! Pretty good considering that the hotel was completely sold out (peak season-spring break). When making my reservation I asked for a king bed, smoker's room on a high floor. Upon arrival I was informed that all smoking rooms were located on the 3rd floor. I had no problem with this. My room was near the front of the hotel and the noise level from the street was quite acceptable (partly due to the thick walls and double paned glass windows);as a matter of fact, the whole floor was surprisingly quiet. The room was spacious and attractively decorated and the bath was quite spacious as well. I was very surprised that there were three telephones (two in the room and one in the bathroom). Everything was very clean, orderly and convenient. The bed in my room was extremely comfortable as it had a feather and down pillow top on the mattress and a feather and down comforter to cover up with. The heat and air controls located on the wall were a real plus as you can regulate the temperature just the way you like it. The hotel staff was very nice and they certainly went out of their way to make sure that my stay was enjoyable. The neighborhood is very safe. The hotel location is perfectly located as it is just down the street from a subway stop and is within easy walking distance to many popular sites and shopping. As a side note: There is a fully stocked mini bar and a snack rack located in the armoir but be careful; there are sensors in the mini bar and snack rack, so if you grab something from either location you will be charged a huge price for that item (example: $3.75 for a bag of chips or popcorn that you would normally find in a vending machine for $.50). You'd be better off picking up something at a nearby deli or store.All in all, my stay at the Marriott East Side was excellent and I'll definately make a reservation for this hotel again.	
Apr 8 2005	Great hotel	My Mum and I stayed at this hotel during thanksgiving and found it very nice, we had no problems at all. Nice area very close to 5th Ave,which is where we spent alot of time shopping or window shopping. The hotel staff were very helpful and organised our helicopter trip and sent us on our way in a taxi. Breakfast was very good, room was really nice beds were so comfortable. Would stay here again, loved it and loved New York	
Apr 5 2005	Will not stay again.	I stayed there March 4-6, 2005, I booked a room for 4 people. When we arrived at 11am, they told me they only had a room with one queen size bed. Then the girl told me they had a Concierge Room on the 31st floor she could give me. The room was nice, but extremely small for 4 people. I asked if some rooms would open up later in the day and she said &quot;NO, we're booked solid,&quot; which I didn't believe because she didn't even bother checking. She offered to bring in 2 rollaway beds, which they did, but then there was no room to even move in the room.Good thing we only were in there to sleep. The room was too cramped and very warm all the time, there was only one small window. I even called and faxed them to confirm that we'd have 2 double beds to accomodate all 4 people but they kept telling me they couldn't guarantee it. The only good thing was that it was in a nice area, close to many attarctions. I probably would not stay there again, I went to stay at the Hilton New York on 54th the last night and the room there was much nicer, and more roomy.	
Apr 4 2005	Good service and standard rooms	The hotel's location and service are both excellent. My husband was surprised when the lady who took care of our room called him by his first name.The room is pretty average, but good enough for what we needed.	
Mar 30 2005 	DECENT	Stayed here for 5 nights. LOCATION: NOT BAD at all and couple of blocks from 51st, 6 train station and or walking several blocks to grand central to get subway access. Not too busy around the area compared to Times Sqaure.HOTEL/ROOM: Room(s) are little small, but then again so are most rooms in NYC, anyone been to the ROGER WILLIAMS? now, that's small! My room was very clean and everything worked as expected. I've been in bigger rooms, Marriott Marquis for example has huge rooms in comparison to Eastside, If your more than 1 or 2 people expecting bigger rooms, you may not want to stay here as you will be disappointed. I would consider their KING size rooms at best: cozy.There were quite a few times we walked down the hallway and considering all the rooms were non smoking, we did smell cigarette smoke and one time, we could swear we smelled pot smoke. Hotel was overly quite at night except for typcial NYC sounds like cops/firetrucks/etc.Would I stay here again, not likely, unless it was a 1-2 day trip. If your looking for a decent place off the beaten path and aren't keen into space/amenities then this hotel/location will more than meet your needs. If you want luxury/better location/MORE ROOM, consider elsewhere.I've been in better places in NYC, I've been in worse. It met my needs.	
Mar 23 2005	Decent local average rooms	This hotel is decent, however, we have stayed at nicer places...Foremost, the rooms are too small. Unlike anything we've ever seen before. We asked for a non-smoking room, yet, are room smelled of cigarettes. They were supposed to air it out, but forgot. We were issued another room, which sufficed. We are not big complainers, but the maids were serious door slammers. This is understandable, but we just didn't care for our experience. Nor, would we go again. Decent location, but simply, undesirable.	
Mar 21 2005 	If you can avoid it--AVOID IT	Went into NYC for a business meeting. Stayed at the Sofitel for the weekend before (great place) and then had to move over to the Marriott for work after the weekend was over. Letdown doesn't begin to describe it. I was in a tiny (and I mean tiny on NYC standards) room, dirty/worn carpet, etc. Certainly not what one would expect from a Marriott. And the elevators were HORRIBLE. It was not uncommon to wait over 10 minutes. I took to taking the stairs from my 21st floor room. Next year when I return for the same meeting, I'll avoid this Marriott at all costs. The Inter-Continental, W and Waldorf are all on same corner. I'll be at one of those.	
Mar 21 2005	Brutal Elevator	I stayed here twice on business because the hotel is close to my local office. Hotel is OK (beds are better than average for Marriotts).Elevator is ridiculous. Waited an average of 8-10 minutes in the morning to get downstairs.First visit: My colleage staying on 15th floor was supposed to meet us in the concierge lounge for breakfast on 46th floor. He had to go downstairs to lobby, take a different set of elevators to the 42nd floor, then another different set to the 46th floor. It took him almost 20 minutes!Second Stay: It got worse. 1 of the 3 elevators was &quot;supposedly&quot; being repaired - but obviously no rush since I was there 4 days and it was broken all 4 days. When the waiting crowd got angry enough, one of the bell hops would take a few people up the service elevator.It's amazing how a simple thing like an elevator can really ruin an otherwise decent hotel.	
Mar 17 2005 	Terrible Room	I just stayed in this hotel on a business trip. The room was in a terrible shape. The carpet was heavily stained; there was a hole in the wall; the walls, window sills, molding were dusty, and there was mold growing around the vent in the ceiling.I got into the room so late, that I just went straight to bed and decided to call to change rooms in the morning. I had an early breakfast with 3 other people, with rooms in similar conditions. Two had try to change rooms unsuccessfully. Since I was just staying for two nights, I didn't try.Needless to say NONE of us will stay here again (we all went back to our companies and sent out email warning others to avoid this hotel and notified (in group) the company organizing the event we were attending - however, their staff was staying here and had the same experience so they already knew!).I was upset with myself for not checking TripAdvisor to see how this hotel was rated. Now, I guess it wouldn't have mattered since there were so many postive ratings, I would have stayed in this hotel.	
Mar 17 2005	Disappointment in Marriott Eastside	Stayed at the Marriott Eastside Nov. 26 and 27, 2004. I was given one of the smallest rooms possible in the hotel even though I am a Marriott Platinum member. Do not believe the detailed amenities on the Marriott website because there is no coffee maker in room, separate tub and shower, or bathtub with spray jets. Had to ask for robes. This is the worst Marriott that I have stayed in NYC. The Marquis, Rigah Royal, and Renaissance Time Square are far better choices. I informed the manager of the discrepancies on web site and he just said &quot;Oh the website is not correct&quot;. He made no effort to get Marriott to get the website to correct their lies, because months later it is still the same. The other reviewers that claim this is a great hotel have obviously never stayed in a great hotel. Marriotts in D.C., San Francisco, San Antonio, Nashville, and even Indianapolis far outclass this hotel.	
Mar 8 2005	Great Stay!	I stayed at this hotel last weekend and was worried before arrival because I was told the hotel was sold out for the weekend and I might not get the two double beds I had requested. When I arrived the staff was very helpful and although there were not many rooms left with double beds we were able to get one. The room was a great size and very comfortable. I will most definelty stay at this hotel again!	
Mar 4 2005	Great Hotel....	Stayed in this hotel for 4 days in November and it was a pleasure from start to end.... We were first greated by a very welcoming doorman (didnt get a name but he had a red beard!), he was very helpful in advising us the best places to eat and of course the best Irish bars in town. On the 2nd night of the holiday the bathroom slightly flooded due to a fault with the toilet plumbing (this is the type of thing that cause ruin your stay but....) the maintanence team were straight up to fix and although none of our belongings were damaged or the bathroom itself - It was a very small flood, were were upgraded to a better room and our room service bills were cleared.. Would definatly stay here again...	
Feb 25 2005	Great location	My daughter 12 and myself stayed here for 4 nights in February. Fabulous location, very helpful staff. We arrived early and our room was ready. The room was very dark but it didnt matter as we were out lots. Good location for subway, so close to 5th Avenue and Central Park. A lovely hotel.	
Feb 16 2005	Fantastic Marriott East Side!!	Fantastic hotel and location!! This was our first trip to the Big Apple for my wife and I so we wanted a really nice hotel in a central location so we travelled to this hotel based on the reviews of others on this site and we were not disappointed, the room was large enough to handle all the bags of shopping we had brought, the staff were friendly and more than willing to help especially the concierge and the guys who looked after our bags and booked our taxi for us to the airport. The hotel was in a perfect location being almost in the middle of everything we wanted to do and see. We didn't use the resturant here as we wanted to try food outside of the hotel. When we return to NYC we will come back again.	
Jan 15 2005	Excellent Location and Good Value	We stayed here for a week over Christmas 2004. All of the staff that we came across were efficient, helpful and polite. The room was quite large for New York and we had no problems throughout our stay.Location was excellent. The hotel is only about 10 minutes walk from Grand Central, and only about 5 minutes walk from the nearest Subway stop. Central Park is about 20 minutes walk and Times Square a pleasant 30 minutes. With Grand Central being so accessible, anywhere within the Manhattan area can easily be accessed by subway. We didn't eat in the hotel as there were plenty of good eateries in the area, covering the full range of cheap fast food, to more expensive menus. For those going at Christmas time, the Rockefeller Centre and its amazing Christmas tree is only about 10 minutes walk away. Whilst we would have to say that we have stayed in better hotels, for location and comfort in an excellent location in New York, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 1 2005	A nice stay at the New York Marriott East Side	For our Christmas trip, we chose the Marriott East Side to be away from the Times Square crowds. This hotel is very quiet at night (at least our room was!), and the beds with down duvets are lovely and comfortable. The staff is unfailingly friendly. The location is good, as it is less than two blocks from the entrance to one of the major uptown/downtown subway lines. Additionally, one of the regular stops for the Grayline hop-on/hop-off tours is right across Lexington Ave. at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel. The only negative for me was that the room/bathroom arrangement of the standard rooms isn't really convenient for a family. Our son is now 14, and we need a room/bathroom arrangement where there is a vanity and sink area located outside the bathroom, so that one person can be showering while another (i.e., Mom) can be doing the hair and make-up thing without a fogged up mirror. This made getting ready in the mornings a little more time-consuming. For two people, the standard room is fine. While staying at this hotel, venture around the corner on 50th Street and enjoy dinner at San Martin - a lovely and moderately-priced (for New York) Italian restaurant.	
Nov 21 2004	Shaky at First but Got Better	When booking I requested a non-smoking room for four with two double beds.I arrived late due to a missed flight and was given instead a room with only 1 king bed and it was on a smoking floor, so it smelled badly. (While I was told about the bed, I wasn't told beforehand that the room was a smoking room.) I went back to the front desk to see if I could switch to anything else. The desk wasn't helpful, and when I asked if could try to switch rooms that morning, the man behind the desk just told me come back in the afternoon the following day and maybe I could get a different room.I tried to get the manager but he was not helpful and I never got to even speak to him. At least the following morning the front desk had a helpful young woman who got us switched out.The rest of the staff (conceierge, bellhops) were good. The restaurant staff was good, too, and the meals all right. (I only had breakfasts there.)The rooms are ok, but even our new room twice had plumbing problems. This isn't too suprising, however, given the age of the hotel -- it was built in 1924. Aside from the smoking room, the rooms were tidy and comfortable. Size-wise, they were about average.The location of the hotel was great -- St. Patrick's Cathedral and the Rockefeller Center were just a couple blocks away. Bloomingdale's, Grand Central, and the Chrysler Building are just right down the street. Times Square, the Empire St. Building, and some other main attractions also are only 15 or so minutes away by foot.Despite some shaky service at first, overall this hotel can be recommended, mostly because of its prime location.	
Nov 18 2004	Not bad..	I stayed here for several nites for business purpose.Great rooms and loved their marble bathrooms.But if i were a tourist and wanted to do something very NYC, I don't think i'd stay here.Not saying it's not a good location because it is very close to the Grand Central and not so far from 5th Ave. but I am a downtown girl and I love the charms of downtown. Never eat at their bar though..very very overpriced even for nykers and their food is even worse than a typical NYC diner. There are tons of nice bars around the area..go down to 2nd ave. but forget the fancy looking bars on Lexington ave. It's just for tourists.	
Oct 11 2004	Great stay..great value...close to everything	We booked 2 rooms at $209 each via the web and when arrived on an early flight (9am) we were hoping to drop off our luggage at the hotel and then check in later. To our delight one of the rooms was ready so we used it to freshen up and start our journey. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Beautiful lobby with Starbucks coffee and breakfast area. We liked the quiet rooms (try booking rooms #35 or #36 on any floor which are away from the elevator). Hotel is close to 51st Street subway line. Lexington is only 6 blocks away (very walkable or a $5 cab fare) from Broadway. Glad we didn't book right at Times Square due to the 24/7 noise and traffic. Rooms were very comfortable and well decorated with interesting lighting and goose down duvets great pillows and mattresses. Close to everything yet far enough away to get a good night's sleep.	
Oct 5 2004	Great hotel great stay	Great location, great service! This was my first trip to New York, and I was so glad that we decided to stay at this hotel. We had thought about staying at another hotel, but based on reviews that we read on this site, we decided to give this one a go. We couldn't have been happier with the location, and the service was speedy and friendly. One morning while getting ready, our room lost power due to a blown fuse. We called the front desk and within five minutes a service man was up in the room and had the problem fixed in seconds. One nice touch was that wake up calls are given along with a quick forcast of the coming day. Easy to decide how to dress...	
Sep 15 2004	Very nice	Stayed over Labor Day weekend and liked the hotel very much. Got decent rate via Orbitz. Unfortunately, discovered at check-in that Orbitz does not pass along bed request. (I should have called the hotel ahead of time to check.) We had asked for 2 doubles for my wife and I and 2 young kids. All they had was kings. But the staff was very helpful and bumped us up to the largest king room they had which allowed plenty of room for a roll-away. Still ended up with 3 in the king but worked okay. Room was very nice and high up with good views. Staff was very nice and prompt with bags, car, etc. Good location just a few blocks east of Rockefeller Center and St Patrick's Cathedral. Nice exercise room. Did not eat at hotel because too many other places to eat in New York. By the way, we booked tickets for Statue of Liberty tour by phone (their web site was down). Paid a small service charge per ticket but it allowed us to book a time in advance. Get the observatory tour. Both are free but the observatory tour lets you go up to the top of the pedestal (near her feet) whereas the promenade tour only lets you in the museum inside the base.	
Sep 6 2004	3 days girls only trip!	Great hotel, great service, but the fridge they advertise you can't use because if you remove something to make room for your thingsyou are automatically charged for it. Also we noticed one of our purses was stolen out of my luggage, lock your suitcases!!!! All in all the trip was fabulous and the new yorkers we found to be very friendly, would avoid the subway though,way too confusing!!!!! Take cab or bus!shopping was awesome!!!!!	
Aug 27 2004	Ideal Mid-town Hotel	Our family of 4 spent 3 nites at the Marriott East. The hotel was outstanding for the $149.00 rate. Many other families were staying there along with the usual business people. Other hotels on Lexington were obviously not as nice. Many nearby restaurants, especially towards the train station. Times Sq. was very walkable, but Central Park was better handled with an $8 cab ride.The hotel was clean, newly decorated. There is a light fare for the breakfast on the go. Didn't use the restaurant - we wanted to try places where 'locals' eat - and weren't disappointed. We are Mariott frequent flyers and now have a free hotel stay coming!	
Aug 19 2004	Family Reunion and Great Fun	My husband, daughter and I met my family (they came from California) on August 10-15, 2004, for a family reunion and sightseeing trip - No one out of the 9 of us had been to NY before so it was a good destination. We booked the air/hotel on Priceline and so did the California family. We were lucky enough to get this hotel. In total we had 4 rooms and all were comfortable and clean. I kept reading about the comfy beds and 'yes' the beds are comfy. Our rooms were on the 5th floor and everyone was happy with them except me. We had a room right on Lexington so the street noise was a bit loud. I was happy when the A/C kicked on to drown out the traffic noise. The rooms off Lexington would have been better. We had a lamp plug that was broken, a shower head that got stuck in the massage mode, a blowdryer break, and the room lights went out after using the iron and blowdryer at the same time BUT the staff fixed or replaced everthing right away. All the staff was friendly and helpful, even the doorman offered to take some pictures of my family in the lobby on our last day - he was even pleasant after being asked to use 5 different cameras! The location of this hotel was central and convenient. Good breakfast at a Deli a few blocks away. I will be back to NY and this hotel.	
Aug 3 2004	Very nice stay at Marriott East Side	Good location. Clean, comfy, cozy room. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here.For our 8th anniversary, I cashed in some Rewards points and booked a weekend at the Marriott East Side. First night FREE and second night $199. Parking at the lot 2 blocks away was going to cost $72 for 2 days. I opted for Marriott's valet parking for $76 instead. They probably put it in the same garage 2 blocks away, but I didn't want to tow our luggage back and forth myself. Plus, on check-out it was raining, so it was a HUGE convenience to have the vehicle waiting for us right out front on Lexington. The room was a standard king bed on the 23rd floor, couple doors down from the elevator, with a partial view looking south down Lexington (top of Chrysler also in view). We really liked the room. It was relatively small, but not cramped; cute and cozy! The king bed was comfy; flanked with endtables and lamps. The TV armoire was in a corner near the foot of the bed, well positioned. A soft chair adjacent to the armoire at the foot of the bed, with the window behind it. The good-sized work desk and phone had ample plugs and ports for setting up my laptop. I was able to get on-line for free because I have an 800 number modem dial-up with my company and the Marriott did not charge for outgoing 800 calls. The fridge in the room was stocked with all the expensive drinks and snacks, and there was no room to put any of our own things in there, but I read that they would provide a complimentary mini fridge if asked. We had a small cooler with us anyway. The decent size bathroom was all marble or granite. Very nice. Hair dryer equipped. Iron and board in the sliding mirror door closet. Didn't perceive any elevator noise whatsoever. Street traffic wasn't bad at all, especially 23 floors up. Occasional police or fire truck siren during the night, but no big deal to us. AC in the room was strong, and the shower water pressure was very good. There is a Starbucks station in the lobby, and there are Starbucks up and down Lexington St and throughout midtown. One deli next door, and hundreds all over town on every up/down/cross street. Location is 3 blocks from Rockefeller Center. Metro runs right down Lexington Street, but we walked everywhere, confining our sightseeing to the lower park and between Lexington Street and Times Square. 5 minute walk to Rock Ctr and 10 minute walk to Times Sq and Central Park. The staff we encountered was pleasant and helpful. I would definitely return to the Marriott East Side.	
Jul 26 2004	Great hotel @ Lexington 	I stayed at this hotel for 7 nights, July 17-24, 2004. The hotel lobby and halls are clean and well lit. My room was fairly good, with a queen size bed, desk, armchair and average sized bathroom. Check in /out was fast, courteous and efficient. The hotel is centrally located in Midtown Manhattan, across from the Hotel Intercontinental &amp; Waldorf Astoria. There are several corner stores, small restaurants, shops, a liquor store, McDonald's on Lexington Ave., close to the hotel. Two subway stations are also nearby - 49th St. or Grand Central Terminal.My room had no view to speak of from my 4th floor room - just highrises, and it was somewhat dark even midday. At the same time my room was VERY quiet both day and night, making for a good night's rest in the middle of the city.The only problems I experienced: a TV set that had a mind of it's own; noisy cleaning staff late at night. I don't recommend staying in a room next to the staff cleaning closet!Overall, I very much enjoyed my stay at the Marriott East Side and would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 21 2004	Great Hotel great location!	The Marriott East Side is a great hotel in NY and I would definently recommend it.The staff were friendly and so helpful to my whole family. They even managed to get tickets for my parents to see Chicago when it was &quot;sold out&quot;. The rooms are a good size and nicely decorated. We had a problem with the blind and window in our room and both were dealt with minutes after we had called reception.The hotel is very close to all the main sights of the city and walking anywhere never takes very long. Grand central station is only a few blocks away as well.Overall great value for money and a great place to stay.	
Jul 16 2004	BIG Rooms	The New York Marriott East Side is beautiful. The lobby is very welcoming, and the front desk employees are forever smiling. The rooms are really spacoius high walls and ceilings the beds are nice and comphy. They are so spacoius that you could fit a roll away bed between the other two regular beds. You really have a good view over looking the area. Also, its pretty close walking and riving distance from Time Square. Over All it was an OK stay.	
Jul 15 2004	Fourth of July 2004	We stayed here for 3 nights and loved it. The staff is pleasant, accommodating, just a bunch of great people. The location is wonderful. Subway right on the corner of Lexington and 51st. Amtrak station right down the street. The room was clean and the beds very comfortable. We walked everywhere or took the subway and never feared for our lives. The fireworks display on the 4th were spectacular and the hotel concierge was so helpful in providing information for the holiday festivities and anything else we needed to know. I would definitely stay here again. Shopping is within walking distance. St. Patrick's Cathedral is a block or two away. The neighborhood was quiet and for a family that was appreciated yet Times Square is also a short walking distance away if that is something you would like to experience. The Shelton Grille located within the hotel was fabulous.	
Jul 13 2004	good but don't use the minibar!	The hotel has quiet and clean rooms but I wasn't impressed with their minibar system. Even if you take a soda out of the fridge for a second to look at it a sensor reads it is missing and automatically charges it to your credit card. The situation was fixed by the front desk but it was annoying. The rooms are small but that is usually to be expected in NYC.	
Jul 8 2004	M. Maxwell	Great hotel, perfect location, friendly door men, VERY slow elevators...Upon checking out, we found an $85.00 charge for a rollaway bed that we never had. The charge was promptly removed with no hassle or attitude from the staff. We got a good rate from the Marriott website of $169 + taxes ($194 total).	
Jul 4 2004	great large rooms	have stayed here several times. Love the location and the rooms. They used to have a decent restaurant. security is good	
May 30 2004	Beautiful Hotel and Nice Price! (big NYC ROOM)	Perfect location and beautiful hotel. May 2004. Needs a good breakfast place nearby--only downfall. 	
Apr 26 2004	Loved the New York Marriott East Side		
Feb 17 2004	Good stay at the Marriott		
Jan 30 2004	Had and enjoyable stay		
Jan 28 2004	Quite acceptable but not really exceptional...		
Jan 28 2004	New York Marriott East Side		
Oct 30 2003	Loved This Hotel!!!		
Oct 20 2003	And the Lights Went Out All Over The City		
Aug 3 2003	I guess it was okay		
May 8 2003	Not a bad choice		
Feb 20 2003	Solid Marriott Offering		
Jan 10 2008 	Hotel vieillissant		
