	Awesome service in an awesome location.	Right on Central Park - beautiful view of park. Service is spectacular. They didn't have the type of bagel I wanted for breakfast, so they went over to Whole Foods and bought it for me.	
	Fantastic	Excellent in all respects with the exception of the extra charge for the internet and the exorbitant charge of $16 for a bowel of cornflakes at breakfast though this did include the milk and a fruit garnish. In spite of my grumpy old man gripes the staff were great, the room comfortable and well appointed, and the breakfast great (a civilised full service meal rather than the usual buffet). The pool and gym are excellent. I am looking forward to my next stay.	
Nov 14 2009 	lobby	the lobby and the room was spectacular....with exceptional service from the multi lingual staff.	
Oct 17 2009 	Elegant and worth every penny	Elegant and plush hotel. Tall building and I believe the lounge is on the 35th floor. Sterile entry and security approaches immediately. You can't get to the elevator unless you have a key. Nice restaurant..very unaffordable. In other words, nice but overpriced. Great views.Room was clean, decent size, floor to ceiling windows, comfortable bed and clean shower. Flat screen TV - had WebTV which I used for the first time. Helpful staff. Hotel is near Columbus Circle and attached to Time Warner Building. Many nice restaurants in the area and 24 hour Starbucks directly across the street. Hotel is a very short distance from Central Park which is great for joggers. Shopping mall is located inside Time Warner Building. Hotel is modern, plush with great views and great dining options. Staff will bend over backward to get whatever you need. Great location too &amp; very near subway station.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful View	We stayed at the mandarin oriental in New York for 3 nights in October of 2009. It was for both business and pleasure as I had a meeting but my partner just enjoyed the city. The hotel is beautiful with spectacular views. Rooms were spacious for New York and service was good but not overly intrusive. The lobby bar always had a mix of beautiful and/or rich clientele. The location was good for business and convenient for the park and midtown. It is not as convenient if you tend to like SoHo/Village attractions but still very accessible via subway. My lack of 5 stars is based on cost and value. It is a great hotel but you pay for it. If money is not tight, then it is a wonderful choice.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great location. Picturebook NYC views.	This was our first time in NYC and we wanted a great hotel. I think we got it. I wasn't 100% happy because I've stayed at a Mandarin Oriental before (in Hong Kong), and the service and quality of room just weren't as great as the HK experience. Whilst I can accept that the different locations can explain the different amenities, an international brand like the Mandarin Oriental should really have the same level of excellent service globally.Gripe out of the way, the experience was amazing. I don't think you could ask for a better view of New York City than from the Mandarin Oriental - it was just like in the magazines and in the movies. We were on the 49th floor and had a great view of Central Park and the skyscrapers in the south easterly direction. The room was very comfortable (if a bit small, but I hear that's the norm). The bathroom felt like it could have been spruced up a bit. The concierge service was a bit hit and miss. But they tried very hard and were genuinely friendly people. Reception/front desk, however, were not very friendly and pretty snooty.The location was also great for everything - shopping (Niketown, Bloomingdales, etc. all a short walk away), theatres (about 15 minutes in a taxi) and most of all restaurants. Jean Georges is just across the road in the Trump Tower and Per Se is in the same building. The hotel is located above a shopping mall, which had some places that I was looking for (e.g., J Crew).Breakfast in the restaurant was pretty excellent, with amazing views, of course. Some city types seem to have breakfast meetings there, which adds to the atmosphere.All in all, a good place to have stayed. Yes, it was expensive, but I don't think there's any other way in NYC.	
Sep 12 2009 	My favorite in NYC	I love MO NYC. I like the location. I lile the look. I like the feel. I love the spa. The Gentlemen's wet rooms are very seductive. Asiate's views and cuisine provide the best lunch spot in NYC. The service in all areas of the hotel is the best in US. Many of the staff are alum of my previous favorite, Four Seasons. The concierge desk works miracles. They've secured last minute tables at Per Se and Masa for us. If we want to take our nieces downtown they the latest hot spots for the fabulous people. They have even helped us get on a coveted &quot;list&quot; or two. The front desk apprears to always remeber us. We use the Centurion card and always get an upgrade, often a double upgrade. Suites 5100 and 5300 are the best unless you're in the Presidential.	
Sep 9 2009 	one of the best if not the best in Manhattan	This is probably the freshest/ cleanest feeling luxury hotel in Manhattan. Since NYC can be so gritty we really appreciate that about the Mandarin. The service is definitely not as warm as others we have stayed at but certainly efficient. We did have a problem every day reaching the concierge from the outside, though. The rooms are very nicely appointed with some great park views for a price. We paid with Amex Plat and the hotel was not full but we were not offered an upgrade. The rooms are not huge as you are in NYC. We loved having the access to the basics of the Time Warner Center - reasonable food, bank, etc. The location is not NYC's poshest (Columbus Circle/ Lincoln Center can feel very commercial), but gives you access in all directions.	
Aug 18 2009 	Wow awesome from check-in to check-out	Was in NYC for 1/2 marathon and stayed at Mandarin Oriental. I was definitely impressed. Booked using a Platinum AMEX which entitles you to a late check-out and room upgrade when available. Had a park view room, although the Trump building blocks some of the view it was still great.ROOMSuper comfortable bed, what it should be for 600 USD night room. Bath tub with great amenities. Nice rain shower head. Delivered complimentary ice tea to room upon check-in. Didn't use internet, but available for like 15 USD a night. Small pet peeve is these high end hotels nickle and diming on internet access.Flat screen TV with HD feed. Great audio system.Room service for breakfast delivered exactly on time as ordered!Nice desk with ample outlets for computer, phone, etc..Two bottles of Fiji Water put in room in the evening when they turn down the beds.LOCATIONAt Columbus Circle in Time Warner building. Had breakfast one morning at Bouchon Bakery on 3rd Floor. Just great! There is also a Whole Foods on ground floor with a lot of healthy options.If $$$ is not a concern go, otherwise consider it a splurge for a special occasion.	
Aug 15 2009 	Seamless luxury with a smile	I cannot say enough about the Mandarin. The rooms were very spacious with high ceilings, a huge bathroom, floor to ceiling windows and amazing views. The king bed was massive and like sleeping on a cloud. I couldn't find fault with a single thing in the room. If I were being REALLY picky I would say that the only thing I didn't like was that you couldn't get the same channels on the television in the bathroom that you could on the TV in the bedroom. That's it. Really.After a mad day of meetings and running around New York in heels and humidity, I was so ready to shower and relax. The bathroom did not disappoint. Great bath amenities, huge rain shower head, big soft towels and a luxurious robe. Most welcome to my tired feet were the soft slippers. Ahhh. Just as I was debating whether to spoil my upcoming dinner at Asiate by eating something out of the mini-bar (I was ravenous) I hear my door bell ring and someone say &quot;In room dining, good afternoon?&quot; I don't know how, but they read my mind. The Mandarin had sent up a complimentary bento box with truffles, biscotti, mini-cookies and various other treats-- just enough to tide me over until dinner. Dinner at Asiate was out of this world. I told the waiter that I was vegetarian, and they were incredibly accommodating. They made sure to ask if I ate fish, poultry, dairy, eggs-- they made it a perfect dining experience. The food was out of this world. The risotto was spectacular, the drinks were delightfully strong and the desserts were nothing short of sinful. Couple that with spectacular views of Central Park (and the city lights, when it got dark) and you have a dinner that I won't soon forget.One of the things at the Mandarin that really impressed me was the service. Being a five star hotel, of course I expected a certain level of service. However, what impressed me was not the level of service, but the warmth of it. The gentleman who checked us in (Thomas? the name escapes me) was so very personable and warm. You really got the feeling that he enjoyed his job and was truly pleased to be welcoming you to his hotel. Any employee I came across had a genuine smile for me and a greeting. I stayed at a number of different hotels during my week in New York, and the service at the Mandarin was hands-down the most personable, which surprised me.	
Aug 1 2009 	Fantastic Hotel Business District	I have stayed a number of times at the Mandarin in New York for business (last visit Nov 2008).Located in the 35th floor and up of a tower in Columbus Circle, the hotel is right by Central Park and offers amazing views on the park and the Hudson river, as well as the city (even the lowest rooms start on the 37th floor).Rooms are spacious and well designed, with an Asian touch. Some are a little dated, but very well maintained.The hotel has all amenities of a truly 5 star hotel with the service that goes with it. Both restaurants are very good, you can have a light bite at the bar area or a proper dining experience at their michelin star restaurant, both displaying incredible views over the city.The spa is great, large choice of treatments, and has a jaccuzzi/sauna/steam room. The pool is a good 20m long if not more and the gym is excellent filled with modern equipment.Finally, the business center is open all night and has everything you need which is helpful and saved me a few times.This is one of the best hotels I've stayed in. Price is aligned with the hotel category, but definitely not a rip-off, they earn every cent they charge you for.The only negative is the area if you're coming on a leisure trip. I've also stayed downtown which is a more pleasant neighbourhood. It's not bad per se (you have the park, museums, shopping etc) but most people around the hotel are there to work, and I felt that the scene doesn't give you the feeling of what living in New York is like. I'm posting a review on the Soho Grand Hotel soon, which is a good place if you're looking for a holiday.Otherwise for business, I wouldn't go anywhere else.	
Jul 25 2009 	Mandarin measures up	Just couldn't bring myself to give this hotel a 5 star rating. We never got 2 robes in our suite, regardless of the request. On 2 mornings, the steak and eggs resulted in the meat being well beyond the ordered temperature. The contemporary decor suite with floor to ceiling windows meant the suite had stunning views, but it was only moderate in size. The extra half bath, although poorly lit, is always a welcome amenity. Loved the 'Fresh' bath products and the rain shower.A great urban spa. The men's facilities were first rate.The decor is a bit cold, but that's what you get with this sophisticated minimalist approach. I'm not a fan of Dale Chihuly glass sculpture, so those touches in the public spaces detract from the 'look' in my book.I would stay again.	
Jul 21 2009 	One of the Best Hotels Great Views Amazing Spa Superb Location and Dining	Great hotels in NY are not cheap. The Mandarin is a great location... On Central Park, Near Midtown, but not as crazy as Times Square. I did a mixed business and leisure trip here for 3 days. Hotel service was superb. Asiate restaurant is tops in the entire City according to Zagat for best views and decor... and it is. Here are some more highlights:* Rooms: Grade: A... Nice, newer, great bathrooms. Had a Hudson River view, Central Park is nicer, but Hudson View from corner rooms was great for us. Surprisingly, our upgraded corner room did not have two sinks in bathroom. If important to you, be sure to ask. Shower was great. I've had NYC rooms that were the size of a coat closet, the king room here was very comfortable. * Mini-Bar: A. In NY, if you want a Diet Coke or a quick snack, I do not know how people survive without a nice mini-bar. They had a great mini-bar with water and drinks. Expensive, yes, BUT THIS IS NY! Many hotels are removing mini-bars, but they are a salvation if you want a Diet Coke or Snack at an odd time.* Spa: A++... Definitely one of the best urban spas anywhere. Great hot tub/pool, steam room, etc. Not cheap, but worth every penny for a massage or other service.* Lobby: A... On the 35th floor, nice lounge area, clean and open space. Good lobby bar with great views. * Concierge: A... arranged all kinds of stuff for us. Friendly and efficient.* Room Service: A-... Generally great. Food and service were excellent. * Asiate: A... Great food, the best view around. Brunch was VERY reasonable. Good wines too. * Lobby Bar food: B+... A friend of mine ate lunch at the lobby bar. He said most of it was good, but some items got cold. Lobby bar is next to Asiate, but they probably do not share a kitchen. His sense was this food came from a kitchen much further and not Asiate. His review of the lukewarm food was the only real criticism we could find at this hotel. * Location: A+... one of the best. * Service: A... great overall. Not over the top, there when you need them. Front desk was busy sometimes, but overall they seem to have a good full staff everywhere. Doorman and concierge helped solve lots of issues. * Other: A+... Hotels are expensive. If you are busy, you need lots of little things taken car of... they had a hotel shuttle take us to a play when we were rushed and booked a great ride to the airport in an Audi A8. Can't say enough about the small stuff. This hotel had a LOT of international guests from Europe and Asia. There were a few groups of loud young twentysomethings on some sort of group party who made a bit of noise, but otherwise this is a great, quiet, professional-focused hotel. Great business hotel and a great leisure hotel if you want to be near Central Park and/or have a great spa. We will return to this hotel again soon. The Mandarin can go head-to-head with the Ritz or Four Seasons and it a bit more modern than the Ritz.	
Jul 18 2009 	Mandarin Oriental - Excellent 5-Star Treatment	My spouse and I have always afforded at least 1, truly, luxury vacation per year (Maui, HI; Singapore, Jamaica, Mexico, Bahamas, Florida, Vegas, Tahoe. The experience offered by the Mandarin Oriental has topped all the vacations that we have ever taken. The staff was genuinely friendly and exceptional to service. The views from our room and lobby of the Hudson River and Central Park were spectacular. The hotel is located within an easy and entertaining walking distance to everything Manhattan. The subway entrance is just off the corner in Columbus Circle. The entry to the hotel was also very pleasing as it away from the hustle and bustle of Columbus Circle and the many hotels on Broadway, Park and 5th Avenue venues. From the door-staff to direct you to the elevators for the 35th floor lobby, to the reception/check-in, room service, privacy service; everything about this hotel was geared to great and sincere personal service. Prior to booking, I read a few reviews complaining of the noisy Hudson River side of the hotel. We requested the Hudson River side for the views and found no disturbing noise whatsoever, and our room was directly across from the ice-machine and service elevator room. We were on the 51st floor and could hear a faint siren squawk every now and then, but then we were in the largest city in the U.S; I hear more sirens living in Dallas, TX. And, let me mention that we slept like babies; the bed and linens are luxurious, the hairdryer was a real one and not attached to the wall, the spa soaps and lotions divine - I'm very picky/sensitive skin and usually don't bother with these complimentary items, but put some on my tired feet and immediately notice the high quality of the products. Also, superior compliments to room service; we found ourselves in our room each late afternoon to rest and rejuvenate before going back out again in the evening; every afternoon a plate or basket of delicious snacks were waiting our arrival (nuts, garnished popcorn, candied fruits, fresh fruits, chocolates, etc.) - a nice touch to go with our cocktail, which I ordered through room service every late afternoon and here is the point - it arrived quickly, not 30 minutes after ordering, but within minutes. Same with our breakfast room service that we did not pre-order the night before. Room Service within minutes with fine linens, cutlery and china. The coffee, Illy, is one of my favorites. The room-service phone staff was courteous and could actually talk and listen; never seeming impatient or hurried. Exceptional Hotel and one worth spending the money on.	
Jun 30 2009 	What a fabulous Spa	Had a spa day at and it was incredible!! The service, the treatment, the spa facilities....could imagine a better way to spend Sunday!!!!	
Jun 8 2009 	Very zen but not functional	It is all very well to put lotus flowers on your plates but if the room (overpriced!) is not functional, I'd rather not have them. There is not nearly enough cupboard and drawer space, the sofa has no backrest so you cannot sit on it and read and there is only one chair. Most disappointing though is the lobby - nowhere to sit and rest except if you are prepared to have a snack or drink. Impossible to pour the tea without spilling some of it. On the positive side, we found the staff very friendly and helpful (especially the concierge) and the room on the Central Park side was very quiet. A good mark also for the bathroom with its enclosed shower. Contrary to other Mandarin Oriental Hotels (e.g. Geneva) I would not give this one a top rating and would rather go to a more functional yet cozy place.	
Jun 1 2009 	Mandarin in the Midst	The Mandarin NYC is in the midst of it all in midtown Manhattan. It's also &quot;in the mist.&quot; Let me explain: while on business in NY, I spent several days at the Mandarin--including Saturday and Sunday rehearsals for an early Monday morning pitch. With some downtime, I was able to explore all the great restaurants in the Time Warner Center (Thomas Keller's place) and nearby restaurants (Jean George). But what was really a treat about the Mandarin--here comes the &quot;mist&quot; part--is the spa. I was able to spend 80 luxurious minutes in the MO spa--including some quality time in the mist in the amethyst steam room. I was then massaged until completely relaxed and ready for the pitch on Monday. So, at the Mandarin, you can be both in the midst and in the mist...doesn't get any better than that.	
May 24 2009 	Simply the Best !	We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for 2 nights from May 8th 09, this is simply the best hotel experience you can imagine, words alone cannot explain our sheet delight with the standards of this hotel, the attentive and superbly professional staff and the amazing location just across from Central Park on the Columbus Circle. Book this hotel and you will not be disappointed, we will be back before long!	
May 2 2009 	Shangri-La	From the moment I stepped out of the cab on Friday afternoon the Mandarin staff made me feel like I was in Shangri-La!! The Suite was magnificent and the view beyond compare. All my special requirements were in place and continued to be so for my entire visit. Everyone at the Mandarin made me feel like one of the family. The Doormen, Concierge Staff, Housekeeping, Front Desk, Lounge and Bar staff....all made me feel like a Queen!!! It doesn't get any better than that! Dealing with the Media can be a stressful one but all my meetings at the Mandarin went off without a hitch and were extremely successful! For some Network executives it was the first time they had been at the hotel and were very impressed, relaxed and happy!! That's what the Mandarin does for people....it's like an Oasis in the desert!! It puts a smile on people's faces and you can see instant relaxation overcome them.I can't wait to return! No one does it better than the Mandarin!!	
Apr 9 2009 	One great hotel	This was my third trip back to the Mandarin Oriental New York. Stunning views of Central Park , great location and an excellent staff will keep me coming back!	
Apr 8 2009 	Stunning views great location wonderful service	We stayed here to celebrate our wedding anniversary, leaving the children at home. The hotel put us on the top floor in a premium park view suite, at a very reasonable rate. The day we arrived they gave us complimentary champagne and chocolate-dipped strawberries (a personal favourite) which was a lovely touch. The suite was lovely with a far better than average bathroom for a NY hotel (where baths are usually like large sinks)The hotel staff were of the highest quality in every department, with service levels I haven't experienced in any other NY hotel. The spa was great, though expensive. The location on Columbus Circle cannot be bettered in my opinion.The food was disappointing in comparison to other Mandarin Oriental hotels. Room service was OK but not great. The lobby lounge was again OK, not great. Choice of lunch and dinner dishes in both were limited (though breakfast was excellent as always in NY)I didnt find Asiate innovative, or inspiring, but really rather boring (we had the tasting menu). If you've been to the Fat Duck or similar in Europe this restaurant will be a disappointment. It has the NY tendency (just like its neighbour Per Se) to be over elaborate in the preparation of food without really achieving anything remarkable. And at present they are all obsessed with the provenance of the ingredients - I don't really care where the mushroom comes from or how it is grown if it tastes bland....The next day I couldnt remember what I'd eaten at all. On the bright side, the room was spectacular (the &quot;wall of wine&quot; is particularly impressive).I will stay here again - for the rooms, service and location. But will probably eat outside the hotel.	
Apr 3 2009 	Exceptional Service	Visited the MO bar for a quiet drink and dinner. Fernando was our waiter and performed exceptional customer service. My colleague requested an item that was not on the menu and Fernando immediately offered to check with the Chef and indicated it would not be a problem. The timing, quality and professionalism of the staff in the bar were memorable. I am also in the Hospitality Industry and like to acknowledge great service.Thank you Fernando.	
Mar 9 2009 	The best hotel in NYC	I love the Mandarin NYC. If I could afford to live here, I would. The service, the rooms, the spa, the workout facilities: the whole place is phenomenal. My room service meal was one of the better meals I have had in my life. The staff is amazing, kind, and helpful. The only downside is the price, but you get what you pay for.	
Feb 6 2009 	Great - Espensive -worth it in these times?	Great hotel - very expensive - is it worth it in these times!? Paid almost $3,000 per night for 1 suite &amp; 1 connected room - great accomodations. Everything about the hotel is great - wonderful view (GWB from 1 room, Central Park sideways from another), everything was perfect. All employees are extremely accomodating, couldn'nt ask for more. Also great location - Columbus Circle at the lower west end of Central Park - can't beat that! Went there for my stepdaughters birthday - she loved the pool (didn't like the fact that spas/whilpools are unisex!),had a birthday cake there when we checked in. All in all a great time, but ?$$$ (but we are in NYC) . If you really want to celebrate, why not!? Do it!!!!	
Feb 3 2009 	Flawless!	We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for my birthday weekend at the end of January and it was beyond perfect, it was magical! Luxury hotels tend to feel stuffy and old, whereas the Mandarin Oriental was modern, and warm. The Asian influence is everywhere, but always tasteful and never overdone. What I liked most about the hotel and the suite was how comfortable I felt everywhere. From check-in to check-out, I was always made to feel like a king.The 35th Floor Lobby is exquisite. The Front Desk staff was friendly, accommodating, and genuine. There was nothing scripted or fake about anyone I came in contact with (something I find to be obnoxious at other hotels). The one bedroom, one and half bathroom suite was stunning. The bedroom was exceptionally large and the 2 closets were impressively spacious. Next to the large picture window was a beautiful chaise. The bed was very comfortable and when we asked for non-down bedding, it was brought in an instant. The main bathroom was humongous! It was as long as the room. I loved how it flanked the bed (there was a door on each side of the bed). The rain showerhead and “Fresh” products were lovely as was the soaking tub, his and her sinks, and swiveling TV.I’ve lived in New York City all my life, but standing at the floor-to-ceiling windows, on the 53rd floor, with unbelievable views of the Hudson River, Central Park, and Columbus Circle renewed my love for this city – I could only imagine how awed out-of-towners must be.Dinner at Asiate was an event. We sat at one of the window seats overlooking the park and had a beautiful view as we ate our impressive dinner. This restaurant deserves much more attention than it receives. The service was impeccable and the food was out of this world (I’m still dreaming about the lobster and risotto dishes). The Lobby Lounge was equally as impressive, but obviously with a more casual feel. I’ll always be apprehensive about paying more than $15 for a cocktail, but that apprehension disappeared after the first sip of my beautifully crafted “Baby Buddha”.Overall, I think Mandarin Oriental is the best hotel in New York. It’s different. In a very, very good way.	
Jan 22 2009	Pure Luxury!	Don't usually stay in hotels like this, but so glad I did this time! Fab central location, great views, everything in our room was top quality and nothing was too much trouble for any of the charming staff. Spa facilities top notch, although treatments are a bit pricey. Swimming pool and sauna great and lovely products for use in changing rooms.Looking forward to my next visit already!	
Jan 8 2009 	Perfect Honeymoon Hotel	We stayed at the Mandarin from 15 – 20 September for our honeymoon and it was absolutely amazing. We booked on the Internet Rate and paid $815 dollars/night plus taxes. On arrival the receptionist upgraded us from a Grand Deluxe Double room on the 40th floor (their website says these rooms are on floors 43-54 so not sure if she was downgrading us!) to a Premier Hudson River View room on the 53rd floor. Our room was amazing, exactly as the pictures depict on their website, spotlessly clean, well appointed and with fantastic views of the city and the River Hudson. The bed was super comfy. Excellent sound system, didn’t really use the TV so can’t comment on choice of channels. We’d only been in our room 30 minutes when complimentary champagne and chocolate cake arrived, both were delicious. Housekeeping and turndown service was excellent. We ordered room service a couple of times and it was exceptional. Breakfast in our room was more than adequate but didn’t think it was up to the usual Mandarin standard. We didn’t have much need to use the concierge but when we did they were very helpful and efficient. The bellmen/doormen were all very friendly. We didn’t have time to eat in Asiate but wish we had. We had cocktails and mini burgers (not together!) in the Lobby Lounge, the burgers were great. Hotel location was excellent for us, in a quietish area on the edge of central park but only about a 10 minute walk to Times Square. It’s very much a business hotel so some people may feel it’s a bit ‘clinical’, but all the staff were great and we loved it.	
Nov 22 2008 	Tried very hard to like this place	On previous trips while staying at another 5 star property in town, I kept finding myself at The Time Warner center for dinner, drinks, walks in the park etc. Therefore , I thought, why not try it out?While there were no disasters, and nothing particularly bad about the hotel, it came across as dissapointigly average. The park views were terrific. The service was friendly. But the overall experience feels more like a convention Hyatt. There's nothing wrong with that, but its very dissapointing if you are expecting a five star experience. That fifth star is all in the details, and thats what the hotel lacks. From the service, to the finishes in the rooms. Most of the problems come from the building itself. Even though the hotel is only a couple hundred rooms, you definitely feel like you're in a massive structure. And everything, from the spa to the business center feels like its miles away, down random corridors. For example, the entrance to the gym is located just outside a ballroom area: so at best, you have to walk through a dark empty banquet area with a piano covered in the corner, but I couldn't help thinking of the alternative if the room were in use, which would be making your way through a black tie affair in your sweaty workout clothes. One afternoon I returned to my room to find the maid cleaning the room, but noticed she had the TV turned on and was watching a soap opera. Little things like this give the impression there is very little oversight of the smaller details by management. The area rug in the lobby has an ugly rubber band around it like an airport would have, and the tile and fixtures in the bathrooms, while attractive, look cheap and institutional. The rooms have an office-chic feel to them, like a first class airport lounge. Nothing wrong with that, but certainly not the height of luxury one might expect.	
Nov 19 2008 	The best in NYC	Second stay at the Mandarin Oriental. First stay was in a Central Park view suite. This time in a Central Park deluxe room. everything remains excellent with excellent amenities.Actually, this is certainly the best hotel in New York from the bellmen staff to the spa, the restaurants, the concierge and even the whole security. Yes, it has a cost and location is not the best, but it worth the value.	
Nov 15 2008 	Service with a snarl	Date: November 14, 2008I have stayed at the Mandarin Oriental in New York previously and had a pleasant stay. This time, however, is typified by the attitude of the Maitre D at the cocktail lounge. We asked for seats and were told, with an arrogant and superior demeanor, that it would be a twenty to twenty-five minute wait. This despite many tables being obviously vacant. We were told we could wait at the bar, which we did. Thirty minutes later the Maitre D having never come for us, I approached him again and was told I would still have to wait. Again, many tables were open. Finally an hour later, after never having heard from the Maitre D, we left. We noted again that most of the tables in the lounge were still vacant. The attitude of the staff was that we were lucky to be there. With these prices and the economy what it is, if they continue with this attitude it is they who will be lucky to be there.	
Oct 17 2008 	Nice views but off centre	The hotel offers the usual Mandarin Oriental high standards found throughout this chain but in addition it offers wonderful views across Central Park (albeit they are not uninterupted!). Didnt manage to make breakfast. Rooms service was good although clearing trays from the room took hours. What was uncomfortable about the hotel is the distance from 5th Avenue. Yes you are closer to the theatres and you have shopping &amp; dining options downstairs (the hotel is on the higher levels of a Columbus Circle building) but its a stroll to 5th &amp; a stroll back with shopping bags. The Ritz and Plaza beat it for location though. The bar is though a great place to meet &amp; enjoy the views. What is also unusual is that the hotel 'starts' with its lobby on the 35th floor.	
Sep 30 2008 	Simply the Best in the city	This is first review that I have written for any of the hotels in the city. As I wonder why I haven't, the only answer I can come up with is that none of the other &quot;houses&quot; excited me enough to spend the time writing about it. These include the Marquis, Waldorf, Michelangelo and the Trump. All of them &quot;ok&quot; but there was always something not quite right.The Mandarin is epitome of luxury. The staff, the rooms, you name it; I have nothing but positive comments.We booked the premier park view suite and were very happy with its size and view (there was some obstruction from the Trump next door, but hey, its New York City). We also, booked the Spa VIP Suite on a rainy Sunday afternoon. Oh my God! If you have a couple of grand in your pocket and would like to spoil your partner, this is the way!Every night when we left the hotel for dinner the hotel car was available (although I realize this was just luck with the timing). We will stay here on the next trip and probably will try some of the other Mandarin properties.Ok, one negative! The bar was closed when we came back to the hotel at 12:15 after dinner. However, that was a nightcap that I really did not need anyway!	
Sep 30 2008 	So-so hotel	I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental New York for five nights. Yes, it's a pretty hotel with a nice location. The spa is good but terribly expensive. I was disappointed with the service. Every morning room service got my breakfast order wrong. And it was a new mistake every morning. Quite annoying having to wait for them to get the order right - every day! At least they got my dinners right. Several times when I called housekeeping to ask for something to be delivered or done in the room, they forget or made a mistake and brought the wrong things. On several occasions the concierge forgot to call me back or to find out things for me. They also provided me with addresses to several shops, but did not provide a map, or the side street, or the opening hours. And I had to help them find out several things which should have been easy. All in all, the hotel does not provide the type of service one would and should expect from a five-star and very expensive hotel.	
Sep 27 2008 	Not worth the price	Stayed 1 night at the mandarin oriental in a Central Park view room. Was really looking forward to this stay as it was the most expensive hotel room we've ever stayed in ($1279 per night), so expectations were high. Prior to staying at the MO we had already stayed 6 nights in NYC in a mid priced hotel around the corner so this was our treat. To be honest I was a bit dissapointed. Yes the room was overlooking central park but a good proportion of the view was obliterated by the Trump tower which has been built right in front of the Times Warner centre (where the MO is housed on the top floors). We had also already seen the view of Central Park from the Top of the Rock so had already 'spoiled' it for ourselves - probably should have booked the room for our first and not last night in NYC. Room was nicely furnished but did not surpass any other 5 star property where you pay much less for a room. TV was infuriatingly difficult to operate if you wanted to browse the 100 or so channels. Breakfast at Asiate was divine - great service &amp; food and highly recommended. Check in service helpful, efficient &amp; friendly and as professional as you would expect for a hotel of this calibre. Hotel was more suited to business people not so much tourists and didn't have much of a holiday atmosphere. Did not use the spa or pool/fitness centre. Great shops &amp; dining options in the Time Warner building.	
Sep 26 2008 	Simply Lovely	Stayed here for New Years and had an amazingly romantic stay. Booked a room with a tub with view of city. I am not into taking baths but with that view and room service of some champagne and chocolate covered strawberries was worth it. The pool room is nothing exciting but the spa is def worth visiting. I had the massage which was ok but the best part of the spa experience was steam room and lounge which has amazing views of the park and city. The bed was soooo comfortable. Of course the rooms are on the smaller side but thats what you get for nyc. But even though the room was small it had everything you would need from a top hotel. If you are visiting nyc the location is great especially during the holidays. The hotel restaurants and bar are worth going to as well.	
Sep 6 2008 	Disappointed	I chose this hotel based on recommendations from this site. Either I'm just hard to please or I had really bad luck with this experience. I booked a wkd trip with my mom in a suite - we were in town to see an oncologist for my mom. Having frequented many other hotels globally, luxury and otherwise, I was very disappointed. The door staff, who represent first and last impressions was terrible and didn't even come close to a mid-level hotel, let alone other 5-star hotels like a Four Seasons or a Ritz. On multiple occasions, they ignored us because they were too busy socializing with each other, doing blackberry(unbelievable!), or favoring other guests. We took many cabs and only once did we get assistance after we asked the doorman (this is after we tried hailing our own cab without any success right in front of him) - the doorman who was too busy doing his blackberry/phone and made us feel like we were rude for interrupting him. Doorman only held open door sometimes, seemed like only if he felt like it - it didn't matter if we had our luggage or not, it was very inconsistent. After being promised checkin to our room 30 min after we arrived, we took a 2 hr lunch and were surprised when they said that our room still was not ready when we returned - yes we were a few hours early but don't tell us it will be ready earlier if it won't be! This was not the welcome we needed especially due to my mom's fatigue. At least they treated us to a drink in the bar - but still all my mom wanted to do was rest. I was left on hold one night after asking concierge for some info - he forgot about me and I had to call back to get assistance from someone else. Upon leaving, we asked for an address and phone number to a Fifth Avenue store - the concierge gave us the wrong information (the address didn't exist and the number was for the corporate office, not the retail store). We ended up getting lost and I had to call my husband who was back home for navigation assistance - we ended up having to walk quite a distance to find the store (again, not good when my mother is ill) and had to rush our purchases before making it to the airport on time. If the conceirge could not find the info, he could have at least told us that rather than give us some bogus address on Fifth Avenue that did not even exist. The hotel did try to compensate for some of the bad service by not charging us for any balance of our breakfasts that our package did not include. But even that wasn't communicated very well and different messages were communicated by different people. I liked that the spa amenities were included in the suite rate - the steam room was good. But I've been to nicer spas. Location is good. The room was nice and I loved the bedside reading books and supply of Fiji water. The view from Asiate was beautiful. I was surprised that a newspaper was not included and the spa certificate was pretty much useless. I travel alot for business and have been to other hotels in NYC and I would not return to this hotel. This was my first Mandarin Oriental hotel stay - I had always preferred Peninsula for a luxury hotel with Asian flare. I didn't choose to stay there this time because their spa/gym was being renovated. Overall, I was extremely disappointed in this stay on many fronts. I could have stayed at the Sheraton and would have gotten better service!	
Sep 1 2008 	Mandarin New York  A Great Experience	Just few words to say and rate our great experience at the Mandarin Oriental New York. Have been there for a couple of nights at the end of July 2008. Booked a simply superior room with a main Hudson view. The room was not huge but very nice with a lot of useful tech advantages and features. The bed was very comfortable despite of some really soft pillows. Bathroom perfect in size and very nice. Service absolutely fantastic, very nice view also if it not was not a Central Park room view. Enjoy a wonderful breakast ( also if is the service it was a little bit too slow ) at the Asiate Resturant. Unfortunately did not use the Spa or other services. So , one if the not the best hotel in New York right now , also if it was expensive. I really like new and High Tech hotel and this Mandarin it was in my opinion a true perfect layout . Additional to this , check in and check out were perfect and very quick , as well room service . Bravo Mandarin !	
Aug 19 2008 	Engagement	Last weekend, I proposed to my girlfriend and we stayed two nights at the Mandarin Oriental. This is by far the best hotel we have stayed in New York. We received a complimentary upgrade and all the staff were absolutely perfect. I was considering other hotels where I have previously stayed including the Four Seasons, Waldorf Astoria, the Meridien, the Hudson or Alex and am absolutely delighted to have decided on the Mandarin Oriental. It is expensive but they do have special weekend offers and for such an occasion really lived up to expectations. I could not fault the hotel or staff in any way as it made this day very special. I think we will be coming back here for our important anniversaries. Absolutely worth spending a bit more to stay in a very special place with magnificient views and bedrooms, complete peace of mind in a relaxing setting and get what is probably the best service in New York.	
Aug 11 2008 	Fantastic hotel!	Mandarin Oriental NYC is a fantastic hotel. We stayed in an executive suite facing the Hudson river (view from the living room) but we still had a view of Central Park from the Bedroom/Bathroom.The suite has a tremendous woaw factor, this is the best city suite we ever tried, even if not the biggest. However please note that service is not at the same level as it is at Oriental Bangkok (flagship of MO group). Small details have to be improved (butter was missing at breakfast once, trash can was not emptied every time at night service). Fortunately these small issues did not tarnish our experience.We used the Concierge services many times:- magical private helicopter ride booked through him with Helicopter Flight Services, Inc.,- reservation of one of the best table at Del Frisco's Steakhouse on 6th avenue,- transfer with limousine from/to the airport (205 USD from JFK and 180 USD to JFK =&gt; nice and helpful chauffeurs knowing the city to avoid traffic),- etc.We also tried the swimming pool &amp; the Spa (on 36th floor). Therapists were smiling, very professional. Use of the VIP Spa suite is delightful. It allows you to enjoy time in your private steam and bath, finishing with a light dinner. You feel completely taken away from the city bustle. Regarding the location everything has already been said. You have direct access to the shops at Columbus Circle (with Whole Foods Market at the basement where you can have lunch/dinner at a fair price until 11pm). Many subway lines stop at Columbus. AMC Loews Cinema with IMAX is 15 minutes away (by walking), just like boutiques on 5th avenue and Times Square.	
Aug 3 2008 	#45??	OK, so how is this hotel the 45th best hotel in NYC? You can argue over what is #1 and the Mandarin Oriental will always be in that conversation.The staff is impecable and attentive. I had lost some luggage on the flight from LAX and the concierge made sure American had it and got it to me promptly, I didn't need to do a thing.My room had an amazing view of Central Park and the meal at Asiate is as good as I have had in NY. YES, the property is pricey, but what in Manhattan isn't?For a business trip, especially on business with Time Warner, this place is hard to beat.	
Jul 28 2008 	Wonderful Anniversary Stay	Just stayed at the Manadarin this past weekend. We celebrated our 25th Wedding Anniversary and the staff at the hotel created an exceptional expericance. From the moment we were greeted by the doorman to the moment he said goodbye on our last day, we were catered to as royalty. The staff was pleasent. caring and very accomadating. the location is the best in Manhattan, the hotel was beautifull. Very well organized , situated and very classy. The rooms were fabulous, we stayed in the Hudson River View room,, everything from bathroom, bedding to view was perfect, just like images on theweb site. The Lobby Bar was a great relaxing spot after our dinner &amp; theatre evening.All staff were excellent and the class &amp; service was the tops.	
Jul 27 2008 	Truly the best hotel in NYC.	I've stayed at many luxury hotels both in NYC and around the world including the luxury masterpiece &quot;Burj Al Arab&quot; in Dubai.The Mandarin Oriental is superb. Above and beyond style and accessibility, the most important factor in considering the rating of a property is SERVICE.The service at the Mandarin is Superb. One of the best only rivaled by my time spent at the Four Seasons.If you're going to NYC, do NYC right, and stay at the Mandarin, where your every whim is addressed and you can focus on only your task at hand whether it be pure pleasure or business.	
Jul 25 2008 	'unobstructed' CP views?????	Had a great stay at the Mandarin Oriental... but might prefer the Trump Towers next time.... Why? Because I like an unobstructed view and Trump Towers obstructed the CP view big time... so I prefer to be on the first row next time. Sure the Mandarin Oriental is a 5-star... but somewhat overpriced.	
Jul 24 2008 	Best Hotel in New York so far	My husband and I have been trying out various hotels in Manhattan in order to find the perfect one for us. So far this is the best. It has the views of the Four Seasons and the service of the Saint Regis all rolled into one. We booked a Central Park suite and were not disappointed. The bedroom can be completely shut off from the living room so that it's very dark and quiet. I slept better there than in my own home. The bathroom is quite large with double vanity sinks, private toilet room and large soaking tub. It also has a nice shower. There is also a powder room in the entrance foyer for guests. It happened to be nearly 100 degrees every day that we were there so it was nice to have the indoor shopping center on the first three floors of the Time Warner building without having to go outside. We also ate dinner at Asiate and it was fantastic. Room service was impeccable and we didn't have to send the waiter back for any forgotten items - a first. There are plasmas in the living room and bedroom as well. The staff is extremely friendly.	
Jul 23 2008 	FANtastic stay	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nts for my birthday. It was worth every penny! From the moment we arrived, until the moment we left, everything was wonderful!The hotel not only upgraded us to a Hudson River View Room, but they had a cake &amp; a bottle of champagne waiting for us for my bday. Since we don't drink, we thanked the bellboy &amp; sent the champagne back. He came back 10 minutes later with a tray full of fruit and extra bottled water! The service was excellent! Everyone who worked in the hotel was gracious and hospitable, and always had a smile on their faces. The decor was beautiful and the views from the hotel, stunning. The room itself was well laid out and had great views. I loved their rainshower head! I had a facial &amp; a massage at the spa. Although it was very expensive (more than most places I've been), the services were excellent. I don't think I've had such a great massage in a very long time! We had dessert &amp; coffee in their lobby bar one night. Not only were the desserts great, but the view (esp. at night) was great!The location is good. You could walk pretty much anywhere midtown. Anywhere else, you would need a cab. Also, since they had shops &amp; restaurants right below the hotel (Shops at Columbus Circle), it was very convenient to grab coffee or snacks, or even a meal.All in all, this was a great hotel and I would definetely go back in a heartbeat.	
Jul 14 2008 	21st Birthday blowout!	I went here in October im sure the service hasnt changed, but i have to say this hotel is stunning. We booked through Quintessentially/Carrier who made our stay perfect. Our room was styled to perfection. I love modern hotels, and with our limestone bathroom with rainfall shower and huge bed it was uber luxurious for my long weekend.The room was well equipped with a tantalising mini bar stacked with goodies like jelly beans, and the room service breakfast was quick though a little expensive was delicious. (I had the pancakes)Also on my birthday they brought up a tray of goodies like chocolate dipped strawberries and other goodies, it was the small details that made my trip memorable.We used their concierge, and they recommended some great places for food, all the staff from the door men to the reception were charming and helpful. We also dined in Asiate, all i can say is WOW! we feasted on asian style lobster and chocolate fondant (i still dream about that dessert) Pricey yes, but it was fusion at its best and the views are not to be missed, and again they gave me a little birthday cake creation.All in all, a true 5 star hotel. For a weekend of luxury, i would stay at the MO again.	
Jun 25 2008 	Excellent experience Overall.	I stayed at this hotel to try this hotel out. The indoor pool is a great size. The gym is a little on the small side, but well equipt. The service since I arrived has been amazing. The hotel is spotless and clean. The staff is excellent. The spa treatments I received were good, but not great. Hotel spas are always super expensive, but thought I would try a facial and a massage. The massage is great and the facial was a 7 on a scale of 1 to 10. The best waiting area and spa water ever. The room was very small with too many chairs. I had to take the extra chairs out of my room. The bathroom was very nice and the shower was excellent. The room overall, besides the over crowding of the furniture, excellent and clean. The bed was comfortable, and the sheets were very soft. If you are lucky, you will see a couple of famous faces in the lobby. The food was good. I would stay again.	
Jun 21 2008 	Magical Mandarin	The Mandarin Oriental in NYC is an absolutely gorgeous, 5 star hotel! My husband and I stayed there for a night after my grad school graduation and were completely blown away by the immaculate facilities, incredible location, and over-the-top friendly and attentive customer service. Each and every staff member you meet at the Mandarin Oriental have a genuine smile on their faces. The location of this hotel can NOT be beat for a visit to the city. I lived in New York City for three years, worked there for 5, and still hang out in the city several times a month. Columbus Circle, the Mandarin's location, is where you want to be if you are a tourist or a native New Yorker looking for an amazing stay. You are right at the hub of all the major subway lines, a short walk downtown to Times Square, 5th Ave Shopping, Museum of Modern Art, and a short walk uptown to Lincoln Center, Tavern on the Green, and the delicious restaurants of the Upper West Side. There is a bit less of the hustle and bustle of other midtown hotels located in the 30s and 40s (streets). Our room had the most spectacular view of central park and the upper west side - all rooms have views as the hotel lobby starts on the 35th floor.Go to the Mandarin if you can splurge!	
Jun 21 2008 	Loved It!	After much deliberation, I booked this hotel for my husband and I for a 5 day stay.It left me torn between this and the Four Seasons. I enjoyed the decor and ambience of the Mandarin so much. Views were incredible. We were in a Hudson River view room and it was lovely. The washroom met and exceeded my expectations and this was my biggest concern after staying at the Four Seasons. Truly everything about the room was perfect and I cannot fault. From the cleaning, to turn down, I loved coming back to it and enjoyed being in it which is saying a lot for a hotel room. Public areas over the top in terms of decor and views. Service in the Lobby Lounge was awful as stated in previous reviews but you kind of let it go when you're just so happy to be there enjoying the view.It's a bit of a nuisance having to take two sets of elevators to get up to your room, but again you get over it - fast. The elevators are very efficient and smooth.We found the doormen, front desk, concierge staff all outstanding. We were offered rides in the hotel cars on a number of occasions.The spa was insanely expensive and I do mean insanely expensive, but the most luxurious spa I've ever been to - oddly the reception staff at the spa were not great in terms of service or competence. Would I do it again? No, I think I'd spend the four figures on dinner somewhere or a new handbag. Glad I tried it though.When booking the hotel and getting confirmations of same I was a little worried - things seemed somewhat unclear and disorganized, but when dealing directly with the hotel and concierge we were extremely happy on every level.My personal preference for location was the FS in terms of shopping on Madison etc., but if you enjoy the mall below the Mandarin then it would be the perfect place to stay - also it's very convenient to the subway if that is a priority. In summary, the FS washrooms are probably a bit better, but not by much, the room decor and ambience of the Mandarin was better in my opinion (not bigger - but better). Location is a personal preference. Service is almost as good as the FS, but as i said it's easy to overlook the shortcomings when you're happy on so many other levels. Give it a try! I would absolutely go back.	
Jun 16 2008 	Pricey but great hotel	I stayed 4 days for leisure and had a great time. The view of Central Park (room 4508) was great and the room was very nice. The bed was comfortable. Turn down service in the evening with bottle water is great. The service is impeccable. I loved the &quot;Do not Disturb&quot; or &quot;Make the room&quot; done by a push of a button, that was cool.while I like the bar and the lounge area, breakfast is just ok (food overall is tasteless...): no white bread (olive bread in the morning is a bit hard with orange jam; croissant a bit greasy...), no assam tea (the darjeeling is excellent though). For diner, the wine selection is impressive but food again, is nothing to brag about.Concierges were very helpful and their recommendations quite good. Now the not-so-good part:- Shower: the door was banging 3/4th of the way against the marble so was not really convenient to walk in; to make matter worst, the 'ceiling shower' is just at the entrance, so you get wet when you start it and if you want to get in, then it better be at the right temperature...- Noise: i was surprised to see that there was no &quot;second doors&quot; provided that the room was not too far from the elevator; but the bad part was that you could hear all the conversations in the hallway. Truly the only negative point.- Table by the window: I asked a table by the window for breakfast the first day since there was one available. I was told someone reserved it, eventhoug I insisted. I finished breakfast and no one ever showed up to the table. So much for treating well your guest. I guess next time, I would just go to front desk and ask them to &quot;solve the issue&quot;. The next morning same story, but I just ignored her and sat at the table...Overall, a very nice hotel with a very professional and helpful staff.	
Jun 13 2008 	Wow All Around!	My husband and I just spent a weekend here for our anniversary, and virtually everything about this place is a wow -- including the price. We sprung for a Central Park-view room on the 45th floor, and it was the most amazing hotel view we've ever experienced (and at $1100 a night it should be). Our room view was even better than the view from the Lobby Lounge, so we ordered cocktails in the room one night and just relaxed on the backless sectional sofa that ran the entire width of our room right in front of the view. Total indulgence. True, the room was not overly large, but fine for NYC standards and elegantly decorated. My only minor complaint was the weird light switch in the bathroom: you had to hold it down for several seconds each time while the room gradually brightened or darkened. The Lobby Lounge is spectacular, with enormous windows overlooking Columbus Circle and Central Park. To be safe you should make a reservation because it fills up and people linger. (The smaller bar off in the corner is cramped and has no view at all, so don't bother. ) The Lounge hostess, Christina, was extremely accommodating, and once we were able to get a table, she kept &quot;upgrading&quot; us to ones with better views as they became available, even though we hadn't asked. In all, the service was excellent. This hotel is part of the Time Warner building, and you can access the shopping area by taking the elevator down to the third floor. We had a terrific stay and would definitely return -- that is, when we've saved up!	
Jun 11 2008 	'Fan'tastic	My first review on tripadvisor but had to write one for the Mandarin.Everything about my stay was superb. I was originally in a premier central park view room and moved to a deluxe twin as a friend came to join me for the weekend.Both rooms were excellent - with hindsight, I wasn't that worried about a view of central park, it was my first time in New York and felt I had to do it but if I was booking again (which I will be) I would go for the deluxe grade. The room was just as good.Every request made was fulfilled with courtesy, efficiently and guest satisfaction in mind. The only slight negative was breakfast in Assiate. Service was a let down and the coffee cool, but was replaced immediately.Ken on concierge was brilliant - I went to see him about getting to a Broadway show (which he booked) and he ended up planning an entire day of sightseeing for me, including a helicopter tour.My advice is don't hesitate to stay here, yes it's not cheap, but it's so worth the extra.	
May 26 2008	Absolutely Incredible!	We (my wife and I) wanted to celebrate an anniversary, and figured that we would drop a little extra coin and stay at the MO NYC. From the minute we arrived nothing but service and style. I arranged for some fresh flowers to be in the room (peonies and chocolate cymbidium orchids)&amp; utilized the concierge for some great dining advice! We stayed in a suite with an awesome view of central park, and used the location to walk to shopping, dinner, and even over to times square to people watch (should have skipped that -- crazy and dirty). We took the D train uptown for the Yankees game, and a quick cab to the meat packing district for dinner (10 minutes) at Vento. The location is great and the room is spectacular.	
May 20 2008 	Perfect Hotel	After booking a joint Cunard cruise with a stay in the Mandarin Oriental Hotel, the best part of the whole holiday was the stay in the Mandarin Oriental! We strayed in room 5012 overlooking Central Park, Room 3902 two single beds and room 5036 with distant views of the river. Everyone in the hotel from the front desk, concierge and housekeeping could not have been more helpful and everything was delivered and dealt with, with the minimum of fuss to the highest standard.Breakfast in the Asiate Dining Room was perfect and the service excellent with a most wonderful view looking out over Central Park.Meals in the Lobby Bar were excellent and on the second occasion service was slow and when the food arrived it was cold. The Manager took the initiative and waived the bill for the whole meal and a second serving of food arrived shortly after and was excellent. We thought that it was a good example of the standard expected in the hotel and that failure to deliver was taken very seriously by everyone – if only other hotels would adopt the same standard!The rooms were perfect and beautifully finished and even included a tray of sweets for our daughter, especially delivered for her.Overall the perfect experience in what was otherwise a disappointing holiday with Cunard.	
Apr 30 2008 	Simply one of the best in NYC	I am just sitting at the airport lounge and just wish to share my 2 nights experience at the MO NYC. Almost everything has been exceptional:THE GOOD:* The lobby on the 35th floor: minimalist but warm deco, great view.* staff: I could not fault anyone in this hotel. Special greeting to the concierge, so so friendly and helpful. Always smilling.* Rooms: good size, very clean, high quality everywhere you look at.* BED: A dream!* Bathroom: gives you a feeling of relaxation through the colours and the delicate smell.* ASIATE Restaurant: clearly one of the most exceptional food I have ever had (believe me, I travel a lot and love eating), with an incredible combination of japanese and european flavours.THE LESS GOOD:* The quality of the bread (both at breakfast and dinner at Asiate):Compared to what is offered now in the US, they have a lot to learn (Try the bread at the Four Seasons 57 restaurant: a huge difference).* Bathroom amenities: More like a *** hotel.Anyhow, and without any doubt, I will come back to MO NYC !	
Apr 15 2008 	New favourite hotel in N.Y.	April 15 Cathi Glasgow U.KJetlagged but had to write this while it was fresh in my mind, because I have found the comments of others so helpful when choosing a hotel...so excuse mistakes.Just back today after holiday at the Mandarin Oriental N.Y with husband and 2 teenagers and can honestly say that we all loved it. Yes it is expensive , room service / mini bar /spa very steep, but we knew that would be the case when we booked. Could not fault the service or the attention to detail and the bed was so comfortable that it was a joy to go to bed. The view from our Central Park suite was amazing at any time of the day or night. Son and daughter's adjoining Deluxe was perfect and although it did not have the view, was a great room too. Gym could perhaps do with more equipment, but was never too busy. Pool was always quiet too. Location was perfect. It was also very useful having the shops/restaurants below, for when we felt too lazy to go further afield, without having to get a taxi. It is a large and busy hotel but apart from lobby/bar area,peace and tranquility reigned. Cant wait to go back	
Apr 6 2008 	Very average experience / Very high prices	Okay, the location of New York's Mandarin Oriental is fabulous (although, as other travelers have mentioned, the Trump Hotel is blocking the views from some floors).Okay, the rooms are relatively spacious (by New York standards) in the most expensive rooms.Okay, the design is great, the pool and the gym are nice.But that's about it.Overall, the atmosphere is very international / standard / impersonal. As a guest, I did not feel particularly welcome or valued (although I was arriving, announced in advance, with the rather expensive hotel limo). The product may be good and the staff may be professional, but this is not a place where I felt genuinely welcomed.For the prices charged, significant improvement is needed in that respect.I mentioned it to the customer relations service, but received no answer to my email. I will not stay there again, unless I am sure these issues have been fixed.	
Mar 22 2008 	Loved loved loved the hotel	I've been to a number of Mandarin hotels all over, but I found the one in New York to be quite extraordinary. The room is spacious enough, especially for a New York hotel room, the hotel rate is also affordable enough for a 5 star hotel in New York, and the service is just amazing. If you requested it, you could end up having a wonderful view of the Central Park and watching the sun set over it was truly amazing.The only problem I had was with the door lock ( I stayed there in 2004, so they might have corrected this problem since). If you have bolted the door from inside, an outsider can easily force the door open and twice to yank the bolt from its place. We have told this to the manager.Summary: great stay!	
Mar 17 2008 	Extremely disappointing!	My boyfriend really wanted to stay at the Mandarin Oriental, so we decided to do it for our last night in NYC (we stayed with friends the other nights). He booked an upgraded room with a Central Park view--it was nearly $1000 for the night. We were prepared for the cost as we knew it would be that expensive.We arrived at noon and loved the beautiful interior of the hotel. The staff was friendly and the concierge was very helpful. Our room was ready, but the key system wasn't working so they walked us to the room. It was nice--not very large and has a view of Central Park that is ok--unfortunately it is largely obstructed by the awful Trump building, but that can't be helped. The room and amenities were really just ok--I think that most Westins, Ws, and even up-scale Marriotts were almost as nice. and Ritz Carltons, Four Seasons, and others in that realm are easily comparable. There are some really nice a/v features, and the bathroom is much larger, but I don't think that the marginal difference in quality is even close to the difference in cost. And there were weird things about the bathroom--like no separate light switch or a fan in the little room that has the toilet, terribly slow hot water, not very soft or plush robes, and even really low quality &quot;q-tips&quot; (to be petty). Also, there is not a coffee maker in the room, so you are forced to order room service every time you want hot water for tea or coffee. And the prices for room service are just completely over the top. I guess they just figure that once you are paying that much for a room, a $27/pp (plus service fees) continental breakfast is no big expense. (And it goes up from there.)The worst part, however, is that we slept terribly! The pillows are so soft that you need at least two of them and there weren't extras in the room. The comforter is pretty and soft, but warmed up so much that we were roasting. And the air in the room was so incredibly dry that we really had trouble sleeping. We collectively got about 2 hours of sleep. We were pretty grumpy by morning.The service was very good--all very nice staff people. But the room just didn't live up to the price in any way, shape, or form. We'd have been just as happy at the W or a boutique hotel and would have spent $700 less. Lesson learned: paying the highest cost does not always mean a better experience.	
Feb 29 2008 	Luxury Hotel next to Central Park with arrogant staff!	American hotel staff is usually better than in Europe. very well trained and very friendly. Not as good as Asia though. In the Mandarin Oriental the staff was however arrogant. They think you have to be glad to be allowed there. Which is not acceptable when you pay $1500 a night!Yes, I sat next to Lawrence Fishburn in the bar and they were all over him, but I nearly could not get a seat. Bar, restaurant and lounge are way to small, the food and drink selection is poor and extremely expensive for what it is. We like to have long breakfasts and were pushed to leave after we had eaten. We then went to have breakfast in the Landmark restaurant in the shopping center.To top it all up the concierge commented when I disliked his restaurant suggestion: &quot;If you look for a cheaper place, then ...&quot;Finally the bar refused to serve us drinks on New Years at 1am. &quot; Were closing now ...&quot;That is the city that never sleeps?	
Feb 26 2008 	Great Stay here every time we visit New York	Best Bits: Location, great bar, stylish rooms, close to fab shops in Columbus Circle, Loved the gym &amp; poolDown side: Staff can be a bit distant, room service prices are the highest I have ever known, make sure you book a room overlooking Central Park	
Feb 20 2008	my favorite hotel in NY	Mandarin Oriental NY was quite new when we stayed here. I loved its modern architecture, the decoration and the great location. Combination of everything that hotel presents made me feel very good about this hotel. Our room had a great NY view, it was very cleverly and beautifully designed. Both my husband and I enjoyed our three days stay at this hotel very much and looking forward to another opportunity to stay there. As we live in NY now, unfortunately we may not have the opportunity anytime soon.	
Feb 5 2008 	New York City at its Best	My partner and I decided to see in the New Year in New York City, which we attempt to visit annually. In discussing where we would stay, we decided on the Mandarin Oriental at Columbus Circle in the Time Warner Building. This was our first visit to the property and we will return many times in the future. In every way, the property and the staff achieved a 6 star level of service; within minutes of our arrival from LaGuardia via the hotel's car service, door staff, front desk staff and management were all greeting us by name! Our guest room on the 53rd floor overlooking the Hudson River, while not oversized, had a beautiful bathroom and was appointed. The bed was very comfortable and in ever way, our guest room met our every expectation. During our 6 night stay, frequently, the doorman would offer us the hotel's car service to the theatre and restaurants! The hotel's proximity to Central Park was a great advantage and we enjoyed our morning walks in the park. A great way to spend a holiday; thanks to everyone at Mandarin Oriental for making our stay so memorable.	
Jan 28 2008 	The Mandarin NYC! Why any other hotel?	What can i say about The Mandarin but great things?...i stayed here two nights 01/25/08 -1/27/08 with some friends and absolutely fell in love from the first minute i stepped inside. This is my first time at The Mandarin in NYC and also my very first time in NYC as a matter of fact. Service was top notch from check-in to checkout. Our room was spacious and well organized and included every amenity you could ask for, and if it lacked anything the hotel was more than accommodating to provide you with what you wanted. The bathroom was in pristine condition and having the lcd was a nice touch. The shower was the best part...that shower head with plenty of water pressure can wipe your tensions away. The bed was very very comfortable also along with the samsung sound system made the down time more enjoyable.On several occasions the hotel provided their brand new Escalade to shuttle us to time square and to our dinner locations. Totally unheard of from other hotels i have stayed at unless i paid. They brought us plenty of fiji water that was on the house and even opened the business center for us after hours so we could print our boarding passes...and this was late like almost midnight...the customer service was never ending...i will definitely come back again. Thanks Mandarin for giving the best stay in NYC!....	
Jan 13 2008 	Top of the town	Long weekend in New York, for me and the family, this place was great. The views from the room of the East side where great, the kids loved it. The bar was great for views of central park and the stars that come in for a drink.Its a great hotel and great location.	
Jan 11 2008 	The best in New York...?	We stayed in the Mandarin for a romantic weekend this winter. I actually live in New York, and had been to the lobby bar (famous for its views, but otherwise pretty standard stuff)...but never stayed there. First off, it's expensive...very expensive...and considering the Plaza is still closed it's claiming the honor of the Best Hotel In New York. And I guess it is an amazing hotel...the room (Deluxe Central Park View) was big (by NY standards) and well appointed, the bathroom was spacious and beautiful, but let's be clear: you're paying for a view. The windows are giant, and the view is spectacular (we were on the 45th floor). But, the Trump Tower and a new luxury apartment building do partly block your view of the park. The staff was very helpful, the concierge managed to work us into Masa downstairs at the last minute...but all in all, for the money (and the hype) I was expecting just a little more. They also charge for little things like internet access...which for the price I thought was annoying. Maybe I've been spoiled in the past. But I still recommend it for a romantic (and decadent) getaway, or a longer business trip (if you're so lucky).	
Jan 4 2008	2nd stay just as amazing as the first	Spent a weekend at the mandarin to see some broadway (weekend ended up being ruined by strike however) and loved it just as much as our first stay. Hotel rep met us at our car as we arrived and took us up directly to our room, we got to completely bypass check-in which was a definite plus. The room was amazing, among the best in all of ny city. Service was great again as was the room service. It's still extremely expensive but if you can afford it there's no reason to stay anywhere else.ps: The reason why I love mandarin's more than any other ultra lux chain? Because, as far as rooms go, what you see is what you get. There is never any mystery as far as how your room will look. Go on their website, every room as pictures and your room will look EXACTLY like the one you see on the website. In many older hotels every single room is decorated differently and you never know what your going to get, the mandarin is a refreshing exception.	
Dec 22 2007	Paramount	Being the most exceptional hotel in the capital of the world that is New York City must be very demanding. I felt that Mandarin lived up to its reputation in every respect. Located on top 20 floors of the most recent city landmark, the magnificent Time Warner center, the hotel offers unparalleled views of Central Park and Hudson River. Our room on the 52d floor was impeccable, with wall-high windows opening up to sweeping panorama of the city that never sleeps.The service at Mandarin is truly remarkable. When checking-in I mentioned it was my wife's birthday. When we came back to our room after exploring the city to our suprise we found the complimentary bottle of champagne and delicious chocolate cake waiting for us.The hotel is a favorite destination for celebrities (and apparently photographers who were hanging out in front of the entrance) so running into a Hollywood A-lister or the likes of Ryan Seacrest is somewhat of a usual thing. The location at Columbus Circle is one of the best in Manhattan, very convenient and in proximity to everything in Midtown.	
Dec 12 2007 	A few tips	If you need a view, get ready for &quot;partial&quot; with a building generally blocking most of it out. Having sampled the entire inventory, I think the best rooms are the doubles with suffix &quot;32&quot;m which face north, with a parkview comparable to the straight &quot;central park view&quot; category and also featuring the GW bridge at night. The &quot;32&quot; is also a bit bigger than the other parkview rooms. The best room in the house is next door, the suite with suffix &quot;33&quot; - here you get the full south-clockwise-to-park (or Statue of Liberty, Hudson River, GW Bridge, Manhattan and Central Park). Ignore the advice if you are a fan of midtown skyscrapers.The pool and spa are well worth a visit.Lunch at the hotel restaurant is very, very good; the bento box is excellent.If you exit the elevators on the third floor mall entrance, you can step around the corner to the Bouchon Bakery for an excellent and quick breakfast/snack/sandwich.	
Oct 27 2007 	Stunning but reception lets it down a bit	I stayed here for 2 nights on business, straight from its sister hotel in London (which I had found rather stuffy). I did feel that the one thing that prevents this hotel getting a 5-star rating from me was the reception - check-in was not particularly efficient and more to the point, there was a very indifferent attitude on the part of the staff there. The staff at the concierge desk downstairs were a lot more helpful and friendly.Everything else was stunning. I didn't have time to sample all the hotel's offerings like spa and pool as it wasn't a leisure trip, but the bar on the reception floor was lovely. Food was good. The room was perhaps slightly small but as it was only me it was fine. Decor and amenities in the room were top-notch. I was on a 50-something floor overlooking Columbus Circle - even at that height the circle was still slightly noisy, but there was a gorgeous view over Central Park albeit slightly obscured by the Trump hotel.	
Oct 20 2007 	Loved it!	I booked my husband and I into the MO for 2 nights as a suprise birthday trip to NYC. I booked way in advance and got a rate of $809 per night on the hotel website for a junior suite on a higher floor overlooking Central Park. The room was fabulous and they gave us champagne and cake on hearing that it was his birthday. We took our 1 year old with us and they provide a great baby sitting service. My son loved looking out the window as did we. They provided a toy and toiletries for our son along with the crib and took really good care of all 3 of us. The staff were all very nice and helpful. The lady at the lobby bar was rather snooty, but it appears to be her job to find out if you are staying there as if you are not you will not get a table. We were visiting friends who live there and some who flew in from LA and they insisted on checking out the room and hotel and were stunned at the size of the room and bathroom and the breathtaking views.After reading earlier reviews I did stress on checking in that it was my husband's birthday and I wanted a room with a view that wasn't blocked by the Trump Tower. The view is what I paid the top dollar for and we weren't dissapointed. If you book early, its well worth the money. I definitely wouldn't pay rack rates for it though.	
Sep 20 2007	Great if you like being rodgered for no apparent reason	Ok, so its the MO, the newest addition to the high class hotel scene in NY, one of the coolest cities on the planet - it's GOT to be good. Well yeah, its exactly that - good, it's not great. It's got a dramatic and original lobby (unless you've stayed at the Park Hyatt in Tokyo), it's got a spacious spa which looks impressive and well equipped (not compared with the one in the Four Seasons in Hong Kong) and it has the genuine pimp factor associated with staying in a hotel of this calibre (not on a par with rocking up to the George V in Paris). This is a good hotel with all of the artillery required to arm it for future greatness but ultimately it doesnt deliver if you are a truely discerning traveller. I didnt have a bad stay in this hotel but as other reader's have commented with all of the hype and the fanfare expectations are high. If you like being rodgered and want to tell your mates you stayed there, DO IT!! It's close proximity to Per Se and Masa is a good enough reason if you are a foodie.	
Aug 29 2007 	Great Hotel !	We stayed at this hotel whilst on honeymoon, it was fantastic!Our hotel room was one of the more basic type due to the cost but it was still lovely. We arrived late at night to a bottle of champagne and chocolate cake, slippers by our bed and fluffy robes in the bathroom. The bed was incredibly comfy and the view out of the window stunning. The bathroom had a huge shower cubicle, a lovely deep bath and a tv.Whilst visiting, my daughter was ill, the cleaner came straight away and the hotel sent my daughter a complimentary bag, hat and t-shirt to cheer her up. The staff were very nice but professional.The hotel pool and facilities are excellent.It was a delight getting married in NY and staying in this hotel.	
Aug 20 2007	All the right touches	This beats all three of the Ritz Carlton hotels I've stayed in. The service is just what you need; no more no less, and highly personalized. I donned the complimentary bathrobe and reclined in the divan adjoining the the picture window. The room overlooked Central Park from the 51st floor.Had an amazing sleep on the Sealy Posturepedic 700 featherbed with down pillows. The dimmer switch for the bathroom is a nice way to wake up.Took a luxurious shower underneath the waterfall showerhead. Preparing for a business meeting in the morning, I wondered how I looked and then noticed the 10' X 3' window next to the bed.	
Aug 12 2007 	Gorgeous hotel !	We've just returned home from a one week stay in this fabulous hotel and I honestly cannot find anything negative to say about the experience. We had a deluxe Hudson River view room that interconnected with our 2 teenagers. The views were superb, the room immaculately clean and the facilities wonderful. There was also a plentiful supply of bathroom goodies by Aromatherapy Associates which smelt heavenly - I'm going to try and get my hands on some in the UK as I forgot to buy them at the hotel shop. The location is brilliant - a 10 minute walk to Times Square and right next to Central Park. This hotel was an oasis of calm and luxury that we enjoyed returning to after each hectic day of sightseeing. I couldn't bear to stay anywhere else if I return to New York !	
Aug 11 2007 	Average...actually	Im not sure what people expect when they got to a hotel that is supposed to be the best in New York. I will tell you the I personally expect to be blown away and was not. Yes the lobby is nice and the rooms are nice but so are a hundred other hotels in New York. As a matter of fact you will even find better beds at a lower class hotel. As far as the restaurant in the hotel and the view from the lobby I would say yes they are very nice. I would recommend you just do that if you feel like this hotel is the place for you. The location of the hotel is in the Time Warner building so it is a little less of the rumble and tumble of NY. However, because of this you are on the opposite side of the high fashion shops on the other side of the park. Last, If you see the picture of the pool don't be sad when you actually see it. The spa while I did not use it seemed nice. I went here for one night with my wife. We are young and just got married. If you have kids and/or enjoy a mall like experience you may not find this review helpful.	
Aug 7 2007 	Superb hotel	First time staying at a Mandarin anywhere. Usually stay at Four Seasons, but as this was unavailable, decided to try the Mandarin. Nice room, very clean, excellent service, great view, great location, and nice bar. They don't have all the employees remember and call you by your name when they see you ( a la Four Seasons), but other than that, it's top notch.	
Jul 19 2007	The Best Hotel in NYC	Fabulous, Fabulous, Fabulous! It may be expensive, but offers great service, immaculate rooms and breathtaking views of the Hudson and Central Park. We stayed in a Hudson view room (Floor 54), which was spacious and very quiet. The bathtub next to the window had an amazing view and the room was generally well serviced.Try and avoid rooms near the elevators though. They are in constant use and I'm sure the noise would annoy light sleepers. Luckily we were nowhere near them!The shopping mall below the hotel is also great. If you don't want to pay $35 each for breakfast in the hotel, you can wander down to 'Borders' where you can get a fab Dean and Deluca coffee and muffin!The most beautiful view of Central Park is from the hotel bar at sunset.Treat yourself and a have a great time!	
Jul 11 2007 	Very good but not exceptional	I'm writing this review whilst actually in my room at the Mandarin Oriental. I think it's better that way.Yes, the room is lovely, and yes, the staff are polite.However, having booked for 3 guests over 4 months ago, it has taken 6 hours, 4 phone calls, 1 visit to reception a lot of angriness to get a rollaway bed delivered for my son.You can have all of the orchids in the world, 100 TV channels and the fluffiest robes, but what does the inability to provide anough beds tell you?Around $800/night ought to provide flawless service. I Shan't stay here again.	
Jul 2 2007	So good it's one of the top hotels in America	I travel on business all the time, and I see lots of hotel aspiring to greatness. It comes down to this, MONY has the most wonderful, accommodating, gracious staff imaginable. No offense to a great city, but NY is not always known for fabulous service. This staff outshines every hotel I have ever seen. It's not perfect. The Lounge Manager was downright rude. But that was one person and one day. The rooms have goodies and gizmos in every nook and cranny...in fact too many...the TV is difficult to use. But again, that sense of calm, the utter professionalism, the attention to detail. It was worth the extreme price and I will stay any time I have the opportunity.	
Jun 27 2007 	Fantastic location but	I have just returned from a four night stay at the Mandarin, The location is superb, on Colombus Circle overlooking Central Park, above a good shopping centre. We had a corner suite with views over the park and the Hudson river. Amazing rooms because of the views but the decor was fairly bland for a hotel of this standing. The body lotion, etc in the bathroom were fantastic all from the company Sugar. I was very lucky as a friend's new boyfriend was paying otherwise this would have been out of my league. However I have been lucky enough to stay in some pretty amazing hotels across the world and somehow the Mandarin just misses. The attention to small details is lacking. Housekeeping left food from room service in the room for 12 hours until we called twice to have it removed. Water was stocked daily but only at night, it was not replenished in the morning without phoning and requesting it. Services are very expensive, $30 for a cup of tea from room service. If money is no object and location key, stay here, otherwise look for something a little less coporate and better value for money.During our stay we ate at Gramercy Tavern, always excellent, Per Se, truly a foodie experience and great staff, Stanton Social, brilliant fun and wonderful food.	
Jun 17 2007 	Overall the best in New York and not bad world-wide	Stayed at the MONY over 2.5 weeks end May. Having stayed at the Four Seasons, Ritz-Carlton Central Park, Essex House and St. Regis before, I can objectively say that the MO has the best overall package.Incentives to stay:1) Modern and new, it is not frayed like the Ritz-Carlton and 4 Seasons and occupies a modern building without the creaks and sounds like at the Ritz-Carlton just down the road.2) The rooms are very spacious for central park hotels. Stayed in a standard room.3) All rooms have a view. Either Central Park or the Hudson. While many of the park views are partially blocked by the Trump, for the same price at the others I've mentioned above, frankly you'd be looking at the air well or another room's window.4) The concierge is excellent. They were friendly, on the ball and went out of their way. Only the 4 Seasons and I hear, the Carlyle, can compare or exceed.5) The techno deck-out in the room is the best I've encountered in NY. TV in bathroom, fax machine and multi-line phone for conference calls and internet on the flat-screen TV are standard features.6) A lot of people write it's expensive. Frankly, I think it's more than reasonable compared to other similar 5 stars along Central Park ways. The Ritz-Carlton charges 10-15% more for far worse. The 4 seasons is also more expensive. You need to compare apples with apples. No point comparing it to say the Novotel or Radisson.Discentives:1) Service is still spotchy. It is getting there but some kinks remain. The doormen do not open the doors or greet you with a smile. Bad first impression.2) Housekeeping can be a little wobbly with replacing things. However, this seems to be a NY/Western Hemisphere thing in general.3) The partially blocked views as mentioned. To be nitpicking, clear views would be great. However, if you are thinking about moving to the Trump for the view, think again. The same price will not get you a Central Park or even Hudson view. You get a view of a next door building and maybe the MO :-) I checked.4) Having travelled extensively in Asia as well, frankly most hotels in the Western Hemisphere need to catch up. Service, amenities, room space all pale next to the Asian hotels. I don't look at cost since cost of living is far higher in NY compared to say, Bangkok. Still, MONY is the closest I've come across in the U.S. to a class act nearly on par with it's Asian counterparts.It is my pick for a NY hotel.	
May 10 2007 	Still the best in New York City!	This was our sixth stay at the Mandarin Oriental NYC since they first opened (when it was cheap), and it is still an amazing experience. The location is the best you can find, right next to the park and connected to the popular Columbus Circle which provides great shopping. We reserved a central park view suite this time, which provided amazing views of the park - it was very spacious (especially for NYC standards) and included every luxury you could possibly desire. The service and help was outstanding as always, especially the concierge who helped us with our dinner reservations on very short notice. The Mandarin Oriental lobby bar and restaurant both provide some of the best views of New York city that you can find - we ate breakfast every morning overlooking the park from the 35th floor. The only minor drawback which we encountered is the usually slow bar service in the lobby bar in the evenings. It often takes 10-20 minutes to get your drinks / order once an order is placed -(which is the norm for some reason since they have opened), but with a such outstanding view and environment we will gladly put up with that. We are already looking forward to our next visit.	
Apr 30 2007 	Hurray for the Mandarin NYC!!!	Best in NYC! The room and bathroom were finely appointed, rich and modern at the same time. The tea service upon arrival is a very nice touch. The bed was great, bath great also. It is so nice to have a good place to end each day. Room service was prompt and food was very good. The restaurant off the lobby was ok, flavors to complex and trendy...not worth the price. The spa is devine, a must do. The lobby / spa views of the park are fantastic . The hotel is expensive but it is a sanctuary for the soul. We should all live like this all of the time.I have stayed all over nyc and this is my favorite hotel.	
Apr 17 2007 	We think welcome means something different!	We have just spent 5 nights at the Mandarin in New York. There to share a 60th birthday celebration with London friends and see my (American) husband's family for a visit. On arrival at 1pm we were told that our room was not yet ready (which we expected) but asked for the number in order to give it to our friends who had checked in the previous day at the hotel. The receptionist stumbled an answer 'oh we are not yet sure which one it is'. We are frequent travellers and whenver I hear this response I know that we are about to be told that we have been 'upgraded' and then shown to one of every 5 star hotels 'less than great' rooms. It has happened before. We already had a written confirmation of a deluxe Hudson River view room on a high floor which is what we wanted. Our friends had the same room type reserved so we went to see it. When 'our room' was ready - upgraded we were told, it was of course inferior on all counts, we asked to be changed to our confirmed room which was fine. Why do hotels do this. Theatres charge a lesser price for 'restricted view' seats. We all know that there will always be a few rooms in any fine hotel that are less good and the hotels would serve themselves well if they advertised these at lower prices. Instead what they try to do is hope that the client they put in these rooms will be too intimidated to ask for a change. I hate this especially as when we came into the downstairs lobby at the Mandarin via the lift to the 35th floor where the hotel starts, every employee greeted us en route 'welcoming' us to the Mandarin.Apart from this start, the hotel was good, modern and had most things one would expect. Except no coffee making equipment in the rooms - I think they think us (their clients) too 'posh' to make their own coffee but I know we both hated having to get up to find a cup. Most guests seemed to feel the same and popped out to the Starbucks across the road to pick up their morning coffees, but in the room would have been great.Weather was freezing in New York (6-11 April) but the lobby of the hotel on the 35th floor was kept cold by air conditioning - perhaps someone might mention global warming to the Mandarin.This is an expensive hotel which looks good and has all the trappings of a first class hotel but has no heart and not much of a genuine warmth to it. We have been to fine hotels where they manage to have boths looks and heart. We would not stay there on our next visit. Our friends who had also stayed at the Mandarin in Singapore said it wasn't a patch on that.	
Mar 21 2007 	Loved the HOT Stone massage!	Everything about the Mandarin was 5 star.... the food, service, decor and spa. You must visit the spa and get at least 1 treatment....and go early so you can enjoy the relaxation room!	
Mar 15 2007	Love It When Someone Else is Paying	Fantastic hotel, great location, amazing views, and the best lounge in the city BUT you certainly pay for itGrab a park view room for special occasions or when someone else is picking up the tab	
Mar 13 2007 	compelling hotel	I have stayed at the Mandarin many times since it opened, and my recent visit confirmed my affection for it. Major positives include: a great, apparently stable staff; amazing views, wonderful location and great facilities such as the pool/spa and cool lobby lounge. The hotel is very expensive due to persistently high occupancy, and the food is not very special. Skip room service and head to Cafe Gray (or Nougatine across the street) which have extensive hours. Even the bar there is a glamorous dining experience.	
Feb 23 2007 	Really Nice. Suprising Service Flaws	A nice hotel. Have used this group on other continents. This trip exposes some subtle flaws. Coffee ordered this morning at 9 am took almost 1 hour to arrive. Bathroom amenities are shabbily arranged. Complimentary city maps and other offerings are torn and incomplete.All would be acceptable at a property charging a much lower price.Mandarin ought look at their local management for answers.	
Feb 7 2007 	You Would Not Want to Leave IT!	King size bed with central park view at US$699/night. Flawless service and execution, great atmosphere, mighty bar with views, excellent food, good spa, location at Columbus Circle, baby sitter for our 2 year old arranged at 3 hour notice.... The list can go on and on. I have travelled the world and stayed at some best hotels, including Peninsula in NY and Shangri La in Singapore, but this one left a special mark. look no further and enjoy!	
Feb 4 2007 	Wonderful Hotel Great Service	We have been staying at the Mandarin Oriental NYC since they opened, and it is still just as fantastic as the day it opened. From the moment you arrive everything is perfect, and they will cater to your every need(s). We stayed in a suite overlooking Central Park which was amazing. The rooms are larger then any we have stayed at in NYC, and they have double sinks in every room which makes mornings much easier. The lobby bar/lounge serves great snacks and cocktails throughout the day and at night it is reserved for hotel guests only. It is very expensive, but definitely worth it if you want a first class experience all the way.	
Jan 30 2007 	The reasons to stay at the MO	Look, it’s not quite a Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons experience in terms of service and employee talent level but there are plenty of reasons to pay the money and stay at the Mandarin Oriental. Plenty. Such as:Location: At Columbus Circle across the street from Central Park. Easy walking commute to all the areas you want to be in midtown and great sightlines in a spectacular building.The mall/ Whole Foods: The MO lobby is on the 35th floor of a skyscraper that houses a nice mall with four or five high-end restaurant choices and an enormous Whole Foods with a large selection of prepared foods. If it’s unusually cold out or raining, this is an invaluable perk. We went downstairs in the morning (well, my wonderful wife did) and got great, organic breakfast items and we ate them in our room, saving tons in the process.The lobby lounge: Plenty has been written here and none of it exaggerates the view and the atmosphere. Awesome.The room: Bigger and better than many NYC high-end hotel rooms. Fantastic view. Well appointed and functional. Top notch. Modern but classy. Bathroom was superb.Gym: Small but free, which is not the norm in many hotels these days. Good cardio equipment with TV’s in them. Excellent indoor lap pool. We booked through Platinum Am Ex and received a room upgrade, a 4 PM checkout, a $100 spa voucher and continental breakfast each morning. All for $630 or so. Well worth it. We’ve recently stayed at both RC’s in NYC and The Sofitel and enjoyed them all but it’ll be MO from now on for us.	
Jan 8 2007 	Loved it but over priced.	An absolutely stunning hotel, with excellent &quot;touches&quot; free teas/coffees/fruit from the gym, the evening turn down, the ipods to listen to excellent stuff indeed BUT it is vastly overpriced. The central park view rooms have 2 buildings in the way highly frustration when a 2 night stay cost nearly £1000, and the fact that breakfast is not included and is incredibly expensive takes away from the incredibly location and general feel of the hotel. I loved my stay but wouldn't go back unless is was a lot cheaper. There are better places to stay for a lot less money.	
Dec 29 2006 	Way overpriced for the lack of service	I am a big fan of the Four Seasons in new york. I tried to get a room for NYE weekend and it was sold out. I am currently staying at the Mandarin Oriental and it is very disapointing.They didn't have my room ready for 3pm check in, had a rollaway in the room that I didn't request. Takes forever to get something to your room.Also they send me a &quot;customer profile&quot; to fill out and send to them. I filled it out and sent it back to them, but I didn't notice that they read it at all...I am in the travel biz and I don't mind paying big $$$ for hotel rooms around the world. The problem that I have is when you pay top dollar and you receive service on the same level when you could have spent $400 a night.I won't be coming back	
Dec 26 2006 	When only the best will do.	I recently stayed with my girlfriend at the Mandarin and thought it was an exquisite hotel. You enter the hotel lobby by elevator (I think it is around the 40th floor where the hotel begins. You exit out the elevator into the hotel lobby which has very high ceilings and has a beautiful view of Central Park. There is an excellent bar which is to the right of the lobby which also serves the most divine desserts that I and my girlfriend have ever tasted. We routinely dine at the finest (according to Zagat) restaurants on Long Island and NYC for your reference. To the left is the hotel's signature restaurant and directly sunken in front of the lobby is a nice lounge area reserved for hotel guests. All of these areas have beautiful high city and park views. On to the room =&gt; The room that we booked overlooked Central Park. The ceiling height must have been at least 15 Feet to the best of my recollection with large floor to ceiling windows the length of the room. The room was large by NYC standards. The marble bath room was very large and had separate showering and toilet and makeup areas. There was french door separating the bath room from the hallway. While there we had occassion to order dinner from room service. The kitchen answered promptly at 11:30PM and had dinner to us &quot;in 20 minutes&quot; which was actually 15 minutes. The dinner and desserts were excellent and the staff was very courteous. Our room also included breakfast for the $1400 nightly fee at their signature restaurant in the morning. We headed down about 9AM and found a beautiful bright dining area that was buzzing with activity. The service was very prompt. The breakfast was a continental breakfast and was also excellent. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel. You get what you pay for. It is clearly one of the best in Manhattan. I would stay here again without hesitation especially because of the beautiful rooms with high city and park views.	
Nov 6 2006 	Great views POOR service.	We did not stay at the hotel , however had lunch. The view is fantastic, the crowd pleasant to study.The service was TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE. Waiters rude and in the end complaning about the lack of sufficient tips....... i will NEVER step ito that place again.	
Oct 14 2006 	Too expensive for what it was....	I booked a Hudson River View Deluxe Room over the phone for a rate of approx $900 per night. The room itself was beautiful, quiet with glorious views across to the river. The bathroom was huge, with its own flatscreen TV by the bath and a refreshing &quot;waterfall&quot; shower. The corridors and public spaces were gloomy and the main bar was so dark my husband nearly tripped going down the stairs to our table. The restaurant Asiate had great food, and the hotel concierge was extremely helpful. The pool was large but a little chilly, though this isn't a problem if you are a serious swimmer. Annoyingly, you have to pay for Internet access and the room services prices are astronomical. We ended up buying dinner one evening from the great deli in the Columbus Circle downstairs to eat back in our room! Our fellow guests were mainly Russian &quot;businessmen&quot; and unfriendly Europeans.In summary, the hotel has the prices of the Four Seasons, but doesn't have the understated and welcoming chic of the Four Seasons.	
Oct 13 2006 	Loved it!	Stayed at the Mandarin Oriental hotel with my daughter as a weekend getaway. We had reserved a corner Hudson view room and were upgraded at check-in to a Central Park view room on the 46th floor.The view was fantastic! The window had a full view of Central Park. The Trump International hotel took up just one small corner of the view off to the side. The park really commanded the view. It was great!The plasma tv with DVD player and laptop capability was very high tech. The tv was programmed with a special welcome message which went away after use. The plasma tv in the bathroom was a nice touch as well. The all marble bathroom was nice with seperate shower and big walk in shower.The service was awesome. From the room upgrade to the doormen. The doormen were at the car as soon as we pulled up, welcoming us. Upon departure, I forgot to call in advance to get my car so it took about 5 minutes (no big deal) for them to retreive it. The doorman offered us bottled water while we were waiting since it was a hot day. The front desk person showed us to the elevator and then handed off the key, offering to carry my shoulder bag up to the room. We ordered room service and it arrived in 30 minutes. The food was good. My daughter called the front desk for bubble bath and they went out and bought some, delivering it in a cute bag.The lounge in the lobby was excellent. My teenage daughter was excited because we actually met a couple of celebrities who were staying at the hotel.	
Oct 8 2006 	1st Class or what!!	We recently stayed at the MO in New York for 2 nights as part of our 25th Wedding Anniversary Celebrations last week - end September 06). On arrival at the Hotel there was Champagne &amp; Chocolate awaiting us in our room! We had dinner there on the 2nd night and when we only asked for one dessert they insisted on two - we couldn't understand why - until they both arrived and had 'Happy Anniversary' piped in chocolate on each - such a lovely touch. We had booked the Hotel as part of our trip with Cunard - we travelled to NY on the QM2 - for some reason Cunard felt we had been delayed on disembarkation in Bayonne and there was a lovely card and chocolates apologising for delay - again a lovely touch. As 'piece de resistance' we had booked the Private Spa at MO for 3 hours and WOW! We were allowed 1/2 to ourselves before being giving the most wonderful foot massage whilst the Massuers explained everything that would happen and gained information from us, to enable them to maximise our time their with treatments suited to each of us. Then Lunch! Amazing!! All in all an absolutley 1st class hotel, 1st Service and no complaints whatsoever. I sincerely hope we can return there some day!	
Oct 3 2006 	Nice stay at a Luxury hotel that is showing some wear	My husband and I returned to the Mandarin in New York recently for our anniversary. We first stayed there 2 years ago following our wedding. The first stay was amazing - the property was still &quot;new&quot; and everything about it seemed luxurious. This time around we noticed a few things were lacking. The furniture is beginning to show wear, especially in the Lobby Lounge. We were given a handicapped room, of which the only problem I had was that the shower had a regular plastic curtain instead of glass. Diminished the luxe somewhat for me. The bathing amenities were very nice, as were the towels, robes and linens. The LCD TV was o.k - the HDTV channels went out several times which was quite annoying. We had to call IT to come reset it. The bed is extremely comfortable - definitely a highlight! The service is still pretty high-level, but nothing that I haven't experienced at other hotels.The Lobby Lounge is great! The view is fantastic and unparalleled- I definitely recommend stopping there for a drink or dessert.The location of the hotel is very convenient. Great shops in walking distance, and the subway is around the corner. Overall, our stay was pleasant and the accommodations were nice, but I do not think we will stay there again. It doesn't seem as luxurious as it once was.	
Sep 24 2006	Mandarin was wonderful	Overall, we were thrilled with the Mandarin. The location was great for us - you have your own entrance to the Shops at Columbus Circle, which includes Whole Foods and Bouchon Bakery. The atmosphere throughout the hotel is elegant and luxurious without being stuffy. The front desk was exceptionally warm and welcoming, especially to our children. A smiling face can make such a difference.We stayed in an executive suite with a connecting park-view bedroom, and it was plenty of room for a family of four. The views from the suite were mostly looking west to the Hudson River - we really loved the views. The view from the park-view bedroom is dominated by Trump's hotel and another huge building in the process of being built - you only have a glimpse of the park squeezed in between these two buildings. Otherwise, that bedroom was great.The layout of the suite is a little awkward - rooms in the suite are off of a long, crooked hallway. Also, the main door from our suite to the hotel's hallway didn't connect solidly with the wall, so there was a slightly open gap, meaning we could hear a lot of noises in the hallway and even see a little into the hallway. But, since all of our rooms inside of the suite were off the crooked hallway, it didn't matter too much.The pool is simply gorgeous. It's in a very light-filled, long room on the 36th floor. It was almost empty both times we used it and the staff was very nice. There were a few mix-ups with housekeeping, including one time when she just walked right into our suite. The woman was very sweet and polite, so it wasn't a problem. The only truly negative aspect of this hotel is the price. It is shockingly, obscenely expensive. But, I must admit, I think it was worth it. We have great memories from this hotel.	
Sep 21 2006	Great facilities - but service lacklustre	Good things about this property - unlike most of the luxury hotels in NYC, the facilities are new, and the rooms are not tired. Because of the location of the hotel, the entire hotel is quiet - no real street noise. Bathrooms are great.Bad things - it is very expensive, and the service is simply not up to snuff for the type of property it pretends to be. Get ready for clumsy checkin, botched reservations (in the hotel's own restaurants ?) and generally blah service (even worse that what you would normally expect for high end NYC hotels). I've now stayed here a few times, and on each occasion, the experience has been the same. So, caveat emptor - you will pay dearly for a beautiful room, but if you are expecting service commensurate with the facilities, you will be disappointed - for that, try the FS instead.	
Sep 6 2006	Extrarodinary Hotel	Having read several rather negative reviews on TA, I was wondering what to expect for my $1,000 a night Park View Grand de Luxe Room. I have been here for 7 nights with another 5 or so to go, so have had plenty of opportunity to work out the pros and cons.I write this as a regular guest at 4 Seasons, Ritz Carlton and the like and a frequent visitor to Hong Kong which has some of the best hotels in the world.I am lost for words at the excellence of this hotel which surpasses not only my expectations, but pretty much all my previous hotel stay expreiences. This is a truly superb hotel. It is is beautifully fitted out, the service is excellent (possibly only 9 out of 10 owing to some glitches in the public lobby lounge which is not as well staffed as the guest areas) and the overall experience is one of pampered luxury. Contrary to the experiences described in other reviews, the staff have been excpetionally friendly (the maitre'd knew at Asiate knew my name after one visit and made a point of greeting me by name thereafter).There is a wonderful pool. small but uncrowded and wonderful for laps or just wallowing.The views of Central Park (I am on the 52nd floor) are superb, even allowing for the fact that the Trump Hotel blocks part of the view.The hotel exudes an air of oppulent luxury and well-being.There is only one issue, which is the price. Everything is phenomenally expensive (continental breakfast in the room at around $45) and laundry that costs more than it would to replace the items that have been laundered.On this occasion I am not picking up the tab and the prices do not, therefore, disturb me. I think it is the price that probably accounts for a great deal of the dissatisfaciton expresssed in other reviews, as it is hard to imagine how this hotel could ever really deliver what most people would expect for rooms costing upwards of $1,000 per night, when the price is coming out of their own pockets.In summary this is a wonderful hotel, but I would advise against staying here if you are paying for it yourself and will be making a very detailed cost benefit analysis. This is a place for those on expenses, for celebs, for those who are truly hardened to paying for hotels of this class and for those who recognise that they are splashing out a very large amount of money for an unusually opulent treat.	
Sep 5 2006	Top notch service	Service was what you'd expect when you are paying this kind of money--top notch. Everyone I encountered was solicitous and eager to help. The room had a flat panel TV with computer control, including internet access, but I never used it--hey we were in NYC! The bathroom was very roomy and all marble, as you'd expect. Very comfy bed. Open the curtains when you turn out the lights - great view to sleep by.Lots of VIPs stay here. We saw Danny Devito in the street level lobby, and he was nice enough to talk.Next to the upper lobby, there's a 5 star restaurant (Asiate) and bar with outstanding views of Central Park.Great location: The Columbus Circle subway is just steps away. You also have your own private passageway to the &quot;Shops at Columbus Circle&quot; mall in the Time Warner Center. Lincoln Center is a few blocks North. Cabs are only a few seconds wait with the energetic doormen at the ground floor lobby.	
Sep 5 2006 	Amongst the very best in NY	They certainly aren't the largest rooms in Manhattan but the hotel just felt very New York to me-- quintessentially so, overlooking the park, in the upper floors of a slick (but perhaps soulless) skyscraper. The modern rooms (probably amongst the newest in the city?) are slick and far superior to the competitors like Four Seasons, although not as large. The location is good with excellent access throughout the city, but aside from the park, you don't have as much immediacy as being on Fifth Avenue or in the heart of SoHo Stunning lobby with views of Central Park. Like most other Mandarin Orientals, the service is extremely professional although it can be a little cold at times (especially with all that marble). The prix fixe lunch at Asiate is a very reasonable deal as well-- not outstanding food, but well worth the price.	
Aug 23 2006 	State-of-the-art just like the price tag	I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental at Columbus Circle for three nights; I booked a grand deluxe double room with a view of Time Warner Center’s second tower and partially on the Hudson River and Columbus Circle. Everything looks fresh and new and the room is very well appointed, it’s definitely of a decent size, considering Manhattan standard; I particularly enjoyed the Samsung LCD TV screen and DVD player. The bathroom is awesome offering both a bathtub and a separate shower, a small flat panel LCD screen located near the mirror is a touch of class; everything is state of the art. The hotel lacks of complimentary Wi-Fi access, 15 bucks will grant you internet access for 24 hours only; I definitely would have expected a free connection from a property of this standing. The hotel “signature” connection is your only option if you need to check the mail or surf the web, there’s no other ISP reachable from your room or public hotel area; thank God Starbucks’ T-Mobile connection is just across the road from the hotel entrance. I had breakfast at Asìate restaurant, the place offers an unmatched view over Central Park and Columbus Circle, we had a corner table with an awesome view over Central Park during a stunning sunshine day, the cuisine is exquisite though VERY expensive, dining with your party will cost you as your Zegna suite, but don’t worry you can always buy a new one on Fifth Avenue. The staff is exceptionally friendly. It’s an experience you definitely have to try.Finally, the hotel is conveniently positioned at upscale Columbus Circle with private access to Time Warner Center shopping and restaurants.The Mandarin Oriental New York is an oasis of tranquility and style, but everything comes at a price.	
Aug 21 2006 	Mandarin's Dirty Little Secret	Here's the dirty little secret: the hotel doesn't face the Park.Any time you are facing the Park, you are really facing the back of Trump's hotel (at least 50% of your view is of the Trump hotel). The Park stretches north to south, from 59th Street to 110th Street. I doubt you can see further north than 65th Street from any point in the entire Mandarin hotel, except maybe the roof.On the Hudson River side, the views actually are better, but the rooms are awful. The footprint of the hotel is such that all Hudson River rooms are across the hall from either the elevator, the service elevator, or the Housekeeping Closet. When I asked to change from the room opposite the elevator (literally, from my bed, I could hear people making small talk as they waited for the elevator), I was warned the other rooms were worse. This was true. I took the room opposite the Housekeeping Closet; I might as well have taken a shift, I was that close to the action. Really, is it too much to ask that for $750 a night they figure out a way to get you a room that is quiet?The Mo Bar was fine: views were fair (again, the Trump Hotel), the food was poor, the drinks were ok, and the prices were absurd.The Spa was qactually uite nice, but there are better in New York, and the prices were the most obscene I've ever encountered anywhere.Overall, I've stayed in better Mandarin hotels, and I've stayed in better hotels in New York. I was not impressed.	
Aug 17 2006	What a complete rip off!	As part of my honeymoon my new husband and I stopped at the Manderin Oriental in New York. We requested a Central Park view which if we tilted our heads and looked through the high rise buildings we could just about make out some trees. We also booked the honeymoon package where we would have champagne and strawberries in our room on arrival (no champagne or strawberries to be found) and also exclusive use of the spa VIP room including treatments. When asked when we could use this facility we were given a look of &quot;haven't you already booked your date?&quot;. It turns out the someone from the spa should have contacted us to make the booking but this hadn't happened. Luckily they were able to squeeze us in and it really was fantastic. The only bit of our stay that was. We had arranged a airport transfer with the hotel for a rather costly sum and when speaking to the concierge to arrange our transport back were we told that the payment made only took us one way, we would have to pay another $151.12 to be taken back to the airport. A total of $302.24! To rub salt in the wounds the driver told us that if we had contacted Virgin Atlantic we would have had the transfers for free. On the first night we arrived late and decided to eat in the hotel restaurant, the food was fine but very overpriced (and we left still feeling hungry). A further insult came while settling the bill. We decided to pay by cash and using the available funds on us settled the bill and left a rather moderate tip. (the service hadn't been that exciting to warrant a huge tip) The waiter took our money but then sent the restaurant manager back to ask why we had only left a 10% tip and not the usual 15-20%. To be honest I didn't think that we had been especially looked after and hadn't been swept off my feet with the service. The rooms are very overpriced and nothing to write home about. In comparision with the Hilton where you pay $90approx per night to the Oriental of $2200 per night (not including tax) the rooms aren't that different. To rip you off even more you have to pay to access the internet in your room (I would think for $2200 a night I should be able to access my emails for free).The hotel is a complete rip off, food is nothing special, the rooms are very standard, staff seem to have their minds on other things rather than looking after the guest and I would never stay there again. I contacted Manderin Oriental to explain all of the above, even filling out their post holiday questionnaire - I still haven't received a response. (perhaps the people who deal with customer complaints are busy eating my strawberries and drinking my champagne)	
Aug 2 2006 	Great Place to Stay	Just returned from our 7 days stay at the Mandarin Oriental. Let me first start with the good points.1. The Chaffeur were there and very courteous. The moment our taxi stopped at the front of the hotel, they opened the door, wished us a hearty welcome!2. Went to the 35th floor and what a great view of the skyline from the lobby.3. The turn down service was great. 4. We actually booked for twin bed deluxe room, but it wasn't available and they upgraded us to King Bed- Hudson River View room for the same rate. - I am not complaining. Had a great view room on the 53rd floor.5. The bathroom had a great view of the Hudson river. Enjoyed the Flat Panel TV both in the room as well as in the bathroom.6. Walking distance to all the attractions. Took the subway at 59th street subway right in front of the hotel to South Ferry station (15 - 20 mts.) and roamed around Financial District, Ferry to Statue of Liberty etc., No need to rent a car.7. It was HOT and HUMID and we were always provided and asked for bottled water.Now to the other aspect...The day before we departed, the trash was placed in a plastic bag and was left in the bathroom and was never picked up until we left. It could be the person who did the room cleaning forget to take the trash - but shouldn't happen in a five star hotel. Except for this one incidence, our stay was great. Btw, there are plenty of restaurants in Broadway, 7th, 8th, 6th, 5th, and at the Lincoln center (which is also at a walking distance) where you can find great food at better cheaper price.I will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 24 2006 	New York state of mind	Had hesitations about staying at the Mandarin Oriental after reading some of the lukewarm reviews. But stayed there in July for 5 nights, booked 2 Central Park suites and 2 Deluxe rooms. Our group of 8 all found the service, accommodations and the location outstanding. Stunning decor, exceptional friendly service, especially since we had a few preteens and teens in tow. Perfect location above Columbus Circle shops wth access to Whole Foods, restaurants, bakeries, book stores etc. The hotel provided complimentary full English breakfasts every day and we found the service exceptionally attentive. We have stayed at many of the top resorts in the world that have been recommended by Condé Naste, in Europe, Asia, French Polynesia etc. and we would definitely count the Mandarin Oriental as a great hotel.	
Jul 6 2006	Could be ok but isn't in the end	Stayed there for 5 nights - maybe one of the last with central park view: there's another skyscraper growing taking the sight!Room was modern and comfy, service was fivestar.A bad surprise was the airport-transportation service. The ordered Mercedes was $180, they wanted to charge $250. At checkout they told us they will clear it before booking the creditcard with the extra $70. 2 weeks later they charged the creditcard with the 70 bucks without asking! So be careful when booking with them.	
Jun 23 2006	Lovely room nice staff but security problems	I have stayed at the Mandarin in different cities many times but was particularly excited about staying at the property in New York. The staff are wonderful and this is reflected in the service from the moment you enter and woosh up to the lobby on the 35th floor. I requested a non-smoking room only to enter my room and discover that someone had obviously been smoking in the room. The staff responded immediately and relocated me to another room. The room and the amenities were wonderful. The food from in room dining was delivered on time and was exceptional as was my dining experience in the restaurant. Now onto one serious problem. Twice during my stay, someone with a key tried to get into my room. The second time, the force was so great that it literally tore the bolts off the security bar on the door. The hotel did respond and were very apologetic -- but the experience was VERY unsettling. I was compensated for the trouble but left rather shaken. I suppose this could happen in any hotel, the fact that it happened at a property that demands in excess of $700 per night for a room is really disappointing. On a positive note, the hotel acted swiftly, apologized and did all of the right things in the face of the circumstances. I was more than satisfied with how they handled the situation. I would return to this property -maybe with a body guard! -- if only for the wonderful staff -- especially bellman Robert.	
Jun 10 2006	One Night Anniversary Treat	My wife and I live in Brooklyn and for our 2nd anniversary we decided to spend a night in the city at a top hotel. We decided on the Mandarin because we have never even been to the Time Warner center and knew the Mandarin was the newest luxury hotel in the city. While the prices were way high we decided if we are going to do this lets go all out. When we booked the room there was a glitch in the pricing system and all rooms were going for $166. We decided to book right away and see if they would honor it. They did not but did offer up upgrades in class of room if we bought a standard rate. We did this and got a premiere Central Park view room for standard room price - still thats $750 for one night. We also got 20% discount on all spa activities although we had no plans on doing that.We checked in Friday at 3pm - took the elevator to the 35th floor to the elegant lobby. Our room was ready and check in was very fast. We then took the guest-only elevators (key cards required to operate) to our room on the 52 floor. The floor hallways are very tastefully done, best I have ever seen, and we proceeded to our room.The room was also very elegantly designed and felt very new. While the room was not large the bed was quite comfortable as was the large ottoman by the window. The view was great although obstructed by the Trump Hotel across the street. Still we could see most of the park and up Central Park South - quite attractive. The bathroom was big. We loved the soaking tub and the shower which has a rainshower feature where the water comes pouring out of a large multi-hole showerhead fixed in the ceiling.When I booked I informed the reservations agent it was our anniversary and the hotel delivered complimentary champagne, cake and chocolates that evening - a very thoughtful gesture that made us feel special.In the afternoon we used the pool which is nice but more for doing laps than relaxing but still there was only one person in it besides us so we enjoyed the 30 minutes we stayed.As an extra treat we saw Lance Armstrong in the elevator on our way to dinnerThe bed was very comfortable for sleeping that night.The next morning we had room service deliver breakfast. This was the only major disappointment of the stay. The eggs were watery and a glass of apple juice was $8 EACH!. We should have bought apple juice at the Duane Reade across the street and kept it for the morning. The $70 breakfast was not worth it.All in all while this was a very expensive 24 hours but as a one-time-only treat we had a great time and felt adequately pampered. Im sure there are better hotels values in NYC but I'm not sure they can all provide the same level of luxury.	
May 23 2006	Sublime Hotel	Me and my wife stayed at the Mandarin for our honeymoon in April. What can I say apart from it is fantastic. We stayed in the central park suite on the 46th floor and had a great view overlooking central park and the hudson river. For $2300 a night you would expect a slightly bigger room, but this is NY and space is limited, but we werent disappointed. I had read some reviews saying some of the rooms looked worn, but ours looked fine. It was modern with a flat screen tv is every room including the bathroom. There was plenty of wardrobe space and the bed was extremely comfortable. The service was great and the food was worth every penny. The breakfast is very expensive but I had gone for the B&amp;B option when booking which is advisable. The gym is adequate but would you want anymore while on holiday. All in all, I could not fault the Mandarin and they made our honeymoon even better espeically with touches like free champagne, cakes and chocolates.	
Apr 10 2006 	A Satisfying Experience	Being a self-made millionaire, through investments and other means, I am accustomed to fine hotels. This one was a typical classy hotel. I was attending a meeting in NYC with some investor, millionaire friends of mine and stayed at one of the most luxurious rooms here. It was spot-on. The bar was a great place to meet others who have achieved success. I give it a B+.	
Apr 7 2006	Lovely but could be better.	My husband and I stayed at the Mandarin Orient in Columbus Circle in December. The hotel is lovely. However, a few glitches decreased our satisfaction. The hotel lost our reservation but was able to accomodate us. The bath tub didn't work! A serviceman spent an hour in our room trying to fix it and never could. The hotel didn't even offer to reduce the rate or send an apologetic fruit basket. If you are a shopper, the adjacent mall is nice. I would probably not stay here again, there are too many nice hotels in NY with working tubs.	
Mar 23 2006	Fantastic Hotel!	The views of the city are dramatic, the hotel decor extremely elegant, tasteful, and peaceful. The corner room with view of the Hudson River and king bed was not huge, but well-designed and suited our needs perfectly. Opulent bathroom with tub and rain shower, only one sink. Lounge for drinks with seating reserved for hotel guests has a beautiful view of the city, as does the excellent restaurant Asiate. The staff were warm, polite, efficient, no attitude whatsoever, room service was fast. Excellent location, convenient to the theater district (10-15 minute walk, no time by cab) and directly across from Central Park, located at the brand new Time Warner center (a nice mall) on the renovated Columbus Circle. My first choice among New York hotels. Sleep with your curtains open--when you wake up at night, you get a glimpse of the galaxy of city lights and in the morning the rosy light of dawn on the east faces of the buildings and on the shore of New Jersey.	
Feb 21 2006	Great hotel with a few problems.	My wife and I are big fans of Mandarin Oriental, so naturally, we chose this for our most recent trip to NYC.The hotel itself is gorgeous, with fantastic views, decoration, furnishings, restaurant, and location. We could not have faulted anything.The corner hudson view room had great floor to ceiling views, though it was not very big. There were two flat screen TVs (one in the bathroom), and great style. Unfortunately, it looked like someone had a big party in the room right before we got there as there was a big stain right in the middle of the carpeting, and one of the TVs plastic casing was cracked/chipped. As we had already unpacked by the time we noticed this... we just let it go.The lobby is beautiful, and the food/wine at Asiate (restaurant) are first rate. Added bonus of Columbus Circle location is that you don't need to leave the building for some of the top restaurants in NYC (Per Se, Masa, etc...).In summary, a very luxurious and stylish hotel, with good service and fine food. I assume that all the other rooms were in much better shape than ours, as this is a relatively new hotel.Obviously, it is extremely expensive, but for the most part, worth the money.	
Feb 20 2006	Blizzard of 2006!	We stayed at the hotel for 7 nights for the special of $500 a night in a room on the 49th floor, we were there for the record breaking snow fall of 26.9 inches of snow and it was fantastic!! Central Park was right across the street and everyone was in a fun loving,snow ball fight kind of mood. We asked if there were any upgrades avaliable however the hotel was booked solid, please take advantage of the one time free &quot;Welcome coffee service&quot; in your room as you arrive. Everymorning you can walk to Starbucks right across the street for your java OR enter the Time warner building which is connected to the Mandarin and stop in at the Borders books/Dean and Deluca for coffee and great big doughnuts from the Doughnut plant or Choc and almond Croissants from Balthazar's bakery.The fitness room is great and there is no extra fee attached to use the room.The restaurant and bar area have amazing views!! In the bar area they serve light lunches, brk and afternoon tea. Drinks will run you at least $17 each, bar menu looked great as well with mini burgers and a bento box.We did eat dinner once at the restaurant, food was very good, not exceptional but the view was outstanding!The staff and service was great, never snobby or pretencious. There is a house car avaliable on a first come basis that will take you up to a mile from the hotel.We did see 2 celebrities, couldn't miss one of them she was wearing a bright red coat on Valentines day.Each night you recieve 2 bottles of Fuji water ,chocolates, and two small fruits like plums or dates with turn down service.DO check your hotel bill when checking out there were 2 overbills of dinner bills charged to our room which were not ours adding up to $300.00.Great memories indeed!!	
Jan 30 2006	Best Ever	I stayed here for my 21st birthday for 4 nights and it was the best ever! At check-in we got a room upgrade to a corner room on the top floor over looking the Hudson River - amazing! I also arrived to a lovely little cake and small bottle of champagne which was great!I have stayed in New York before but this just exceeded my expectations. Would definately stay there next time I visit.Beautiful hotel, excellent room views and great location. What more could you want!!	
Jan 13 2006	Luxuriousexquisitespolit me for life!	We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental at the end of June for 2 nights to celebrate my husband's 40th.The hotel is without doubt the most amazingly beautiful hotel that I have stayed in and will take some beating. I can't believe it's ranked so low! From the outside it's a breathtaking shiny tower and inside well... even better. The lift whisks you up to reception and the lobby with the most amazing central park views. We had a Central Park view room which although quite small was the height of luxury. The bed was quite the most luxurious and comfortable bed to stay awake half the night with jet lag in! The bathroom was beautiful with the most amazing dinner plate sized shower head - I was actually giggling at the sheer deliciousness of this place whilst showering! The whole hotel is an amazing blend of East meets West and the spa is a great example of this.It is styled in a beautiful Oriental way and yet with every turn of the head there are amazing views of the Manhattan skyline.Finally - for the best burgers you'll ever taste go to the lobby of the Parker Meridian hotel and behind the curtain is an authentic burger joint!	
Jan 12 2006	Brilliant Hotel expensive but great - the spa might not suit you though	This is a great hotel, the best I have ever stayed in, the rooms are finished to a very high standard and have everything you could ever need and a few things you don't - but here is one thing I wished I had known before I went. The hotel partly sells itself on its spa, which is one of the best in New York I think. When I booked I presumed that guests of the hotel could use the spa, ie the fancy showers and steam room etc - but when we arrived I found that you cannot use the spa unless you have a treatment, such a massage or facial etc which costs a minimum of $190 per person. However - if they are not busy in the spa a hotel guest can use the facilities at a cost of $50 per person. Not too bad. But all the facilities are separate for men and women, so if you are going with a husband or boyfriend, you won't be able to go in together. They should make all this clear on their website - but they don't.I wouldn't have rejected this hotel if I had known all this but it helps to be informed. I was disappointed that I couldn't use the spa with my husband and that I had to pay extra.However, all is not lost, if you don't want or can't afford a treatment, you can use the hotel pool and fitness centre, which are separate from the spa. The pool is lovely with views over the river and long too, 25 meters. There is a very small sauna in each of the male and female changing rooms.The bar at the reception is lovely, with a view over columbus circle and central park.After all my moaning, I'd go again!	
Jan 10 2006	Very expensive very nice	My husband and I stayed at the Mandarin for four days in early December. We found the hotel to be well-located, the staff kind and efficient, the decor pleasing, and the views spectacular. Yes, it was expensive, even outrageously expensive, but we've paid nearly as much elsewhere and not received the same value for the dollar spent. Our room, while not large, was immaculate and very comfortable. The view out the window was amazing and better yet, we heard absolutely no noise from outside. We thought it was a nice touch that the maitre d' in the lounge reserves tables for hotel guests so that even if the bar is packed, there's a table waiting for you. The air is a bit thick with the smell of money and celebrities (we saw Bono there) but we felt we were being treated just as well. I wished we could have stayed longer, and I would definitely go back. The Mandarin came to feel very much like home during the time we were there.	
Jan 7 2006	Well worth the expense!	Having been a regular at the Plaza, NYC on previous visits to the Big Apple, I was keen to find a hotel that would live up to our always high expectations. I was recommended the MOH by a friend and booked two rooms directly with the hotel. I later discovered the somehwat mixed reviews on this site and had even thought that it might have been an idea to cancel and stay at another hotel. However my worries were unfounded and I can report our stay to have been outstanding in every way. We were staying for five nights (at $700 per room per night) and were upgraded to central park suites on the 54th floor (highest floor available). Although maybe not the largest rooms in NYC the views were breathtaking and resulted in us sleeping with the curtains open just to admire the once in a lifetime views. The staff are a credit to the company and the concierge was able to obtain great seats to the Fiddler on the Roof at 24 hours notice and excellent dinner reservations at Cipriani. Each morning every single staff member greeted us with a smile and a good morning welcome. The rooms were always kept well stocked and clean. We ate at Asiate (twice), and althought the food is not maybe the best in the world it is excellent and well worth a go if only for the views. The bar, although small, mixes a great cocktail and is a great place to people watch.All in all I cannot rate this hotel highly enough and it will take alot for it to be beaten in my mind.	
Jan 4 2006	Loved everything about the Mandarin except the outrageous price!	I would love to write a glowing, wonderful review of the Mandarin, except I cannot. I can praise the location, which cannot be beat. I was able to walk to the park, midtown, upper east side and upper west side. Especially the easy access to the shopping in the Time Warner Bldg. The hotel is spectacular. Our room was spacious and luxurious. I loved the plasma TV in the bathroom, and our view of the Hudson River from the 40th floor was gorgeous. The bed was so comfortable and the room was immaculate. Check-in was quick and easy, as was check-out. We always had a taxi waiting outside for us if we needed it.My problem is the price. I paid about $600 per night and basically got a great room, with a great view, at a great location. For that kind of money, I expect a little extra in terms of service. For that price, I would like a conceirge lounge with beverages and light snacks. I would also like to make a massage appointment that does not cost $280 for a 1 hour massage! Room service would have been nice, but pancakes and coffee for $50 per person? I am not a stranger to luxury hotels, nor am I a stranger to the NY area. I have stayed at other Mandarins, Ritz-Carltons and Four Season's, and I lived in NY for 20 years, but these prices even shocked me! If you have the money to burn, this is the place to stay, otherwise, you may want to read some other reviews, before making a reservation.	
Dec 27 2005	Good Views Bad Service	Stayed in one of the Central Park Suites....The suite did not have much space for the price, don't get me wrong it was not small, but for $2,100 a night, I expected a larger living room and bathroom. Room service takes forever as does check-in.. Also the hotel charged me twice for room service, had to get it taken off my credit card..Next time I think we will stay at the Ritz-Carlton on Central Park South.	
Dec 9 2005	Service was ok but disgusting room	This was our 3rd stay a t the Mandarin Oriental and we could not believe the condition of the rooms, the sofa chairs and cushion covers within our room where so dirty and stained you would have thought they had been dragged through the park. The sofas where changed after we complained but they should never allow a room to be occupied in this condition. The staff at the hotel we polite and always friendly, but they have real maintenance issues which need to be resolved quickly.	
Dec 8 2005 	A Disgrace to the name Mandarin Oriental	This hotel does not belong in the Mandarin Oriental Group.The rooms may be beautiful but one needs more from a hotel.The service is a disgrace. The management are totallly disinterested and disingenuous. Letters are simply ignored.Beware on prices this hotel has so many different rates for the same category accommodation even the staff do not know what to charge!It would be a disaster to stay here. In a city filled with top class hotels you do not need to go here.	
Dec 2 2005	Service was horrible	Stay away from this Hotel.VERY BAD service - Don't mind paying $1200 for a room but expect a level of service for that rate.Waiting 15 min outside the airport for the car from the hotel to arrive.Breakfast from room service arriving without cutlery - food cold when it did arrive.Next morning - room service over one hour tweenty minutes to arrive.Not what I would expect from Mandarin Oriental.	
Nov 21 2005	Mandarin Oriental - Absolutely Perfect!!!!!!	What can I say?? Everything at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in New York was perfect - the staff was so accommodating, helpful and courteous. The room was beautiful - the hotel lobby bar marvelous!!! I did not want to go home. I cannot wait to stay there again.	
Nov 12 2005	Stay away from the spa	I booked two rooms for myself and three of my girlfriends over a weekend. I asked for early check-ins but received one regular check-in and one very late check-in (4:30 pm). The rooms were fine but had obstructed views (Hudson River) even though I booked higher elevation rooms for a better view. The room was quite small as was the bathroom in comparison to the Four Seasons New York. We all had massages in their spa which was a very disappointing experience. The masseuse was late, there was no tour, overhead music problems, and no bed available for the rest area following the massage (and I spent over $1300 for the massages). The massage which lasted two hours was alright but not great. I would save my money and stay somewhere else or opt for the Four Seasons New York.	
Nov 8 2005 	Confirmed: Top pick	Stayed for the second time within a 2 months time frame. This time, I booked a standard room. Upon arriving, was welcomed very heartly and got a better room, at the 54th level. The view of the Hudson River out of my bath tub was amazing.Breakfast was fresh and tasty, the pool is a must see/must do. The bed is heavenly, the entertainment system in the room is unique. Turn down service is great with little attentions like cards with wise words on them. But also cookies and a big bottle of Fiji water. The concierge services are top.Last time I was in the elevator with William Shatner, this time in front was P. Daddy. Once again, a 9.5/10 and if you can book a promotional rate or package, go for it.	
Nov 5 2005	beautiful hotel!!!	We stayed 4 nights at the Mandarin in a Grand Deluxe Room, the room was just beautiful and the view spectacular. The highlight was the Rain Shower, it will put you right to sleep at night. The bath tub was also a delight with a view window from the room as well and the beds are so soooo comfortable. We ordered room service our first night and it was quite yummy. My friend mentioned it was her birthday and that day we had the most amazing cake sent up to the room. Service was over the top and we did have a couple of Celebrity sightings getting on the elevators. The lobby is to die for, make sure you go and have a night cap in the lobby bar.I am already planning for might return trip in June next year.	
Oct 10 2005 	Great location small room not great value	A great location, good service (through not up to the normally high standards of other Mandarin Oriental hotels), Very small room for the price (though well laid out- Room fine for one person would have been too small for two and was supposedly an executive suite?) Felt the room was too expencive for what it was Much better values elsewhere in New York. Would only stay here again if I needed to be close to Lincoln Center and was on a tight schedule	
Sep 25 2005	On The "Value for the money" Scale The WORST Hotel I Ever Stayed In	I see myself as a high end guest, having stayed in Four Seasons, Ritz-Carltons, and other top properties worldwide. Some (but obviously not all) hotels will charge $400 - $500 and up because they offer an exceptional setting, environment, service level, or something else that makes them a cut above the rest. If you see yourself ready to spend $500+ a night for a transcendental experience at the the Mandarin Oriental New York, I have one word for you: &quot;PASS!&quot; My Central Park &quot;view&quot; room, including the ludicrous local taxes that added $100+ a night, was $800! For this I got a spectactular view of.... the Trump monstrosity across the street. This hotel stay was easily the worst - and OK, the stupidest - hotel decision I ever made. The rooms are expensively furnished, but not enough so to justify the price. The windows don't open. A chicken sandwich from room service with a soda will cost you $39. Sure, you have convenient access to the mall and the Whole Foods downstairs, but why not stay a half a block away on Central Park South for HALF the money? We moved out early, and went to the &quot;W&quot; on Park Avenue near Union Square, and had a lovely and HUGE room in a wonderul area (near the Village, SoHo, TriBeCa) for about half what we paid at the Mandarin. The Mandarin in my view is strictly for business people on an expense account, which, come to think about it, appears to be the demographic of the guests anyway. This was a &quot;once n a lifetime&quot; splurge to be sure, because I guarantee I am never coming back unless someone pays me to stay.	
Sep 13 2005	Excellent honeymoon destination	We recently travelled to New York for the third time and stayed at the Mandarin Oriental. As this was our honeymoon we wanted something really special and the hotel did not dissapoint us.We ordered a car to take us to and from the airport - both drivers were extremely courteous and helpful. However we were quite surprpised that not only had we been overcharged on the price we had been quoted from the Mandarin Orientals website but we had also been charged an extra fee for 'waiting time' after we had gotten of the plane. As the car was $300 already, to be charged an extra $50 was quite a shock. We admit that it took an hour and a half to clear immigration (not our fault) and were willing to pay some extra charge however it appeared that we were expected to be at the car the second our flight had landed as thats when the over charging began! They did not even give us any time at all to clear immigration. After some complaining, the hotel did stick to the original quote but were not willing to budge on the waiting time and we ended up paying waiting time from the moment our flight landed! This was the only thing with potential to spoil the holiday.We had booked a premier corner hudson river view room as we had been told that some park views were obscured. The room was lovely, bright and clean, the view excellent - on the 52nd floor. The bed was the most comfortable we had ever slept in!The staff were friendly and courteous at all times and made our stay a very pleasant one. The turn down service was good and the flowers and proverbs left on our pillow were a nice touch - as were the biscuits and water!The views from the Lobby Lounge were excellent and we spent many an hour relaxing with great views. Service here was great. We did not eat in Asiete despite being charged three times for someone else's meal - however this was easily resolved with a telephone call.The pool was also lovely however with only four loungers a little on the small side. The TVs in all the machines in the gym make exercising a lot easier!The hotel is very expensive - drinks in particular as well as some of the food for what it was but we had a brilliant time - and as it was our honeymoon we were willing to pay these kinds of prices.All in all we felt pampered, happy and not at all patronised. We were very sad to leave the luxury and stunning views.We loved the Mandarin Oriental so much that we are now looking to try the one in Bermuda next year!	
Sep 1 2005	An Oasis In Manhattan	The hotel occupies the upper floors at the Time Warner center and has stunning views of the city and New Jersey. The location is a short walk from Lincoln Center, boutique shopping on Madison Avenue, and Broadway theater. We booked a corner suite with living room views of Central Park and bedroom views of both the park and hudson river. The room was absolutely perfect. Mandarin has installed flat screen, HD TV's with HD programing in each room and they are a treat. Floor to ceiling glass walls in both rooms make for incredible views. The restaurant is wonderful and has stunning central park views that soak in the morning sun. I can't think of a better place to have a leisurely breakfast. The lobby lounge can become crowded and is a bit too small to handle the demand so patrons overflow into a cramped, uncomfortable bar area during peak pre-theater hours. The bar is one of the few missteps and drinks are outrageously expensive, even by Manhattan hotel standards. On crowded evenings, the staff limits seating in the lounge to registered guests only, but there is still an occasional waiting list. The spa may be Manhattan's best (but book ahead) and the large lap pool is not to be missed. It's as if you are swiming along the Hudson. I've stayed at top hotels around the globe, many in New York, and this property is among the best.	
Sep 1 2005	Nice views absurd prices	Unfortunately, as it develops its brand, Mandarin Oriental doesn't seem able to produce hotels that come anywhere near the charm of the original Oriental in Bangkok. Their New York hotel is a case in point. Arriving, no one bothered to accompany us to the lifts that go to reception on the 35th floor and we weren't escorted to our room either. Worst of all, this place is very, very noisy, with awful vibrating sounds coming from the lifts and party noise from other rooms and reception areas. Staff have a nose-in-the-air attitude and prices for all services are too high even by New York standards. With hotels like the Caryle and the Four Seasons to chose from, this place had better pull up its socks.	
Aug 28 2005	A bit too stuffy for us	My sister and I stayed here for one night and a half day of spa services. We were looking forward to our stay at MO, since we have heard so many great things about the spa and hotel. We went with the AMEX platinum card and breakfast and lunch were included in our stay. We were also told that we would have an upgrade if one was available, but it wasn't.Checking in was swift and we were asked if we wanted tea to our room, which we obliged (However, tea never arrived, and we had to call to remind them hours later about it).Upon entering our room we had two single beds and a corner room away from elevators, exactly what we asked for (we told them that we were noise sensitive). The view was breathless. Nice view of river and NYC. However, we quickly noticed that the hotel room across the hall from us was under construction and they were using a table saw which was deafening. We quickly called the front desk to try to rectify the situation, and unfortunately received unprofessional responses. Basically the woman at the front desk said according to her computer there is no construction across the hall from us, so I held up the phone and asked if she could hear the saw that was blaring and she said &quot;no&quot;. I felt as if she were calling me a liar. In any event, she said there were &quot;no rooms to move us to&quot; and we needed to &quot;wait 20 minutes, if it doesn't stop, then call us back&quot;. I thought this was awful customer service for a hotel that is charging me $549 a night. We waited over 40 minutes, the saw did not stop, so we called again, this time we were a bit more aggressive, and a manager came up and &quot;investigated&quot; and made them stop. We then went to lunch at the lounge before the spa, it was pleasant. Service prompt and professional. Food was good. The highlight of our trip was the spa. It was an event that I will remember for a long time. The steam and whirlpool they offer before and after your treatments were divine. Towels, water, lavender infused cold towels and fresh flowers were everywhere. Meticulously clean. We had a general Swedish Massage and Shirodhara (oil and scalp massage). It was very nice. Relaxation room with private beds after treatments, with tea were heavenly. We went back into the steam before we left just because it was that amazing (generally I am not one for a steam room, but this was over the top!).After treatments, we decided to grab food at the Whole Foods market and call it an early night in the room with a movie. Great selection of foods there and a LOT less expensive! They came for turn down service after 10pm which I thought was too late for that service, but hey, its NY, and who is in bed at 10pm on a Friday night except us?Breakfast the next morning was good. Service again, very professional. However, upon returning to the room after breakfast, the infamous &quot;table saw&quot; was in full gear across the hall. Oh well.Overall, the Mandarin Oriental in MY opinion is a place to see and be seen. We had several celebrity sightings while there, and although our bill for one night with spa services came to over $1800, we couldn't help but to feel like staff and management viewed us as &quot; the common folk&quot;. Even though the hotel and spa were wonderful, we were never made feel truly &quot;welcomed and pampered&quot;. It always felt just a tad too stuffy for us. I think from now on we will stay with our usual addresses like Four Seasons and Ritz-Carlton.	
Aug 11 2005	Left early....	I was very excited to stay at the Mandarin Oriental. I was looking forward to staying somewhere (anywhere!!) besides the Four Seasons on 57th which is our usual home in NYC, and I was hoping that we'd spend more time in the park given the location. We requested a one bedroom suite with a view of Central Park. There are probably some great things about the MO but the negatives led us to check out after our first evening.The good:Location! Across the street from the park, and above a shopping complex. I was very excited that the Whole Foods market was underneath us...just in case we needed something. Unfortunately, since we left the hotel early, I didn't get to check out the shopping.I also liked the Chihuly glass sculpture and paintings in the hotel lobby.Staff was great. And, I loved that they brought hot tea to our room after our arrival and had a beautiful assortment of cookies, fruit, and chocolate welcoming us to our room.Gift books, reading glasses, lap blankets, chaise lounge in the bedroom...there were many wonderful and thoughtful touches in the suite.The bad:The room. It was small and cold. Yes, it was a one bedroom suite, but it was not at all spacious. It felt like a long rectangular space with partitian walls dividing the bath from the bedroom and the bedroom from the living room. The &quot;look&quot; of the room and the furniture was fantastic. Straight out of Metropolitan Home. But, on closer inspection everything was very cheaply made, and the furniture was insubstantial and uncomfortable. The club chairs were so light that I (120 lbs) could slide one back simply by sitting down. The bathroom cabinetry was also poorly made, and the interiors of the cabinets were unfinished (exposed unpainted drywall). It was worse than a cheap track home. I don't make a habit of acting like a building inspector, but I was in the cabinets looking for a place to store my things. Did I mention there was little closet space? My clothes took most of the closet space....my husband never did get unpacked.The overall feeling in the room was cold, in part because of the wood floors with area rugs. Since there was little area, the rugs were under the furniture, so we were always walking on a cold floor.Great plasma TV, but the movie channel or the TV was not operating properly. The picture repeatedly disappeared for 5-10 minutes at a time leaving only the sound. Not good for &quot;watching&quot; a movie about dancing! No one could help, although someone tried to....right away. They didn't charge for the movie.The food. We ended up eating dinner at the lounge that evening after getting settled in the room. It was a little too dark for dinner, and the service was weak. Some of the menu items were great, others poor. I realized that I was trying too hard to enjoy the meal as my husband was obviously having trouble warming to this hotel.The next morning we packed up and went back to the Four Seasons. For the same price we returned to our one bedroom suite there, that in comparison to the suite at the Mandarin Oriental, is more like a house. Hallways leading to the various rooms, &quot;real&quot; furniture, wall to wall carpet, a phenomenal master bath (nothing unfinished about these rooms!) At the Four Seasons suite, everything feels as good as it looks.I would never even try to stay at the MO again. I have no idea how the other rooms compare, but the deluxe, one bedroom suite was not worth the money, nor did it compare to the luxury of the Four Seasons.	
Jul 8 2005	Great Hotel Great Location	We just recently stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for three nights. My best advice is to book as far in advance as possible to secure a decent rate. I got a Hudson View Room on the 38th floor for 429.00 per night and it was a great value. The room was small but the amenities and ambiance made up for it. The bathroom was fantastic with the rainshower shower a real treat. The shower was one of the largest I have ever seen. Above all the hotel was very quiet and spotlessly clean. I will only stay at this hotel in New York in the future. The lobby is very nice with the wonderful views of Central Park. Staff were very professional and unobtrusive.	
Jul 4 2005	Loved this place	I love this place. Will go back again. It beats the Trump Intl Hotel and Tower around the corner where the 'rents usually stayed in years past.	
May 27 2005 	Simply the best...	While on business in New York, I had the distinct pleasure of staying at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel New York. After one of my greatest hotel experiences, I only hope that in the near future I will be able to grace the hotel once again. I arrived at 10PM, very tired after a long flight, and the entire hotel staff was gracious and helpful, getting me up to my room, with a quick tour of the room and a reassurance that if I needed anything, the front desk was only a call away, I gladly went to sleep. I didn’t get much of a chance to explore the city itself, but the view from my room gave me a glimpse of what the city has to offer.I even got a chance to try out the spa. Situated on the 35th floor of the hotel, the views were simply breathtaking. The treatments were both relaxing and rejuvenating.I definitely recommend the Mandarin Oriental! Although I only stayed for 3 days, the experience was certainly worth it.	
May 13 2005	Magical Mandarin	The street level entrance does not prepare you for the sight you experience when you reach the small but spectacular lobby with views over Central Park.Choose a room on the highest floor you can get; you will be rewarded with breathtaking views over the Park, City or Hudson. We stayed in a Hudson Deluxe River View Room; the room is beautifully appointed but at 450 square feet is small in comparison with rooms at a similar price ($800) in , say, the Ritz Carlton or the Four Seasons.The bathroom, overlooking the River , is rather lovely.Breakfast in Asiate was a treat. Choose the Mandarin for the charm of the staff and the bedroom decor but above all for the magical views in every direction.The trilogy of the Ritz Carlton, Four Seasons and Mandarin Oriental ; who needs a better excuse to visit NYC?	
May 9 2005	Fantastic!!	Absolutly fantastic hotel in perfect location,we stayed in a Deluxe Hudson River view on the 47 floor with view overlooking the west of Manhattan and Hudson River.We stayed for 4 nights and enjoyed every minute of our stay.The rooms are huge and the bathrooms amazing,huge marble shower with rainforest shower head certainly wakes you up in the morning.We used the gym and pool which were great and The Lobby Lounge is a great place for drinks and food with the most amazing view of Central Park.All the staff were very friendly and we can't wait to stay there again.	
May 1 2005	loved it all	We just returned, and I loved this hotel. We had a room on the 50th floor, excellent view. They brought us complimentary tea. We loved the gym and lap pool. The food and service were great. Since the hotel is next door to the Time Warner shops, we went to Whole Foods for more great food. The hotel supplies you with Fiji water everywhere. Nice because those annoying mini bars are so expensive for water. This was the first time I ever stayed in NYC and could not hear the traffic below..Would return again.	
Apr 15 2005	Can’t wait to return	What a fantastic hotel. We had a Central Park View Suite and a connecting Double Room to accommodate our family. We were afforded rooms on the 54th floor with spectacular views over Central Park and Broadway looking to towards Times Square.From the moment we arrived all staff went out of their way to accommodate our needs, the hotel worked well with our two children. Upon entering our room gifts were waiting on the children’s beds. Along with child friendly toiletries, child bath robes and slippers We used the hotel restaurant for breakfast each day during our stay and the service was exceptional along with the quality of the food. We also had a complementary lunch as part of our package which was as equally as good.The concierge team are fantastic; they were able to accommodate every request we had.In summary the hotel offers discreet, attentive service whilst anticipating your needs.Mandarin Oriental is now one of New York’s finest and most expensive hotels after a shaky bedding in period.	
Apr 14 2005	Great Hotel	I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental over the Easter weekend in a Grand Double Deluxe on the 53rd floor. Unlike some reviewers I thought that the room was big and mine had great views down the Hudson river. The bathroom was huge and well equipped, unlike some of the smaller bathrooms you find in older hotels. There was a large walk in wardrobe with more that sufficient room to store suitcases. I found all of the staff to be extremely welcoming, courteous and helpful. The views from Asiate are exceptional and the perfect way to start a New York morning, and the breakfast options were extensive and filling. The hotel's location in the Time Warner Centre is a bonus as there are a number of really good restaurants there. I ate in the V Steakhouse - and enjoyed a really good meal with good service. I suppose that the hotel is expensive - but no more so than any equivalent 5* hotel which provides a similar level of luxury care. It's certainly on my shortlist of hotels to stay in whenever I go back to NYC.	
Feb 24 2005	Small room great view.	Small room, great view. I had a deluxe double with a fabulous view of theHudson river. The room was nicely furnished, but quite small. In fact thebathroom door didn't shut because the chest of drawers blocked it. The room was nicely kitted out and the sheets divine. Even the bath had a view. But I was surprised by the lack of toiletries provided. This is not a 5 star hotel experience. The restaurant, Asiate, is lovely, but I had a meal so bad I sent it back (they did not charge me full price at least). I had reserved at this hotel to be near The Gates and did have a nice view of the Park from the Lobby Lounge and Asiate (not my room).	
Feb 8 2005	fabulous hotel fantastic staff	Perfect location, fabulous decor, friendly staff. Went to the spa and was pampered. Lunch at Asiate was excellent. Book a river view room for excellent views. Bathrooms are super luxurious. Highly recommend. I would definitely stay there again!!!	
Jan 24 2005	wonderful experience	My husband and I stayed at the Mandarin the weekend of the of the 15th. The room on the 51st floor was beautiful with a great view of central park/yes the trump bldg was in the middle of the view, butit was still beautiful. Our room was spacious and decorated very nice, the bathroom was excellent, all marble with a deep tub and large shower. We loved the flat screen tv's in the bath and bedroom. The robes were plush and I loved the smell of the bath salts they put in the room. We had drinks in the lounge and brunch in the restaurant. Everyone was most attenive, friendly and helpful. The waiter in the lounge even took time to tell us about all the surrounding buildings and their history, it was very interesting. In the restaurant they gave us a cabana seat which was very private and romantic. The food was excellent. We had room service for breakfast and champagen and strawberries delivered to the room, both were great. I wish we would have had time to try the spa, maybe next time. Now for the only down side. Some of the picing I felt was over the top, the champagne and strawberries were $155, a hamburger was $26. One of the great things about this hotel is it is adjacent to a wonderful shopping area, you do not even have to go outside. In the basement of the shopping center is Great Foods a wonderful grocery store where we bought the same champagne for $35 and a Godiva shop where we bought more chocalate dipped strawberries for $20. I am not complaining, but if you are on a budget you may want to consider this. We went to see Beauty and the Beast which was a wonderful play, took a carriage ride in central park, had drinks at tavern on the green and had a wonderful time. I can not imagine staying any other place, you feel special here and the staff is wonderful, I plan on going back!	
Jan 24 2005	Wonderful suites	We stayed in a suite on the 53rd floor and had views over the Hudson and of Central Park.Upon our arrival we were treated extremely well, and I agree with a previous writer that the Concierge are fantastic.We had a champagne reception for 23 guests in the Lobby lounge on the day of our wedding and were given our our &quot;private&quot; area for our guests to mingle, and the use of the foyer for numerous photo'sFrom start to finish we were taken aback by the way we were treated and will definitely return.If you have the money we highly recommend the hotel.	
Jan 13 2005	Great views	We stayed one night at the hotel, the room was small and we had payed extra for a park view. On checking in we where shown to a partial park view and had to argue with the check in desk to be moves(not a good start). It turns out that all park views are mostly parital views and an expensive option to go for. Room service breakfast was good but small in portions we had the continental and by NY standards it left us hungry.Lunch at Asiate was nice and the food tasty. The hotels best service had to be the concierge they bend over backwards and really do all they can. Spa was nice but expensive.We will stay again but go for a suite as we where fed up of tripping over out cases in the room to quote &quot;not enough room to swing a cat&quot;!!!	
Jan 10 2005	Good with kids	Just spent weekend at Mandarin with 2 children: 5 and 8. The hotel worked well for a luxury property and children. They gave children wonderful welcome gifts. The kids loved the views. The indoor pool was a big plus. Also important was that the hotel is connected to the New Time Warner Center and in inclement weather, could stay inside and visit Borders book store and even better, get food and snacks from the Whole Foods store inside. The staff always said hello to the boys by name and always asked them for a high five which they loved. Also, the kids said the chicken fingers were the best.As for adults, lovely, nice food and great views.Very pleased.	
Jan 2 2005	Nice but not worth the price	As many other reviewers have commented, my wife and I felt the MO was nice - but not worth the price. We stayed in a &quot;Premier Park View Room,&quot; on the 46th floor for 3 nights over New Year's Eve. Upon walking in the room, the first thing you notice is the gigantic, black Trump Tower that filled 30-40% of the &quot;park view!&quot; The bellman dropped that when the MO opened, Trump hung a banner on his hotel goading guests with a better view -- not surprising.The room was spacious and well equipped. The bed was super comfortable, in the same class as the Heavenly bed at the Westin and W hotels. The electronics (TV, stereo, etc.) were mediocre and had to be rebooted several times during our stay when the TV wouldn't turn on, change channels, etc. A modern Tivo and other components would do a much better job. The bathroom was large and very nice, but only had one sink. Although we were offered tea at check-in, we ordered coffee when we got into the room. The bill was $26 for a small pot!We spent a half-day in the MO Spa, which was fantastic. The VIP room has a private shower, soaking tub, bathroom, day bed and massage tables. The spa service was second to none, and like the hotel, expensive.On NYE, we enjoyed dinner at Asiate, the hotel's restaurant. The initial service was a little slow but picked up through the meal. The food itself was good, not spectacular. The hotel's lounge offers great views of the park and Columbus Circle (they also suffer from being blocked by Trump Tower).Overall, the MO New York doesn't compare well to other 5-star hotels I've been fortunate enough to stay at. They need to sort out the in room electronics and come back down to reality on food and room pricing (to be fair, compared to other NYC hotels we ate at, they are close). The hotel staff from the bellman, to the front desk, to the concierge were courteous throughout our entire stay.	
Dec 7 2004	All Staff Were Excellent	What can I say. We stayed and the staff did absolutely everything I would have hoped for and more tomake our stay memorable.Little extras thrown in here and there, a room upgrade, smiles and a friendly helpful attitude throughout. Truely first class, professional service.Agree with some comments I have read about the doorman, or lack there of, but honestly a very small thing.I think some of the other reviews say more about the attitide of the reviewers than they do about the hotel.Loved the hotel, the decor, the view, the staff (and I mean all of them). Oh, and the food and room service was also first class.	
Nov 28 2004	**A Diamond In The Rough**	Just spent the weekend at the Mandarin Oriental, and I must say that by most standards, this was the most superb hotel I have ever had the pleasure of visiting. We found the hotel public spaces and room to be an architectural and interior design masterpiece. The designers did a wonderful job of melding the understated, elegant, peaceful asian atmosphere of MO with the vibrant exuberance of NYC. It seemed as if wherever we stood within the hotel, we were treated to the most spectacular views of NYC I have ever seen. Its location within the brand new Time Warner Center is sublime. It gives a whole new dimension to Columbus Circle and the scale and exterior design of the place is awe-inspiring.Upon arrival, we were upgraded to a Premier Hudson View Room, and what a room it was. Beautiful and plush with every amenity imaginable. It was a corner room with sweeping views of the river and city from every vantage point. We could lie in bed and have a perfect view of the Empire State Building directly in front of us. Amenities included plasma TV, DVD CD comprehensive entertainment system with surround sound, deep soaking tub with another great view, separate marble shower with huge rain shower head, minibar with great selection of beverages and Dean &amp; DeLuca goodies, luxe bedding and feather pillows, robes, slippers, Fiji water and fresh flowers at turn down etc.We also had the pleasure of visiting the hotel spa. This was by far the best spa experience I have ever had. Again, the place is beautiful and refined. We were advised to arrive 45 mins early to use the &quot;heat and water experience&quot; which consists of beautiful, separate whirlpool, sauna/steam bath areas for men and women. Then a rest in the co-ed tea lounge and you're off to your treatment. By the time I got to my massage, I was already so relaxed that the transition was seamless. Afterwards, I was escorted to the relaxation room which is yet another exquisite area with daybeds, fountain, refreshments and more spectacular views of NYC.While the young staff was very friendly and tried very hard, I give the hotel less than five stars right now because of some of the gliches they are still having with service. Examples are, waited 40 mins. for our bags to be brought to our room upon check in (called several times and my husband finally had to go down and find them), room service a little slow (however the food was delicious), difficulty getting room service trays removed, turn down service on second night was very late (we were already in bed), minor difficulties with entertainment center that had to be reset on the second day. This and the fact that everything is EXHORBITANTLY expensive keep me from giving this hotel the highest mark. However, given the fact that it is still relatively new and working out the bugs, I am willing to give MO a little more time to become 5 star.Overall, a wonderful (albeit not cheap) hotel experience for any hotel snob.	
Nov 23 2004	Very nice but pricey	I just came back from spending 2 nights at the Mandarin Oriental. I only stayed there because it was a last minute trip and there weren't any other 5 star hotels with a decent price. So I decided to splurge and stay at the Mandarin. When the doorman was present, they always opened the door and greeted me everytime. Most of the staff were friendly and always acknowledge me. I only had breakfast at the hotel and the waiter was pretty nice. I had a room with a Central Park and the city view. The only thing that was not so nice was that the Trump Tower was front of it. The room and the bathroom was a decent size and I really enjoyed having the plasma TV in the room and in the bathroom as well. All my room service and turn down service was down on time. I would like to stay here again but the price is just way above most of 5 star hotel in the area.	
Sep 15 2004	Read this review- *4 star at best*	All the previous comments are fairly acurate. I believe the reason for the flux in reviews is that the hotel is new, still getting adjusted, although it’s been operational almost a year. I stayed twice, once in the opening, and my stay this time has improved slightly. There is no one way to go about having a perfect stay at this hotel, because the staff's attitude varies with great degree. Melissa at the concierge desk is an exception, her service is what it should be, warm and efficient. Lobby service is so-so, if you compare it to the breakfast service in Asiate, which is a bomb. Their is a simple lack of communication between managers that I witnessed in both these areas. The bar has a desirable vibe, overpriced drinks as one would expect. Spa is awesome, although overpriced. I know this is NY, but please, $240 for a massage, contribute to inflation a little more please... My next comment would be about the rooms themselves. I received a significant discount on my room, over $1,000-because I pointed out a list on departure-of things that were not meeting my price point. The windows in the rooms do not substitute for the lack of sq. ft. in the room. I ordered room service one night, and the server couldn't even fit the cart of food into the room (the corner of the bed prevented it). Who designed this room I wondered? The bathrooms are among the best I've seen, Mercer being the best in my opinion. Final thought: No need to pay the outrageous published rates, I called this hotel a dozen times, spoke with 5 different people, including Lara who is a manager, and found them guilty in not offering the lowest available rate, when I asked them. This is not a good practice, and Mandarin needs to understand their clients, like me, who don't have time to spend arguing about little negative incidental happenings that come up as a result of under-educating staff, and lack of a clear vision about what a 5-star, 6-star hotel should be in NYC...keep wishing Mandarin, you don't deserve it, at least not yet.	
Sep 6 2004	Agree much improved.	We returned to the MO NY this past weekend for a last minute getaway and were quite impressed. We were there soon after opening and agree with prior reviews about the dismal state of the service then. This seems to be mostly taken care of, with a few notable exceptions. The service is still not on par with some similar hotels. For instance, at the Four Seasons SF they always know our names by the time we get to the reception desk and everyone miraculously calls us by name throughout the stay. When my partner returns from runs at the FS SF or Ritz Phili, the doorman will have water and a towel waiting. Service is simply less personal than I would like at the MO. That being said, everyone was very warm and friendly. We booked our room through Platinum Travel (though not the FH&amp;R rate) and were upgraded to a Premier Central Park View room. It was at the end of the hall and shared a vestibule with only one other room (a Premier CP View Suite). As a result, it was very quiet and we did not hear all the door noise other people have complained of. What can be said except that the view of the entire length of Central Park and Mid-town is spectacular. It is unfortunate that even on the highest floor the Trump building partially obscures things, but the view is still quite amazing. Sunrise was great and the reflection of the sunset off the surrounding buildings was also very nice. We have stayed at many of the top hotels in New York and there are few that can provide quality views from the majority of rooms. I also like the aesthetic of the MO more than most top NY hotels, which tend to be too traditional and fussy for me. I found the bed extremely comfortable and the shower was wonderful. The bath products are also very nice, much nicer than at other MO properties. There has been a lot of criticism of the technology in the rooms and complaints that they are too complex. Perhaps it is my younger age and residue of growing up with computers, but it seemd pretty intuitive. The HD LCD TV was great, as was the speaker system. The phone took a few minutes to master, but then it was easy. I also liked that the LCD TV in the bathroom was adjustable. It was odd though that it didn't have all the channels of the larger TV and that the networks were on different channels. On the negative side, the restaurant remains a problem. Though our food was consistent, if not overpriced ($90 for breakfast daily), the service was irregular. They never quite got everything right. We were not served bread the first day, but it came the second day. We were given a small amuse one day, but not the next. I had to ask for butter for my toast. No huge faux-pas, but annoying. Finally, one of the thing I like to do if I like a hotel and think I may come back is to ask for a tour of other room types I might book. They did not seem to know what to do with this request. First I was told no problem. Then the second person to get on the phone told me that it was not possible because not only did nobody have time (!!!!!), but I would need to make an appointment with the front office. What did she think I was, a reporter wanting to do a story? I was a guest, and they should have been happy to show me other rooms. At this time it was 1:30 in the afternoon and she finally said that the only person on staff who could show me around was not going to be back until &quot;this afternoon&quot; and could I stay in my room until she came back. When I informed her that it was already &quot;this afternoon&quot; and asked what she meant she said 2 p.m. Seeing as it was was 30 minutes and I had no plans I said fine. When nobody called me by 2:30 I left for the &quot;afternoon.&quot; Over the course of 2 days they were never able to fulfill my quite simple request. We left without seeing other rooms, something that might have enticed me to spend money for a better room or suite next time. Their loss. It won't stop us from returning, but was an annoying way to end our stay.	
Aug 27 2004	Greatly improved since its disastrous opening	This hotel is greatly improved since its disastrous opening. We stayed there in January 2004 and had to change rooms because the first room was uninhabitable but even the second one had its problems. The food and beverage department was in chaos. Room service tea came in coffee pots, or vacuum flasks which had previously contained coffee, or not at all. The chef bought tasteless strawberries and blueberries and called them seasonal berries - in January. On one night the bar was closed because the management had rented the whole place out, apparently to a shoemaker, for a private party.Due to the hotel's eagerness to make amends and the persistence of its guest relations manager, we stayed there again in August 2004. Everything in the room worked, although I was still incapable of mastering the TV system or the cordless phone.The staff seemed more relaxed. The views are wonderful and the beds a delight. The concierge service is excellent but foreigners might like to know that their knowledge of the main European languages, other than English) could be limited.There are still things wrong, of course (the chef continues to have his berry problem, for instance, and one of the staff rendered a check for breakfast with the gratuity line open, when 15% had already been included). They won't be able to do anything about the size of the rooms - not quite big enough - or the size of the closets - very small. If, like my wife, you solve the problem of what to take on vacation by taking everything, consider spending more on a suite because you probably get two closets and more drawers.But the transformation in seven months is to be commended. Housekeeping is world class. Engineering is world class. Staff have a happy and friendly attitude. Clearly some very hard work has been put in to get things right and the Mandarin Oriental is now worth the journey.	
Aug 23 2004	The Lobby Lounge	I just came back from a 3-day weekend in NYC with mom. We didn't stay at the Mandarin but decided to walk over to Columbus to check it out after seeing the beautiful pictures and hearing so much about it. Arriving at the 35th floor, I was amazed at how beautiful the place was so we decided to sit down and enjoy a cup of tea and dessert at the Lobby Lounge. We were seated right next to the window and I can't even express how priceless the view was. Dessert was amazing and the staff was so inviting. It was pricey but worth absolutely every penny. This isn't a hotel review but I was so amazed with the experience I had and if you have the time you should really go and try it. You will love the detail that they put into everything. It was a view and dining experience like no other...,very intimate and relaxing. So even if you dont have the money you can still experience what the hotel has to offer to the people that walk through its doors.	
Jul 10 2004	Outrageous Price Standard Service	While the hotel is nice, it is VERY VERY overpriced. The &quot;service&quot; was nothing that would justify such high room rates, I would expect much more attentive staff for that rate. Im sorry, but for $595 a night I would expect a HUGE ROOM and LOTS OF AMENITIES. Instead I got a small room on the 45th floor, with a spectacular view, and lots of amenities. A view, flat screen TV, bedside controls, and seperate shower/tub in the bathtroom are not enough for the hotel to charge $595. The room was WAY to small for that price. I would say my room was in the neighborhood of 400 squarefeet. I would say rooms at this hotel are worth AT most $450 a night, if you are paying more than that, stay at the Four Seasons or ST REGIS hotel. Also I was talking to a a man in the elevator who said he booked an &quot;Expedia&quot; rate of $429 a night, and he said his room was overpriced, I would hate to see how small his room was!! LOL...	
Jul 7 2004	An enjoyable experience	First off, I loved the hotel and found my stay to be a truly pleasant experience. Yes the rooms are a bit small and the prices are exorbitant. But it's New York. If you want cheap, go to Cleveland. But I must say to &quot;Extremely Disappointed&quot;--it's not really fair of you to give such a negative review based on a 5-minute encounter with one doorman at a hotel at which you didn't even stay. Next time offer a tip to the doorman when you ask for a taxi. It's customary and expected--especially if you're not a paying guest of the hotel.	
Jul 5 2004	Extremely Dissappointed	Although a beautiful hotel, I can not give the Mandarin Oriental Hotel a favorable review. After watching the fireworks show, and walking around the city, my sister and I accompanied, a few friends back to the hotel. We were staying at the Swissotel and after hearing them boast about how beautiful their hotel was, we decided to go see it for ourselves.  When we arrived there was no doorman to greet us at the door, he was actually at the front desk chatting with the front desk clerk. When we passed them they stared at us blankly, and then asked us if they could help us. The whole exchange was quite cold, not at all what I expected from a 5-star hotel.  The tip of the iceberg was when we were on our way out. We left through the mall exit, after searching for an ATM machine, and returned to the front desk so that my sister and I could get a cab to return home. It was 4:30 in the morning and pouring rain outside, yet once again we had to open the doors ourselves. Now I’m not sure if it was the fact that we were young or Black, or a combination of the two but the same doorman and front desk clerk we had not passed but a half hour before, asked us if we were guests at the hotel. My friend replied that yes we were indeed guests. Incredulous, I asked the front guest clerk why the doorman asked this question when then they both saw us come in. To this she replied, “Well, we saw you go in, but did not see you go out.”  Stunned we went outside to wait for the doorman to hail us a taxi. While waiting, we observed the doorman who had previously neglected to open the front door for us, open it for a different group of guests at the hotel. The final insult came when after trying to hail a taxi for my sister and I for about 5 minutes, the doorman pointed us towards the umbrellas and told us we were better off standing on the corner and hailing the taxi from there. My brief visit to the hotel was terrible, and I would not under any circumstances visit there again.	
Apr 5 2004	mixed feeling about this hotel	My husband and I love this hotel chain in general. We've actually stayed at the San Francisco one and the Miami one in the last six months. The new york one is gorgeous, but the drawbacks to this hotel is likely related to the fact that it is in new york. The rooms in SF and Miami were spacious and gorgeous.. The room we had in NY was small but still well decorated. The location of our room (near some service area where room service carts kept entering and the door kept slamming) was lousy. We were also at the end of a hallway where there were literally 4 other hotel room doors outside our door and no noise insulation, and our neighbors felt very comfortable slamming those doors around. For 600+ a night, this is not quite what I had in mind. Yes, NYC is crowded and real estate is at a premium, but I had expected more from the Mandarin Oriental. We still love this hotel chain, but the new york city one didn't achieve the level of comfort that the other ones did.	
Apr 4 2004	2nd time around --Well done.	I visited MO New York in early December, when their doors were first opened, and was disappointed. I don't think they should have opened so soon, not only was the building still in pieces (chipped paint on doors, walls, ceilings; TV not functioning, internet down, room service 1.5 hours, pool closed) and the level of service was not their. The staff's service lacked efficiency, it seemed no matter what I asked for, and it took 30 min.I was back in New York last week, and stayed at the Ritz Central Park, my first. It was a disappointing experience from the start, but to their credit their management staff was courteous enough to find me another hotel, offering the MO New York. I agreed to move, thinking I would give them another shot --and Ritz was picking up the charges for my 2 night stay.I was welcomed back warmly, funny how they somehow remembered me. The arrival was smoother than I had remembered, and the on duty manager was gracious enough to extend a suite upgrade, even with a sold-out hotel. The tea did not take 45 min this time, the pool was open-what a view! I made a point to inspect whether the staff had gone back to touch up the paint chips on the doors and walls, which they did! The WiFi was up and running, so convenient and calming to sit early morning in the sky lounge overlooking Central Park, perhaps the best view in New York.Reading some of the previous comments, I sympathize with my fellow 'guinea pigs' for trying out this property, however my second experience reminded me that one bad encounter is not always the end-all. My hats off to the extremely courteous bell staff, front desk staff, and the level of professionalism put forth by all. Understandably any new property is going to have its own growing pains. Improvement is essential, and I felt sharing my story illustrates this. The newest and the best in New York, the second time aroundÂ Has anyone been to their new property in DC?	
Apr 2 2004	Wonderful weekend experience	Wonderful stay over weekend at the Mandarin Oriental. We were celebrating a birthday, which was acknowledged at check in. Plus our room was upgraded with a wonderful Park View. Though the Trump Hotel was directly infront of us, we still had a great view all the way uptown. The service was wonderful and the staff brought up a special birthday dessert which was a nice surprise. The room was absolutely beautiful and luxurious. We were expecting the service to be a little &quot;off&quot; but were pleasantly surprised, by the attentiveness of the staff. They were very efficient and quick to take care of any requests. When we came back to the hotel in the evening there was a line outside the hotel for the popular MO Bar, but as long as you are staying in the hotel and show your room key you are able to go directly upstairs. The only downfall was the parking costs - $55 for one night! Understandably this is NYC, but the hotel should have some type of reduced rate. All in all, it exceeded our expectations!	
Mar 30 2004	Sadly this was one place I was more than happy to check out off	I had high hopes for our visit to Mandarin Oriental New York and had emailed the Manager in advance to way lay any concern I had from reading messages on here. As this was my partners first time in New York I wanted to make sure we had no unnecessary issues or problems. We had several communications between staff and were assured that we would have a memorable stay. I had booked the stay through Centurion Travel Services for 2 nights for 1 in a Premiere Hudson View room with Lunch for 2. In my mail I requested a quiet room on a high floor away from elevators and service entrances, basically a room that would be quiet.We were collected from JFK by a stretch limousine (surprise for my partner) from our long haul flight and arrived at the hotel around 6pm on Friday. Our arrival rather worryingly there was no doorman or bell boy. My partner and myself were left to drag our bags in to the unmanned reception area, we then made our way to the lift which turned our to be the entrance for the residential apartments!We eventually made it to the reception and were checked in by a very warm and courteous staff member who proceeded to take us to our Premiere Hudson View room on the 51st floor. The hotel was jam packed so they had been unable to upgrade us as had been mentioned in our previous correspondence, but this was not really a big deal.The room was delightful, small, but very well furnished with a wonderful bathroom and views of NY/Hudson River. As we settled in we were surprised to hear a lot of banging, on investigation it appeared that our room was located directly opposite a service entrance. Unfortunately the doors had little if any sound proofing making the noise rather unbearable. As we had previous correspondence with the manager and staff I had assumed there was some mistake and returned to the check in desk. On return it appeared that they had no other rooms available, and I asked to talk with the Duty Manager. After a short while I was then shown a room next door, but as you can expect this still had issues with noise. I returned to the reservation desk to be met by a rather abrupt and cold duty manager, I referred to my correspondence previously with the General Manger, but his had little if any impact. The Duty Manager then went on to inform me that due to the configuration of the hotel a large number of the rooms suffer from noise.Nearly an hour later, frustrated, tired and late for a meeting, the Duty Manager informed us they found a room but that we had to wait for housekeeping to freshen it up. As we were already late we told reception that as long as the room was quiet to go ahead and move our bags. On our return we found that our hotel had become he number one spot in New York and that we had to queue to gain entry I explained our situation but was told to wait in line!Eventually when we regained entry we found ourselves moved down to a room on the 43rd floor with a wonderful view of the Trump Hotel (Supposedly Park View)! The room was again comfortable and nicely decorated although not as pleasant as the original and with a smaller bathroom even though the room was classified an upgrade. There was no note in the room or message from the manager which would have helped in a small way to placate the situation. Instead every detail about this hotel that now went wrong had became a very big nagging one.Unable to sleep partly due to jet lag and also the annoyance of the situation I went down to the lobby to write an email to the manager conveying my concerns. I arrived in the lobby at 6am and found that there was no one around, and I mean no one, so I went behind the reception desk and called the operator to order some tea. Eventually staff arrived 20 minutes later as did my tea. In the meantime I put together an email for the manager and logged on to the hotels WIFI network to send it. Yet again I was faced by another problem the hotels WIFI setup was not functioning so I asked to speak to the next Duty Manager and presented the email on my laptop. He was exceptionally courteous and understanding of the issues and assured me that he will do all that he can to put us into a nice room. I reasserted that we did not want an upgrade just a room as originally agreed &quot;on a high floor away from elevators and service entrances&quot;.We were out for the rest of the day and returned to the hotel at around 6pm on Saturday. At reception we picked up our keys for our new room located on the 42nd floor 9 floors down from the original, although I believe we were meant to be impressed by the fact we had been awarded a suite. The suite was cold and unwelcoming with no carpets just black floor and occasional rugs, compared to the other rooms this one felt inferior in finish infact as though it had not been finished. Again no note or message from the manager. It also appeared to be located right on Columbus Circle meaning that the noise levels were higher than any of the previous rooms! Understandably we were at the end of our tethers and realised that this hotel was never going to be able to deliver on service or promise, something we found very disappointing for a member of the Mandarin group. As previously arranged I spoke to the Front Of House Manager informing him of my dismay at the hotel and its handling of our situation. What is the point of extensive communication with the hotel's General Manager when the requests are ignored. In all fairness he did wish to resolve the problems, but as we were departing the next day we felt there was really nothing they could do to restore our faith in this hotel.On Sunday we were joined by a friend for lunch in the hotels restaurant which was very enjoyable, infact the breakfast and Lunch were about the only 2 times this hotel really lived up to the Mandarin vision. As it was late and the restaurant was due to close we decided to take our tea and coffee in the lobby, but on transfer were told by another member of staff we would have to wait an hour for a table as the hotel lobby is very popular!Then came check out with the Duty Manager from our first night, the bill came out and contained a few errors. Firstly it contained charges for lunch which was complimentary and secondly it contained a charge for 2 nights when we were on the Centurion offer, 1 night free. Starting to feel like a pariah I noted these mistakes to the rather disgruntled Manager who went onto inform me that as my reservation had been made by Platinum Travel the offer of the free night was not valid. Thankfully I had a confirmation from Centurion Travel in my suitcase and found this rather needless situation a prime example of the hotels negative attitude. To placket the manager I travelled down 35 floors to our stored baggage and collected my paper work, queued up for the lift and returned to the reception. After some more discussion she begrudgingly removed the 2nd nights charge, however had she referred to my correspondence with the manager this embarrassing situation would have been avoidable.My partner and myself had a wonderful weekend in New York and a memorable stay at the Mandarin Oriental, but for all the wrong reasons. This hotel fails to live up to the values of this superb group and failed to tackle problems when it had the opportunity. Indeed the hotel has many wonderful aspects and is a visual delight, but I'm sorry to say that it is a victim of its own success. Queuing up to get into you hotel, queuing up to sit in your on lobby and being given assurances that are not met does not a 5 star hotel make , far less a Mandarin Oriental Hotel. Sadly this was one place I was more than happy to check out off and will not be returning to soon.	
Mar 8 2004	Nice but no Four Seaons	I agree with the previous post. This is a beautiful hotel and the views are spectacular. But at this price I would prefer to stay at the Four Seasons. The MO has much smaller rooms and to me is a little too hip. Plus the service is not nearly as good as the Four Seasons. The bar was cool but we had to wait 30 minutes to get in even as a guest of the hotel. I'm gald that we stayed and were able to enjoy a breathtaking view of the city for a night but won't stay there again.	
Mar 2 2004	great experience but Four Seasons still best in NYC	We just got back from the MO NYC. We'd actually planned to stay there last November but it wasn't quite open (there was some slippage as is normal with new buildings of this scale). To their credit, MO gave us the &quot;soft opening&quot; rates when we went back last week, and upgraded us to a Premier Central Park View room on the 51st floor as we were celebrating my birthday and our anniversary.The view, obviously, is incredible. Although Trump's building is right in front the position of the new tower is such that you still get great views around it. However, the room is pretty tight for space - if you're from the UK you may have stayed in a 'Travelodge' and the room is just like a more upscale version of that kind of room. The high-tech tv/computer set up is a little too tricksy - like other reviewers, we did have to call tech support (in our case just to be able to change the volume on the TV!) but to be fair they were fast on the scene and quick to fix the problem, which remained fixed.There were a few little glitches with the service, overall it's just not as slick as the Four Seasons - possibly it just needs some bedding-in time, although both my wife and I noticed the quality of fit-and-finish is nowhere near the FS standard.For such an expensive and high-profile (and spectacular) building it really seemed like they'd &quot;spoiled the ship for a ha'peth of tar&quot; so to speak.We found the Asiate restaurant a bit like the hotel - i.e. very flash and spectacular but a bit too tricksy. Sometimes fusion food sounds unlikely but really works when you taste it (the shrimp with pasta cooked in paper with XO sauce is superb), but mostly it tasted as odd as it sounds. To be fair, though, we had eaten the previous evening at the consistently excellent Four Seasons restaurant (not affiliated with the hotel) and the night before at Daniel Boulud's DB, and both were really exceptional, so Asiate had a high bar to reach.It will always be full, because of the beautiful room and stunning view, and it's definitely worth a look.The intimate &quot;MO bar&quot; across the lobby is fabulous, but permanently very busy with both New Yorkers and tourists from other hotels, as is the lobby bar. I guess it's the view again - quite a rarity still in NY.One nice touch is the private access to the shopping centre from the hotel's elevator - makes you feel privileged somehow! The shopping is nothing special but there's a good Dean &amp; Deluca in the Borders store and some great restaurants which should all be open by the time you go!Overall, then, fantastic experience (and great view) but next time, if I were paying the full rate, I'd still choose the Four Seasons - for the same money you'd get a (less spectacular) view and a much bigger room, plus it's quieter, better quality and smoother service. But I am grateful to have experienced the MO.	
Feb 16 2004	Not bad but at a price		
Jan 20 2004	A major disappointment		
Jan 18 2004	Excellent still working out some kinks		
Jan 4 2004	Truely a "Special Occasion" Hotel		
Jan 4 2004	Almost perfect		
Dec 30 2003	A Very Comfortable Hotel		
Dec 30 2003	New York's Finest		
Dec 29 2003	Truly Wonderful		
Dec 4 2003	"New" New York Favorite		
Nov 25 2003	MOst romantic		
Oct 25 2009 	belle vue sur central park		
Oct 20 2009 	Magnifique !		
Sep 17 2009 	?????		
Jul 3 2009 	??????????????????		
Jun 4 2009 	????????		
Mar 31 2009 	????		
Jan 11 2009 	A couper le souffle!		
Jan 5 2009 	NE VAUT PAS SON PROOX		
Oct 29 2008	38?		
Oct 23 2008 	Lusso costoso		
Sep 7 2008 	le top à Manhattan		
Oct 5 2007 	Das beste Hotel der Welt (jedenfalls von denen die ich kenne).		
Aug 5 2007	delusione		
Dec 4 2006	Innoubliable		
