	Kimberly Suite	We had a two bedroom suite with an outside deck with limited but nice views from the 19th floor. Full compact kitchen, two baths, really nice older hotel. Lots of action by the lobby and out on the street.	
Nov 23 2009 	A Little Disappointing	We are a family of 5, two adults and three children between the ages of 7 and 13. Travelling with a family of 5 can be tricky in NYC due to extremely rigid room occupancy regulations. After a lot of research, we decided on the Kimberly based on the size of the room, location and the good Trip Advisor reviews. The Good:1.Our room was HUGE...especially for NYC. We had a three bedroom/two bathroom suite. It was on two floors connected by a 70's style spiral staircase. My kids thought this was the coolest thing ever! 2.The rate for a room of this size was great (not cheap, but great for the size)3.The beds were very clean and extremely comfortable. The linens felt new. 4. There were nice flat panel TV’s in each room. 5.The location was great. We walked everywhere...Rockefeller Center, Broadway, Times Square, Dylan's Candy Bar. The Not As Good:1. The carpets were old and in need of replacing...or at least major cleaning! I would not have walked around bare foot!2. The bathroom definitely needed updating...along with all the major permanent fixtures in the room (closet door, railing of spiral stairs, non-working safe etc.). 3. The mini fridge had soda spilled all over the inside of it...how can they charge for the mini bar if no one looks to see what you ate/drank?? Maybe it had been a few days since this room was occupied because the soda looked sticky rather than runny...although I admit I didn't touch it! Some of the soda had leaked into the cabinet holding the fridge and there were a ton of ants enjoying it...Yuk!! We called the front desk and they were very responsive in coming to clean.4. Well, we tried to call the front desk that is. I had to call from my cell phone because none of the many phones in our room were working. However, once again, they were very quick to send someone up to fix the phones (which are also outdated, btw). 5. The bathrooms, while clean and spacious, are also in need of major updates. Other than the grey and white marble on the floor, everything looked like a perfect 1970's bathroom.6. There was a balcony off of the second floor bedroom that we did not use but which was filthy and looked as if no one had stepped foot on it for many months. I stepped out onto this balcony for a moment and saw that there was another door leading to the hotel which was standing wide open. It looked like it might lead to another room or a service hall way or something and gave me the creeps. I went back into our room, locked the door and didn't venture out there again.One side note...the restaurant next to the hotel...Nikki's...serves a great Sunday buffet brunch. Very reasonable rate for a ton of basic, well prepared, all-you-can-eat brunch food. The hotel's restaurant was under renovation during our stay. Overall, this room more than met our needs...but I am left with a little bit of a “yuck” feeling and am pretty sure that I would not return.	
Nov 16 2009 	Classic New York Hotel	I had the pleasure of visiting the Kimberly the weekend of 11/15. I didn't know what to expect as it looked like it was an older property going through some renovations. We got to the hotel, and it was obvious that it is an older, classic NYC hotel. There was scafolding, and the lobby is a bit old fashioned. Going up to the room, carpets kind of old fashioned, but it is in keeping with the style of the building and the rest of the decor. We were given a room with a balcony on the 17th floor, and we were not dissapointed, in fact, I was quite impressed. The room was like a regal New York City one bedroom apartment that was still classic, but recently updated. The furnishings, although ornate, were magnificant, and clean, clean, clean. The room was fresh and spotless. The bathroom was probably the biggest, most well-appointed bathoom I have ever seen in a hotel. I didn't want to leave the shower! It was huge, and featured a tremendous rain-shower head, and a hand held sprayer. It was great. It cannot go without saying that the place has some value to it as well! I cannot speak about the actual room price as we did not pay for it directly, but what was amazing to me was the overnight parking was only $30 a night! Quite a value for NYC!. In addition, the mini-bar prices were quite reasonable- a rare for NYC hotels, AND, although we didn't take advantage of it, since the restaurant was closed for renovations, the Kimberly was offering 50% off of room service! I couldn't believe it. Quite a lovely offering. This is a great hotel, and I would be happy to stay there again.	
Nov 9 2009 	Best hotel in NYC I've stayed at	The location (mid-town) was convenient. The room was clean, and had all sorts of amenities. There was an iPod dock (and radio alarm clock in one), a coffee-maker (and also tea available), a small refrigerator, a microwave, a bathroom scale, two white terry bathrobes and slippers, two umbrellas, a small safe, and even an electronic shoe-shiner. They had the usual shampoo and lotion (Neutrogena brand), but also had conditioner (which I’ve noticed a lot of hotels don’t have) and mouthwash. So, more than you usually see in a hotel room. By New York City standards, the room was definitely large, and that was a nice surprise. The bathtub was also quite large, great for a bath. The shower pressure was good. They used Neutrogena shampoo, conditioner, and lotion, which I liked—I like nothing too perfumed or fancy. The bed was extremely comfortable for me—not too soft and not too hard. Lots of pillows. There were also two nice chairs and a table, a desk and a chair, and an enormous widescreen TV on the wall. The front desk and lobby people were very helpful and pleasant. I was very happy with the hotel and would definitely come to the Kimberly again.	
Nov 2 2009 	BeautifulQuaint Hotel - Great location and # 1 in Customer Service	I have been to NYC several times for business and leisure. The customer service provided at the Kimberly was the best I have ever experienced. The bellman never failed to open the door or get a taxi immediately. The rooms were cozy, comfortable and immaculately clean. The view from the 27th floor was awesome! Also great little cafe next door!	
Nov 1 2009 	good stay	stayed here for 1/2 term trip recently with friend and 2 teenage girls. Suite format of rooms worked really well and the area seemed safe for girls to walk out on their own even in the evening.Staff responsive and friendly. Many of them had been at the hotel for many years - always a good sign.	
Oct 12 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!	We stayed at The Kimberly Hotel from August 28 until September 1 and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We saw some comments about it being dated but it was lovely. My husband and I stayed in a one bedroom king suite with our 12 and 9 year old and we were very comfortable during or 4-night stay. The king bed was absolutely wonderful and very comfortable as was the sofa sleeper for the kids. There were two flat screen TVs, on in the living room and one in the bedroom. The living area was very nice and the kitchen was just perfect for our needs. The balcony was small but nice. The bathroom was pretty small but it was newly remodeled and the shower was great with plenty of hot water even after 4 showers. The hotel's location was great! We were close to everything - Times Square, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Rockefeller Center, Broadway, SOMA, etc., etc. I highly recommend this hotel - It's a great price for the area and cheaper than Embassy Suites!!	
Sep 8 2009 	Very good affordable accommodations in Midtown Manhattan	Stayed here as part of a weekend group trip. I was pleasantly surprised by how nice this was for the price and location. My room had a separate bedroom and living area and a small kitchen. It was clean and quiet. The bed was comfortable. I would certainly consider staying here again.	
Aug 29 2009 	Geat Hotel with spacious rooms	I enjoyed my stay in the Kimberly its location is very convenient. I stayed at the One bed room executive suit i was very spacious and comfortable. The staff are amazing specially Mrs. Dusty who was very helpful at the concierge and made alot to make our stay in NewYork a great stay.	
Aug 11 2009 	Spacious room for a good NYC rate	We reserved a room at the Kimberly Hotel on 50th St. between Lexington and 3rd Avenue in Midtown Manhattan. They stowed our luggage since we arrived very early in the morning of the day of our checkin. We had requested a King bed rather than two doubles, but that is not guaranteed and we knew this ahead of time. We were complimentary upgraded to a deluxe King room with a spacious marble bathroom with multiple shower head shower stall and separate jetted tub, seperate water closet and double sinks. Our room had a balcony also. Stepping out onto the balcony we had a view of the East River. Employees were helpful offering assistance without any request on our part necessary. We never saw housekeeping but always returned to a freshened room. It was convenient to the subway system. We had a table and two chairs and a very spacious sleeping area this was not a cramped room and modestly priced for NY.	
Aug 11 2009 	Extremely Efficient Comfortable Convenient Hotel	I attended a regional conference at the Kimberly's new board room and stayed at the property. The one thing that struck me about my first stay here was the extreme efficiency of the staff. As a customer, I was not only recognized but valued. This showed through at the front desk, at the bell stand, by housekeeping and by the meetings staff.The rooms are extremely well appointed, luxurious and comfortable and geared towards both business and leisure guests. The bathroom was extremely impressive (large space) as well as a rain shower, a weighing scale and great soap products.The bed has multiple feather pillows and is extremely comfortable. The closet is a walk-in, fully closable closet with a safe that fits a laptop, which I greatly appreciated.	
Aug 10 2009 	Truly First Class	The staff at the Kimberly really go out of their way to meet your needs! From the doormen ( Silva, Kevin &amp; Gregory) to the front desk, all treated us with kindness! The hotel itself was fantastic! The one bedroom suite was more than what we expected. The balcony on the 19th floor (19D) gave us a great view of 2nd and Lexington Ave. The kitchen was a plus, although the stove was shut off after 9-11 the microwave did the job. The bathroom didn't have a fan, but that was quickly resolved by cracking the door open during shower time...no big deal:-) The location was perfect...Time Square, Grand Central Station, Rockafeller, U.N. are all within walking distance. Subway to and from Central Park and Chinatown can be accessed by taking the #6 train, which is just around the block. Restaurants are plentiful and are just blocks away. There's a diner next to the hotel, if you just want a quick bite without hurting your wallet. All in all, I will recommend the Kimberly to anyone looking for a FOUR star hotel, with a reasonable price! Definitely will go back with my wife and two teenagers!!!!!!	
Aug 8 2009	Best hotel in New York City	I just got back from the Kimberly Hotel in New York City. Don't think twice, stay in this hotel. I went to New York City with my 17 years old daughter and we had a great time. Everyone went out of their way to treat us well, it is a very clean hotel, everyone is extremely friendly, it is close to the subway and it is located in a safe area. The beds are very comfortable and the rooms are clean. I do need to say that Charles, Dusty, Gregory, Harry and everyone else in the hotel will give you any information you need regarding restaurants, events, shopping,etc. I go to NYC with my daughter every other year and always try a different hotel... well, I will stay at Kimberly from now on.	
Jul 21 2009 	The Kimberly is the best kept secret in NYC-a diamond in the rough	I hosted 50 people on my group to NYC this past weekend. The Kimberly staff including the sales office, front desk, bellmen, housekeeping, reservations, restaurant and concierge did everything possible to make my group feel like royalty. The hotel is in an excellent location close to Grand Central, Rockefeller Center, 5th Ave and so many other wonderful areas of NY. Rooms were spacious, comfortable, beautifully decorated, not to mention the amazing beds with their fine Italian linens. Although the hotel does not have a swimming pool,/fitness center onsite, their partnership with the NY Health/Racquet Club provides guests with all the most extensive network of sports facilities in Manhattan. The highlight for my group was the sunset cruise on the Kimberly yacht. I cannot imagine staying in NYC in any other hotel and look forward to seeing everyone's smiling faces the next time I return.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great location	Spent the weekend of the 4th in NYC. Great location for everything. Stayed in a one bedroom suite. The beds were awesome and having a balcony was great. Everyone was very nice and helpful. The doormen at the kimberly have to be the best in NYC. Looking forward to our next visit and will be staying here.	
Jun 29 2009 	Spacious rooms lousy service	We booked the hotel as we wanted a spacious room (a rarity in NYC) for the first leg of our honeymoon. We booked direct with the hotel and requested champagne and flowers on arrival (and received an automated email with this request clearly shown).We stayed in the Empire Suite and though very large and well appointed, it was a little tired around the edges. The lounge was large and had a nice dining area, the bed was very comfortable but the bathroom was tiny and out of proportion with the rest of the suite.The Champagne and flowers were not in our room on arrival and as British Airways had given us a complimentary bottle on the flight into New York we weren't too bothered. However, when we informed reception of this (to ensure we weren't charged for it) we were virtually told we had not requested it. Each morning in Ferros restaurant there was confusion regarding our $10 voucher as different reception staff had different policies regarding issuing this - it would have been nice to receive the vouchers upon check in. We requested a car to take us back to the airport on the morning of arrival - this never arrived and to make matters worse, none of the staff on duty at that time had been informed of this request. We ended up taking a taxi.In conclusion, if you are looking for a spacious room then this hotel is hard to beat for the price, but this room in particular and the elevators are in need of serious refurbishment and the service was pretty poor.	
Jun 17 2009 	Another great weekend at the Kimberly Hotel	Went to NYC and stayed at the Kimberly Hotel the weekend of June 12 thru June 14th. We were there to celebrate a birthday. It has been our third time there and again we were not disappointed. The doormen are all wonderful. Very friendly and helpful and just always really pleasant. Cannot say enough about all of them as well as the entire staff. Peter the hotel conceairge was great in getting me a ticket for a sold out show on Broadway. The rooms are great and the beds are so comfortable you dont want to get up . The location is great. We walked to the theater and the the restaurants. Just a fun and lovely weekend. Planning of going back in the Fall for more theater and of course we will stay here.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great staff.	We stayed at the Kimberly for 5 nights in early June. We booked through Hotels.ca and got an exceptional rate. The staff were great. The bellmen were wonderful. The beds are great but don't expect much from the pullout sofas -- they are incredibly uncomfortable. My mother ended up sleeping no the sofa proper which turned out to be alot more comfortable. While we were there, they were working on a new elevator but didn't start up the construction until about 9:00 a.m. which was courteous. We didn't bother eating at the restaurant. The only drawback was that we were in a back room that faced another building and it was quite dark. That being said, it was exceptionally quite as well which I would take over the brightness. The free internet in the business center was helpful. All in all, it was a great experience and I would go back in a heartbeat!	
Jun 9 2009 	Very nice LARGE hotel for Mid-town Manhattan	I was trying to find a hotel around mid town I had several on my list that I reviewed at TravelAdvisor.I picked this hotel because of its location and proximity to 5th Avenue and the MOMA.The room was very nice when I checkecd in clean spacious. The bed was very thick and comfortable. The bathroom had a rain shower head in the marble ceiling and it was great!!!! The room was a free upgrade because of the construction which I did not hear from 6p until after I left in morning around 10am. The room had a refrigerator stove top and sink which came in hand for all the shopping we did at a Joe store.Overall it was right next to a W Hotel which my brother staid at it was much smaller room than the room I was in. The Benjamin was next store on a very noisy corner.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great boutique hotel for extended stay	I was on a week long business trip, working near the UN, and stayed at the Kimberly. I wanted a hotel with a kitchenette, so that I could occassionally prepare my own meals. What a wonderful hotel and at a special rate of $160 per nt! The location was perfect--nearby grocery store, deli's, restaurants and retail stores. My suite included a galley-style kitchen, with a full size fridge, microwave, coffemaker, dishes/stemware. Living room with TV and balcony. Large, comfortable bedroom w/ queen size bed, lots of closet space.. The only negative review was the front desk staff. They were indifferent and gave little eye contact. But don't let that stop you from staying at this wonderful hotel.	
Jun 4 2009 	Forget the name brands... be sure to stay here instead	I'm a seasoned traveler and typically I don't venture away from the name brand hotels - however due to the high rates of the name brands I started searching for alternatives.The rates at the Kimberly were almost 1/2 of the neighboring brand hotels. I couldn't justify paying those rates for name brand hotel room, so I booked The Kimberly. I had some second thoughts when reading reviews.. but I figured what the heck... the worst thing that will happen will be that I will have to change hotels after 1 night (I was staying in the city for 3 nights)Although the lobby wasn't very fancy - don't judge a book by its cover. My room was awesome! Granted I was in a newly converted/upgraded/renovated room -- it was beautiful. In my studio suite I had a near full kitchen, a beautiful marble bathroom, new &quot;but looks like antique furniture&quot;, and a great bed. I've NEVER had this much space before in a New York City hotel room... it was HUGE compared to normal hotel rooms (and I wasn't even in a truely 1 bedroom suite -- I was in the studio suite!). The staff was great - including the waiters in the resturant, housekeeping, the front desk and the bellmen! Also having complimentary access to the NYC Health and Raquet Club just two short blocks away--- awesome benefit!!Be sure to consider this hotel the next time you book in New York City -- I'll be sure to stay here rather than the name brands... any time I'm near there.	
May 29 2009 	Very nice	The hotel staff were wonderful, especially the doorman Jose. What a friendly and helpful person. The room was big and very clean. Much of what you would expect in a 4 star hotel. The location was centraland we even ventured a ride on the subway which was down the block! We had dinner on and drinks one night in the restaurant - Ferros. The food was very good and the service was great, we loved our waitress Mari. The bartender Dee-ann was friendly and told us some nice places that we should visit while we were in town. The only drawback was we tried to talk to the manager Annie about booking a party as we were in town for a wedding and was disappointed in her lack of knowledge, after repeatedly trying to get in touch with her. Not really sure how some people do it unless they book with someone else.	
May 29 2009 	Awesome Staff Great location and a good night's sleep!	The service was awesome and staff always smiling, very helpful, andknowledgeable. From the time we pulled up to the time we left, the staffmade me feel right at home. The suite was beautiful and the beds are socomfy. We had a nice view of the city from the living area, the bedroom anddefinitely the balcony. The arched doors inside the suite was a nice changefrom the standard doors. The marble spacious bathroom is gorgeous. Therewas also a bar, microwave, coffee machine and refrigertor in the room. Wehad a small table in the living area which would be perfect for acandlelight dinner for two. The perfect romantic getaway. We were just afew blocks from Times Square and Rockefeller Center. There is a restuarantnext door with a great breakfast buffet. I think this is a great locationas the traffic was not what I had imagined it to be, and just to be able toget out and walk and enjoy the sites was fun. I really appreciate thestaff. The valet was just amazing at welcoming us to the hotel and theconcierge provided us the most helpful and useful information we needed toget around the city. One of my favorites about the hotel...the mostcomfortable beds. The only thing I missed having was in indoor pool/spa atthe hotel. The best way to describe it: Awesome Staff, Great location anda Good night's sleep!	
May 20 2009 	The Kimberly truly a first class hotel	From the minute we walked through the door, I was impressed. The entire staff should be reconized for their helpfulness and kindness. The suite was very impressive, clean and comfortable. The hotels is centrally located, close to Time Square, The theatre district, Fifth Ave. And most everything We are already planning a return trip to NYC and will be staying at the Kimberly again!!	
Apr 29 2009 	Perfect for Family of 4	Must say that I was very nervous after reading some of the trip advisor reviews especially the comment about the smell of cigarette smoke in the non-smoking rooms. I am happy to report that our family with a 12 and 14 year old thought the hotel was wonderful. We were not in a renovated suite but I did look at one. The renovated suite has more lovely details like marble bathrooms, sliding closet doors vs. our folding ones that didn't line up quite right, upholstered headboards and the kitchen is behind dark wood doors. Both rooms have french, antique replica style furniture - desks, tables and upholstered furniture. The rooms have a comfortable, lovely feel to them not a sleek, urban design. But most importantly, our room and bathroom were very clean and there was no smell of smoke. I expect all hotels to have discarded bedspreads by now and replaced them with comforters covered by duvets and this is what the Kimberly has done. We asked for a quiet room and got 20E which was as quiet as I can expect in NYC. The honking and noise were very faint. Elevators were smooth and we never waited too long. Very friendly front desk and Peter the concierge was extremely helpful whether I called him lost on the street or from our room. We never ate at the hotel but enjoyed our two breakfast spots immensely...around the corner for fabulous breakfast bagel sandwiches was Ess-a-bagel and across from Central Park was Sarabeth's with the lightest, yummiest lemon, ricotta pancakes. We originally booked at the Affinia 50 which is right next door as is the Benjamin Hotel but the Kimberly's rates were much lower as well as the parking rates. Would highly recommend.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great Location very spacious rooms	This Hotel is the favourite hotel of Jimmy Carter. Service is very good and location TOP. Rooms a big and have everything you could ask for.	
Apr 23 2009 	What an amazing experience	I know giving everything a rating of 5 may seem 'less helpful' and 'less poignant' but the point here is that my sister &amp; I went to New York with the intention of feeling absolutely free and coming back having 'experienced' New York's finest. Everything from the accomodations (the beds, the plugins, the washroom) to the location were impeccable. We had a decent (2 Queen) room without a balcony and still felt like the toast of the Town. Taxi's were flagged down for us, we received amazing service at the Hotel Restaurant and were charged EXACTLY what was expected. We are going back to New York this year and have already reserved at the Kimberly!!!	
Apr 13 2009 	Very nice!	Stayed April 3-5th. Spacious suite, clean tastefully decorated. Located in lovely neighborhood. Plan on returning soon!	
Apr 12 2009 	Bed too soft for my back - ouch!	While staying there for 10 nights, my work colleagues loved sinking deep into the beds and praised them for being soft as clouds--I thanked goodness for the sofa, because that's where I slept all 10 nights! The 1st night, I went to sleep in the softest bed I've ever met and was awakened two hours later by acute back pain. I pulled the thick comforter onto the floor next to the bed and tried to sleep there, but that was too hard so it hurt too much to sleep. Finally I removed the cushions lining the back of the sofa to free up more width and slept directly on the sofa with one pillow under my head and the comforter over me, and that was bliss. Each morning I put cushions, pillow and comforter back where they belonged.	
Mar 28 2009 	What a beautiful hotel!	Stayed in NYC with friend for May 17, the Norwegian national day. We were going to stay at another hotel, but a certain website messed up or reservation, and then they put us here. Whilte my friends got to stay in a pretty nice hotel, my boyfriend and I got to stay here for a lesser than normal price!! I have never stayed in a place with such a comfy matress, I'm guessing it was memory foam. Down covers with soft sheet.  I was really empressed with the bathroom. Gold fixtures, huge shower head, with jacuzzi. We had a balcony in our room with a great view of the city.	
Mar 6 2009 	Like Back to the Future but worse!!!!	We arrived in New York after a delayed flight eager to check in, unpack and get on with our four night trip. We took a cab (he seemed to be travelling at 88mph!) to the Kimberly and went in. Immediately we were struck by the decor in the reception area, it was like something from 1955! We put this to the back of our minds and checked in without any hassle at all. The bellboy took our bags up to the room, he was gone in no time, almost leaving a firey trail behind him as he went! We struggled to keep up with him, but managed to get him to slow down.We entered the room and the bellboy was stood there, and we looked past him to find another couple already unpacking..........we looked at them and they looked at us then we both looked at the bellboy who was just standing there. He went off to speak to the manager and eventually returned to put the other couple in a suite as an apology to them, leaving us with a pokey room that had not been cleaned since 1985 it seemed!We went out and enjoyed New York, returning late to find another couple on the bed watching TV! We asked them what they were doing and they said that they had just checked in that afternoon, and that our bags had been moved to another room down the hall! We couldn't believe it, but when we went to reception this was confirmed and we were given a new key. The new room was larger but we were still concerned that someone had re-packed our case for us, and had gone through my wife's smalls.Having confirmed that everything was where it should be, I went down to speak to the manager, who seemed to think that the larger room was adequate compensation for the hassle, and whose attitude stank worse than his aftershave!After 20min of arguing I realised that I was getting nowhere with this clown, and returned to my wife and settled for the night. At 4am, there was a loud noise from the next room, and loud shouts. We were annoyed at first, until we realised that the noises were from the next occupants who were in the middle of a drunken break-up! They were yelling at each other, trading insults and there was a loud thud against the back wall, but God only knows what that was!We eventually got back to sleep and woke up around 9am when we decided to complain about the night before at reception. To be fair, the receptionist seemed concerned but informed us that the room in question had been vacant for two days so who knows how they managed to get inside the room in the first place! She then transferred us to the manager of the hotel and yet again Mr Arrogant fobbed us off with the excuse of &quot;are you sure you weren't dreaming?&quot; I couldn't believe it and immediately I said that we were checking out and leaving at once. The hotel refused to refund the last two nights of our stay and have yet to acknowledge any email contact. If you want my advice then you'd be better off elsewhere!!	
Feb 26 2009 	Decent value - but nonsmoking rooms smells like smoke!	Hotel is in great location, and staff is nice. But if you are at all bothered by the smell of smoke, don't stay here. I was there for a week, in a &quot;nonsmoking&quot; room. Something is wrong with the ventilation, though, and the smell of smoke was constantly pumped into my room. My throat was raw. I was glad my husband didn't join me - he has asthma and would've been in the hospital. Their remedy for the smell was to spray this awful citrus disinfectant. I was so relieved when the week was over and my lungs and throat were able to find some respite!If you're a smoker, this is the place for you. Nice rooms, nice bathroom, nice everything else!	
Feb 8 2009 	Nice Surpise good hotel	After spending 4 days in midtown Manhattan and 2 days in lower Manhattan on vacation, we found out at the last minute that we needed to stay in the city one more night. We got a good rate at the Kimberly and booked it. With the hotel not garnishing a 5 or 4 diamond rating from AAA, I wasn’t expecting too much. Upon arrival, we were upgraded to a plush suite which greatly exceeded my expectations. It was fully stocked with a kitchen, living room, mini dining room, in addition to two flat screen TVs. However, the bathroom was a bit underwhelming and in need of a renovation. While I can’t comment on the ordinary accommodations, the suite was top notch and would challenge any 4 star hotel in the city. I can’t really comment on the service as our stay was very brief. We also did not use any of the other facilities or eat at any of the hotel restaurants. While the Kimberly does not rival any of the top hotels in NYC, overall our stay was very nice and free of any problems.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great Boutique in New York close to Rockefeller Center	I have spend a week in this wonderful hotel while been on a business trip to my company's New York office. I hade a 3-room suite, it was gorgeous!	
Jan 11 2009 	The Bains in New York	Our family had a suite at the Kimberley and the service was excellent.From the moment we arrived, we had great help, friendly conversation with all the staff, detailed information to help us with our for our first visit to New York. The family made friends with all of the staff. Kevin, Peter, Ralph and Silva were terrific! The location was central to everything and easy access to public transportation.We would definitely go back to this warm and friendly hotel. Everyone demonstrated great New York hospitality.Sandi BainMaple Ridge, British Columbia	
Jan 6 2009 	Average hotel	We stayed for 5 nights between Christmas and the new year in a two roomed suite. Over all I found the hotel clean and the staff friendly. However the decor is tired and the restaurant food is horrible. We had specifically wanted an apartment room with a kitchen to be able to cook some small meals, however on arrival we we informed by a print out on the cooker that the gas supply to all rooms had been terminated! This was very fustrating as we could have spent the same amount of money staying in a more luxurious hotel without cooking facilities! However the hotel has an excellent location and we did enjoy the stay.	
Jan 5 2009 	I think you could find nicer.	I stayed in a 2 bedroom apartment on the 27th floor of the Hotel, which provided a great view of the city. The apartment was very spacious but the decor is a tad dated, and we were disappointed to find that the cooker in the kitchenette didn't work. On arrival we were given $250 of vouchers to eat in the hotels restaurant, which seemed great, until we did and found out that you can only use $10 a head and the food in the restaurant is expensive and served lukewarm. So this is a bit of a gimmick and merely a way of getting you to spend more money in the hotel. The location was good and the door staff were very helpful and friendly. Overall It's not the worst hotel, however for the price I think you could find nicer.	
Jan 3 2009	Average Stay	The pluses: Great elevators, nice high floor suites, prompt housekeeping, good balcony, great iron and ironing board, good TVs. Nice little kitchen with great refrigerator and dishwasher. Excellent shower pressure. Very comfortable beds with great pillows and comforters. The minuses: Less than engaging front desk staff, raw edges to closet doors and other details, dirty hinges in bathroom cabinets, funky little coffee maker with no funky little filters. Had to traipse all over to find a fit. No DVD or CD player.We stayed for two weeks over Christmas. We usually stay in an Upper West or East Side area to escape the crowds, but no availabililty this year. That said, we picked the Kimberly and overall it was a good midtown hotel. Not the best, but certainly a far cry from the worst.Note that rates are higher than the value but if you are staying for a few days the location is great.	
Dec 30 2008 	Amazing time with my grown-up kids	I just wanted to say what a wonderful time I had with my three grown-up children (no partners) celebrating my 60th Birthday in New York. I had booked the hotel directly by telephone in March and sent them an email 6 days before to make sure that everything was OK. Having spoken to the hotel originally I had booked a double suite with sitting room, a view, a balcony (although I did think it would be superfluous seeing as it was December, but actually we did use it and have a number of pictures of us with the Chrysler Building in the background) - I have to write a review because it was because of Trip Advisor that I ended up booking this hotel - I looked at hundreds. Our room was on the 26th floor and the beds were the MOST comfortable beds I have every enjoyed in an hotel, which is saying something!! The rooms are not enormous and the bathrooms quite small but beds are much more important than bathrooms. The decor is a little faded but there was real coffee to use to make coffee in the mornings - this is the first time I have found this in an hotel and my children bought me flowers for the sitting room and my bedroom and they managed to find vases for me. We were only there for 3 days but had an itinerary which we mostly kept to. Went to see Radio City Christmas Extravaganzer - the Rockettes were wonderful and then on the following night to see Circque du Soleil, which was good but I had seen the Circque du Soleil '0' in Vegas last year and that was so incredible I did not think anything could better it - and it hasn't. We went to the Spotted Pig for dinner one night - great - but a friend had recommended The River Cafe which was absolutely wonderful. It had just started to snow as we left the theatre so we crossed the Brooklyn Bridge with snow falling! Very Christmassy! One of the things I probably wouldn't recommend is the horse-drawn buggy round a tiny corner of Central Park, although it added to the whole celebratory feel.Of course, the reason we really went was to skate in the Rockerfeller Centre and although it was drizzling slightly we had such fun - all in all, I haven't laughed so much in a long time - can there be anything better than laughing with your children? I don't think so. Stay at The Kimberly but my advice would be 'phone them directly.	
Dec 1 2008 	A great experience home from home	Stayed at the Kimberly Hotel 24 - 30th November 2008, it was everything i hoped for and more.Me and my mum booked a standard room, which had 2 double beds a fabulous bathroom and coffee making facilities, the beds were comfortable, feather duvets and lots of pillows.It was close to a shop 2 doors down, a bakery 3 blocks up and the subway 3 blocks away, 5th and the rock an easy walk.Ferro's next door was also great, good wine and salads for evening, and i have never seen such a breakfast spread and the eggs Benedict amazing!!I would defiantly return to the Kimberly.One word of caution, if the warm water runs brown, run the tap for a while, it is a old building, so rust can build up. Drinking cold water is fine different pipes.Overall i loved the Kimberly, good service, comfy beds and great coffee.	
Nov 21 2008 	Londoners	Stayed on the 12th November for 5nights i have never slept in a hotel as well as this, the beds are wonderful, everything was so clean, we stayed in a standard room but this was very large.Three years ago stayed at the Barclay intercontinental round the corner from the Kimberly,Barclay i found not a friendly hotel like the Kimberly and the rooms were smaller!Would recommend the Kimberly to anyone we are returning next year, cant wait.Well done Kimberly and thank you for a fantastic stay.	
Nov 14 2008 	Fantastic Hotel Even Better Location	Stayed here for 2 nights at the end of October. We booked a 1 bed apt through Quikbook. I rang the hotel a few weeks before arrival to ask for a room on a high floor(slightly less noise)and the lady in reservations said she would put the request onto our booking. She asked me what time our flight landed and as it was early she said she would also request an early check-in for us as we had young children.On arrival at the hotel both requests were honoured .Our room was 19E and was perfect. Spotless and spacious. The beds were very comfortable and the linen was first class.Only on our last day we discovered the remote controls for the beds!!!!!!!!!The staff were so helpful especially Kevin and Ralph .The location of the hotel is wonderful, between 3rd and Lexington on East 50th. There is a Starbucks beside the hotel, and the Subway is next to starbucks. You will hardly need it though as you are in walking distance of everything.Great Mexican restaurant &quot;Dos Caminos&quot; on 3rd avenue/East 50th crossroads (left out hotel front door - 2 mins). Make sure you try the guacamole - Wow, is it good.Loved New York. We will be back , and will stay at The Kimberely again, no doubt.	
Nov 5 2008 	Great hotel great location	Just come back from staying 3 nights at the Kimberley. The hotel is great and spotlessly clean. The location couldn't be better. You are walking distance of The Rockefeller, Empire State Building, Macys, Times Square etc. You are given $10 vouchers for the restaurant next door, but we didn't use these as we we're always somewhere else at mealtimes (so much to see and do). We just had a standard room but this was large and the bed hugh with 3 very big pillows each it was good to get back to after lots of walking. Flat screen TV on the wall, slippers, dressing gowns, coffee making facilities and fridge, everything you need. The staff were very friendly and always willing to help, especially the door staff. We had a 2 day hop on hop off tour for $49 each. For this you could see upper and lower Manhattan, have entry into museum of New York, visit Brooklyn and have a 75 min river cruise to Statue of Liberty (this only runs in season though, as we found out after walking all the way to the dock). You also get 10% off of Planet Holliwood on Times Square, so I think good value for money! If you want to see the Statue of Liberty go on the Statten Island Ferry, this is free and goes passed the Statue. If you are thinking of going to New York you should definitely go, we can't wait to go again and we will be staying at the Kimberly when we do!	
Nov 1 2008 	Excellent Hotel	This is our second time staying at this hotel. We chose to stay there again because we know it's in a safe central location, and the hotel itself is very good all around. All staff are excellent: friendly, courteous, helpful etc, but I have to give a special mention to Kevin and the other door staff, who made us feel very welcome.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is spending time in New York.	
Oct 8 2008 	For the money dont even think about it.	For the money that my company paid more then 600 dollars a night this hotel is a huge disappointment, It desperately needs to be refurbished. Has all the ticks to be a great hotel but an early 90s room is letting it down when asking for such premium prices. I was very disappointed. I have to say the staff where excellent.	
Sep 30 2008 	Fantastic	I stayed at the Kimberley for 8 nights during September 2008, with my Mum, Dad and brother. As we are all adults, we prefer to stay in an apartment/suite hotel, as it is often more expensive to have multiple hotel rooms, without the flexibility 'your own space' offers.Overall, we were very pleased with everything at the hotel. The 2 bed room was spacious and comfortable, with the benefit of a fridge, microwave and great view (we were on the 27th floor!). The added extra of a $10 voucher per person, per day, to spend in the restaurant was great. We had the breakfast there most days (a bargain at $6!). We also took advantage of the Sunday Brunch cruise on the hotel yacht and the internet facilities in reception. To top it all off, the door staff were especially friendly and helpful and really made our stay hassle-free.The location of the hotel is also a plus - one block from the 5 line and walking distance to Grand Central station means that getting around is easy. Also walking distance to Rockefeller, Park Ave, Times Square etc. There are also many places to eat nearby and a good supermarket 2 blocks away for milk etc.	
Sep 23 2008 	A Wonderful Experience	After an exhaustive search seeking a hotel to stay we took the punt with a boutique hotel and in hindsight it was the best decision we made. Location was perfect ... close to the subway ... close to restaurants, bars, convenience stores ... close proximity to Times Sq, Rockefeller, 5th avenue shopping, etc, etc. Staff were very friendly and always willing to assist. The room and accommodation itself was first class. We do not experience one single problem within the room. Th bed was comfortable ... the bathroom clean and working ... TV was of a great size ... air con was flowing ... Loved the room. Facilities at the hotel were also good. Business centre with internet facilities were well utilised and accessible. Restaurant food was very nice and reasonably priced. In the end I would highly recommend the Kimberly Hotel to any single, couple or family. It was everything I wanted and needed ... and I travelled all the way from Australia.	
Sep 17 2008	Great Manhattan Location	The hotel was fab. In a fantastic location in Midtown Manhattan. We only stayed in a standard room (ie not a suite) but the beds were sooo comfortable and the room was plush. The porters and concierge were lovely, helpful and didn't ask for or expect a tip once, although we did tip right at the end of the holiday. The receptionists were polite but a bit sullen and not over-friendly which was the only downside. We even got a daily $10 voucher each for a meal in the ajoining restaurant, Ferro's where we ate a lovely and reasonable priced lunch. All-in-all a fantastic place to stay and I would definately stay there again!	
Sep 16 2008 	Fabulous Hotel In A Superb Location	We had a fabulous stay at The Kimberly for 8 nights in late August/early September. No complaints from us on anything. Our room was spacious, quiet (we requested an away-from-it-all room). The beds were comfortable and linens high quality. Big, well appointed bathroom. We don't require maid service everyday and put our little don't disturb sign out. However, on the days we did want maid service, the room was impeccable. The staff was courteous, efficient and prompt. The conciere was also very helpful on helping us get around NYC. Be sure to take the free sunset cruise on the yacht they have--it's 3.5 hours and goes around the East River and up the Hudson (great views of the skyline. For $20 extra, you can enjoy the appeitzer buffet on the cruise. We didn't take advantage of membership to the health club (with pool) that the Kimberly is associated with, but we did enjoy the $10 dollar discount off the $16 full buffet at Ferro's next door. Lastly, this hotel is centrally located in a safe eastside area on 50th and close to the subway. We'll be back.	
Sep 9 2008 	Midweek trip to NYC with the Kids	My wife and I booked the Kimberly after an exhaustive review of upscale hotels in NYC that could accommodate our family of 5 (Me, my wife, our twin 5 year olds and our 4 year old). We are very picky about where we stay wherever we go. All in all the Kimberly was perfect and I would highly recommend it. The suite we had was a good size (for Manhattan), very clean, with a balcony and well above the street noise. The small kitchenette was ideal for us as it had a fridge, microwave, and was well equipped with plates, utensils, and glasses. The location was perfect, just a couple of blocks from St.Patrick's/Rockefeller center and there were two subway stations close by. We found a great bagel place and several nice restaurants within a two block radius. The staff were friendly and accommodating. We had to cut short our trip by one night due to an unforeseen circumstance and the hotel staff were very understanding. I have booked the Kimberly again for a two night trip in December and am looking forward to visiting the Kimberly again.	
Sep 5 2008 	Great find in NYC	We stayed here for 5 nights with a 2 year old. We had the one bedroom apartment and it worked really well. Heaps of space and great little kitchen. The location is brilliant, easy to get to everything. Made use of the computers in the lobby - cramped but free. Ate breakfast at the hotel and it was ok but didn't appreciate them charging for the 2 year old who sat on our lap and ate basically nothing. Also, I used hotel phone to phone a land line in Connecticut and the charges were exorbident. These were the only negatives. The positives were the location, room size, comfy bed, kitchenette. Really was a terrific place place to stay and would consider it again if we didn't live so far away (Australia)!	
Aug 25 2008 	Outstanding service and accomodations	We stayed here for our honeymoon. We were given champagne and the minibar stock for free. Our room had a balcony with two parts to it. One part of the balcony was enclosed in, so that one can be protected if it rains. The concierge arranged a sunset harbor cruise around Manhattan. The cruise was complimentary for all of the guests. The hotel is located a block from the subway, and is an easy stroll to Rockefeller Center.	
Aug 19 2008 	We chose well	we chose this as it was written up in a guide book as having great family rooms, in great location and not prohibitively pricey...the guide book was absolutely right.We had a one-bedroom suite (i think all rooms are 'suites') which had 2 double beds in the bed room, large sitting room, small but adequate bathroom and plenty of extras (extra sink, microwave, coffee perculator, 2 huge TVs, big fridge, etc etc). Hotel's having a bit of a refurb it seems of some of its room but there was little disruption. Had a light lunch in the restaurant one day and that was very good. Staff were generally very good and genuinely friendly (not just on the look out for tips).Location on East 50th between Lexington and 3rd was excellent. Negatives? Front desk was a bit sullen. Hotel only has two small lifts and so waiting for one takes a painfully long time, however they are in the process of adding a third so this should improve things.Generally really very good and if we go to NYC again with the kids, we almost certainly would return.	
Aug 15 2008 	great hotel!!!!	I would recommend this hotel to anyone! My family brought me here for my 21st birthday and I had the time of my life! New York was one of the most exciting places I have ever been to and the hotel was magnificent! When we arrived they had upgraded us to a duplex suite free of charge! the rooms were beautiful and the beds were so comfortable you completely forget about the bustle of the city and you're asleep in no time! The staff was very friendly especially helping us park, especially in manhattan! Check out the kimberly the next time you're in manhattan im sure you wont be disappointed! and be sure to ask for Ralph the door greeter!	
Jul 27 2008 	If it's Good Enough for a U.S. President.....	Just returned from NYC and a night at The Kimberly Hotel. I've stayed at a lot of hotels in the city, but this topped them all for value. I prefer the intimacy of boutique hotels and this hotel was also incredibly reasonable (comparably priced on most of the websites). The hotel website had much higher rates for the same rooms.Pros:Great location for shopping. Take the E train from Penn Station and you arrive a block from the hotel. Also plenty of cabs in the area.Our standard room was large, quiet and immaculate. Bathroom was average size, renovated with marble floors etc. and shelf space for toiletries. And the air conditioning purred - no clunking as the temperature adjusted. Comfortable beds with crisp, white sheets. And so clean - a great room.The staff is well trained and helpful. I mentioned my concern regarding the noisy rooms by the night club mentioned in some of the Trip Advisor reviews, and the receptionist immediately took care that our room was in a quiet location. Concierge provided great maps and a recommendation for a moderately priced Italian restaurant on 53rd St. between 2nd and 3rd. Felt like the East Village - 10 tables - and very inexpensive. La Gioconda - fantastic food - esp. the crepes with chocolate sauce! Thank you, Lindsay, for that recommendation. Management take note - Lindsay should be your top PR person- charming and efficient!The $10.00 coupon towards the $20.00 buffet breakfast was well worth it. We also had a late lunch there that was excellent.Cons:For the hotel, none. The area, however, was very crowded and rushed, but it is summer and the tourists are spending their Euros. And there are stores everywhere.And should I complain when there is a framed letter from President Jimmy Carter complimenting the hotel? It seems he has stayed there many times.	
Jul 14 2008 	Bargain hotel in Mid Manhattan	Central and safe. Four nights in luxurious accommodation for a fraction of the cost of the well known hotel where we usually stay a block away! Comfortable suite with kitchen, if needed, + balcony and views over Manhattan. Just two minutes walk to St Patrick's Cathedral. An incredibly busy schedule demanded a central hotel and the Kimberly provided all we needed - sumptious bedroom and separate drawing room with cosy sofas, desk and chairs. Printer/fax provided + stack of paper and laptop was up and running immediately + a Business Centre on ground floor. High quality furnishings and fabrics. Staff helpful and polite. Room service fast and efficent. In pouring rain the doorman found a taxi almost immediately - nothing was too much trouble. The restaurant was relaxed and food good. Will definitely use this hotel again, perhaps for a longer stay with teenage children as sofabeds in drawing room and plenty of room for all the family.	
Jun 30 2008 	Loved the Kimberly	The service at the Kimberly is absolutely great! The doorman, concierge and reception are super friendly. The suites are large and for a decent price! Restaurant and bar are also nice and friendly. Location is also good, within serveral minutes you can be everywhere. I will definitely stay here again on my next visit to New York.	
Jun 25 2008 	Best Hotel Ever!!!!!	I loved this hotel!! Most people say the rooms look old fashion.. but they arent and they are really cozy and nice. I really liked this hotel. The staff was excellent and very quick. Whenever I ordered room service they came up right away. I wouldl for sure stay at this hotel again. It is good for all ages. I think that everyone will enjoy there stay at this hotel. The rooms were very nice, and the beds were very comfortable. The pool was so nice and relaxing. I wanted to spend my whole time at the hotel there! This hotel also has very good dining. The food was very good and the service was very quick. I enjoyed my stay at the Kimberly New York Hotel. I suggest this hotel to anybody who is coming with familys and children. My kids loved this hotel!This is a really good hotel!!	
Jun 20 2008 	Cute place but ...	This was our first stay in a boutique hotel and overall we've had quite a positive experience. On the positive side, the staff is excellent, the suites are spacious, and the location is great. On the negative side, the rooms are really dated (ugly green carpets), old and dirty AC units, cheap looking sofa, tiny bathroom. The reception area is very small and would benefit from more chairs (there were only 4) and air-conditioning. There was a construction (a new elevator?) at the time of our visit but we didn't notice any noice. You get $10 coupon for breakfast in the next door restaurant, which we used ones and enjoyed the quality and quantity of the bufet style food.	
May 8 2008 	Not Bad	Not too bad....the rooms were a mix of 4-5 star and a Courtyard Marriott style....the beds were the saving grace as they were soooooo comfy and amazing....the ac didn't work well so at times the rooms were stuffy....the staff was amazing....beyond helpful and nice...we would probably stay again as the price was great for being right in the heart of east side near everything...however we would probably check other hotels first for an over all nicer room...	
May 2 2008 	Brilliant stay! Great hotel.	Me and mom, sister and aunt decided to go to new york. I looked around for hotels that had big rooms with more than one bed!The kimberly suited this! We arrived at the hotel and was greeted by very friendly door men! When we got to the reception they decided to upgrade us from the one bed suite to one of the duplex rooms! So we were very pleased with that! When we got to the room, we were god smacked! It was amazing! There was 2 floors, 2 baths and 2 balconys. Each floor had a king size bed and a wide screen tv. There was a very fancy spiral stair case as well! Over all we were very pleased. It ment me and my sister could leave my mom and aunt to rest while we went upstairs. The location itself was great! Just off 5th avenue. There's a subway just a couple blocks down. All in walking distance with central park, 5th avenue, rockerfella center, empire state building, times square! Right smack bang in the middle.We were given vouchers for the resturant which we used in the morning. There's a lovely buffet in the morning with lots of fresh fruit, pancakes, waffels, french toast, omletes, cereals. On the weekends, breakfast is free! The staff there were also very friendly.If you didn't want to eat out there's a food shop around the corner with a big deli type bar with loads of fruits, hot food, pasta, salads.There's a concierge in the reception also, who are very helpful.All in all a brilliant stay and would def go back!	
May 1 2008	Kimberly 29/4/08	Just returned from NY and will definately be going back but wont be staying at The Kimberly. Nothing wrong with the staff and room but from our room (5J) we had no view and was next to a nightclub. Spent a lot of money of taxi's back and forth to Meat Packing District and Greenwich Village. 7/10.	
Apr 12 2008 	Great rooms and location but lacking friendliness	Arrived at the hotel after a much delayed flight was greeted by very friendly doorman but cannot say the same about the reception greeting. Reception area small and reception staff quite unfriendly.The one bedroom suite was large, clean with very comfy beds. Refurbishment work was going on at the hotel which we were aware of before booking. Whilst there were no major disturbances the workman were using the lifts and on a number of occasions we had to resort to resort to the stairs. We were given money off vouchers to use in the restaurant but we did not use them as thought there were better dining experiences elsewhere. Location was great and given the good size of the suite and room facilities would consider staying again. Hope next time reception staff will be a bit more friendly - it is New York!	
Apr 12 2008 	Fantastic!	My husband and I spent a weekend at The Kimberly for our 10th year anniversary. It was the first time either of us had been to New York City. The hotel was great! The suite provided plenty of space and it is within easy access to all the great sites such as Rockefellar Center and Times Square. You have your own kitchen and there is a market within walking distance for snacks and drinks. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The absolute best feature is the bed. Wow! The mattresses were so comfortable! Nice to come in and relax after spending the day....or night on the town. We would definitely recommend this place for couples or famililes.	
Apr 10 2008	Great location homey place	The Kimberly Hotel is in a great midtown location with lots of other hotels and places to eat, both humble and elegant. I agree with all of the past reviewers, that the lobby is small and pretty, with antiques, but the room was a bit tired. They are in midst of rehabbing, and I bet the newer rooms are spiffier than our suite on the 4th floor was. But it was very comfortable, clean and having a full kitchen was a treat. We were tired after a full day, and were happy to do take-out and eat at &quot;home&quot;.The bedding was really nice and reminded me of Switzerland. The down duvet was covered with fine linens, and not tucked in. The street noise was very loud, but in NYC we expected that. The staff is congenial. We'd stay here again.	
Mar 31 2008 	You only get one chance at a first impression	I’m almost torn to tell you my experience with this hotel as after initial problems we had an absolutely fantastic stay. We arrived tired after the flight from London, and were really disappointed to discover that instead of the one bedroom apartment with two double beds that we’d booked, there was only one bed in the room. No real issue, we thought a quick trip back down to reception would sort out the problem. I can honestly say in all the hotels I have stayed in, the lady on reception was the rudest and most unhelpful I’ve ever come across. She said the hotel was full and she couldn’t move us, and that it was our fault. Quite how I really don’t know but we just wanted to crash out for a couple of hours and her attitude was horrific. As she was barking away I found myself reading a thank you letter on the wall from Jimmy Carter, saying what a great stay he’d had there and how courteous the staff were. Clearly this chick hadn’t been working that day…Anyway, we asked for the manager who turned up 10 minutes later and said he’d put a rollaway bed in the room, and then three of us would share the other bed. Luckily we’re not the tallest girls in the world, and I must say the bed was huge! We were in fact moved from 3E to 29G the next day (boy that’s high!) and a nice bottle of wine was waiting for us with an apology letter from the manager. I was later to learn that the behaviour of this one individual was not the standard the rest of the hotel staff; they were all lovely with a capital L. OK, now for the good bits. We were there for a girlie holiday (ages 22-28) with a mission to celebrate St Patrick’s Day and go shopping. The second room we had was excellent and well equipped with kitchenette, dish washer, iron and board, drinks, snacks, bath robes and wow what a view! We had a problem when the sink blocked one day and rang Hotel Maintenance, who arrived with in five minutes to fix it. As I’ve said, the staff are so attentive (apart from the one awful receptionist) and the doorman Harry deserves a mention. He’s a real star and took complete care of us. The only other small gripe was the speed of the elevators. If you’re on a high floor, be prepared to wait a while then stop at most floors on the way down.The location of the Kimberly is superb, about 10 minutes walk from the shops on 5th Avenue, and with plenty of restaurants nearby (we like Houston’s on 3rd). We also spent way too much time in The Pig &amp; Whistle, also on 3rd (go say hi to Pete and Liam) and PJ Clarkes across the street, which has an interesting oyster bar in the middle of the pub. The area has a residential feel to it and I never felt unsafe, even when walking alone at night. All in all, a fantastic hotel and I couldn’t recommend it highly enough. We were lucky enough to have this hotel paid for us, but I would imagine it’s worth every single penny. Just watch out for that one miserable check in clerk!	
Mar 13 2008 	Good value for a nice hotel	I have stayed here several times. This time I stayed in the Diplomat 2bdr suite. The bed was comfortable, The rooms had nice comfortable furnishings. Flat screen lcd TV's in each bdr and regular TV in living area. A terrace/balcony you can sit out on, but I just went out to check the weather. The hotel is a little old. The heater in each room had issues, but the staff responded immediately and fixed the problems, even on the first night when we got in at 2130. They came up right away.The staff is very nice. The buffet breakfast is pretty good and with the coupons they gave us, a bargin at $6 per person + tip, By the way, I tipped the maids $5 a day, what do other people do?The location is great. Just down from the Lex Ave subway at 50th.	
Mar 5 2008	Wonderful !	My daughter is currently contemplating colleges. In a misguided attempt to dissuade her from going far away in scary (to a mom) New York, I took her for a long weekend to the Big Apple. The Kimberly Hotel was in a great location, the staff could not be more helpful and the rooms were large enough to accommodate a crabby teenager and mother without any fuss. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to avoid the giant impersonal hotels, as you will have all the amenities and none of the hassle. Awesome Experience!	
Feb 11 2008 	Make sure you get a refurbed room!	We stayed in the Kimberly in November 2006, for a family get together over Thanksgiving. We chose the hotel on location and the apparent quality of the rooms, as shown on its website.When we arrived we were struck by the location, which is excellent, just to the rear of the Waldorf, a short stroll from Park Avenue. The public areas were promising too, done out in quite a stylish manner, but not too glitzy.Our room was a big disappointment. We had booked a suite that gave us a bedroom for my wife and I and a bed-sofa for our two children. Both rooms had small balconies, though the views weren't fabulous. My main problem with the room was that it looked very tired indeed, with loose fittings in the bathroom and kitchen area and a general down at heel feel to it. We phoned reception and asked what the deal was with the room not being like the one we had booked, and were told that only some of the rooms had been rennovated, and that ours was one that hadn't. We asked to see another available room, and were told that there was only one other that could accomodate us, but that it was identical to the one we had already, and was just two floors higher up the building. We grudgingly accepted the room that we had been given.Spending time in the room allowed us to see just how poor it really was. The worst thing of all was that it was a room where whatever you did, you seemed to generate enormous amounts of static electricity, so that whenever you touched anything, a shock ensued. We gave up kissing th children, as each time we were left with stinging lips! One evening I was getting their bed ready in the lounge area, and was unrolling the blankets in the dark, as it was late and we wanted to get them to bed. As I let the blanket open out, I could see a shower of small sparks!Fortunately in the wonderful city that NYC is, we did not spend a great deal of time in the room. However, this was just as well, as it was at best poor.I would rate the public areas of the hotel as a strong 3-Star, but the room a weak 2-Star, similar to a cheap hotel room in France for example.The hotel's restaurant is a dark and uninviting area off the main lobby. We ate there one eveining and had a very good meal indeed. We also tried it for lunch on the day of our departure, and found it just as good.In summary, make sure that you don't get put in the stables, and you will have a gret time at the Kimberley. We can't help feeling let down though, as my wife was very careful to check on the rooms when we booked, and then to be so disappointed on arrival is plain unacceptable.	
Jan 30 2008	Wow...	When I was booking my 10 day 30th birthday treat in New York, I wanted something special and not too expensive. This hotel caught my eye and I was immediately seduced by the traveller photos on tripadvisor. However, although it was very cheap for what it seemed to be offering, it was a little more expensive than other hotels in the exact same area, and the money would only be justified if it really was as special as it looked (tripadvisor reviews vouched for the great amount of space, but as I was travelleing alone, charm and fantasy were much more important to me). I decided that it was too much of an expensive gamble and I went for the safe and cheaper bet of a well known chain hotel in the same area, which had raving reviews. Upon arriving in New York, even though I was satisfied with my hotel, I was curious to see 'The Kimberly' for myself (also since I'd fallen in love with New York, I wanted to check it out for future trips!) The staff were without exception immediately very welcoming, and I was shown around several different types of rooms! The lady that showed me around was obviously very proud of the hotel she worked in (that's always a good sign!). I just had to post this review on tripadvisor for all those who think this hotel is 'too good to be true' when they see the pics on the hotel website, and like me, opt for safer options and never discover the beauty of this rare place. The rooms are even more beautiful, spacious, and luxurious than they look on the website. From the gorgeous fluffy bedding to the luxrious carpet that your feet sink into as you enter the room. And so calm and sunny. I thought that being an appartment hotel it would be full of noisy kids, but actually it has more of a 'couples' feel to it than 'family' feel. It would certainly spoil the feel of the place if there were noisy kids running around, but it doesn't seem to have been designed with kids in mind. A word of advice - they have a mixture of dated and more renovated rooms. Personally, I prefer the dated ones (they're very well kept, and I prefer the charm and character of these), but I know some people would hate this decor, so don't forget to request a more modern renovated room if that's the case (I had a look at one of these too, and they are the same as the pics on the hotel website). As I say, I didn't stay here. But I fell in love with this hotel as soon as I saw it, and I thought that maybe there is someone out there reading these reviews, looking for something really unique and special for their trip to New York, and thinking like me, that it all looks too good to be true... I went for the safer option, and I was very lucky with my choice of hotel too, so I don't regret it, but I just thought this place deserved a special mention, since it really is a very special place in a wonderful location. And hopefully, someday soon, I'll be back here, and will be able to write another review...	
Jan 22 2008 	Awesome	This is an outstanding hotel. The location is excellent and the staff is the best in the world. They were friendly and took time to get to know us. We had a 2 bedroom 2 bath suite and it was more spacious than all of apartments I have lived in. The staff is sooo helpful and recommended restaurants for us that were delicious. I would definately recommend this hotel to everyone and I will stay here again!	
Jan 2 2008	The Kimberly: Best kept secret in NYC	This is the second time I've stayed in this little haven and I can't imagine ever staying anyplace else . It is very quiet, conveniently located to all major attractions, but away from the commotion that some of the larger hotels attract. While the suites don't have designer furnishings, everything is spotless. Staff is very attentive, and without &quot;the attitude&quot;.	
Dec 30 2007 	Great Hotel Alternative In NYC	We really like d the Kimberly. Great location in mid-town right down the street from The Rock. Very friendly staff. Excellent value: 1 bdrm suite with really comfortable king bed, queen pull-out sofabed, balcony, kitchenette. Perfect for family with kids. Will go again.	
Dec 30 2007 	Great suite - location - concierge - balconies!! Very good hotel.	We stayed at the Kimberly in Suite 8 I for 4 nights over the weekend before Christmas. It was a 3 generation &quot;girls&quot; trip including me (a 30 something mom), my 10 year old daughter, and my 60ish mother. Before we arrived Octavio, a great concierge, was extremelely helpful with our planning &amp; arranging transportation. The duplex suite was perfect for us. The duplexes have their own &quot;Kimberly Townhouses&quot; elevator just for the 8 floors so we didn't experience any delays. Upon entering you are in the bottom floor bedroom room with king bed, dining table, fridge, large flat screen TV, closet with safe (nicely done - customized w/lots of shelves), spiral staircase, bathroom, 3 windows, &amp; patio door. The downstairs patio is especially great during cooler weather because it protects against wind with 2 half and 2 full walls. There is an umbrella table w/2 chairs. Up the stairs is an enclosed landing with microwave &amp; coffee maker. Entrances to the upstairs bath and bedroom have doorways so privacy was very good between up and down stairs. The upstairs bathroom is identical as downstairs - mostly marble, good tub (can actually bathe in it!), great robes, &amp; a floor heater. The upstairs bedroom is fantastic! King bed, sofa, flat screen, great closet, large desk area w/fax, &amp; 2 doors to an AMAZING balcony. It is very open with great views of 50th St.E. &amp; has an umbrella table w/2 chairs too - but a lot more room than downstairs. Downsides to the Kimberly..... Problems with water pressure (water went from hot to cold intermittently), problem with upstairs getting hot in the middle of the night (in the winter although heater was turned off), and room service food wasn't consistent - one night had amazing pizza and 2 nights later it was horrible.Good things besides the room details....The location was just a block from the Waldorf but I think we got a better value. Octavio arranged a car service to and from the airport for us that was very good (around $110 for LGA) and a private tour of the city along with restaurant reservations &amp; vip passes. We weren't affected by hotel construction noise, just some street noise. The restaurant, Ferro's is under some construction. We treated my daughter to a great 1st time in NYC-Wicked, Xanadu (highly recommend Stage Seating-it was amazing!), American Girl Place, Tavern on the Green, Met.Museum of Art, Radio City, Top of the Rock, Sardi's, Mars 2112 (amazing experience esp. for kids-not so great food though), &amp; the View Restaurant @ Marriott Marquis. We were so happy to come back to the Kimberly each night!	
Dec 26 2007 	Great Service and Location	We stayed here Dec. 20 to 23. Glad to say both elevators are now working. Never an issue. The location is great and the staff very helpful except on the last morning when we could not get anyone to answer any phone and send up a bellman for our luggage. We were in room 5c which could use some updating. The chair backs at the table were broken and it just seemed dated. My girls were very excited when they entered the lobby and then disappointed when they saw our room. The bed however is one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Would definitely stay here again for the extra room, location and friendly staff.	
Dec 21 2007 	We loved this hotel	We had a long weekend in New York to celebrate our sons 18th birthday.Picked a 2 bed suite at the Kimberly as it was cheaper than booking 2 twin rooms. Room size was excellent with plenty of room to move about. Beds very comfortable, bathrooms small but functional.I think others say that the place could do with a re-fit. I guess that is true, but it certainly doesn't detract from the charm of the place.The massive LCD tellies were a little incongruous and you could argue that the money spent on them would have been better spent on new curtains, but again, i think that would be harsh.Simple fact is that its a comfortable, friendly hotel, in a great location at a reasonable price. What more do you want?	
Dec 19 2007	Great Value for Prime Location in Mid-Manhattan	This was our second visit to the Kimberly, an all-suites hotel. We brought our children so we had a two bedroom suite, with a great view. The location is wonderful and the price was very reasonable considering its location. Obviously, this is not the Waldorf (which is only one block away) but it's great if you have your family with you and you want a kitchen and lots of room.	
Nov 27 2007 	Great Rooms Good Location Pricey	Very nice 1 bedroom suite in a great location near shopping and subway. Staff very friendly. This was a business junket, so we didn't have to pick up the tab. I think it was around $400/night. I could never afford to stay here on my own, but it was fun for just this one time.	
Nov 23 2007	Great Location Comfortable Hotel	We are 3 ladies who stayed at the Kimberly for a 4 night sight-seeing and shopping trip. we shared a one bed suite which had a huge bed in the bedroom and a pull out bed in the sitting room. The suite also had kitchen facilities although the gas supply had been disconnected for security reasons, but as all we wanted to do was make tea, coffee and toast we didn't care. We all felt extremely comfortable. There was no bar in the hotel which didn't worry us but it had a restaurant which we didn't use as we liked to try restaurants in different areas of the city each night. However next door is a great little diner for breakfast brunch, or a snack!The staff were excellent, very obliging, nothing was too much trouble. The room was cleaned daily with fresh sheets and towels, the bathroom was adequate rather than large but was more than made up for by the bedroom &amp; sitting room.The location was brilliant, just a short walk to St Patricks Cathedral, the Rockerfella Centre and Fith Ave. (If you do nothing else in New York go to the Top of the Rock)!! Be prepared to travel for decent, reasonably priced restaurants as it is mainly expense account dining in the area so is quite pricey, we had great fun trying different places to eat and had mixed fortunes but thats all part &amp; parcel of it. We didn't use the subway at all only taxis and had no problems and we felt they were good value. Just watch out between 5-6pm as they change shifts and can be hard to find. We would definately recommend the Kimberly if you want a comfortable hotel with no frills in the centre of the action!	
Nov 15 2007	A delightful stay!	My husband and I spent three nights at the Kimberly Hotel and it was wonderful. Our room had a living area and a bedroom so we had plenty of room to stretch out which is unlike most hotel rooms I have stayed in New York. It was very clean and had lots of closet and drawer space. The two TV sets solved the every problematic fight over the remote control!It has the most comfortable beds that I have every tried and enough fluffy pillows to feel like a queen. What most impressed me, however, was the service. It was superb. We were always addressed by name when entering or leaving the hotel from the moment we checked in. Best of all, two weeks after we left, we discovered that we had left two shopping bags of clothes that we had purchased at Bloomingdales in one of the closets. I called the hotel and they had them in the mail to us by the next day and not one thing was missing. The only problem was that one of the elevators was not working so getting up and down was quite slow but the service and comfort of the Kimberly hotel more that made up for that glitch.	
Oct 28 2007 	fantastic hotel	I am just back from a stay in NYC and stayed at this hotel for six fantastic nights. One of the best things was the staff, they were all so friendly a special memtion to Harry the door man he was a true gent and always was happy and very helpfull.The hotel was in a great location with Smith and Wolenskys just around the corner and Mint resturant right across the street, both fantastic eating places.Four of us stayed at this hotel myself , husband and our 17 year old daughter and 14 year old son, we had a one bed suit, and the only thing we had to do was request two pull down beds for the living room as the sofa bed was very uncormftable, however this was certainly not a problem and there was plenly of room for them. the bed in the bedroom was very cormfortable.I would throughly recommend this hotel and when I go back to NYC will def stay there again. It's location was fantastic and very safe at night, the rooms were all cleaned to perfection.	
Oct 28 2007 	Excellent hotel - would return.	Stayed here for 5 nights and we were very happy overall. The only hitch when we were there was our friends got stuck in the elevator which was very scary for them, but was taken very lightly by the hotel.The elevators seem very old and seem to break down frequently. I believe that they should be replaced.Other than that were were pleased with the hotel. It's a great location.Laura	
Oct 19 2007	My Favorite in NYC	I've stayed at the Kimberly a couple of dozen times over the last 15 years. It's my first choice of hotel in NYC and I stay there whenever I can. For the price of a 5 star hotel room you get a full suite with very comfortable bed and a lovely living room, just like an apartment. (It was actually built as an apartment building.)The staff is excellent and some (including Kevin, the doorman) have been there since I started staying there in the early 1990s.The only drawbacks: the elevators are slow, it's a bit tough to catch a cab in front of the hotel (I usuall walk two doors over to third ave) and it can get a bit pricey in high season.But it's luxurious, updated, clean and very comfortable, in a perfect location.	
Oct 8 2007 	Loved the location	This hotel was exactly what we were looking for. With 2 teenaged daughters, we needed a two bedroom w/ 2 baths. The bonus was the living area and small kitchen we used for snacks and breakfast. The price is better than gettting two hotel rooms at a similar property. The subway is 1.5 blocks away and covenient to everything NYC has to offer. We were on the 29th floor with views of the Chrysler building - we heard no traffic noise this high up. The staff (especially the bellmen) were very friendly and helpful.The only negative is that I have to agree with other reviews that the rooms and baths need to be refurbished. The only thing updated thus far are the flat screen tv's. It is not a fancy hotel, but suited our needs and space requirements.	
Oct 8 2007	Great hotel but......	We recently booked two suites for a long weekend. The rooms are updated, beds very comfortable, large, bathroom average. One suite had no air conditioning from either a/c unit for two nights. The other suite lost a/c from the unit in the bedroom for one night. While everything else looks very nice, a/c units look (and sound) very old and unreliable. Staff very accommodating.	
Oct 5 2007	A patchy experience	The location is very convenient, the staff was very helpful and courteous but the hotel itself is definitely in need of upgrading. Our room on the 18th floor was large and would have been great except for the feeling that it hadn't been maintained or refurbished in years. I also didn't feel that it had been cleaned very well. The bathroom especially is in need of work. And a more modern air conditioner that lets you sleep wouldn't go amiss.	
Sep 17 2007 	Awesome beds!	Looking for a central, comfortable hotel in midtown? You can’t do much better than The Kimberly. Rooms were larger than average, staff very accommodating, beds are just awesome! Huge and very comfortable.Little noisy at night with traffic, even though we were on the 8th floor but where in NY isn’t? We didn’t eat here at all but the place is surrounded by great restaurants and cafes so you won’t go hungry. 5 mins to the main shopping areas and 10 mins walk to Bloomingdales.Will definitely stay here again!	
Sep 6 2007 	Home away from home	Loved this hotel! Our apt. suite was more than I could have hoped for. I have made many trips to N.Y. city and stayed in quite a few 4 star hotels. This by far was the best. Every day that I returned to my suite I felt like I was coming home to my own apt. instead of just a plain hotel room. The livingroom combo kitchen was big enough for a small party. The bedroom was bigger than most 4 star hotels with more than enough room as not to feel cramped. Both rooms had windows that took up an entire wall. Great open feeling. The balcony was to die for. It was really nice to be able to have my morning coffee sitting on the balcony and looking up at the sky. The maid service was excellent. Very clean. The resturant is some of the best Italian food I have ever had in New york. I have found my home away from home.	
Aug 24 2007 	Rooms nice elevators performance bad	Suite was very nice and the beds extremely comfortable. Good location within walking distance to Rockefeller Center, Times Square, Central park etc. We had a nice dinner at Fretto's next door and a good buffet breakfast there too. Doorman was very pleasant and helpful as were the concierges.Only 2 complaints. Room was noisy from all the air conditioning units on the roof below us. Worst of all was the situation with the lifts. Typically one of them was not working so the other was over used by 29 floors of rooms. On our last day we waited about 30 minutes for the lift to stop on our floor to take our cases etc to check out. Major rehaul of the lifts is sorely needed	
Aug 4 2007	Wonderful Hotel	I was referred to the Kimberley Hotel by a good fiend who said the location was great and the kitchens were a nice addition for snacks, drinks and anything else you could want while staying in a hotel. She was right. The location was awesome. Almost everything you need is within walking distance. You can pick up fresh produce and grocery items 2 blocks away, there is a liquor store across the street from that. Bars, restaurants, shops, everything you can imagine is nearby.But the best part of our stay was the beds! I have never slept in a more comfortable bed in my life! We had a two bedroom suite with one king bed and one queen and they were both heaven to sleep in.The staff was very friendly and helpful. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 6 2007 	great Hotel lovely staff	We are a family of 5, 2 adults 3 children. I chose the Kimberly after reading reaviews on trip advisor. This hotel was great. We were all in a suite 1 bedroom. The room was spotless, the conciege staff were fab especially ralph my kids loved him. I found New York over whelming and very busy. the hotel in in a great location.	
Jul 5 2007	Great stay at The Kimberly	One of the nicest hotels we've stayed in. The staff was most accomodating and attentive. The rooms were lovely, the bed was wonderful. We were in town for our daughter's wedding and had booked several rooms. Upon the last check-in there was a slight miscommunication, however it was immediately taken care of. The location was very convenient, yet quiet. We will absolutely return to The Kimberly.	
Jun 25 2007	A Small but Lovely Hotel	My sister and I stayed at the Kimberly for one night. It was lovely. The beds in the rooms were ultra comfortable. The rooms are equipped w/ safes and even an room alarm, so I felt very safe. The staff was professional and nice, especially the doorman.All in all, I was very satisfied with the Kimberly and would stay there again.(By the way, Jimmy Carter has and continues to stay at the Kimberly when he goes to NYC. Posted at the front desk is a framed letter written by Carter in which he lauds the hotel).	
Jun 23 2007 	Wonderful hotel were it was safe to walk at any time	We stayed here for our 20 anniversary and found the location to be fantastic. We love to walk and were located less then a 20 minute walk from Time Square, Central Park or Grand Central Station and just around the corner from Rockerfeller Center and lots of shoppping. It did not matter the time of day we walked we always felt safe compared to other areas of Manhattan. There were door man at every hotel in this area as well as alot of extra security due to all the diplomats staying in the area. Our Room was 6I and had a large dressing area and bathroom plus sitting area with 2 queen size beds. The beds were very nice with nice cozy feather comforters. The umberllas in the room were a nice touch to bad we didn't take one with us on one of our walks. The concierge was knowledgable and helpful but Rolph the doorman was great recomending little pubs and getting taxi or limos.	
Jun 1 2007 	Good Boutique Hotel	We have recently returned from a 4 night stay at the Kimberly. In short the hotel is slightly dated and in need of some refurbishment. However this should not detract from staying there. The reception staff were efficient but where this hotel comes into its own is the doormen and the concierge. Each of whom were absolutely fantastic. I am very lucky as I work in the travel industry and get to see many countries and stay in some very beautiful hotels but I have to say the guys on the door were so courteous and the concierge very knowledgable it was a pleasure to be greeted by them when coming back to the hotel after a busy day. The suite itself was very clean and tidy but as stated a little dated. The only area for complaint was the bad attitude of one of the bar staff in the restaurant one young girl in particular. She really let the hotel down with her very poor customer service. Not in keeping with the rest of The Kimberly staff! Excellent location for all areas and close to the subway. Walk down out of the hotel a few blocks to where you will find some excellent restaurants Italian, Seafood and French all very reasonably priced.	
May 15 2007 	Would not recommend the Kimberly Hotel	After a great 3 night stay at the Kimberly Hotel in May 2006 I booked again for a 4 night stay in October 2006 but this time requesting a luxury suite for 4 nights - Again the staff was outstanding but unfortunately the luxury suite did not meet the standard I was anticipating. I stayed in suite 23G. Not only was the bathroom much smaller that the one during my past stay, the plug for the Jacuzzi tub did not work, that was one of the main reasons for getting the luxury suite. The faucet in the mini bar came off in my hand and that sink was unusable, I had problems with the safe, the drapes in the living room would not close leaving an opening of 8 feet, had problems with the wall mounted TV. After returning home I wrote a letter the the manager whose name I was given at the front desk and did not receive any response from the Kimberly Hotel. I would not stay there again and woudl not recommend that hotel to anyone.Why did I wait so long to place this - I just found Trip Advisor - staying at the Benjamin Hotel at the end of May and this time booked two suites, one for myself and the other for friends.	
Apr 15 2007 	Really Good Location and Wonderful service	This was a first visit to NYC for my husband and myself and The Kimberly was just what we were looking for in location, ambiance and service. We did not want a huge hotel that was impersonal. The size of the room was fantastic, especially because we had read so much about the small size of rooms in NYC. The full kitchen was terriffic because we had breakfast and sometimes dinner in. We felt we had our own apartment in midtown with the large living room and separate bedroom. The gas to the cook stove was turned off in the entire building due to &quot;safety concerns&quot; but it really wasn't necessary to our enjoyment.The hotel is obviously older and a little out of date fashion-wise but is very well maintained and very clean. The service from reservations to front desk to bell staff and doormen could not have been better. Their friendlyness and kind recommendations were consistant and helpful.The location was great for walking many places as well as very near the subway.We loved walking just two blocks to 2nd street between 50th &amp; 51st Ave for some great reasonably priced resturants as well as a good market. The Jamison provided a simple good meal with clean cozy ambiance one nite. On two other evenings we ate at Pasta Presto &amp; Grill for really good meals that were incredably well priced. We could not believe how people would wait hours for overpriced mediocure food from chains that you could get at any city in America instead of walk a few blocks to wonderful little neighborhoods for a really special meal, great ambiance and reasonable prices. We recommend this hotel highly to friends and family and look forward to going there again.	
Apr 3 2007 	Really great Hotel	Went for an all girls week in October 2006 and were pleased with the 2 bedroom, 2 bath suite at $635 per night. Five of us stayed and did not feel cramped in any way. It was nice having the refrigerator and microwave for a light breakfast before we set out for the day or for a late evening dessert. The only small complaint we had was 1) the sofa bed was very uncomfortable and 2) the stove did not work. However, the hotel was quick to offer a 30% discount to the restaurant located dowstairs and brought up a roll-away to replace the sofa bed. This hotel is located very near a subway entrance and within walking distance to many sights. The room was quiet, clean and furnished nicely. I would recommend it highly.	
Mar 2 2007 	Large rooms in the heart of midtown	Although I'm not a fan of midtown, and I much prefer to stay downtown, I was traveling with my teenage son, so we needed two beds, plenty of room, and some privacy from each other.Downtown hotels are extremely expensive, and geared toward couples (not the mom &amp; son variety!). So I was forced to look midtown and chose the Kimberly for their wide variety of rooms, at a decent price.I booked directly with the hotel in December for February 17-19, repeated all my requirements, including the date, and when I called back to confirm, they said you were a no show for January 17-19. I was outraged, as pretty much the first thing a reservations clerk should get right is The Date. Prices had gone up considerably since I had originally booked, but they honored the original price for a one-bedroom suite. They screwed up, but they made up for it. Can't fault them there.Valet parking was swift and seamless, just the way I like it. As midtown is particularly busy, this was particularly important. We arrived early (10:00 a.m.) and our suite was already available for us. Another plus.I opened the door, and the first thing I noticed was the Absence of Cigarette Smoke. Another plus. So many hotels say the room is no smoking, but they consider it no smoking if You don't smoke in there. Our suite was fresh smelling, clean, and Huge. Large kitchen, fully stocked with all the cookware you could ever need, large livingroom with pull-out queen sofa bed (my son said it was a bit uncomfortable, but being a teenager, didn't mind roughing it), and the master bedroom was huge and nicely appointed. Linens were high quality, the matress was comfortable, loads of pillows, and the comforter was a Very high quality down. Quite nice.Bathroom was very small, but after staying in many NYC hotels, I've become used to that. Shower pressure okay, nothing great, but no real complaints.Unfortunately, although my suite was no smoking, the Floor was not no smoking, and the hallways reeked of cigarettes. Not because anybody smoked in the hallways --- they didn't. But because the people in the suites across from mine were smokers, the fumes crept out into the hallway. Waiting for the elevator, outside Mr. &amp; Mrs. Tobacco's suite, was brutal.Hey Kimberly Hotel --- take a hint from your neighbors at The Benjamin: Make your entire hotel no smoking.Beyond that, a glorious stay. As all our activity was downtown, we either walked or took the bus, and the bus stops frequently on Lexington Ave. (downtown bound) and Third Ave. (uptown bound), with many stops along the way.People behind the lobby desk are a bit aloof, but they get the job done. The bellhops and attendants who open the door and help you out are Fantastic. Extremely well-mannered and cheery, without being intrusive.If the Kimberly were downtown, I'd definitely stay there again. If you're looking for a midtown hotel with large, clean rooms, competitively priced, and comfortable accommodations, I'd recommend it.	
Feb 9 2007	Great Room Great Location Great Value	Stayed at Kimberly for business earlier this week. It was my first time there and I was pleased in just about all aspects of the stay. Check-In was fast and efficient. The room was a good size and although you could tell the hotel is a bit on the older side of things, the room was very clean, and very large. Furnishings were of a good to very good quality, and room was quiet (15th floor). The king-sized bed was very comfortable and there were plenty of lights to complement the large windows in both the living room and bedroom areas. True, the rooms do not have flat-screen televisions, but both TVs worked just fine, and when I am in NYC, I am not there to watch TV if I can avoid it. Other reviewers may whine about this fact, but to me if the TV still works fine, why waste resources on a new one just to be trendy? (If you want trendy, stay somewhere else). Breakfast at the restaurant was ok, nothing special but not bad either...but a good value as it was included in the room rate for the stay. Staff was friendly and efficient. Location is just a half block away from the subway. From a value-for-money perspective, it was one of the best deals I have had in New York. You can spend twice as much for a room half the size in the same location, and it will probably be noiser. Because there only a handful of rooms on each floor, and the bedrooms are offset from the main hallway, you have next to no noise from the interior of the building at night to disturb your slumber. Overall, I would give this place a big endorsement and will stay there again.	
Feb 5 2007 	Disappointing Stay at the Kimberly	We chose to stay at the Kimberly because of its excellent reviews. Unfortunately, we were horribly disappointed. While the Hotel Manager was very nice, the Assistant Hotel Manager/Concierge was argumentative and rude. Additionally, the gentleman at the front desk technically did his work by checking us in, but he was not very helpful with our questions and acted like he'd rather be anywhere else than working at the front desk.The linens and towels in the room were beautiful and top-class. Unfortunately, the room itself was quite shabby and run-down. It was very obvious that this property was a converted apartment building and that no one had bothered to renovate this room (on the 4th floor). It was quite nice having a suite, but, once again, the furniture was old and worn out, the tvs were definitely old (compared to state-of-the-art tvs we've experienced at other hotels), and the room just looked terribly old and run-down. It was a huge disappointment from what we had been anticipating from reading other readers' reviews.At the front desk, there is a display of a letter from Jimmy Carter. I'm sure he had a much nicer room.	
Jan 5 2007 	Excellent stay at 'the Kimberley'	My wife and I stayed at the Kimberley Hotel for six days over this Christmas period.The Hotel met all our expectations:Although the foyer is on the small side all of the staff are polite and very efficient.Our room was very large containing numerous storage cupbords, large wardrobes, two TV's, a bed wider than it was long (&amp; very Comfortable), lounge area with a three peice suite and coffee table, Kitchen aea with all neccesary appliances, balcony.The only minor disapointment was that the bath was small, more of a huge shower tray and the shower was really powerful.Finally our moring breakfast was something that we both looked forward to. Basically a buffet with every style of breakfast food available including a designated egg man. Fantastic it was a pleasure tipping such service.	
Dec 28 2006 	My Family Still Raves about the Kimberly Hotel	This trip to New York was for our 2 daughter's (ages 6 and 8) &quot;birthday extravaganza&quot; weekend. We traveled to NYC on December 2 and 3rd to do the American Girl, Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, Central Park activities and had a blast. The Kimberly was perfect for our family of 4 and for friends of ours who traveled with us with 3 kids. The hotel was clean and nicely appointed. The location was fabulous and the staff, amazing. Harry, the doorman, was so kind to the children, he not only spoke to them, but played with them and made them feel like they were really welcome at the hotel. We will definitely go back to stay at the Kimberly.	
Dec 23 2006 	Lovely stay	we stayed 3 nights form oct the 19th, we both found the hotel and the staff excellent, it was our wedding anniversary on the 20th and there was a bottle of wine in the room when we returned in the afternoon which was a lovely touch, we were on the 17th floor facing the street, but although it was noisey 24/7 it was not overly so and was after all what we were expecting from NYC, the location is great, we are walkers so we only used the subway once, and everything is within distance, we booked through the hotel website well in advance and were able to get a suite when all the other sites could only offer a room for the same price so it is worth checking that out before booking,all in all a great place to stay and will certainly stay again when in town.	
Dec 13 2006 	Splendid!!!!!!!!	This hotel is Great! It is in a brilliant location very close to three subway lines which is helpful for when you want to visit the attractions. All of the staff were friendly and helpful especially Raulph the doorman who gave us lots of resteraunt recommendations. Thee rooms were clean and comfortable and the addedextras e.g. robes, free internet access etc were great.The rooms were large by NYC standards and you have never felt beds like the ones at the Kimberley - Think goose/duck down and lots of it!! fabulous!If you have the capacity to afford the Kimberley the location (10mins walk from Rockerfeller and central park) and the great hotel atmosphere especially at Christmas are well worth it. Pictures to follow!	
Dec 5 2006 	Fantastic Stay at the Kimberly	We just returned from our holiday weekend in New York. Our stay at the Kimberly Hotel was fantastic. The location fit our needs well. It is located right around the corner from the Waldorf. We walked to Rockafeller Center, St. Patrick's, the American Girl Place (we have two young girls... it was a must), the famed store-front windows and Broadway/Times Square. It was under $10 for a cab ride to Macy's. Our one-bedroom suite on the 28th floor was perfect (ask for a high floor). The room was very clean and the linens were remarkable! The bed was extremely comfortable and was just perfect after long days walking around Manhattan. The view from our balcony was incredible. We took in the Breakfast Buffet at the hotel restaurant on Sunday morning. The made-to-order omelets were great with several selections of fruit, meat and more.The Bellman, Concierge, Valet, and Front Desk people were all polite and very helpful... without exception. They treated us very, very well.The is the perfect place to stay when visiting Manhattan with the family!	
Nov 23 2006 	lovely hotel great location	stayed in a one bedroomed suite for 4 nights room dated but very clean.Doormen very helpful,delis close by for breakfast .Didn't find new york lunchonette that great.Beds comfortable sofa bed just ok	
Nov 23 2006 	Great space for 5 adults at the Kimberly	We had a very comfortable suite at good rate for 5 adults. Convenient location for shops/transport etc. Staff very friendly. Rooms very clean and a great views from the 30th. Some minor wear and tear in room but nothing significant.	
Nov 6 2006 	loved the kimberly	We stayed at the Kimberly on the weekend of the NYC Marathon. The location is very convenient- the corner of Lexington and E.50th, one block from a subway stop. The room was immaculate and the beds were wonderfully comfortable. The staff was friendly and anxious to please. I will definitely stay at Kimberly on future trips to NY.	
Oct 26 2006 	Great location large room decent price	Per the recommendation of one of my colleagues, I stayed here on a recent business trip. By NYC standards, the room and bathroom were large. Both were clean but a little worn around the edges--small chips on the furniture, some staining on the grouting in the tub, etc. However, everything I needed was there: two very comfortable and luxuriously dressed beds, iron/ironing board, hairdryer, bathrobes, small fridge, good sized closet and, down in the lobby, staff members that were very polite and eager to please. Staff quickly got me a cab when I needed it, but the Lexington/51st Street subway stop is literally just around the corner. I paid $255 a night, and although that's not cheap by any means, it is a very competitive price for NYC right now. Given its convenient midtown lcoation--Rockefeller Center is a couple of blocks away--the Kimberly was perfect for my trip.	
Oct 23 2006	okay place great location	I booked this trip 6 months ago and got a good price of $255/nite when most comparable places were over $300 at the time I booked. I think it's worth the money I paid, but nothing more. Front desk staff was nice but not terribly knowledgable nor seasoned. We checked in late (11pm) and were given a room with 2 double beds instead of the queen/king we'd requested. (It was our anniversary). They said they never &quot;guaranteed&quot; those requests, but said they'd check in the morning. Sure enough, they moved us the next day (had to repack!!) to a room in the front of the building w/ a king bed. Double paned windows reduced the street noise just fine (we're used to a little urban noise). Size was decent for a NYC hotel room; bed and linens were really nice, and there were 2 dressers and a small closet. Bathroom was okay, but NO counterspace or any place to put toiletries. (The first room we had actually had a lot of counterspace AND a separate dressing room with a counter.) Overall, the place needs sprucing up - chipped surfaces, dusty fixtures (including the coffeemaker!), showing its age. There are 3 other hotels in the same block which, at times, have had competitve prices. They all looked nicer. Restaurant next to the hotel looked JUST okay (I&quot;m a food snob); the bar was fun, with impromptu opera and jazz singers taking the mike. The best bagels in the world around the corner on Third Ave. Great location in Midtown East, easy to get up- or downtown by walking. Subway stops close to get anywhere. Not a bad experience for the price and location.	
Oct 18 2006 	Excellent Choice for Familes	Our family of four just returned from a lovely 4-night stay at the Kimberly. Our one-bedroom suite was spacious and well appointed, although my son preferred to sleep on the sofa itself rather than the sofa bed. The bed linens, robes and towels were of very high quality. Having a kitchen is a godsend when traveling with children in an expensive city. We were on a low floor on the back, which meant that we had no street noise (a very welcome change from our last stay at a different NYC hotel), but the proximity to the air-conditioning units meant that we couldn't use the balcony. There was plenty of closet space. The bell staff and doormen could not have been better. The location - a fairly quiet hotel-laden street - was excellent as well.We enjoyed our stay and would not hestitate to return in a minute. Moreover, considering the price of even modest hotel rooms in NYC during the &quot;peak&quot; month of October, I thought we received excellent value for our money/	
Oct 14 2006 	Cozy Little Place	The Kimberly was wonderful. It was full yet I never heard any noise from the hallway. My bed was extremely comfortable; I rarely sleep as well as I did on this visit. The staff was professional. My air handler was a little noisy but everything else was great. They even had Neutrogena products in the room; nice!	
Oct 9 2006 	The PERFECT hotel for a family vacation	My husband and I took our 14 and 16-year old daughters to NYC for 10 days, and I CAN'T RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL HIGHLY ENOUGH!I used to travel to NYC on business every few weeks, and finding a spacious hotel room at ANY price can be a challenge. I really wanted the girls to see New York, but I was dreading sharing a cramped space with all of their stuff...I thought we would be climbing all over each other and their 30 pairs of shoes. But we stayed in the Executive One Bedroom Suite at the Kimberly for $420/night, and it was HUGE...king bedroom and nice masterbath, second 1/2 bath (godsend!), large living room/dining room combination with pull-out sofa bed (queen size, I think), fully-equipped kitchen (nice way to save a little money in an expensive city!), dining room that seats 6, balcony with a view of the Chrysler building, and 5 closets. Compare that to any accomodations for 4 in Times Square -- or even an apartment rental -- and you'll see what an incredible deal that is. (Book early...I think they only have one with a second half bath). They also have luxury suites with upgraded bathrooms, but this was very nice and perfect for our family.Great location in mid-town so you can get anywhere you want to go easily. I highly recommend this hotel, especially for families with teenagers (btw: I didn't think it was possible, but we spent 10 days on vacation with our daughters and never heard &quot;I'm SO BORED&quot; once!....Worth every penny!)	
Sep 17 2006 	A good not great option for those needing suites.	Stayed at the Kimberly Sept 11-15. Had stayed at the Waldorf previously but needed a two bedroom suite with kitchenette and this fit the bill. The location is superb; easily within walking distance of any midtown adventure you would want. Staff: Very accommodating, especially the doormen. Although on arrival, our check in person (the blonde) kept us waiting while she finished a personal call. On departure our doorman had a tough time getting a taxi and walked down the street to Lexington (in the rain) to flag one going south and get it down our way. Room service was generally good; however, we did have to call down twice on one request. Facility: Know in advance that this is a converted apartment house. Thus the lobby is small and congestion around the elevators (if they are running) is not unusual. The elevators are old and unreliable as has been posted before. One of the two was out of service for our entire stay. The one remaining elevator was over challenged to support both client and hotel staff needs. After the first day, every time we left our room we started making bets on: 1) how long it would take to get one to our floor (the 24th), and 2) how many times it would stop on the way down. The hotel management tried to make amends for the inconvenience and offered a free breakfast at their Ferro’s restaurant for all clients. Bedrooms are nicely sized and the linens are superior. The bathrooms are nicely appointed; however small. The blow-dryer must be used standing up….my wife did not appreciate this feature. Our two room suite was in need of a really good cleaning and paint job (the breakfast bar had been touched up with paint that didn’t match). Screening of upholstery condition left something to be desired. We discovered one sofa pillow that had what appeared to be vomit on one corner as did part of one sofa cushion…..and it wasn’t fresh. We had a nice balcony with a great open view. It faced the Chrysler building and it was fun to watch the lights disappear in the lowering fog. The kitchenette offers all necessary items (including corkscrew) and we made a quick trip to the Food Emporium on 52nd and 2nd and the Beekman Liquors store at 500 Lexington to stock up. Note that Beekman only carries high end wines and liquors at commensurate prices. There are no deals. Our doorman later suggested Diplomat Liquors on second, also about two blocks away. The refrigerator/freezer has two ice trays and you should take every opportunity to keep them filled (check whether the freezer setting is on full cold otherwise it’ll take a while for the ice to form). There are no other ice machines available except the one in the basement which is accessible only through room service. Would we go back? Probably not as a couple. If we had another couple to travel with again and wanted the suite option we’d consider it.	
Sep 15 2006 	Great Location and Value!	I've stayed in New York many times and thought the Kimberly was the best deal for the money, particularly if you have a family. My sister, two nieces and I had a one bedroom suite with two beds, kitchenette, living room, and balcony (which the girls loved). The beds were very comfortable and the kitchen was well-equipped and convenient for breakfast, quick snacks and &quot;happy hour.&quot; I felt we had plenty of room to spread out, keeping in mind that hotel rooms in New York are usually small. A word of caution, however, this type of room is not guaranteed. Another friend and her two daughters were with us and they also had a one bedroom suite, but no balcony and a king bed (although I requested 2 doubles for both rooms when I made the reservation with Express, which is now Quikbook). The only negative is the pull out sofa - it's uncomfortable, but we just requested a bunch of pillows and it worked fine. It's very well located for shopping, sightseeing and the park, with the theatre district about a 10-15 minute walk. The subway is also convenient and taxis are plentiful. The staff couldn't have been nicer, especially the bellmen and doormen. Part of our group was taking the train to DC and they were able to get all of our luggage in the trunk (and young girls don't pack light!).	
Aug 31 2006 	Fantastic hotel !	we stayed in a one bed suite with a king bed and seperate living room which had a pull out sofa bed-ideal if you have children as we have. The room was beautifully appointed with a kitchen full of the necessary cutlery etc, and we were most impressed at the standard of the towels and linens but best of all was the fabulous bed which is probably the best we have ever encountered in a hotel. The hotel is in a great location close to the subway on lexington and has a good irish pub just two streets away and numerous coffee shops in the area. The staff were great especially Harry the doorman who made our seven year olds day every time he greeted her with a high five and a hiya princess! We would definitely stay here again as the location, service and standard of the rooms are wonderful for the rate that this hotel charges. I would certainly recommend it to everyone.	
Aug 20 2006 	It was pretty good!	My family and I stayed at this hotel for two nights. The lobby is tiny, but very warm and welcoming. We stayed at a one bedroom suite. The rooms were at a very reasonable price: about #300 per night. They were quite small, like the lobby, but very comfortable. I liked that there was a fully-equipped kitchen, and a nice dining room. The beds were relaxing, but the queen sized sofa bed was too springy and when I woke up, my back was aching. There were great amenities, but the Internet access is a little pricey. (I mean, $7.95 for 24 hours!) There is a printer/fax/copier on the desk too. The service is extremely friendly; they are polite and very kind to children. The dining here is great too. I have tried their breakfast buffet, and it was very good. On weekdays, the breakfast buffet is free for people staying at the hotel, but for outsiders, it is not complimentary. Overall, it was a very nice stay at the Kimberly Hotel.	
Aug 19 2006 	Great Giirls Weekend!!	Just back from a great ladies getaway for a long weekend of eating, shopping, theatre-going and laughing! The Kimberly was an important factor in our enjoyable escape. The doormen were all very helpful and charming. The room was very comfortable,quiet and spacious ( by N.Y. standards) and the bed very comfy. The A/C worked very well during our extremely hot weather. Having been many times to N.Y. this hotel ranks highly in my mind. Location is ideal......close to Bloomingdales- 5 min. walk...and not far from Rockefellar Center and Fifth Ave. Fine breakfast places nearby.	
Aug 14 2006 	loved this hotel!!!	I can't remember when I've stayed in a nicer hotel. The location was wonderful. The rooms are small but very comfortable. At night your bed is turned down and they put music on from the bose clock radio. There was a good size refrigerator and icrowave. The refrigerator even had an ice maker. There are plush terry cloth robes you can use. There's even a pillow menu. You can chose from 1 of 10 pillow types. The bathroom is very nice and clean. If you want a nice view you're going to have to sacrifice quiet. The inside suites are facing other apartment buildings but the upside is the room is quiet. There's a great lunchenette right down the street. We ate both dinner and lunch there once. All in all I think this was a great hotel. I would go back in a heartbeat.	
Jul 28 2006 	not great when NY is hot	i read how great this place was and must admit i was quite disapointed. I stayed in 3J. I arrived last week sunday to the NY heat wave to discover that i was never going to get the room cool with the 100 year old airconditioner that seems to exist in so many old ny hotels.Other than that the stay was fine but nothing memorable. Maybe a touch bigger than the cool boutique hotels, bed was good, but otherwise disapointing after reading reviews. Going to try the sofitel next week when i am back	
Jul 19 2006 	That's right - believe the great reviews!	My family of four stayed at the Kimberly from June 30 to July 11, 2006. It was our first trip to NYC, and the hotel was fabulous. The suite was great; plenty of room for the adults in one room and the children on a queen sized pull out sofa bed. The location was terrific; subway entrance to the 6 on Lexington was literally around the corner. Easy walking to Rockefeller Center and 5th Avenue. Any questions or concerns were promptly handled by the extremely friendly staff. The full kitchen was wonderful. With Ess-A-Bagel around the corner, we were set for breakfast for the entire trip. We definitely recommend the KImberly, and plan to stay there again when we have the opportunity to return to New York.	
Jul 13 2006	Believe the great reviews!	We thoroughly enjoyed everything about our recent 6 night stay at the Kimberly. The staff is helpful, friendly and courteous. The Kimberly resides in a safe and centrally located part of Manhattan. This was our first trip to NYC and we were able to walk or take the subway to any part of Manhattan with little or no direction. Our hotel room was nicely appointed with a great bed and full kitchen. We took the subway to Union Square for groceries at Trader Joe's and/or Whole Foods and saved a lot of money preparing our own meals using all the dishes and utensils provided. Also, our suite was the quietest room we've ever stayed in; we heard no &quot;neighbor noise&quot; the entire time! Believe all these positive reviews - this is a wonderful place to stay and we will do so again on our next trip to the city.	
Jun 25 2006	Superb Kimberly	My husband and I stayed here June 8-15, we were very pleased with our suite, noise was not a problem, (ear plugs provided but not necessary) The staff were courteous and pleasant, and efficiently handled our few requests. We were very impressed with the doormen, not only were they helpful, they rushed to open doors and always greeted us with a big smile. Great location, and the river cruise is an added bonus. Will definately stay at the Kimberly again, and will recommend it to our friends.	
Jun 25 2006	Great Location!	We stayed at the Kimberly from 6/11 to 6/15/06. Great hotel, location, service!! We were given hotel options by our travel agent and after checking the reviews of all on tripadvisor.com we selected The Kimberly (145 East 50th). The room size was perfect (small apartment size) and very clean. Was better than any other hotel we have stayed in....bed was so comfortable and the down pillows were an extra touch. The hotel staff were very friendly and professional....especially Edgar (night desk) and Ralph (doorman). You can't beat the location as it is close to restaurants, museums, United Nations, etc.. At night we felt it was very safe to walk to dinner or just walk, walk, walk. We ate almost every morning at the New York Luncheonette two doors away....good food at reasonable prices. A block over, AuBonPain is great for pastries, coffee, bagel. Subway entrance is really close to the Kimberly and we took advantage of that by riding to Union Square to Havana Central (delicious Cuban food!) for dinner. If you are looking for a quiet bar/lounge (with windows for people watching) then try Lily's which is just a block over from the hotel. Really can't say enough good things about this hotel. Would definitely stay there again!	
Jun 22 2006	Fantastic elegance location and service .	I simply will not stay anyplace else. We have lived in NYC and this was the best of returns. The location ,near the Lex subway, the bus, the restaurants, and Bloomies , is wonderful .It is the staff from the doormen , who run the street, to the concierge and all the others who make your stay so enjoyable. Very confortable rooms with storage that is unusual. Beds to die for!	
Jun 13 2006	Excellent	Excellent Hotel. Large Rooms, Well-Appointed and Clean. I wish I could have stayed longer.	
Jun 5 2006	Clean Convenient Kmberly	Kimberly is a clean convenient hotel close to the Grayline Tour bus stop and number 6 (1 block) train. We requested a King bed and when we arrived we not only got a King but were upgraded to a suite with a balcany. Did not eat at the restaurant looked good and they do offer room service. Staff was very attentive and always had a smile. Location was good, far enough from Times Square but not to far that you couldn't walk.	
Jun 3 2006	Just as wonderful the second time around	My husband and I spent 5 nights here from 5/25 thru 5/30. This was out second stay at the Kimberly and it was again a great experience. We had a one-bedroom suite on the 20th floor overlooking 50th street. Having an in-room safe, two tv's, a full kitchen, and such comfortable beds make this a home away from home. We paid $279 a night plus $10 a day for internet service . . .certainly not cheap . . . but moderately priced for NYC. I'm sure we'll stay there next time we visit the city.	
May 30 2006	Wonderful Place	We stayed at the Kimberly Hotel over the Memorial Day Weekend. We loved it.I went down with two of my friends for a weekend of theatre, dinners and shopping.Great location and most important a great staff. We had a beautiful room with a terrace and wonderful beds. The comforters and sheets were great.I plan on coming back here in October.	
May 25 2006	Great Stay	We arrived very late at night and on the way to the hotel from the airport we were pretty tired from traveling. We arrived at the hotel around midnight and after unloading and checking in, we all felt wide awake. We decided to walk around a little bit, and boy are we glad we did. The area was so alive and we felt safe walking around at that time of night. The subway is right around the corner and everything is so easy to get to from here. Great walking area. You get a great feel of the big city here. The staff was so pleasant the entire time. We stayed on the 28th floor so we didn't hear alot of street noise. The streetnoise we did hear was pleasant sounding because after all, you are in a big city and it's a big part of it. We had a great balcony. Our room had plenty of space and we did not feel cramped at all. We felt it was the size of a small apartment. When I return to NYC, I will plan on staying here again.	
May 9 2006	Fantastic!	The Kimberly is, truly, a gem!! Stayed for three wonderful nights in the &quot;two story&quot; and cannot say enough good things about the accomodations and the staff. From the moment we arrived, we were greeted with warmth and the utmost in hosptitality. The beds were glorious- down mattress pads and comforters!! Soft sheets!! Thick plush towels!! And the location cannot be beaten- perfect central location. I wouldn't even consider staying anywhere else in the future.	
Apr 28 2006	Superb New York Hotel	We spent a fantastic 3 nights , 4days , at the Kimberley this April. The staff from the moment we checked in to the moment we left were first rate.They were all polite , attentive and very friendly without being overbearing.Our room was the best we have spent in a Hotel anywhere.It was actually a suite including small kitchen area , Lounge , Bedroom and bathroom.It was spotlessly clean and the Kingsize bed was just fabulous.I snore a lot ( Allegedly ! ) but even my wife could'nt here me we were so far apart .She was also very impressed with the standard of the bed linen.We will certainly book this hotel for our next Visit.Andrew and Julie Newsome UK	
Apr 27 2006 	Loved the Kimberly	I travel to NYC quite often and always was searching for 'the' hotel...now I've found it! This is the best New York City hotel that I've ever stayed in, by far! Courteous staff, gorgeous accomodation - I've let colleagues and friends know and I wouldn't even bother trying any other hotel now. The location is great with a good deli close by and the proximity to all the stores - I could go on......	
Apr 16 2006 	Such elegance!	I loved The Kimberly! It's small, as hotels go, but I never felt claustrophobic in it and especially not in my room. The parlor was comfortable, the kitchen surprisingly complete, and the bedroom was QUITE spacious with an awesome bed. The staff was delightful, especially the doorman, an older African American man, who was quick with a smile and never, ever gave me the feeling he was looking for a tip (which made me tip him more!).It's conveniently located to many midtown attractions and also the subway at 51st and Lexington.I would definitely stay here again, but word to the wise: make sure you get your car out of the garage within a 24 hour time period or they will charge you for an extra day, even if you're only a minute or two late!	
Apr 4 2006	Annual Girls Trip	I travel to NYC with my Best Friend every year. It seems more of our friends join us each trip. This past year we had a party of 4 so we rented a 2 bedroom suite at the Kimberly. It was so perfect. The most spacious room we have ever had in NYC. We had a private balcony and the bedding was dreamy. We did not use the kitchen except to store cold drinks in the fridge. They even provided us with umbrellas when it rained. I would and have recommended this hotel to others and will be visiting again myself. This only downside was one of the girls slept on the pull out sofa bed. It was not at all comfortable while the rest of us has luxury bedding.	
Mar 30 2006	This hotel is in a great location.	I stayed at the Kimberly Hotel with my two teenage children in March 2006. We were in a one bedroom suite which was very large in relation to other New York hotels I've stayed in. The two double beds were comfortable, but the pull out sofa was horrible. The staff was very friendly and helpful save for the cleaning staff. They were unfriendly and loud in the hallways. I cannot say enough positive things about the bell and door staff though. They were very attentive and never hesitated to help us find a cab and our luggage was tended to quickly. If you want a location that is within walking distance of Central Park South, Rockefeller Center and Times Square than it's perfect. Personally I prefer staying in a quieter neighborhood and taking the subway or a cab to midtown. Overall it's good value for the price.	
Mar 22 2006	Nice location	I spent 5 days with my two teens at the Kimberly Hotel. We had a one bedroom suite which worked out quite well for us. We had a good rate with Expedia. I considered upgrading to the luxury collection which is the renovated upper floor area but it would have been an extra $ 200/night. Also, I had read that the sofa beds are not comfortable (this is an UNDERSTATEMENT) the springs dig into your back! The hotel has a $ 30/night charge for rollaway cots. The beds in the room were quite comfortable and also had a remote control to lift the head and foot rests for the mattress but only one worked...On the positive side, the hotel is in a perfect location. We walked to the Rockafeller centre, Times Square, Fifth Avenue, etc. The Starbucks ( 1 block west) is a fast and easy spot to grab breakfast. This was better than the breakfast buffet in the hotel. I would most likely choose this hotel again as it is centrally located and in a safe area.	
Mar 6 2006	Terrific Trip!	I planned the trip to NY as a surprise to my husband for our 22nd Wedding Anniv. I got tickets to the Met for La Traviata and then searched for a hotel online. The Kimberly met and exceeded expectations...it was roomy (we had a suite), clean, comfortable and had great views. The location couldn't have been better, very close to shopping, Rockefeller Center, the subway...everything. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone...for the price it was GREAT! Do not expect the St. Regis or the Palace, but a European Boutique Hotel and you won't be dissapointed. Along the lines of a Hotel Monaco....Restaurants: DeGrezia just east on 50th from hotel is great for dinner...Deli's don't miss Maxie's or Roxy's at Times Square...also &quot;21&quot; Upstairs was very romantic before the Opera!	
Dec 28 2005	Perfect for a Girls' Shopping Trip	Three friends of mine and I stayed at The Kimberly from December 1 until December 4, 2005. We're in our thirties and have each traveled extensively. We stayed in a two-bedroom suite on the 27th floor. It was a corner room with a balcony. We had more space than we could have ever put to use. (It did come in handy for all the shopping bags.) The staff was fabulous and the location was ideal for our purposes. The decor in our suite could be updated but really, how much time do you spend in the room when in NYC. It was exceptionally clean and the beds were to die for. I would recommend this hotel to anyone except those looking for an extremely posh and romantic hotel for their stay. We’ll definitely be back!	
Dec 26 2005	Great for Families	We stayed at the Kimberly Hotel Dec. 11-14 in a 2br suite. It was very spacious for a family of four adults and one small child. I was quite impressed with the cleanliness of the suite. We arrived early and our room was already available. The staff is very considerate and helpful, most especially the doormen. We were always met with a smile whether we were coming or going. I found the location ideal as it was central to most of our activities and with very little street noise. The walk to Times Square is short as is the walk to major shopping.Some of the furniture did look a little worn but considering the the space you get get for such a reasonable price in NYC, it was perfectly fine. I was very pleased with our stay at the Kimberly and would highly recommend it, especially to those on a budget and with children.We will definitely stay at the Kimberly Hotel again!	
Dec 20 2005 	For the amountof space no complaints!	I booked into The Kimberly the week after Thanksgiving for 5 nights after reading reviews here. Got a nice deal thru a web reservation service. The lobby was much smaller that I anticipated, but who spends time in the lobby? The room was VERY spacious by NYC standards. Had freinds staying around the corner, The W, and I visited their room.....TINY. They actually ended up staying an extra night in my room as I had the pull out sofa in the living room. I really like the balcony. It is nice to be able to walk outside and check the weather! The staff was very freindly, esp housekeeping! The receptionist tried to upgrade me to one of the premier suites but didn't have one for all 5 nights. The steak house adjacant served a good meal, but I would have appreciated better service at midnight with only 4 other tables in the place. They serve until 2am. I would stay here again at a discounted rate. Their published rates are much too high for the calibur of the property.	
Dec 15 2005	It is what it is....	Spent a long week there for business. The room was spacious with a full kitchen and sitting room It was clean and the bed was soft but comfortable. The work space provided was very small and the lighting was poor. I felt like I was checking my email in the dark most afternoons. It feels like an older apartment inside. The staff was nice and helpfull with several requests I made. One downside, one of the elevators broke and the on that was left was very slow. I walked down 12 floors to go out to dinner...happy that I wasn't on the 30th or having to walkup. It was fixed that night so it must have just been something small.	
Dec 8 2005	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed at The Kimberly Hotel, 145 E 50th Street, New York for a total of 6 nights in November and would recommend it to anyone for it's location, friendly staff, size of suites and comfort value. Perhaps not the cheapest of hotels but we could not fault it in any way. Suite had everything - large bedrooms with oh so comfortable beds, great living area and kitchen, spacious bathrooms with every comfort, everything spotlessly clean and the added bonus of a balcony with the breathtaking view of the Chrysler Building.It doesn't get much better than this.We wouldn't stay anywhere else now when we visit New York.	
Nov 30 2005 	Best service best value in Midtown	I stayed at the Kimberly for the first time this week and at every turn, was suprised and delighted by the unparalleled service and amenities they provided during my stay -- from the complimentary upgrade to a suite, to the personalized note and free gift from the manager (completely unexpected), to the extremely attentive staff and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in outside of my home! All this for less than $300/night? That's unheard of for Midtown. Plus, the location cannot be beat -- it's 1/2 block from the Waldorf-Astoria. I LOVED this hotel and will definitely be back!	
Nov 29 2005	Great Location and Room	I have stayed at and complained about many touted 4.5 and 5 star resorts. It is rare, therefore, that I would fully endorse any accommodation. However, staying at the Kimberly made my family and my first trip to New York a truly wonderful experience. The room was spacious, clean and well decorated. The only drawback was the less than friendly employee on duty for customer service. On the other hand the rest of the staff were so great that her less than helpful disposition seem so contrasting.	
Nov 26 2005	Suite Dreams	The Kimberly has an excellent location, terrific staff and extremely spacious suites in a city where visitors regularly pay over $300 for tiny box-sized rooms. But, unless you are staying in one of the top-priced suites, the Chrysler, Ambassador or Empire, don't expect to be utterly thrilled. Our 1-bedroom suite was roomy and well-appointed with large windows in both bedroom and living room (with balcony), but they hardly mattered, as they looked out onto a dingy blue building directly across and down to heating vents and compressors. This meant the room stayed dark even though we had sunny weather during our 3-night stay. The upside of being on this side, was that the drone of the equipment below was perhaps preferable to NYC street noise, even on the 15th floor. As mentioned in other reviews, furnishings are somewhat dated; my husband thought the lamps were particularly ugly, however everything was clean and in working order. Two terry robes were provided, one TV in each room, a CD player in the bedroom, full bath with Neutrogena toiletries, lots of closet space and drawers, extra towels and pillows, a well-equipped kitchen, comfortable bed with good linens and down duvet, big couch, soft chairs, dining table and chairs, desk with fax machine and in-room wireless or ethernet-cabled high-speed Internet, - on the whole better than many a working New Yorker's apartment. Like anywhere, your impression of The Kimberly will depend on your expectations. I had a good idea of what I was getting into from reading many of the other reviews, both favorable and not. We left feeling satisfied with The Kimberly, but somehow it did not earn our affection as a favorite hotel. As long as it remains competitive price-wise however, it will be a contender for future stays.	
Nov 14 2005	Superior service 	We do not normally write and express our views but we had such a great week at the Kimberly that we felt it necessary. We knew the location was good having stayed at the Waldorf the previous year but the service at the Kimberly was far superior. The staff were always pleased to see you and provide assistance. On entering the lobby Gregory always greeted you with a beaming smile and made you feel welcome.The one bedroom suite was just as expected, very clean and spacious. It was a haven to be able to return put your feet up and have a hot drink whenever you liked from the comlimentary filter coffee or tea.The small kitchen was well fitted with gas hob/oven, microwave, fridge/freezer, toaster, coffee machine and there was even a dishwasher!It was great to be able to get to all parts of Manhattan quickly from the nearby metro lines and Fifth Avenue and Central Park only a few blocks away.We didn't expect to receive such a personal service but that is exactly what we got. Congratulations to the Manager and all the staff.	
Nov 4 2005	Every year	Unless you just want to pay for over the top luxury, why stay anywhere else? The Kimberly is part of why we love NYC. Great staff. Great rooms. Great location. Can't wait for next year, it'll be our fifth year in a row at the Kimberly.	
Oct 16 2005	Wonderful	October 12 - 15. Loved this hotel. Suite was clean and comfortable and staff was very professional and extremely friendly and courteous. Nice safe location.	
Sep 27 2005	Kudos for the Kimberly	I stayed at the Kimberly for two nights recently with a friend. I requested an updated room on a higher floor and they accommodated my request. When I asked if we could be upgraded, I was told that for an additional $30 they could give us a one bedroom suite. We declined to spend more but were very impressed with our accommodations. The beds are just heavenly and all those pillows!! The room was more like a personal bedroom than a hotel room. It was nice to have a refrigerator too.I had stayed at the Kimberly once before and had an executive suite which had plasma tv's on the walls...the deluxe guestroom had a small, older tv, but it was fine. The price was really good compared to just about everything else in the midtown east area. We were very satisfied with the room and with the service. The bellman and doorman are very friendly and make you feel like you are coming &quot;home&quot; each day. I would recommend the Kimberly, but ask for an updated room as there seems to be some people who had more inferior rooms.	
Sep 13 2005 	Wonderful experience	I stayed at The Kimberly for only one night on a business trip in April 05. I loved it... The down comforter was amazing!!! They had a great supply of all newspapers available in the lobby for free. I was in a small suite and loved it - tons of space and soo comfortable.I am planning another business trip and while curious about other hotels I am seriously considering The Kimberly again.	
Sep 7 2005 	I LOVE this hotel!	We spent 3 nights here end of August. It was PERFECT with our toddler son -- he slept in the living room and we had the bedroom and bathroom. All BIG rooms -- so unusual for NYC. It was great having a kitchen -- especially with all the good deli's and convenience stores nearby. We would come back from walking all over the city and relax with milk for the toddler, and drinks for us. In general, it was one of our favorite locations -- near Rockefeller Center and Time Square and short walk to the Park. And a nice residential feel with small cafes just a block over on 2nd. Our bed was fabulous with soft pillow top and awesome linens -- better than any Westin Heavenly bed I have slept in. The shower was good, and with our inside location we had NO street noise -- it was soo quiet. The staff was nice, although not terribly well informed. But, with wireless connections in the rooms, you can just look stuff up online anyway.	
Sep 3 2005	Fantastic hotel!	My wife spent days researching hotels online and we decided to try this one. We are very glad we did. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay August 28 through September 1. The beautiful suite was very clean and nicely appointed. The staff was very helpful and extremely friendly. The kitchen came in handy for breakfasts and the pillow top bed was very comfortable. Our daughter spent a couple of nights and slept in the sofa bed. We will definitely return to this lovely hotel.	
Aug 25 2005	The Kimberly is Great	We just returned from a six night trip to NYC. We stayed at The Kimberly all six nights and enjoyed ourselves. My husband, 18 year old daughter and I were in a one bedroom suite on the 29th floor so we were quite removed from street noise. We felt like The Kimberly was a home away from home and a welcome respite whenever we returned, exhausted, from sight seeing. The major drawback was the sofa bed in the living room. It had springs poking through and had a huge sag in the middle. After one night, we called the front desk to see if they could offer a complimentary rollaway. They accomodated us graciously and we were not charged for it's use.Several times during our stay, we were asked by the staff if we were enjoying ourselves and that they were honored to have us as their guests. We felt welcomed by the staff and would stay at The Kimberly again. The price for a one bedroom was much better than most regular hotel rooms and it gave us some much neded space. Great location too. The other thing we liked, was the relative small size of the hotel. It allowed for much more personal service. We never had to wait in a line for a cab and we always got one almost immediately. All in all, we had great service and a wonderful time in New York.	
Aug 23 2005	Good location / tidy rooms	To use an over used football ( Soccer for our American cousins) cliche' this hotel review is &quot;a game of two halves....&quot;We came to the &quot;big apple&quot; as part of our extended 2005 holiday to the states, part of which was a long weekend in NY, we had searched around for a &quot;sensible&quot; Manhattan hotel for our family of four,two adults and two teenagers, the KIMBERLY seemed just perfect and so we booked a four night stay commencing Thursday 4th Aug. We made it very clear that we wanted a one bedroom suite with two double beds in it.Now for the negative bit.Although the check in and conceierge staff were great, we found that our room was one with only a single double bed and a pull out bed in the lounge, we went to the room and it had a fabulous view of both the East river bridghe and the Chrysler building so we decided to give it a go.The pull out bed was perhaps the worst bed i have ever slept in !, so we asked to be moved the next day or at worst given a double matress to put over the very thin matress on the pull out.What then followed can only be described as &quot;Pythonesque&quot;, with a varity of various beds and matress's all turning up none of which were suitable.EVENTUALLY they did agree to move us to another room once it bacame available.Now the positive bit.They moved us lock stock and barrell with the minimum of fuss on our part, to another room with two double beds.WHAT A DIFFERENCE......the room was clean and spacious, the decor was a little dated, but the little kitchenette was very usefull.The reception staff were very helpfull, and the location is great, we walked 15 mins south to the Empire State building and 10 mins north to Central parkOverall we would return, my only advice being that if there are four of you ensure that they GUARANTEE you a two double bedded suite and you could not go far wrong !	
Aug 15 2005	Disappointed	My family of four has just returned from New York and spent two nights at the Kimberly Hotel. Had we planned to stay longer or had it only been my husband I, we would have left and moved up the street to the Waldorf or the Palace; however we had two chldren with us and the Kimberly, formerly an apartment building, had two room &quot;suites&quot;, an ideal set-up for families. The good news: the Kimberly's one bedroom suite was good sized; did have a balcony, a kitchen and is in a convenient mid-town location.The negatives began at arrival. My children and arrived on an early flight knowing that our room would not be ready for several hours. We were prepared for this. I asked for a time to return and was told 1:00 P.M. Shortly before 2:00 P.M. we arrived back and when I inquired about the status of our room, was told it was not ready. Again, asking when we might return, I was told in a very terse voice to come back in a half hour. We did and this time without dierctly responding to my question, the clerk said &quot;give them room 21D.&quot; At no time during these exchanges did this man engage in more than the necessary words to convey the information regarding a room. Arriving at our room, I thought I had thought I had walked into my great-aunt's apartment which had not seen an update in 20 or more years. The lighting was so bad (yellow tinge to everything) that even with all the lights on, it was difficult to read. The lamps, ceiling and wall lamps were either left over from the hotel conversion or were an attempt at &quot;vintage lighting.&quot; Whatever the case, the effect was drab and dreary. When I attempted to turn the lamp on next to the bed, I noticed the light socket was out of the lamp. Calling the front desk, I began to inquire about a replacement lamp and the phone clicked in my ear as I was speaking. Calling back again, a gentleman came up, put the socket back in the lamp and told me I could operate it from the wall and not to use the manual switch.The wallpaper border was peeling off from the wall, the carpet was more than just a little old and dated but also stained. The furniture was a 1970s fake french provincial; the bathtub had part of the faucet hanging off and worst of all an alleged non-smoking room had a definite smell of smoke which apparently the management encourages as there were ashtrays in the drawers. All in all it was a drab and dreary place to spend a couple of nights not to mention the headache from the cigarette smell.We are not high maintenance travelers; however, we do expect some basic level of service from a hotel. When my husband arrived in the afternoon and asked for a key to the room, he had to ask the woman at the desk if she wanted to see his I.D. And perhaps it was the treatment by the desk staff that seemed to leave such a poor impression of the hotel. At no time, at check in or check out, did anyone ask if there was anythng they could do for us or gave us the usual &quot;have a nice time in ..... and if there is anything we can do for you&quot; recitation. The two times I called the front desk regarding the lamp issue, I was not greeted by name (even the Holiday Inn Express answers &quot;Hello Ms......&quot; When I checked out, the woman at the front desk did not ask me if we enjoyed our stay, either at the Kimberly (no) or in New York (yes). The coincierge was so busy on the telephone talking to whomever that it took a half hour to arrange for a car to take us back to the airport. Thank goodness we didn't need help with tickets or information as to where to go or how to get around.My last stay in New York was at the Plaza. Even as that grand hotel was closing (and was quite shabby itself in its last days) and the staff was aware of their imminent unemployment, they remained professional, courteous and very friendly. The Kimberly might want to pick up someone from the Plaza and find out how to make guests feel good about staying at a worn out hotel. The next time we need two rooms in New York, we will head up the street to the Benjamin.	
Aug 12 2005	Kimberly OK place to stay	Our family of 4 stayed at the Kimberly for 5 nights in August. The hotel is older, but very clean. The King in the master is very comfortable. I loved the down feather bed and the down comforter. The pull out couch mattress was too uncomfortable for even my 100 pound daughter, so she just slept directly on the couch. My son slept on the roll away which was fine. The furnishings were fine, having two tv's was nice, although they are old and small. The location was really great. Close to shopping and dining. Upon check in I tried to upgrade to a larger room with an extra bathroom and although they had it available, one person told me it would be an extra $150 per night and the next day I asked someone new and he said it would be an extra $200 per night. My feeling is that we are staying for 5 nights, so why not be gracious if it was available. Also, I had requested a renovated room, but was told none were available. I did chat with others who were able to get them on the 22nd and 23rd floor.My two biggest complaints are 1) the bathroom was too small and 2) The air conditioning. Because it is an older unit it goes on and off all night long and it is loud, so it definately interrupted our sleep.We did have one bad experience with the concierge. We told him we wanted two Met’s tickets for a Wednesday night. He found them for us at a Sporting goods store a couple of blocks away. We went over there, purchased the tickets and went to the game. When we got to the game, we were told the tickets were for the night before. We spent $70 on the first set of tickets and then $100 at the door so we could see the game. It was a bummer. The only other thing is that I left behind my digital camera and no one seems to have found it. Hmmmm.All in all a fine place to stay.	
Jul 27 2005	Kimberly-Good place to stay	Just spent a weekend at the Kimberly, 50th betw. Lex &amp; 3rd. We had 7 people in the group so we splurged a little and got one 2 BR/2 bath suite and one 1BR/1bath suite. Rooms were nice, roomy, kitchenettes in each. Nice view from the walk out patio on the 30th floor. We went with the suites beause it would have cost similar to have 3-4 rooms at a standard hotel. Kimberly is an older property, so there are a few imperfections, but all in all I'd stay there again. Staff is nice &amp; helpful.	
Jul 24 2005	We loved this place!!!!!!!	We pulled up in our rental car around noon, planning to stash our bags and hit the streets, as we did not expect our room would be ready. Not so! Not only were we allowed to check in early, they held the rental car at the curb while we settled in to our 2bdrm suite on the 25th floor. The suite was unbelievably spacious, especially for New York, with a nice kitchenette, living room and dining area. We had a lovely view of the Chrysler building and the East River. The beds were so comfortable (and HUGE) with high quality linens, featherbed and tons of down pillows. I am a pillow fanatic. I never travel without my own pillow, but next time I go to the Kimberly, I will leave my pillows home! The hotel staff was the best! Everyone was extremely friendly and helpfully. Our teenage kids loved being able to check their email in the complimentary business center. The common areas of the hotel were small, but who wants to hang out in their hotel in NYC? In fact, that was the only downside of this hotel. Our room was so nice, I would have wanted to spend more time in it, but I also wanted to see the sights. The location of the Kimberly is great for that! It's East-side, Mid-town location made it an easy walk to so many of NYC's great attractions. The rest were easy access by subway, with a stop only one block away. And for all this, we paid less than we would have for 2 regular hotel rooms anywhere else.	
Jul 14 2005	Excellent choice excellent location.	My family of four enjoyed a great four nights at the Kimberly from July 4th thru July 8th. We were located in a one bedroom suite that gave us plenty of room to spread out especially with a 17 and 19 year old. We really took advantage of the fully equiped kitchen for breakfast each day. The Kimberly staff was tremendous, and service was first rate. The smaller scale of this hotel was 'just right' for us. Location was quite good since most of the midtown sites were no more than a 10-15 minute walk away, and a subway stop at 51st and Lexington or Grand Central got you to anywhere else. We would certainly stay here again.	
Jul 11 2005	Summer in the City!	Stayed for one night at the Kimberly. Had an executive King suite with a balcony overlooking 50th. The great room was really large with a kitchenette and comfy sofa (a little worn). The bedroom had a great bed with featherbed and down comforter and tons of pillows. The sheets were high quality as well. The bathroom was old and a little small but clean and good shower pressure. The staff was exceptionally nice and took great care of us. We used the concierge extensively and she did a great job. I highly reccommend the NYHRC cruise - pretty casual, edible food, cheap price and the best (albeit expensive) long-island Iced Tea I've ever had.The only reason I don't give it a 5 is that I paid ~$525, for one night including room service breakfast (very overpriced and not very good) so I don't think it was a great value. But I enjoyed it anyway!	
Jul 11 2005	Great Value Great Service!	My wife, two small children and I stayed at the Kimberly last May. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. We found the hotel to be a great value and centrally located. The hotel restaurant is also excellent and family friendly. We will recommend the Kimberly to friends.	
Jul 3 2005	Stayed at the Kimberly June 24-27	I had a confirmed reservation made two months before arriving for a 2 bedr, 2 bath suite - upon arrival was told I was being upgraded to a 3 bedr suite - how nice! Only problem was 3 bedr had no living room and no full kitchen and we needed those rooms for our group of 6. They moved us to 2 one bedr suites across the hall from each other - beds were comfortable, pull out sofa not comfortable - you could feel the springs - good location, nice doormen, and I would ask for terrace with a view - our first 3 bedr upgrade had a beat up looking terrace and looked into another bulding - depressing - other than the reservation being not what I wanted we all said we'd stay again -	
Jul 1 2005	Huge room for New York and most comfortable bed EVER!	After a recommendation and lots of research, we chose The Kimberly for a short stop off in New York this past May. The hotel staff was very friendly and accomodating and allowed us to check in early at 10am as we arrived fresh off a red eye from San Francisco, California. The hotel's common space is on the smaller size since this is a boutique hotel, but the one bedroom suite we stayed in more than made up for that! There is a nice sized kitchen complete w/ stove, oven, dishwasher, and refridgerator, spacious living room area w/ a sofa and television, and large bedroom, esp for New York. The bed had to have been at least a King (if not Cal. King) and was THE MOST comfortable bed I have ever slept in at a hotel. Crisp linens, plenty of pillows, and a high quality feather bed to top if off!! Room was quiet except for some morning traffic noise that filtered in. Only complaint is the bathroom is small and some of the decor was a bit dated and tired (hence the above average rating), but the hotel's prime location, room size, bed, and overall price is unbeatable. Also, many discount sites offer lower rates for this hotel. I would definately stay here again.	
Jun 27 2005	Loved it-want to go back!	My husband and daughter and I stayed four nights at the Kimberly and absolutely loved it. I usually book much less expensive hotels but wanted to enjoy NYC at its best. The hotel was excellent and comfortable without being overly fussy. The location was great and we walked to nearly everything. I don't get the opportunity to stay at higher end hotels much but this rated only 1 step below the Grand Hotel in Oslo Norway for me.	
Jun 26 2005	Charming Place	My parents and I stayed at the Kimberly this past weekend. We were in the City for overnight to attend a family wedding. We took a chance on the hotel because of its location and price. From the minute we pulled up curbside until we got in our car, the treatment was outstanding. We had a room with two beds , beds I might add I wish I could have taken home and so many pillows! We had stayed previously at another &quot;boutique&quot; hotel midtown that we found on the internet and were very disappointed. Not so with the Kimberly! The only drawback was that my mother, who is not so young anymore could not use the bathtub/shower as it was too high for her to get into. There was a great brunch offer for hotel guests which we unfortunately did not have time for, but there was a great luncheonette next door and plenty of choices for dining if we were there longer.Would definately stay again.	
Jun 23 2005	Not bad but still overpriced	Stayed at the Kimberly Hotel in Manhattan in June 2005. Not bad, but still too small for the price. First night, hot water handle broke, so we could not shower that night. But repairman came first thing in morning. Cable went out for about six hours. Relatively clean but carpet could be replaced. Convenient location (I guess that's why the price is so high). Personnel were friendly and helpful. Doorman was always pleasant. Whatever you do, don't eat at O'Neills in the lobby (unless money is no object). WAY OVERPRICED! Millions of other places locally to chow down that are much cheaper and good.Would recommend, but reserve far in advance. Prices skyrocket as your date gets closer, especially in summer.	
Jun 19 2005	Very pleased with the Kimberly	My cousin and I stayed 6 nights at the Kimberly in a 1 bedroom on the 26th floor. The beds were wonderful, the best I've found in New York - including The Plaza. The furniture was a bit worn, but fine. The room was very quiet and the balcony was an added plus.The door staff was friendly and helpful and the hotel was in a good location near the subway and many great restaurants.I will definately stay at The Kimberly again.	
Jun 18 2005	Fantastic Hotel!	The Kimberly is truly my favorite hotel in NYC!!!! The one bedroom suite I requested was perfect, with a great added touch, a private balcony with a view of the city. The beds and bathroom were very nice, as well as the staff, who were all very helpful and friendly! The FREE Internet kiosk off the hotel lobby is also an awesome feature. The location is also with in walking distance of several midtown attractions and the shopping on 5th. Ave. ! The concierge recommended MAMA MEXICO, a fabulous mexican restaurant just down the street from the hotel for dinner one night, and it was truly amazing!!! I love this hotel and hope to return ASAP!!!	
Jun 14 2005	Will definitely go back.	Excellent hotel staff, service and location. The two bedroom suite was perfect for our group, although not inexpensive. We loved having a balcony to got some fresh air, and a full kitchen was very nice. The decor is somewhat tired. However, the beds were the most comforable I've ever encountered in a hotel (and I've stayed at several Westins). Clean and a good value. Great luncheonette next door, Starbucks, McDonalds and a great bagel place right around the corner.	
Jun 2 2005	Has to be the best kept secret in nyc superb	From the moment we arrived at the front door and was greeted by the wonderful staff our incredible experience began. My self and three of my friends (all girls) stayed for 3 nights May 26- May 28, we never felt crowded at all in the very spacious rooms. Very clean, beds wonderful, bath was fine even for 4 ladies trying to get ready. We definitely will be back to the Kimberly, we recommend it to everyone. Good bye Waldorf Astoria, the kimberly is our new home away from home.	
Jun 1 2005	Great all-around hotel!	The Kimberly hotel was an excellent experience. We were on a bachelorette/girls weekend and the hotel staff did everything from making dinner reservations to coming to our room to take a group photo of us on the balcony. They were extremely polite, the beds were wonderful, great location and price! I would definitley recommend this hotel!	
May 25 2005	Absolutely loved it	What a great find. The rooms were huge and very comfortable. The location was extremely convenient to everything we wanted to see and the service was impeccable and very friendly. I highly recommend it for anyone wanting a comfortable, affordable hotel with genuinely friendly, helpful staff!	
May 23 2005	A great hotel in a great location	Just got back from NYC and spend 3 nights at the Kimberly. We were most impressed. Good rooms with great space and fantastic beds.Location is great. We ate at O'Neills the steakhouse joined to the hotel (they also serve breakfast). I had the best steak I have eaten in years and superb service. I would highly commend both the hotel and restaurant. As and earlier reviewer mentions, if you are looking for modern chic this is not the place as it is a very traditional hotel. All in all a great place and one of the biggest suite we have had in any hotel. They also have access to a local gym and health club which was a nice bonus.	
May 17 2005	Lived Up to My Very High Expectations	We had an early flight from Greensboro, NC to La Guardia on May 12th and we arrived at the Kimberly at 10 am. We were met promptly by a doorman who loaded our bags on a cart and directed us to Kurt who checked us in. Altho our room wasn't ready at 10 am, it was ready at 12:30 when we returned after lunch. We booked a one-bedroom suite for which we paid an average of $270 per night for our 6-night stay.I think the pictures I've posted tell the story. The room was lovely . . . very traditional style furnishings . . . but very comfortable and tasteful. The small kitchen was well-equipped. We had no need for pots and pans, and dishes but they were there and everything was very clean and neat. The lighting throughout was excellent and there were lots of extra outlets (which I needed to charge my camera batteries, cell phones, and PDA.) I brought my laptop and paid extra ($7.95 a day) for high-speed internet access. It was simple to set up. There was a printer/fax machine on the desk in the living room (no charge for activation and private fax number). The bedroom was a good size with a very large closet and a safe big enough to hold a laptop. (I left mine sitting on the desk during our entire stay; just used the safe for some cash.) There is a 4-drawer double dresser in the bedroom and two night stands each with 2 drawers. If additional drawer space is needed, the armoire in the living room has 3 large drawers and there's a small drawer in the desk. In addition to the closet in the bedroom, there is one just inside the entrance to the suite and a large closet with shelves just outside the bathroom.Two very plush terry robes were provided and we loved lounging in them (I would have purchased one for my husband but he was worried that someone might think his name is &quot;Kimberly&quot;.) TV sets are conveniently located in the living room and bedroom. They were a bit small but certainly adequate and in good working condition (19&quot; screens I think).The bed itself was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on. The bedding was immaculate and soft and plush. There were 7 large pillows on the bed (some down, some foam) and the comforter itself was down and very heavy.Previous reviewers said that the bathrooms are small. Yes, they are a bit small but not lacking in amenities. A very large medicine cabinet (3 separate doors) contained shelf space for every toiletry we brought and then some. The doors to the cabinet were mirrored and opened to form a 3-way mirror. There were lots of towels and extras in the closet.The service provided by the entire staff was outstanding. The New York Times was outside of our door every morning. Our room was made up each day between 9 am and 2 pm. Turndown service was provided each evening while we were out to dinner. This included remaking the bed with chocolates on our pillows as well as another bathroom cleaning and fresh towels. Everything was always clean and tidy. I must make one other comment about the staff. On our first night, we rushed out of the suite after putting $300 in cash in our safe. Not only did we forget to lock the safe, we forgot to close it as well, and also didn't close the door to the closet containing the safe. When we returned later that night, our room had been made up and the money was still there. I'm not advising anyone to leave their cash unsecured, but the incident convinced me that I could feel comfortable leaving my laptop on the desk throughout our stay.A couple of final comments about the Kimberly's location. Located on 50th street between Lexington and Third Avenue, everything you could want is nearby. Subways and bus lines are within 2 blocks as are small delis and breakfast spots. (Au Bonne Pain has the best cafe au lait and chocolate croissants!) If you stay at the Kimberly (or almost anywhere else in the city) remember you're not in Kansas anymore! You will have noise . . . fire engines, police vehicles . . . sirens galore, and horns blown by impatient taxi drivers. There is no escape from the sounds of the city. Our room was on the 20th floor. We heard noise all the time, but it didn't bother us; actually we love it! We could have closed our windows to block out some of it, but the weather was lovely and we wanted the fresh air.To sum up, The Kimberly is a wonderful home base for a trip to New York City. The staff, without exception, were professional and very friendly. My husband and I were satisfied beyond all expectations and would certainly choose the Kimberly for our next visit to NYC.	
May 9 2005	Highly recommended	We stayed at the Kimberly for 6 nights in April and we would recommend it to anyone. It was convenient for subway, bus routes, 5th Avenue shops and Central Park. The staff were incredibly friendly and very helpful. We had a suite which had a sofa bed in the lounge area and two very comfortable double beds in the bedroom. Also two TVs and unexpectedly well equipped kitchen complete with dishwasher, microwave, oven and kettle! We also had a balcony - nice to get fresh air in the mornings.Our only complaint was that the sofa bed was a bit lumpy and, to be really picky, the bathroom was a little small. The decor is very traditional - if you want chic and modern this is not for you. However, it was clean and very comfortable.Ask for a room as high as possible - more light and better views. Also rooms at the back of the hotel avoided the street noise.	
Apr 19 2005	lots of room great location	stayed over spring break '05 - book with the hotel direct to be sure of room type - good front desk and concierge - excellent housekeeping staff - linens were great. Best thing was the amount of space in the suite! 3 in the family means we loved the extra room. Good moderate price cafe next door! Central location close to the Waldorf means easy access to Rockefeller Center and Times Square is a 10 min. walk. Undergoing rooms renovation. Needed. Service makes up for it. Would recommend.	
Apr 10 2005	Everything I expected	Just stayed 5 nights at the Kimberly with my wife and 2 young teens during spring break. The hotel was everything it was cracked up to be in the recent reviews. Location was perfect for a family vacation. I would not recommend staying in Time Square which is too hectic and noisy and does not feel as safe. The staff was overly courteous the entire time. The 1 BR suite was more than adequate and had plenty of room even with a rollaway bed (no extra charge.) As others have stated, the bathroom is a little small but not a problem. Did not eat breakfast at the hotel but excellent and reasonable breakfast could be had around the corner at Essa Bagel or the Metro. The bed was very comfortable and had a nice down comforter and pillow top. Only negative was that the bedroom door did not have a lock which took away some of the privacy factor...oh, well. Would definitely go back next time.	
Apr 6 2005	My Honeymoon was wonderful!!!	I love The Kimberly Hotel!!! My new husband and I spend the week there for our honeymoon in March 2005. Every employee was so friendly and really made us feel special. The hotel is in the best location... walking distance from many of the best New York sites. We were in the one bedroom suite and it was so roomy... we spent a few days just in the room and it never felt crowded. The balcony was a nice touch, too. Best in New York for the price.	
Mar 28 2005	Great weekend at the Kimberly	We just returned from a trip to New York where we stayed at the Kimberly. The service was tremendous. The doorman was the best we have ever had. The lobby was clean, the elevators were small, and the rooms were clean. We stayed in a one bedroom suite and although it was clean there were some improvements that could be made. When you turned on the lights, you could see what appeared to be burn marks from the light bulbs, also there was a picture on the wall and the frame was coming apart. Everything was within walking distance. We ate breakfast at the restaurant and it was ok. We went back to the restaurant for desert and coffee and as we were eating my wife spotted a mouse near the front of the place, the waiter acted surprised and then came back and said &quot;did it leave yet&quot;, like it was a joke or it happend all the time. I would not recommed the place. The best restaurant we ate at was St. Andrews on West 46th street the steak and chicken dishes were spectacular and the price was right on. Can't wait to go back.	
Mar 17 2005	Can't wait to go back!	Just got back form a 4 night stay at the Kimberly. The location of the Kimberly is great! Just a quick walk to Rockefeller Center and St. Patricks. Within walking distance to Times Square and ESB. We felt extremely safe in the location. The resturant (George O'neils) has a $10.00 breakfast buffet that is great! The room was huge! It had a full kitchen stocked with everything. The decor was a little dated, but everything was clean. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I will stay at the Kimberly the next time I get to New York!	
Mar 8 2005	Fantastic place to stay!	We have just come back from a 3 night break in New York with our 3 year old son having had a fantastic time. We booked at the Kimberly Hotel last minute when an appartment company let us down... and we were so glad that we ended up here! The location is great, staff couldn't have been more helpful (suggesting child-friendly restaurants etc). Suites were very roomy and well furnished - beds were amazingly comfy!(although we overlooked the air-conditioning units at the back of the adjacent hotel). The breakfast at the adjoining restaurant was a bargain $10 buffet and they didn't charge for our son! We will definitely be staying here again. (More comfortable and better value than the Waldorf Astoria where we stayed last time!)	
Mar 6 2005	Great hotel great location A+++	Stayed at The Kimberly Feb. 26-28th and was very pleased with our choice. I booked it because of the reviews I read on Trip advisor and everything was right on. The location was perfect ,close to walk to the 5 th Ave. stores and the play we saw on Broadway.The beds are so unbeleivably comfortable I am buying a feather bed for myself.We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite that was really big and had a nice kitchen and a balcony! It was very clean. I would highly recommend having the breakfast buffet in the connected O'neils Restaurant for $10.00.Omlets to order, carmelized french toast, carved ham etc... it was wonderful as was the price.I can't beleive the price of the rooms, for New York you can't beat the value and the quality.	
Feb 9 2005	Can I move in?	The staff and rooms are soo wonderful. This mostly suites property provide clean very spacious rooms at extremely affordable rates. A rarety for NYC.   Conveniently located in midtown, the staff make you feel like you're at your 2nd home. Little things like remembering your name, turn down service, craftmatic beds (not in all rooms), balcony, too many benefits to list.  Can't wait to come back! 	
Jan 7 2005	What a gem!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Kimberly from Dec. 12-15 and were delighted with the room we were assigned. We did not have a suite, and I wasn't sure what to expect as far as room size, since so many posts talk about the small rooms in NYC. What a pleasant surprise to find our lovely, large, spotlessly clean room! The staff were all pleasant, helpful, and friendly. There is a subway station just one block away (or less), and the Manhattan Cafe next door was a great place for a filling, delicious, inexpensive breakfast. We did a lot of walking, day and night, and always felt completely safe walking to the Kimberly, even though it is 2 or 3 of the long blocks from the 5th Ave. area. My husband and I agree that we have never slept on a more comfortable bed--anywhere! He even removed part of the bedding trying to find the brand name!! The robes were plush and comfortable--and meant one less thing to pack! We were not on a very high floor, but if there was any road noise, we didn't hear it. Our only complaint might have been a rather loud band playing somewhere one night---but before we could think about complaining to the desk, that comfortable bed just put us right to sleep! We would certainly stay here on future visits, and highly recommend the Kimberly to everyone.	
Dec 28 2004	It was the best	We stayed here for 6 nights including Christmas Eve. I don't think there is any comparable hotel suite this size at this price. We found almost everything to be top notch. I am astonished at the negative reviews and can't help thinking that the hotel must have since then undergone some renovations and/or upgrades at least to the 2 bedroom I stayed in (28B). I found it elegant and beautiful. The furnishings aren't meant to be modern and they were certainly not outdated. Since we were there during the winter, we didn't get much chance to use the balcony but what an added benefit. It is obvious that the Kimberly was once an apartment building as our suite was the size of a NY apartment, far larger than the ordinary (and even expensive) hotel room. While the bathrooms may not be marble, they are spacious enough and nicely appointed. The towels and bathrobes are plush. Unlike one review said, I found the lobby to be very beautiful and beautifully decorated for the holidays. And there wasn't a time when a doorman or two wasn't there to help with the revolving door and to hold the elevator. There is a full time concierge available to arrange for your every need. I will agree with one review that the kitchen is not well supplied for cooking. There is a medium size frig, a small oven and range and microwave and coffeepot. There is a basic set of pots, silverware, glasses and dishes. But no baking pans, mixing bowls, or microwave dishes. So don't plan on doing a lot of cooking. All of the staff are extremely delightful and friendly. I felt like it was a home away from home and would highly recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Dec 6 2004	Wonderful!	My cousins and I spent our annual cousins weekend there! It was wonderful! People were so friendly, the rooms were great! Location.. couldn't ask for better! If I have to say anything I would have changed it would have been to stay on a higher floor. The only view we had was into a building next door! The Kimberly will be my home away home anytime I am in the city!	
Dec 3 2004	Good experience overall with the Kimberly	My wife and I and our son, age 13, stayed in a 1 BR, 1 bath suite at the Kimberly October 23 for one night.The hotel location was great for us: We were in NYC visiting relatives in Yorkville (Upper East Side), and the entrance to the Lexington Ave. subway was just a block from the Kimberly.The suite was spacious, and the furnishings, though more formal than we're used to, we're fine. The bathroom was small but not intolerably so. We used the kitchen only for coffee, but would have used it more had we stayed longer.We drove to the hotel. The bell captain on duty promptly and attentively handled our valet parking. The next morning after checking out we left our luggage in the bell captain's care so we could window shop before reclaiming our car. This arrangement went off without a hitch.One problem: Our suite was awfully warm. The heating/cooling controls seemed useless. We kept the room comfortable only by opening the windows and the balcony door.The $10 breakfast buffet at George O'Neill's is a great deal. The service was only fair though.	
Nov 11 2004	Great location comfy beds dated decor	Found the Kimberly via this website and couldn't believe the good things written about it. We (two moms, 3 kids) spent 3 nights in October, and found the 2 bedroom, 2 bath suite accommodations more than adequate. While the furnishings were quite dated and needed replacement, the beds were fabulously comfortable with their featherbeds over the mattresses. The 2nd bedroom was small, but adequate as we were here to sightsee, not spend time in the room. The master bedroom was quite spacious. George O'Neill's is as stated by others - the best bargain to be found!! Huge, beautifully displayed and delicious buffet with carving station, made-to-order eggs, etc. If I lived anywhere in the area, I'd eat there every day - you can't buy groceries for the cost of what they serve!If you're looking for finely appointed accommodations, our suite wouldn't fit the bill. But it was clean, well-priced, spacious (except for the bathrooms) and very convenient for all of our sightseeing activities.	
Nov 1 2004	fine value for a suite but not as good as I expected	We stayed here just this past weekend. Our 1-bedroom suite with terrace was airy (I loved being able to open the windows), quite clean &amp; well-maintained (e.g., no stains on the carpet), had great storage/closet space (there was even an umbrella for our use in the foyer closet). The bathrooms, however, are not full marble as you might expect from their website, (the walls are only partially clad in marble tile); the lobby is ho-hum &amp; provides almost no seating space for those waiting; and our suite's kitchen was not as well equipped with serving/cooking pieces &amp; utensils as the typical Residence Inn. The furnishings are not high-end, but attractive enough; the lighting is excellent; there was a fax/printer/copier atop the desk; and our bed was exceptionally comfortable.The Kimberly's level of service was appreciably lower than we were expecting based on recent reviews here. No doorman or bellhop greeted us upon arrival; we had to ask the front desk clerk if one was available, and when he appeared, he appeared to be only half-awake &amp; was still struggling to get his uniform jacket buttoned. The $10 breakfast buffet is a terrific deal, especially in Manhattan, and the omelet chef was personable; the wait staff was not attentive, e.g., we never did get the coffee creamer we asked for twice. And check-out was inordinately tedious: front-desk operations are not fully computerized, and they couldn't find our paper billings &amp; kept on looking for our folder long past the time when I would have apologized and re-opened the account.I'm willing to believe that the service we experienced was below their norm. But even so, I would say that if having a suite is not important to you, there are better choices available in the same (or lower ) price range. such as the Iroquois.	
Oct 26 2004	Kimberly Hotel - Fantastic!	We spent a week in mid-October at the Kimberly in a one-bedroom suite. The staff was very accomodating and gave us a corner suite with a terrific balcony view on the 26th floor at check in (yes, we had requested a view and high up). We loved our room! It was sparkling clean, plenty of closet space, well-appointed kitchen, living room with big balcony and great view, great feather bed, and marble bathroom with lots of storage. The attached restaurant, George O'Neill's is a steak house, but offers a huge $10 buffet breakfast. Consequently, we hardly used our kitchen. This is in a great midtown location and is just around the corner from two different subway lines.	
Oct 11 2004	Great for Families	I stayed at the Kimberly Oct 8-10. The one bedroom suite was large, comfortable and clean. I loved the balcony. The bed was very comfy. My kids slept on the pull out couch and had their own TV . It was nice to have the extra space. The bathroom is small but it has lots of storage space and a lighted make up mirror. The staff was friendly and professional.The hotel restaurant George O'Neils had a nice breakfast with a piano player. I look forward to my next stay at the Kimberly.	
Sep 15 2004 	Great Hotel	Went to New York to set my son up for Culinary studies and so after researching the net for over 6 months and comparing hotels I settled upon &quot;The Kimberly&quot;. Very glad I did. Centrally located to alot of what you go to New York to see. The staff (everyone included) made our stay most enjoyable. We were there for 12 days. I got to know several of the employees by name and they knew me and my family by name. The staff at the adjoining restaraunt &quot;George O'Neills&quot; was just as friendly. The service was great and the food excellent and they have a staff that they should be proud of - as I know they are. Loved the outside cafe. Thank you Vince for putting up with me just sitting outside soaking up the city and people watching. The conceirge staff at the Kimberly were very helpful in anything that I inquired about and very knowledgeable. The suite was good size and very clean and the noise level was hardly noticable. Slept like a baby. I was very impressed. Would I recommend this hotel to anyone - YOU BET. Thank all of you for the help, directions, watching over me, the ideas and most of all good service and great food. Will be going back in March and hope to see everyone again. - till then - the Matthews family.	
Sep 8 2004	Excellent hotel	My husband and 18 year old son and I stayed at the Kimberly 1-4 September 2004 and we had a great time. What a great asset the doormen Gregory and Jose are - always smiling and helping out - I would go back just to see them at work again!The one bedroom suite was clean and roomy(the king size bed had the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in) and the hotel is in an excellent location - within walking distance of most places but also near the subway.The 3 hour boat trip was very good - what a fantasic way to see New York in the evening. We would recommend this hotel to anyone and hope to go back one day.	
Aug 22 2004	Kimberly is great!	We stayed at The Kimberly from July 31st to Aug 8th 2004. The suite was great, with enough room for all four of us. My two sixteen year old girls found the sofa bed quite comfy and plenty roomy enough. The bathroom is small but spotlessly clean.All the staff were very friendly and helpful, but a special mention has to go to Greg, the doorman, whose welcoming smile was a pleasure to come home to after a long day of sightseeing. Don't bother looking for any other hotel!	
Aug 17 2004	wonderful choice!	Surprised my husband with a birthday weekend in NY. Chose the kimberly from user reviews and a great deal at hotels. It exceeded expectations - the spaciousness, the balcony, the staff. Some of the perks include passes to NY Health &amp; Racquet club a couple of blocks away with a great pool/sauna/whirlpool. for working off that fabulous breakfast buffet). Several subway lines and the crosstown busses on 49/50 make this very convenient for low cost getting about. If you need a cab, just call down ahead and concierge will arrange it - they were always more than willing to help - for ex. our smoke alarm battery was beeping, maint. was there in less than 5 minutes.If your looking for space, cleanliness and a smile, (without needing luxe in furnishings) visit the Kimberly...... Couldn't figure out &quot;The Vue&quot; next door - is it a nightclub, bar, restaurant - ??? Doorman/bouncers looked ominous.	
Aug 12 2004	Wonderful Stay	We had a wonderful stay at the Kimberley Suites Hotel. Our room was spacious and very clean. It was great to have a bedroom separate from the kids and a kitchen (although we didn't use it). The staff was kind and helpful and the ajoining restraunt had a fabulous buffet breakfast for only $10. We were there for pleasure for only 2 nights but I can certainly see staying here on an extended stay for business (or pleasure, if Manhattan's your thing). The ONLY down fall was that it was very difficult to get a cab in the rain, so leave early if you have a curtain or reservation to make.	
Jul 28 2004	Great for families	Stayed 5 days and couldn't have been happier! Rained one full day of our vacation but the spacious living area and kitchen felt more like home watching TV than stuck in a hotel room. The balcony was a great bonus! Bathroom was rather small but the rest of the amenities made up for it. Clean, good price for the area, great location and very friendly staff. Will stay there again.	
Jul 25 2004 	My Favorite New York Hotel!	I loved this hotel! It is far superior to better known hotels in the area. The value much exceeds the reasonable price. The hotel is quiet (for Manhattan), my suite was very nicely furnished, large and luxurious. The high speed internet connection and laptop-sized room safe were a great advantage. I was quite pleased with everyone I met on the hotel staff. This is a small, boutique hotel (by New York standards), and with a living room and kitchen, I felt that I could &quot;come home&quot; at night more than anywhere else I've ever stayed in New York. There was simply not one negative thing I saw in a four-night stay at this very lovely hotel, and I have only good things to say about it. A rare treasure!	
Jun 24 2004	Excellent condo hotel	Well maintained hotel coverted from former condo building.Understand it was rehabed completed within past 4 years.Very comfortble, amenities good. All come with small kitchen and dining areas, high speed internet lines, etc. In upper east side of Midtown, one block to east side subway lines. Rates are reasonable for NYC, but get far better prices from hotel websites as hotel just refuses to &quot;deal&quot;.	
Jun 3 2004	Outstanding	I travel to NYC every six weeks and have found a new home.The Kimberly Hotel is wonderful. The staff is great and always remembers my name. It has a great location and large suites. It is like being at home. I spend about 30 nigths a year in NYC and would not stay anywhere else. Highly recommend.	
May 22 2004	Loved The Kimberly	We stayed at The Kimberly May 13-16 and from the time we arrived we were treated great. The entire staff was wonderful. Our room (1 bdrm with a terrace) was quite roomy and pleasant (there were 4 of us). We ate at the restaurants outside tables and had a blast with the staff. The food was good. We wished we could have stayed longer and we will go back.	
May 18 2004	What a great hotel!	Made my first visit to NY 3-18 to 3-21. Had a 2 bedroom suite. It was wonderful! The bathrooms are clean and well stocked with goodies. Had a problem with the heat in one bedroom. Dont really think they fixed it, but opened the window.The suite was very spacious. Even had a doorbell! Nice to have a kitchen. The location is great. On a quiet street, yet close enough to everything you would want to see! The staff was very friendly.The consierge was great! The big plus was the balcony! What fun to sit out on nite in the city that never sleeps! Only had breakfast at George Oneil's. It was very good and almost too pretty to eat! Would surely recomend this hotel to anyone.	
May 17 2004	Kimberly is great	The Kimberly was outstanding. First we flew into Newark and since there were six of us, they clued us in to a Limo Service (Ask for Ralph 718-823-4350 GQ Limo $175 included tax) as it was cheaper than two taxis and didn't have the hassle of a shuttle. The rooms were killer. We had one with two double beds and a pull out couch (Sleeps like any pull out - Not like your bed at home but ok) and another one with a King and a pull out. Full kitchen. Very clean. Decent bathrooms (small but tidy). The living room and dining area were excellent and the best was that they put us across the hall from each other so we just left our doors open and ran back and forth. I think there are only 6-8 rooms on each floor and the people at the front desk and concierge desk were top notch customer service. There is a deli around the corner that will blow your socks off (Azure). On weekdays it has everything you can think of and was outstanding. Concierge also recommended Umbertos in Little Italy which has excellent food and a decent price - There is even a fun karaoke bar around the corner. Have fun in NYC and enjoy the Kimberly - It will not disappoint. 	
Apr 26 2004	Great location nice room fair price	We just returned from 3 nights at the Kimberly. After a slight glitch checking in (there were no rooms with king beds so we had to upgrade to a larger room), we were very happy with our surroundings for the three days. A stone's throw from all we wanted to see - including great shopping on Fifth Avenue, Central Park etc. (and a wonderful mexican restaurant called Mama Mexicano, one street away opposite Pampanos).Fantastic service. Very helpful staff. Spacious room. Would definitely return again ...	
Jan 12 2004	Kimberly -- a cozy suite hotel in midtown		
Oct 8 2003	Value-Value-Location		
Oct 1 2003	Quality room good value		
Aug 18 2003	Excellent Value in the Heart of it All!		
Jul 7 2003	Would Not Recommend		
Jun 25 2003	Not that great		
May 14 2003	Excellent hotel with good service		
Apr 15 2003 	Better than expected		
Feb 9 2003	very nice very small bathrooms		
Nov 3 2002	The Kimberly is terrific!		
Sep 11 2008 	situation idéale		
Jul 28 2008 	il ne lui manque pas grand chose		
Sep 29 2007 	Plus jamais		
Jan 5 2006	Excellent rapport qualité/prix		
