	Decent hotel at a decent price	This hotel is older with large rooms. You get a kitchen in the suite, so if you are a with a family that is a great addition (eat inside). If you need the space and want a low cost hotel, this is a great option.	
Nov 13 2009 	Very user friendly	Just came back from a couple of days of fun in New York. Stayed at Eastgate in room 25B. We were on the last floor. Great view. Very quiet and very clean. Very helpful staff. This was a big, clean appartment with 2 bathrooms. a well equipped kitchen, a dining room and a big living room. Beds and pillows were comfortable. I have back problems so I am almost an expert.... Got it through Priceline. 15 minute walk to Times Square and loads of shops around for groceries or anything you want. I would not recommend Byblos restaurant nearby. Food was so-so and expensive. I will be coming back to this hotel!	
Nov 10 2009 	Huge suites clean sheets and a great location.	Three of us stayed at the Eastgate Tower along with our baby daughter. We needed a one bedroom suite with a kitchen and got a great online deal. The reviews on tripadvisor were generally positive, so we hoped for the best without any great expectations. As it turned out, we were pleasantly surprised. The hotel is in a great spot in midtown Manhattan, close to Grand Central Station and with a Diagostio supermarket, ubiquitous Starbucks and fresh bagels just a few minutes away. On first appearance it's a little tired, but it's clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. Our suite was very spacious, with a dining area, separate kitchen, huge lounge and a very large bedroom with two comfortable double beds, another TV and no sign of bedbugs. The bathroom was clean and the shower pressure was great. It's not the Hudson, but it's great value and if you want to hang out with the hip crowd, the W is just a minute's walk up the road.You will like The Eastgate Tower if you:- want plenty of space- are on a budget- are travelling with children- want to escape from Times Square- like to make your own breakfastYou will not like it if you:- want an hotel that looks like a page out of Wallpaper* magazine	
Nov 9 2009 	Why are standards for hotels different in NY than anywhere else in the world.	Stayed here based on reviews on Tripadvisor and all I can say is this hotel is a dump. Not surprising since hotel standards in NY are different from any other city in the world. A 5 star is actually a 3 star, a 4 star is a 2 etc. So, since this hotel is a 2.5 it is actually a .5 which makes sense because that is exactly what it is. Picture a really bad bachelor pad with mismatched furniture clunky light fixtures a TV that has horrible reception a layer of dust on the vanity light in bathroom. The only good thing about this room was the fact that the shower worked very well, it drained properly and the water pressure was good. That's all that was good.	
Nov 4 2009 	Roomy room and good location for New York	We were referred by someone who had stayed here and we were happy with our choice. We did get the Jr. suite for a little extra room. We were about 10 min. walk from Grand Cental which we did use a lot. The staff was nice and was maybe a 10 min walk to time square or the theaters. There were also restaurants near by also.	
Nov 4 2009 	Ideal for our family of 4	Have recently returned from a 4 night stay with my husband and 2 children (aged 8 &amp; 10) and I have no complaints about this hotel at all!We had a one bedroom apartment on the 14th floor which had two beds, sofa bed and full kitchen. As others have said, it's not exactly stylish but the rooms are huge, the beds are comfy, it is cleaned every day and the staff are friendly. We were able to walk to many places of interest without complaints from the children and when we wanted to go further Grand Central was a short walk away.We had a couple of good breakfasts at the Frontier Diner which was close-by otherwise there are plenty of delis and restaurants to choose from if you are staying local.One thing to note - when we arrived the hotel put us in a one bedroom apartment on the 9th floor by mistake (theirs not ours). We only spent about 5 mins in it before they moved us but it has to be said that room wasn't in as good condition - the carpet was much older with a few dodgy looking stains and the beds weren't as comfortable. The kitchen appliances also looked older. It wasn't bad enough to make us complain but the 2nd room was definately better - maybe they are rennovating from top to bottom? Might be an idea to ask for a higher floor.	
Oct 31 2009 	Friendly staff huge rooms clean and safe.	We stayed 10 days and were very satisfied with the location (short walk to Grand Central station), small kitchen, coin-laundry in the basement, service, and many places close by to eat and get groceries. We had a Junior Suite and the room was huge with 3 small closets, plenty of drawers and room to dance. The TV color and channel selection were poor and the furniture outdated, but we were there to see the sights, so not a problem.	
Oct 24 2009 	Nothing to complain about budget Hotel	I got placed here via Priceline. It was fine and a good value. Room was large, has a kitchenette. Bathroom clean and totally serviceable. Room was a bit cold but not nearly as bad as some 4-5 star places I've been in NYC. Its an old city that was built like crap, most of the buildings are cold, in my exp.For sub-$200 a night prices, it was just fine.	
Oct 23 2009 	Eastgate Fulfilled All Our Needs	We found the Eastgate Tower to be ideal for our group of five. It was so quiet - even from one room to another. We had a two bedroom suite with sofa bed. We bought some breakfast foods from a small grocer nearby and saved ourselves time and money. There were even wine glasses in the kitchen. The furniture was outdated but the beds were wonderful and everything was clean. One word of caution. I had a confirmation showing rate and number of persons. When we arrived not only did they not have a suite with separate beds in each bedroom as requested but they also tried to change our room rate. Lucily I had brought our email confirmation to show them. They changed us to our choice of room configuration the next day when a room was available.	
Oct 20 2009 	An excellent base for a stay in New York!	This hotel was everything we wanted.A very central location,clean and spacious and friendly,helpful staff.The room decor was a bit dated but very clean and maid service with clean towels every day.	
Oct 15 2009 	No luxury but spacious for our group	We reserved a two bedroom, two bath suite on a non-smoking room, which is what we got. Check-in was quick and easy, at most it took 5 minutes. The bellman, Luis, loaded all our luggage to his cart and took there to our room. he also gave us a tour of the room, showed us how to use the AC and we can open the windows if we wanted fresh air. The room was HUGE, our toddler had a blast walking from room to room. We did open the windows every day. Having a full kitchen was nice, though we didn't need it. The maid stopped by every day to make beds, change towels, etc. The hotel did not have a restaurant, but only minutes away is the Frontier Diner, they offer breakfast, lunch &amp; dinner with free delivery. Other stores in the area include: McDonalds, Dunkin Donuts, convient stores, Duane Reade, chinese restaurant, pizza place. We only paid about $299 per night which is an awesome deal in Manhattan for our group of 7.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great location - basic hotel great base great staff.	We stayed for 6 nights. This hotel is basic - room was above average size and very clean, but dimly lit and somewhat dated. However, it was exactly what we needed for the price, and was great value for money. The room we were alloacted was a mini-apartment with ktichenette, and the bathroom was small but functional. Its location was ideal for exploring the city, and it was a perfect base for our holiday. The staff were extremely helpful, and happy to assist with any needs we had. Bars and resturants were nearby (cheap breakfast spot at one end of the street - try the chocolate chip pancakes!) and just a 10 min walk to Grand Central Station. Overall, we would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to others on a budget.	
Oct 11 2009 	Nothing to write home about	Good size room, serviceable as a place to stay, but not a particularly comfortable or inviting room environment. Very hard bed, chairs for working at table were in terrible shape, and TV was old and had pretty poor reception.	
Oct 11 2009 	Perfect place for a perfect price	The Eastgate Tower hotel is located in Midtown and a five minutes walk from Grand Central Terminal. Nearby are deli's, restaurants and shops. It was our groups second trip and we really loved this hotel.We had a two bedroom suite that was huge for a very friendly price. We had breakfast everymorning in the room and even made dinner once in the room. When we came back from dinner we relaxed in the sittingroom, talked, had a drink. Very relaxing!We could see the UN building (24th floor) and a reflection of the Chrysler building. Then you know you really are in New York.The room was better than expected for the price (240 euro's/night) but do not expect a fancy room. Each room had a tv. The kitchen was equipped with the necessary utensils. including a dishwasher.	
Oct 1 2009 	Convenience space	Conveniently located about 6 blocks from the UN Headquarters as well as Grand Central Terminal, the Eastgate is an all suites hotel providing rudimentary, but quite adequate services and facilities. The unit we had was an oversized suite affording us a lot of space for two people. The room was quiet which we really appreciated.The only negative is a lack of on site restaurant or even a snack bar/pop machine. However, a number of restaurants and stores including a grocery store were close by. The staff were very helpful and friendly.	
Sep 30 2009 	Wonderful roomy apartment style suite	Eastgate Towers exceeded all of our expectations for our first family vacation to NYC! Great location a 5 min walk to the subway at Grand Central Station. The two bedroom suite was not luxurious but roomy and comfortable - apartment style, with 2 bedrooms, 2 baths, kitchen, roomy livingrm/dining w sleeper couch.The web special price of $199 was an unbelievable value. With three teenagers, we were nervous about NYC hotel room sizes only to be pleasantly surprised with this most spacious suite, we've ever stayed in all our travels.Definitely stay there again.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great location spacious not lux	We stayed two nights in a 2br apartment. It was very spacious. The beds were ok, rooms were very spacious, there was kitchen which was great, though not the cleanest. The pull out sofa was not comfortable for sleeping (as expected). The hotel has not been renovated in a while, but it was roomy and comfortable. I would stay there again.	
Sep 18 2009 	Run down 	Like many these days, when traveling on business, I need to be budget conscious. It didn't help that my stay overlapped the NY Open. I'd read reviews and seen pictures of the Eastgate here so I wasn't expecting anything terribly new, but this hotel is in FAR worse shape than the reviews I saw would indicate. I wouldn't have minded the fact the it's dated if it was clean. Unfortunately it was not. Not even close. Then there was the bed.... if that's what you want to call it. I've slept in airport waiting areas that were more comfortable. I can't wait to get out of here and give all of my things a disinfectant level cleaning. Bottom line, even in NYC you can do better for the money.	
Sep 16 2009 	Excellent choice for small group	We (5 friends) took advantage of their weekly rates which was great value for the accommodation received. The size of the rooms were very good. Lounge and dining area furniture were abit dated, but bedrooms big and clean. We had the 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment. The lounge was a sofa bed and could be used as sleeping quarters. There was also a fully functional kitchen with microwave in our apartment.The hotel did not have breakfast, but we had no trouble having a quick meal on the go or eating nearby. Also check out the sushi restaurant next door which was really tasty.The hotel had a computer downstairs and a 24hr reception. Couldn’t see any other facilities, but that was all we needed.Location was great, very close to grand central and the Chrysler building. Took us about 5min walk.The only reason this did not get a 5* is that the rooms were overbooked when we stayed (June). We had to be put up for 1night in a 1 bedroom apartment before changing the following day. A nominal amount of compensation was given, but we would have preferred to just get our chosen rooms in the first place. Not sure if this happens often.	
Sep 13 2009 	Good Cheap Hotel Thats Okay!!!	The hotel is located on 39th street which is close to un building and chrysler, its a few blocks away from times square but walkable. We walked it most nights just for the buzz. there are places to eat locally for breakfast, a supermarket on the corner too. the hotel itself is basic so you do get what you pay for, but it was clean, the mains even washed our pots for us too which woz nice (yes we tipped). the room we had was a studio so we could have our own breakfast in the apartment. everything was fine, it is nothing flash, its just dated and needs a spruce up and modern decoration. but it only cost me £320 for 4 nights which is great. i would go back and recommend it, sure its miles from central park and a bit away but you can walk in new york and feel safe anytime and thats whats great.had a smashing 4 nights and did all the touristy stuff. its definately a 24hour lifestyle, you see many people jogging and everyone is talking on mobiles and walking with their starbucks coffee on the streets. we even saw a bloke reading a book whilst walking- mental but all funny.staff were fine in the hotel, same anywhere, some people are more helpful than others but all in all great stuff. wud recomend for anyone on a budget and wanting safe nice accomodation.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good hotel but it could have been better	The Eastgate Tower is conveniently located near Midtown and Grand Central – 42nd St Station and is in walking distance of many attractions. The hotel was fine. The rooms are very spacious, but feature a very noisy air conditioner going on 24/7. I had a great view over Manhattan. The staff was O.K., but could have been a little friendlier.	
Sep 7 2009 	Calm and comfort at a reasonable price	We were very pleased with our stay at the Eastgate Tower. Our &quot;junior suite&quot; was quite spacious and included a kitchenette - a rarity in downtown Manhattan. We found the price quite reasonable compared to other similar hotels.Our only complaint would be the steep cost for a wireless internet connection. Most hotels offer complimentary free wifi nowadays. Fortunately you can find free hotspot connections in the street less than a block away if you aren't willing to pay.	
Sep 6 2009 	Excellent hotel with brilliant location	Me and my boyfriend stayed eight nights in Eastgate Tower Hotel and we definitely liked the hotel. The rooms were spacious and tidy and what's most important the location was brilliant. The service was ok and there was no noice from other rooms etc. Grocery stores and cafe places (such as Starbucks) are situated close to the hotel.There was a guest computer with an Internet connection downstairs. Unfortunately the price of using the Internet was quite pricy. But don't worry. If you need to check your emails you can always go to BurgerKings or net cafe that you may find every where. The location was ecxellent. Just a 15 minutes walk to Empire State Building and also the Grand Central Terminal with nice subway connections is very close. This is also one reason why the hotel is good for people who want to explore the city during their stay in NYC.Eastgate Tower Hotel isn't the newest hotel in the city but it is definitely a great choise for a normal traveller. It is great for couples and families.I am more than happy to recommend this hotel to everybody who are travelling to New York City for leisure. We would choose this hotel again!	
Aug 31 2009 	Fantastic value in the heart of Manhattan	We stayed in the Eastgate for 7 nights in August. As others have said before the rooms are enormous ( I think larger than the two bedroomed wimpey house that was our first home ). I travelled with my husband and two teenaged sons and we had a two bedroom suite. This meant that anyone suffering from Jetlag could go and sit in the sitting room whilst others slept. It was cool ( in a very hot and humid NY ), very clean, and quiet. The rooms could be a bit smarter, but the carpet in ours looked brand new ( certainly less than a month old ), and the bathrooms were well cleaned each day, and the sheets changed every other day.We used the laundry room in the basement that has 6 washing machines and four dryers – so we could leave with all our clothes clean.The location in mid town is great, just in the area that tourists think of when they think of New York. We had 7 day passes for the subway/buses and we became expert at catching the uptown/downtown busses at each end of the block. The buses are clean, and air conditioned, and the stops have the schedules, and the buses are on time.We asked a question of reception the first day, and they gave us bogus advice ( recommending a taxi to go to somewhere 3 blocks away ) – so we used tripadvisor from then on. Apart from that , the Eastgate was perfect. We got a $200 a night deal which included internet, and the value we got for that price could not be beaten.Also check out the Mexican restaurant Singuel on 3rd avenue and 40th – the best meal we had in 16 nights in the US. We went on the last night – and wished we could have gone again.	
Aug 28 2009 	Good place for visiting New York but needs to be renovated !	Rooms are spacious and calm (for New York !). But we spent two hours to clean it by ourselves, because it was very dirty. All the hotel deserves renovation.	
Aug 24 2009	new york new york you got to love it	we stayed at the eastgate hotel in new york and the rooms are small but nice the price is good but be very careful i recived the bill after my stay and paid with my charge . when i returen home i recived a call that we went over our limit on our charge card .i called the bank and it turns out that the hotel put in a charge higher than what the bill stated . you would think that the bill which stated paid by visa was what was sent to the bank . well i guess after you leave they must spin a wheel and see what they will charge after you check out im not happy with what they did .	
Aug 24 2009 	Excellent Hotel Great Value and Location Cannot Fault	This was our first trip to New York and the hotel was great for what we needed. Its in a great location, 5 min walk from Grand Central Station where the subway will get you anywhere. Only 10 min walk will also get you to time square.The room was very clean, with the maid making up the room and changing the bedding and towels every day. The hotel staff were very helpfull and answered any questions we had. The hotel could not be better for the price.Only thing id say against is if you need internet it is available but its now $14 for 24 hours.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great value great location	For our 5 day stay in NYC we were looking for an affordable room in the city and I stumbled upon the Eastgate Towers.After reading the reviews on tripadvisor, we booked a room for about $120/night.On arrival, the staff was friendly, explained that the restaurant was closed for remoddeling and gave us some tips for nearby places to eat.Checkin was fast and friendly.The room was very big, had a nice little kitchenette (microwave, fridge, coffemaker and stove) and - most importantly - was clean. The room decor was a little dated, as mentioned by other reviewers, but that didn't bother us at all.Hotel staff was helpful and friendly during our stay.The location is great - some restaurants, shops &amp; deli's are located just around the corner. Grand Central, also has the nearest metro, is a 5-10 minute walk.Concluding: great place to stay if you're looking for an affordable room on a great location in New York - would stay there again next time.If	
Aug 20 2009 	A huge appartment of 110 m2 / 1200 ft2	Our family of 4 stayed in this great appartment hotel (I think it was a junior suite). We had a large livingroom, a large bedroom, a bathroom and a kitchen. What more can you ask for? After walking around in New York all day we had lots of room for the four of us to relax. The deli was just around the corner, so we filled up our fridge and watched lots of baseball in the evening. We just loved the hotel! and New York :-)	
Aug 6 2009 	Great place to stay!	We stayed at Eastgate for 7 nights. We booked that hotel because of the positive reviews on Trip Advisor. As most reviewers have mentioned, the décor is a little dated, but the rooms are very big, and clean. The bed was very comfortable, and the bedding clean and fresh. The kitchen is a great bonus, especially the coffee pot after a big night out! It was also great to be able to use the laundry. The hotel is very conveniently located, a very cheap cab ride from Times Square (we’re not that young – we didn’t want to walk). The diner on the corner at 3rd Ave was great for breakfast. We did not need much help from the staff, but Betsy was very helpful when booking our trip to Niagara. We’d definitely stay at Eastgate again, especially since the rates are so good.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Location and Value.	I booked our reservation online after I saw a Web special offer for $149/night from the hotel. Wow, where else can you get such a good hotel deal in NYC? Of course I checked through all the reviews on TA about the hotel, and even with mostly positive reviews, I still had a bit of apprenhension. The hotel is conveniently located near Grand Central Terminal and subway stations. The area is bustling with plenty of shops for shopping. My friend and I booked a 1-bedroom with 2 Qn beds suite. The suite is spacious (think of it as a one-bedroom apartment as it was before it was converted into a hotel). It even has a half-bath off the dining area. We had more space than we know what to do with. The kitchen area was equipped with coffee pot and the essential dishes and wares. The furnishings were a bit dated and worn. But the bed was very comfortable. Most importantly, the suite was clean (which is very important to me).The service was fine but perfunctory but didn't bother us since we only needed to check-in and out.I'd definitely stay there again if they keep offering such good deal.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great Value huge rooms!	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Eastgate Tower! Our room was very spacious with a full kitchen which was helpful and saved us a lot of money on things like Breakfasts and snacks. The rooms were clean but slightly dated. The maid service was every day and they were very friendly and unintrusive. Furthermore, the location was great - very central but still quiet enough to sleep soundly! Also some great restaurants in the surrounding areas which are of better value and quality compared to more central restaurants.	
Jul 17 2009 	Huge Rooms Great Prices	I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights last week. I thought it was a very good deal for the size of the rooms. We stayed in a 2 bedroom/2baths. The decor was a little outdated but nothing too bad. It was a great location too. We walked to Times Square several times. Grand Central is a short walk too. That was great. I thought all the employees I dealt with were very kind. It was a great stay.	
Jul 16 2009 	STAY AWAY!	The hotel is run down, location is good, staff was very unprofessional, and they charged me 500 USD instead of 149 USD pr night, the rate that was confirmed when I booked. When I conplained they said they where sorry,and it was an obvious mistake, but that they couldn't do anything about it. Never ever stay at this hotel...	
Jul 1 2009 	Good hotel location big rooms!	Our family of 4 stayed here last week. I was a little nervous after we went to check in and as of 3:30, our room still wasn't ready. They had given late check-out to the people before us, well, that's fine if you don't have someone waiting. We arrived at 10:45, had a very early flight, they checked our luggage and we went to explore. We came back at 2:30, and room still wasn't ready, checked again at 3pm and they said another 1/2 hour. My husband was not happy. I had told them we needed a non smoking floor as my one daughters has allergies. We had booked a 1 bedroom suite, and they upgraded us to a 2 bedroom/2 bath suite! Well, this made up for the wait. They also made sure they cleaned very well knowing about her allergies. I loved my pillow, slept like a rock every night, maybe that was because we were out all day!! It was so nice to have the 2 bathrooms with 2 teenage daughters, they loved having their own beds in their own room! There is a McDonald's, Dunkin Donuts, grocery store and drug store right on the corner. Nice to have a fridge and microwave for leftovers, which there were plenty of. All the restaurants we went to we brought something home. I know this hotel doesn't have a huge lobby, restaurant or bar area, but the large rooms and location make up for it. We weren't there much anyway. I don't usually like to eat in hotel restaurants anyway. We liked that it was away from Times Square, about a 15-20 min walk for us, but not too far from a walk to the subway. I would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 29 2009 	Will be staying again	Was doubted when first booked, but was so very happy with location and value for $$$. We will be staying there again for sure. First time visitors to the US from Australia. I had big expectations and all were met...except for flight...(dont fly united)...the Eastgate was exceptional and I honestley couldn't fault them on a thing. Could walk anywhere and staff were fantastic. My first trip to the US, so was very weary, but would stay here again for sure and have already give them A ++++ service to travellers heading over !!!!	
Jun 28 2009 	Convenient for family of 5	We loved the 2 bed rooms and privacy of 2 bath rooms.Suite is very big, even for 5 of us. Only thing, there are only 3 comfy seats to watch TV. The suite can really do with another couch.Cost for wireless internet is a rip off but fortunately there are other free wireless networks that you can receive.Price pretty expensive, but hey, this is New York. No hidden costs upon check out.Convenient location &amp; we felt safe walking around in the evening.	
Jun 26 2009 	Shabby. Welrdly Detached Staff.	OK, I check these reviews all the time, and it often strikes me that certain people are just complainers. Now I'm going to sound like one, and that's not my usual style. I picked the hotel because of the good rate, especaily for a suite. I had stayed at the Affinia Gardens in March and loved it. (Same chain.) At this hotel: check-in was weird. They never cited the agreed-upon rate or the number of days of the stay. I asked for a room on an upper floor. They assigned me to a smoking floor without telling me that. The room itself smelled like stale smoke. The furniture was shabby. We wound up leaving a little early -- the night before the morning of our scheduled check-out. when I called down to tell them that, they told me they would not be able to show me a printed bill or statement at night -- which means I never saw my room rate -- not at check-in or check-out!I thought the maid service was sloppy. (Smudgy, streaky toilet rim when I checked in.) Then there's the little things: in this day and age when people travel with laptops and other equipment, you really have GOT to offer those little in-room safes. Not here. I also really hate having to pay for internet service every day, call down, get a new password every day, etc. And those of us who like to fall asleep to quiet, gentle music really appreciate having an iPod docking station or at least a CD player at bedside. Not here.OK, I sound really whiny.	
Jun 25 2009 	Excellent hotel for our family of five.	We traveled to New York with our three teenagers and found a two-bedroom suite at the Eastgate Towers to be an excellent alternative to getting two rooms at a standard hotel. We got a very good price online. As noted in other reviews, the decor is a bit dated and the furniture a bit worn but our suite was very clean and huge, larger than most two bedroom apartments on Manhattan. The upholstered furniture was in good shape. It was great to have a kitchen with a refrigerator for our milk and juice, a coffeemaker, microwave and a toaster. We did not use the oven or stove. We really like the Murray Hill neighborhood as it is quiet and has a residential feel. We were literally all over Manhattan and even in Brooklyn and used buses on Second, Third and 42nd (M104 and M42) as well as the subway in and out of Grand Central. (Get the unlimited rides MetroCard and learn to use both bus and subway and you will save your feet and legs.) Nearby Frontier Diner and Daniel's Bagels provided basic meal support when we were in the neighborhood. We had a little interaction with the staff. Some seemed more friendly and helpful than others. The hotel charges for internet use.	
Jun 25 2009 	Don't stay here - dirty room unhelpful/unpleasant staff	Don't do it!We were staying here to welcome some family for a celebration so checked in before they arrived. As per other reviews and photos, we expected the hotel to be outdated in terms of decor but this was fine, though the Hotel's website photos weren't what we were given.We stayed in a Junior Suite and the good aspect is that the size of the room is very big for just the two of us which was nice as I know other hotel rooms can be quite small. What wasn't fine was the uncleanliness. The carpet needed a good vacuuming, it was full of dust everywhere, walls unfinished around aircon unit and worst still....... HAIRS in the bathroom and on the shower wall that DID NOT BELONG TO US!!We quickly asked at reception to change rooms and were told there was nothing else available so could not move us, and they didn't even offer to re-clean the room. Their attitude was of complete disinterest.Some of our family stayed in a 1 bedroom suite which was a little cleaner than ours but the sofa bed which they needed to use was very torn and filthy. They asked for it to be changed, were told it couldn't be, so we suggested they swapped it with ours as we didn't need to use ours, and the staff member didn't even offer to swap these for us so we had to bring down ours in the lift from another floor then take theirs back to our room!! Not very helpful/attentive.Also, on arrival we were told that their restaurant was closed so had to take any meals we required in our room.We cancelled our booking with the hotel on the same day and transferred to a different location the following day.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great room. Great service. Great location. Great trip!	I read reviews before booking and was still a bit apprehensive. I had no need to be. My stay was great. The room was gigantic (relative to other NYC hotel rooms for the same price). It was like our little apartment in the city. The room was clean, comfortable and spacious. We felt like we got quite the deal for what we paid. The hotel is close to bus and subway stops, but it's also within walking distance of the theater distract and 5th Avenue. We felt safe any time of day that we were coming or going.There wasn't much need for us to interact with the staff, just general checking in and out, but when I did have questions, they were all helpful and kind. Plus, they let us store our bags there after check-out since our flight didn't leave until late, and we had more sight-seeing we wanted to do.So great. I had a great experience and would recommend this hotel to anyone going to the city for a first-time or return trip.	
Jun 15 2009 	too good to be true and it was	what a revelation. I do not think you could find such fantastic accomodation in New york for the price. it had everything you needed and even staff who wanted to help. ideal for visting the sights.for breakfast try Scottys only a block away.	
Jun 12 2009 	Simply Awesome	After reviewing a lot of hotels in New York, we came across this one. It didn't seem correct, the rates we got in the location, and we heard from everyone that New York is expensive with small rooms. NOT the case here.We were pleasantly surprised to find that our room was nice and large, with kitchenette and fridge, stove, everything you need if you want to stay in. It was great. Also had king size bed and tv. The shower was good, and bathroom clean. It is nice and quiet, situated very close to a grocery store and a short walk to Grand Central. We actually walked to Times Square as well, which is only about 15 minutes away by foot.It is a great base to tour Manhattan, and we were incredibly happy that this hotel met more than our expectations, and thanks to everyone who had posted reviews and swayed us to book this hotel, it was well worth it.	
Jun 6 2009 	Excellent value especially good for family with young children	Excellent location for our short trip, especially with a 12 and 10 year old who don't like walking! close too small convenience stores and cafe/restaurants. Using subway was easy as it is not too far away from Grand Central station thus making it easy to get to tourist attractions. Staff were helpful especially the irish doorman (apologies if this is wrong title). Good facillities within room especially easy for catering for breakfast. Would stay again, hopefully for a longer vacation.	
Jun 3 2009 	Outstanding family stay	We were after an appartment rather a Hotel room as we were travelling with three young children (4,3 and 1). After some searcing we found this place at some VERY good rates, even the staff were surprised. The rooms were spacious, (stayed in the Junior Suite) even with a crib. All facilities were clean and kitchenete was excellent. Plenty of Dining options for families close by, MacDonalds, Pizza Shop and Convienence store all within 200yds. Hotel resturant was closed due to being refurbished but didn't posse a problem. As per above plenty of other options close by. Pharmacy within 300yds.	
Jun 1 2009 	one word: Amazing	I read the reviews and thought to myself, &quot;it better be as good as these people say.&quot; Well guess what - it was. Big rooms, working A/C unit, secure, quiet, great staff. I am so happy with my choice. Great location, great rate... what else can i say? Eastgate I highly, highly recommend.	
May 24 2009 	Convenient for those on a budget lovely staff	Stayed for 5 nights recently in a large room. It's great to have own cooking facilities, fridge, microwave, gas hob; with pots, crockery and cutlery provided. The decor is not the most up-to-date, and some of the cupboards could do with a spring clean, but overall this is a great hotel for those who want to explore Manhattan. Grand Central is very close by so it's easy to hop on a train elsewhere too. For people who don't want to eat out morning noon and night, this hotel is great. My mother - on her first trip to the US - was impressed with the staff; they offered to post her letters, held our luggage for a couple of hours at no extra charge before we left for the airport, and generally were genuinely friendly.	
May 21 2009 	Ticks All The Boxes	Have stayed in hotels in New York which are notoriously small so was intrigued when this option came up. We were upgraded to a King size suite on 20th floor - room was huge!!! Bed really comfy and very clean. Furnishings were a bit tired but fine, kitchen area was impressive with coffee maker (supplies always replenished), toaster, microwave and full cooker. Fridge freezer which was brilliant for keeping our beers and water nicely chilled!!! Also has iron and ironing board and more than ample storage space.Bathroom was bright and good shower with plentiful hot water.Pleasant staff, great location with diners, restaurants and deli's in abundance close by. Good selection of bars close by, and a short walk to Grand Central for subway.Two of our party were moved to the 25th floor on the last night due to a leak in their bathroom on 5th floor .................. Huge 2 bedroomed 2 bathroom apartment!!! One bedroom has 2 queens and the other has one king, also has large dining area, living area and larger ktichen. I would definitely give this a try next time - it really was huge	
May 21 2009 	Good accomodation in a nice location.	Ironically the first thing I have to say is that there is fantastic food available from the Frontier diner, just 50 or so meters on East 39th street, out the door to the left. So breakfast was good but always out, this was because once again the hotel restaurant was under refurbishment. Why the hotels don't mention this before we book always annoys me.My second observation was that the staff are poorly informed when it comes to local advice. We received a lot of incorrect information and there was plenty of contradictions from various members of staff on reception, watch out for this. The location is very central and good, about 20 mins walk to the Empire State Building.Bathroom was nice and clean, it was small but quite functional.Room was okay, nice and quiet. The bed was very comfortable or maybe I was just so tired from the pace of New York! Cleaners were spot on, towels done etc. The internet was very expensive here.Shuttle bus runs from airport or a taxi is $50 flat rate.Did the bus vip tour 48 hour pass. Found it poor and very tying (afterall you had paid for it) actually, would say it was of limited use if exploring NY as I could have travelled around far better on my own with public transport.	
May 18 2009 	It couldn’t have been a nicer and warmer ‘welcome’.	After the Shelburne Murray Hill Hotel turned us away, when we arrived after 12 hours of travelling and they realized only then, that I had asked for a smoking room, but told me ‘there are no smoking rooms in this hotel’ (see separate review for this hotel), they called The Eastgate and asked, if they could accommodate us.Donna, the manager in charge, could not have been more understanding and helpful.She did not even bother with all of the paperwork, just made sure that we got up to our room as quickly as possible and even called, when we had settled in to ask if everything was ok, or if we needed anything.The smoking rooms are on the 3rd floor, no view, but the room was large,clean and nicely furnished, with a separate sitting area and a desk. There are 3 built-in closets, enough room for two people.The bathroom was small, but of sufficient size and very clean.We had fresh bed linens every other day and the room was sparkling clean. The bed was very comfortable.The room had a little kitchen and there are good supermarkets right around the corner.The non-smoking rooms are just great - some with separate living rooms and when you're on a high floor, there is even a view.When you get there, don’t let the lobby fool you, it is small (but who needs a large lobby).It is a very affordable place in a convenient location and is quiet, even when you’re facing the front with 39th Street right outside your window.The subway is on 42nd street and that is an acceptable walk. Hertz Rental car is on the next block.I am a frequent traveller and service is very important to me. People like Donna make you feel right at home ! Thanks again and I will be back !!	
May 16 2009 	Great place to stay in NYC	If you read all the reviews they all say the same thing, great location &amp; dated decor and they are right, but what a gem. My family with friend ( 3 adults and 2 young children) stayed @ the Eastgate Apartments in June 08 and all we really wanted was a good location , close to public transport and attractions at an affordable price. We booked a 2 bedroom apartment and I must say it huge, as it was originally and residential block . Every box was ticked for what we were looking for in NYC. Decor is dated , lifts are slow but staff are fantastic and location is probably best value on Manhattan for tourists. We are planning a trip back to NYC in the next 12 months and will booking EGT again.	
May 12 2009 	Towering over them all	My review ratings aren't high, but that's a relative thing. We stayed two nights in the Eastgate Towers with 2 teenaged daughters. Two find a suite hotel at these prices in NYC is astounding, but to find one that is completely comfortable, relatively close to major area and fairly accessible to the subway is rare. It's fully functional, but completely devoid of atmosphere and style. The rooms are if anything, overly spacious given their Spartan furnishings. Walking into my one bedroom suite, I thought somebody might have removed furniture it was so empty. Everything looks a touch worn, but not dirty. The full kitchen was roomy, though could use lots of work. The wireless broadband was good, but at $13.95 a day, I felt a bit gouged. The fitness room was claustrophobic, but like the room, fully functional with 4 different cardio machines, dumbbells, and a Universal style workout station. Staff was accomodating, the cleaning staff did a good job. There's parking immediately adjacent to the building but you'll save money going two doors down to the Icon garage. It's about 4 blocks from the 42nd St/Grand Central subway stop. Lots of restaurants in the neigborhood. Overall, a fantastic value. Just don't think you're getting the Grand Hyatt, or even the Residence Inn.	
May 11 2009 	Good value in a good location	Hotels are expensive in New York so a hotel like this in a good location, with a mini-kitchen so you can make your own meals is a real find. The room was massive, the bed was massive and OK the decor isn't going to win any awards but who cares the room was clean.The kitchen saved us the cost of breakfast every day and delicious Wolfgang Puck coffee was supplied and replenishedIt is in a midtown location abut 10 minutes slow walk from the subway (either 33rd or 42nd Grand Central stations).The staff were helpful, the room was always kept clean for us and for the money I am well impressed.Great place for people who are in New York to see New York not spend loads of money on a fancy boutique hotel.	
Apr 27 2009 	Excellent Value Hotel	Just back from NY - stayed 5 nights in Eastgate. We booked 2 rooms and have no complaints at all. I would certainly recommend it.We paid €1,200 total for both rooms for 5 nights. Don't think you could get better value. Rooms were huge and kept very clean. Maid around every day.Location is v. good also. Plenty of bars and restaurants around. One thing I would say about the area is that restaurants seem to finish taking in people after 10:00pm. We were hoping for a quiet night around the hotel on Friday but could not get into a restaurant at 10:15pm. Had to go further into midtown to get one.Other than that you should have a very pleasant stay in the Eastgate.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Hotel for Families in Manhattan	Stayed for 9 nights over easter with family - 2 adults, 2 children (7 &amp; 4). Pluses: Great location , 10 minute walk to Grand Central. Had 1 bedroom apartment - 2 queen size beds in bedroom, galley kitchen with basic utensils (only used to prepare breakfast and keep beer cold), good sized living area. Front desk very helpful, had no toaster and lacking a towlel - called reception and itms delivered in 10 minutes. Doorman very helpful in getting taxis, helping with luggage, Minuses: Furniture/decor a bit dated but price for Manhattan and the space means who cares. Some areas needed a bit of closer cleaning attention (pots &amp; pans, blinds, bathroom window) but if you are not a neat freak this will not concern you. No room service/restaurants, but plenty of options nearby.	
Apr 20 2009 	Awesome value Excellent service Great price!	We were totally pleased with the service and quality of staff. Every one of them went out of their way to be helpful and friendly.Location was awesome, a short walk to TimeSquare.We stayed in a studio suite, galley kitchenette, small but sufficient. Great way to save on breakfast costs!Always had hot water, suite was clean, though a bit dated in style and furnishings.TOTALLY recommend the Eastgate!	
Apr 15 2009 	Great Value Great Service Great Location	Eastgate Hotel came as a very pleasant surprise. We chose budget and were thrilled with what we discovered. We were in a very large 1 bedroom apartment with 1 and half bathrooms and a kitchenette on the 22nd floor. The decor was a fraction tired but that paled into insignificance with the myriad of other benefits. The apartment was spotlessly clean and wonderfully comfortable. Excellent heating, very good shower and bathroom and daily room service. The Manager is a total professional and it followed down the ranks to his staff who were great. Nothing was ever a problem with any requests being dealt with swiftly and competently. We loved the location - 1 min to 3rd Ave and a bus up to Bloomies, 3 - 5 mins from Grand Central Staion and buses and subway in all directions. We frequently walked up to Park Ave and caught a bus up to the Met or the Gugenheim or Lincoln Center. Loved this accommodation and would stay again.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great Stay	Having booked the eastgate on price alone I looked at the reviews on here and found the reviews to pretty spot on when describing the hotel, The decor is pretty drab but the rooms are very big and really clean,ours was cleaned everyday, and the staff really helpful and polite, there is still no restaurant in the eastgate, but turn left out the hotel and there is a nice little deli on the corner of third ave for breakfasts, and then alot more eating places within walking distance. The empire state and grand central station and the chrysler are about 5 mins walk aswell. This is the ideal hotel for tourists as its a nice hotel and cheap enough for what you pay for (as you are out of the hotel for the majority of the time you are in NYC anyway) also there are safe deposit boxes free of charge and there is a hsbc bank across the way from the eastgate with plenty of cash machines.	
Mar 7 2009 	Perfectly located for tourists	As the other reviews have said, don't expect the finest luxury from the Eastgate Tower. Instead, expect a simple, functional hotel with polite staff, very large rooms, and clean facilities. We found the location to be excellent: just a few easy minutes walk to Grand Central terminal, and well in touch with all of the major tourist attractions. Inside the room, there was a large bed, two sofas, a small kitchen and bathroom, and plenty of wardrobe space. It is very much like moving in to an apartment in New York for a few days. For sure, it lacks the fancy reception and other facilities of more expensive hotels, but the size of your room and convenient location will be the envy of others.	
Mar 4 2009 	fantastic space	Ww stayed at the eastgate last july for a week ,my 2 children ,myself and my husband.Our 2 bed suite was ideal,sure the furniture is a little worn,the lobby is tiny ,no eat in facilities,however the value and space and comfort is amazing.Great location,you are in a real residential area of manhatten with a dagastinos shop around the corner its an upmarket grocery store,plus delis,drugstore,mcdonalds,newsagents ,drycleanes all within a minutes walk,try the chinese drycleaners i never knew clothes could be folded so neatly and so reasonably priced,there is also a nice pedicure/manicure /massage facial salon beside hotel-v reasonable....excellent value all round .	
Mar 2 2009 	Great price good location -- BUT OH MY ACHING BACK!!!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel around Christmas and thoroughly enjoyed the visit: good location, clean, spacious rooms, parking garage next door, friendly staff.However, our visit this past weekend (Feb 27-March 1, 2009) was different: our first room smelled strongly of smoke (no-smoking floor!) and the second one they offered us was slightly better, but as a nonsmoker, I could definitely tell there had been smoking in this room. The room seemed to have gone downhill since our last visit: comfy armchair had been removed, no wastebaskets except in kitchen and bathroom, liquid dish soap left in some of the dishes (which I found out when I took a swig of milk from a glass!). These issues were somewhat minor and could probably have been overlooked, especially as the price was so reasonable. However, the real dealbreaker? The mattress was extremely hard, which we discovered when we went to bed late Friday night. I don't mean uncomfortable: I mean HARD AS A ROCK! -- kind of like sleeping on a park bench, or the floor. In restrospect, we should have asked for a new room (again!) but it was late, we were unpacked and so just stayed. But when we left on Sunday, we both were in pain from that mattress.I don't know if the hotel is under new management, but it definitely seems shabbier than it did at Christmas. I don't think I could recommend the hotel to anyone now, although I certainly sang its praises when we returned from our Christmas trip.Too bad, I thought we had found a favorite and affordable hotel for our frequent visit to NYC.As an aside: we love Ethos restaurant on Third Ave. and Sarge's Deli, also on Third -- only a few minutes walking distance from the hotel.	
Feb 28 2009	Best Bargain in Manhattan!	The Hotel Stimulus Package Location! We love NYC and enjoy visiting our NYU student whenever we can, but the sagging economic environment combined with the incredibly high cost of college has kept our visits to this wonderful city at a minimum. I am very pleased to have discovered the perfect place to stay when visiting our daughter: the Eastgate Towers hotel. Our recent stay at the Eastgate was wonderful. Despite the busy weekend (President's Day/Valentine's Day) the hotel staff was attentive and friendly. Our 2BR unit was immaculate and quiet. And the location was perfect. But the best part about the Eastgate is the price. We paid about $140 for this gem! Since our daughter enrolled at NYU, we have stayed all over Manhattan and occasionally in New Jersey. The Eastgate is without a doubt the best hotel bargain in the area.	
Feb 28 2009 	HUGE rooms amazing location very comfortable. Will definitely be back AGAIN.	I stayed at the Eastgate Tower Hotel with three other members of my family in 2006. It was the 1 bedroom suite. We liked it so much that for our trip in 2009 with my cousins (we were six people in total), we decided to book it again! This time the 2-bedroom suite, which is just like having your own little apartment in Manhattan. One bedroom had two queen beds, the other one had two twin beds. Each one had its own TV, apart from the TV in the living room, where there was a couch that turned into a huge sofa bed.We stayed in the 22nd floor after requesting a high floor (and the staff there is just amazing and polite). The elevators are not FAST, but they're definitely not slow. The kitchen was a huge help for breakfasts and a few dinners, instead of going out to eat. The suite also had two bathrooms, which was a big advantage having six people in the same room.The hotel is close to Grand Central, and there's diners and restaurants everywhere. We had breakfast the first day at the Frontier diner on 39th and 3rd. There's also a D'agostinos between 38th and 39th where we bought stuff to cook at the suite.Overall it was a very pleasant experience, and we'll definitely try to stay here next time if prices aren't too high. At first they WERE a bit high, so we booked another hotel. But just out of curiosity I checked a few weeks after, and we got a $195/night rate through hotels.com that's amazing for the date and type of room we got.	
Feb 19 2009 	Eastgate Tower never disappoints	My second stay here. Phoned ahead and booked and got a generous discount because I was returning (never hurts to ask). On arrival we found that at no extra cost we'd been upgraded to the top (25th floor), and we were given a room which was like an apartment, I suspect this building used to be an apartment block, in that it was very large. It was warm, spacious, well serviced and the westward looking windows had spectacular views. It would appear from reviews of other hotels that slow lifts are a problem, the lifts here are speedy if you need to know. Coffee machine worked, so excellent American coffee every morning. Breakfast can be obtained from the welcoming Scotty's diner on Lexington Avenue and E39th, just 2 blocks away. Be aware, this hotel has no breakfast or meal facilities, but you do get the whole of New York to choose from. Times Square is a 15 minute walk away, and we walked to Madison Square Garden (to see the Knicks) on 7th Avenue and 34th Street in 20 minutes. I feel safer walking around Manhattan than I do Cardiff or Swansea and definitely London, but it's still a very big city so keep your wits about you. A small negative would be that's its just a little out of the way, but not too bad, we did find a pizza place open at 1.30am around the block on 2nd Avenue, and lots of &quot;local bars&quot; like the FDNY bar on second or the black sheep on 3rd, and even the brilliant chill lounge on lexington.	
Feb 17 2009 	Good location clean hotel friendly staff not bad at all.	I booked this hotel on Priceline for $81 + tax. I was a bit concerned when the hotel came up as being categorized as a 2.5 star by Priceline standards. Most of the reviews on Tripadvisor, however, were very positive so I decided not to panic until I saw the place for myself. Firstly, the hotel itself is literally two blocks from the Westin W Tuscany on the east side of Manhattan. The neighbourhood is a safe and clean part of the city. The hotel isn't that close to the subway but in Manhattan &quot;close&quot; is a relatively thing because you can be at the subway in about 10 minutes. The hotel is a converted apartment building so each room has a kitchen and livingroom area. My suite had a king sized bed and was basically a bachelor apartment. The furniture (as most noted) is old and could be replaced. The room and hotel have everything you'd find at a regular hotel. There are plenty of towels, toilettries, pay per view movies, individually controlled heat/ac, etc. The bathroom was old but clean and well stocked. I snuck a peak at the fitness centre on the second floor and it had a universal weight machine and some cardio. Not bad. The checkin staff were REALLY friendly. They told me all about the hotel and local restaurants as part of their greeting. I will say, for Manhattan these rooms would be considered HUGE! Most hotels give you a cubby hole and call it a room. Since this place was an apt, you'll be much happier with the size, especially if you're travelling with a family/children. Having a kitchen is a definite plus if you're going to be in the city for a long period of time.I am rating this a 4 because it really was a great price for the City. However, as hotel standards go, this is probably a 2.5 or 3 star property since it really needs some updating. Definitely would not hesitate to recommend this place to anyone looking to stay in Manhattan.	
Feb 16 2009	Great for what it is	Just to be clear: this isn't a high-end hotel (ala Hilton, Westin, Hyatt) nor is it a chic boutique hotel. This was once an apartment building, which means that your room will be much bigger than the hotels here, and will include a small kitchen. However, you won't have some of the amenities from the hotels (turn-down, room service, overall fit and finish) but for a good place to stay in a great location, this can't be beat. Staff was very nice and helpful, and Grand Central is 4 blocks away. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because it could use a little updating in the interior. I probably wouldn't stay here for business, but for a personal trip, it was just great.	
Jan 31 2009 	Fantastic Budget Hotel	At $112 a night for a one-bedroom suite, this has got to be one of the best deals in town; and its still a good deal anywhere below $200./night. The hotel used to be an apartment building, so each room has a full kitchen. The &quot;suites&quot; are quite large, although the furniture is dated, the wall art was tacky 25 years ago when it was first purchased, and the bathrooms really should be updated...but its relatively clean and comfortable for the price. There's no restaurant in the hotel any longer, but lots of good delivery (don't try Frontier Restaurant). There are many parking garages in the neighborhood, although the garage used by the valet doesn't accept SUVs, so I had to park myself and carry my bags around the block after the doorman/bellman pretended to be too busy and ignored me at the front entrance...there's one doorman who really doesn't do his job...sitting around most of the day gabbing with the front desk staff, but the other doormen are fine...even opened the door for me a few times.	
Jan 22 2009 	Would stay here again!!	My partner and I stayed at the Eastgate Tower in June 2008 for 3 nights. This hotel is clean, the staff are very friendly and best of all it is located right in Mid-Town. We walked everywhere! Shopping, restaurants, supermarkets, Times Square and the Empire State Building are all within short walking distance. Rooms are roomy - surprising as most New York Hotel rooms are notoriously small. The kitchen is a great convenience, with a full sized fridge and stove. Great for having a quick breakfast before heading out for a fun-filled day in New York. Beds are comfortable - which is great after a long day and all you want is to put your feet up. Would definitely stay here again if we had the chance.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great Find!	We really liked this hotel. The location was superb and service very welcoming. We found room's facilities to be quite old, especially mirrors, but spacious, clean, good looking and with a great view. We've been in NYC during coldest period ever, but in Tower's room we always felt cosy and warm. Overall great price to value ratio!	
Jan 22 2009 	Really happy with The Eastgate Tower	We are a family of 4 including 1 teenager, and 1 pre-teen, and we stayed in The Eastagte Tower for 7 nights in January of 2009.Our room was exactly as represented, a clean junior suite with lots of space, including a full kitchen.The hotel location is superb, 20 min walk to Times Sqare, 10 min to Grand Central Station for train or subway, 5 min to the East River at the United Nations. The hotel bar and restaurant were closed for rennovations, but there were listings in the room of local deli's and restaurants that delivered in.There is a 24 hr market and drugstore on the corner of the block, and Dunkin Donuts, McDonalds, Abitino's Pizza and the friendly and cheap Frontier Diner are 5 min away.In addition the hotel staff were very helpfull with suggestions for other restaurants and travel tips.Upon checkout our bill was exactly as agreed with no surprises.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great Deal	We got a great time andeal at the Eastgate tower. It has a great location and such a good service. The room is very clean and well organized, really big for NYC. We have 2 kids and they really enjoy time at the hotel. My only concern is not having restaurant at hotel but you have multiple choies at the area.	
Jan 19 2009 	Another great stay at the Eastgate Tower	We stayed at the Eastgate Tower hotel for the second time in January 2009. I had previously stayed in a one bedroom suite with some girlfriends in November 2006.This time, it was my honeymoon and we stayed in a studio suite. The only gripe I have is that I requested a king size bed and we were only given a double. We had the flu when we arrived which is why I didn't have the energy to take it up with anyone. Hmmnnnnn........I wonder would they have moved us if I had mentioned it.....too late to find out now!Saying that, there is nothing else bad to say about this hotel. Yes it is not the most modern decor-wise but I actually don't see this as a problem. It is clean and warm and the staff are friendly.Keep an eye on travelzoo for promotions. I got a great prepay rate for $106 per night after having initally booked via affinia.com at a higher rate so I switched, obviously. lol.The hotel is very central to everything, being on 39th street. We got a cab to the river cafe in brooklyn and it was only $15. Lots of lovely restaurants close-by on 3rd Avenue.I will definitely stay in the Eastgate Tower for my next trip to NYC and I would not hesitate to recommend it to friends and family.	
Jan 7 2009 	What a great find!	Myself and partner stayed at the Eastgate Towers in Dec 08. Booked at 1 bed suite with Expedia, the cost was less than a small hotel room! The suite was on the 15th floor and had everything (and more) we could have needed. Lovely comfortable massive bed, TV in the lounge and bedroom, full en-suite bathroom and a seperate toilet, full kitchen - although we only used the fridge and dishwasher! The suite was always cleaned, the furniture whilst dated was functional and clean. The service was great one evening requested further pillows these were delievered to suite within 10 minutes, the reception arrange transfers for us back to the airport! There is no restuarant on site but there are so many places to get food this is no problem. We had no problems with the location walked to Grand Central Station in 5/10 mins, Empire State Building was 15 min walk. At the end of a busy day it was nice to get away from the noise and relax in space before going out for the night. Can not wait to go back - loved New York and loved the Eastgate Tower.	
Jan 6 2009 	A so so stay at the East Gate	I have stayed in the Eastgate Tower on a number of ocassions. This trip was for a family holiday. The hotel is in a great location and is wlaking distnace of a lot of attractions. I have to agree with one of the previous reviewrs and say that while the hotel is clean it felt a little grubby and is in need of a major refurb in terms of the decor. We stayed for 10 nights and the while the towels were changed daily the sheets weren't changed at all during our stay. On the first night the sofa bed in one of the rooms we had booked was full of crumbs and had no covers on it. We contacted the housekeeping staff and had to wait four hours for the bed to be made and cleaned so that someone could sleep in it. The noise from the corridor also made it hard to sleep at times. We were located in a room adjacent to what we think was a staff room and the door to this room was closed by a bang throughout the day and night which was quite irritating. The lifts were also slow and hard to get into at peak times.We found the front desk staff to be quite unhelpful. They gave us wrong advise on a number of ocassions. This was in relation to a range of things, for example on new years day they told us all of the major department stores were closed, which was in fact incorrect and theytwere all open. They gave wrong directions and seemed to try to push bus tours and booking these type of things through the front desk. This happened throughout our stay, we were careful to double check any information they gave us.When it came to checking out we found that the service of the front desk staff really failed. It took over an hour and a quarter to check out. One of the rooms was over charged, another was chraged out without telling the person having been told at check in that the credit card was a security thing only and that no chrages would be made until check out and the third rooms money was miss counted by the member of staff who found that they had made a mistake after very reluctantly agreeing to do a recount. The staff member at this point was quite difficult to deal with. It was a very bad way to finish off the stay.Overall I was very disappointed with my stay at the Eastgate. I am a frequent visitor to New York and don't intend to return to the East Gate,. I would also be very reluctant to reccomend it to a friend as we had so many problems. I had organised the stay in this hotel for a large group of family members and was very disappointed with the overall level of service we received.	
Jan 6 2009 	Very very very central	We arrived at the hotel after being ripped off by a 'taxi driver' that charged us $95 dollars to get to the hotel. our fault.. we were warned !! We were pleasantly surprised at the hotel as there had been mixed reviews. It is a bit dated but that was the only thing that was a negative !! It is very clean, large rooms with kitchenette. staff are helpful and friendly and when we had a minor problem it was resolved within minutes. the bellhop, patrick, in particular was excellent. the hotel is central and everywhere is within walking distance, underground or taxi. i would say if you are travelling at peak holiday time like we wer, be prepared to queue (get in line) tip... pay the extra to be 'fast tracked' up the empire state building unless you dont mind waiting for two hours. all in all we had a good stay and would definitely use the hotel if we were to go back.	
Jan 4 2009 	Brilliant place	This place is really brilliant. Its got a good location between 2nd and 3rd avenue so about a 20-30 min stroll to times square and 10 mins from 6th avenue shops. We had a 1 bedroom suite on the 10th floor. It was spotless and warm and the sheets were changed every day along with fresh coffee. There's a small kitchen but it has a cooker fridge and microwave and a large lounge and 2 big ( and comfy) double beds in the bedroom.it also had 2 bathrooms and 2 TVs which with 2 kids was very handy and a convertible bed settee which wasn't too uncomfortable either.And the downside...I cant think of any!! There is a nice gym so take your trainersAll in all highly recommended. Id definitely stay there again.	
Dec 27 2008 	Warm welcome at Eastgate	We have stayed in many places around the world, but without doubt, the Eastgate offered the warmest greeting ever, despite sub zero termperatures outside. Entrance to the Hotel is via a very small lobby and onwards to the accommodation via 2 smallish lifts. We had a double room which is large by New York standards. The furniture is quite old, although it serves its purpose. There is everything in the kitchen you could want if you wish to make a cup of tea or indeed something more substantial. The kitchen was clean although not pristine and it was the cutlery drawer which I felt needed to be cleaned out. The refuse bins were all emptied on a daily basis. The bathroom/WC was very clean and shower gel, shampoo, conditioner and moisturiser were all provided along with an excellent supply of towels/flannels. I would have no qualms at all in reccommending this hotel but it is ready for some sort of re-furbishment/decoration. The net curtains were really dirty, but as the warm air radiator is directly below the window, this is obviously why the curtains are so dirty. Nevertheless, it is a problem which could so easily be rectified and would make the room much more presentable. The things I have pointed out above in no way detract from the hotel. It would overall, just be so much more appealing. I would stay there again when hopefully some decoration will have taken place and the restaurant which is out of action right now, may well be up and running and should make a big difference to the hotel especially if the prices were competative. Having said that, there is a substantial amount of eateries close by.	
Dec 19 2008 	What a great hotel	what a great friendly hotel!Carole was the most welcoming of the staff however all were friendly. The hotel room was clean tidy, Very spacious and bathroom was good size.the hotel is in a good location and walking distances of all attractions if you don't mind a 20-30 min walk.good eating places too. try the black sheep for snack and the frontier for breakfast.the resturant was closed but definately going under refurb as i found out by pressing the wrong button in the lift and ending up in the basement.the staff were vey helpful and luggage can be stored. safe deposit boxes are giving free of charge. I felt totally safe walking around anytime.tip : take the shuttle bus from 42nd street to airport $15 bargin	
Dec 18 2008 	Good value in an expensive city	It is hard to find acceptable accommodations in New York for less than $300 per night. $200 is a steal. So when we secured a junior suite at the Eastgate for less than $150, it was too good an opportunity to pass up.Yes, the decor needs a bit of freshening. I was told that starting in January, the place would be undergoing renovations. Meanwhile, the furniture is serviceable and the space is very generous. All is clean and the beds are triple-sheeted so you won't see the blanket at all. There was a full kitchen and a comfortable seating area with sofa, chair and excellent lighting. We only had a view of another building but that meant there was minimal street noise. Bathroom was small but clean.The location is very convenient for most things. We had to take a train leaving from Grand Central Station which is just a short walk away. There are plenty of restaurants and shopping nearby.Our one peeve was that we could not turn off the heat. Thankfully, the window opened so the &quot;fresh&quot; air coming in cooled things off to a comfortable temperature.There is virtually no lobby. All the workers we encountered were friendly and helpful. We even parked in the garage in the building. This cost us $34 per 24 hours including all taxes. Not bad for this expensive city.We'll be interested to see how the renovations affect the pricing. Meanwhile, like other Affinia properties that we've tried, this is a well-run establishment.	
Dec 16 2008 	Wonderful!! Will definitely stay here again.	Quite simply a wonderful stay at the Eastgate. There was 5 of us, my husband and I and our 3 small children.We had a 2 bdrm suite with massive lounge, dining table, kitchen, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms. All clean and spacious. Others have complained about the decor, but I'm not in NYC to critique hotel furnishings. Everything was functional and clean, which is all I wanted. It must surely be the BEST VALUE in NYC.The location was great, neighbourhood has lots of good restaurants (Patsy's Pizzeria on 3rd Avenue is great).I have no complaints at all about this hotel. Will definitely stay here again.	
Dec 9 2008 	It was OK	Just returned from a 4 nights stay at the Eastgate. Overall it was &quot;OK&quot;, as in a five and a half out of ten sort of way.Good points? 1. Location, and close proximity to eating and drinking establishments and the sights. 2. Warm spacious rooms with comfortable (though small) beds. 3. VFM (allegedly) - even at a discounted £200 a night.Not-so-good points? 1. The staff (with the exception of Carole on the front desk) are a bit &quot;precious&quot; and not naturally receptive.2. The constant &quot;whirring&quot; of the elevator through the night is a pain in the butt.3. The bedrooms, bathrooms and kitchen haven't been decorated for about 15 years.4. The reception area is the size of a broom cupboard.5. The restaurant on the ground floor - seemingly undergoing a refurb. since June ! - has actually gone bust. Just tell the truth about this.Overall: 5.5/10 = A promising attempt in some areas, though undoubted room for improvement (and attitudes).	
Dec 2 2008 	Great hotel for the price	Booked a junior one-bedroom suite for myself and two friends. It was comfortable and clean, with a nice pull-out sofa bed. We didn't use the kitchen, but it would be great if you were traveling with children. The location of the hotel is good, too. Within walking distance to Penn Station, Empire State building. etc. Neighborhood felt safe.	
Dec 1 2008 	Fabulous Place - will stay again!	It was my first time to NYC for shopping, and I booked the Eastgate Towers a week before I flew out due to a mix up with a previous booking. I was a bit shocked to find that the price was almost half of what I had booked in another hotel only 2 Avenue's down and EastGate Towers was amazing for the price. For the week in NYC I paid only 672 Euros!!! I had an upgrade to a junior suite upon arrival at no extra cost, and the Staff at the front desk were so so very helpful - Morgan did my upgrade. Staff are polite and very helpful - and always able to deliver prompt service when I needed it. I'm a bit of a clean freak when it comes to accom overseas, but I had nothing to complain about during my stay. Some of the floors however are smoking floors so you can smell a bit of it from the stair wells ... but then you're not spending more than a minute in the hallways waiting for the lift so it's no biggie.Around the corner from the hotel is a load of places to eat and drink and Frontiers cafe is serving up the best pancakes I've had in years ... two mornings I had to go back just for the coffee and pancakes ... Dunkin Donuts is a bit further down the street, as is a whole range of other places to grab a bite to eat. There's a NYC Steakhouse about 10 minutes walk from the front door, and also a ton of cocktail bars along the way into Times Sqaure.I've already had a look at my next dates in NYC and the rooms available in May. I'll will certainly be booking another stay there. The rooms are huge, the fridge is massive, the bathrooms are clean.	
Nov 30 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	I was a little fearful of what to expect, this hotel was FAR cheaper than 2.5 star hotels we looked at. I looked at other traveler reviews and concur with what most say. These are very roomy rooms, we stayed in the Junior queen suite, which had a queen bed and a sofa bed. The decor is not great but not bad, I think the room looks better in real life than in the travelers' photos. Our room was comfortable and clean.There is tons of closet space and room to spread out. Our room had one large closet and two smaller closets, one dresser and two nightstands. There was a small kitchen with sink, stove, microwave, toaster, coffee maker and dishes, glassware, silverware and cookware and a table with two chairs. The elevators were reasonably quick for an older building and we had no problems at check-in/check-out.This hotel also had larger suites that could accommodate slightly larger groups of friends. I only had two fairly minor complaints, the location, though not bad, was not really near anything of interest, we were a 15 minute walk to most things, not bad. The other issue is even though the heater said cool and off, it was spewing out hot air and we had not control of this. We had to crack the windows (which is all they would do for safety reasons) and cover the vents with pillows to keep the room at a comfortable level. For the price paid, the space and quality, I would definitely stay here and recommend to others.	
Nov 29 2008 	Relaxing break	This was a good hotel. Initial impressions were of a very average NY hotel with not much atmosphere, dated decor etc. We stayed 6 nights and it soon became home, warm and welcoming, plenty of space in our room (14th floor) facilities and friendly staff.It is located within easy reach of the centre and Gr Central for subway. We had a few meals in Frontiers on the corner and had no complaints (hotel restaurant is closed). We would use this hotel again as it wasn't bad value, particularly given proximity to city centre.	
Nov 21 2008 	Good location basic hotel	Hotel location is great eay walking distance from everything. Hotel itself was not like the photos, the rooms were out of date and needed modernising, and there was a lingering smell everywhere. The room size is really good, but the decor dated. Only 2 lifts as well, so sometimes a bit of a wait. i would not stay here again.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great Location	I stayed in a two bed apartment and there were five adults sharing. The apartment was spacious the kitchen facilities good, two clean bathrooms with lots of storage very handy and it was serviced daily by very lovely ladies Elizebeth mainly looked after our apartment she was lovely.I was worried about the 5th person sleeping on the sofa bed and they were very comfortable we left the sofa made up as a bed as we were not in much and the aprtment so so large. There was lots of wardrobe space everywhere so room for everyone.The location was excellent for site seeing, grand Central was only a short walk for subway. Nice bars and restaurants all in walking distance. The staff at Eastgate Tower were very attentive and informative, they arranged our airport transfer in their own SUv since there were five of us so saving us several tops with the airport shuttle service. The beds were also very comfortable.	
Nov 4 2008 	loved the eastgate tower	first time visitors to new york. just returned from 10 nights at eastgate tower. hotel really great.pleasant speedy check in, great sized room (junior suite) with adequate kitchen. House keeping was good and everybody very friendly. Location just perfect, fairly quiet but close to grand central station for every where that you want to go.Some great eating houses/bars within 100 yds.an earlier review mentioned that there was no safe in the room.on enquiring at reception they gave us a safe of our own in a room behind the front desk. (no charge at all, unless you lost the key)overall i would stay there again as we were very comfortable.ps. great irish bar just around corner for good food and drinks.(out of hotel, turn left to top of street, turn left again and it is just down there on your left)also great chinese restuarant - out of hotel, take road opposite,at end of road turn right and it is just down there on your right.	
Nov 3 2008 	Good if you need a kitchen	I recently visited NYU to give an invited lecture, and my hosts booked me at the Eastgate, which is a convenient place to stay if visiting the NYU medical center, just a few blocks away. The hotel has an odd layout. It is 25 floors tall, but each floor has only 7 rooms, all located within a few feet of the elevators. My room itself was spacious, and had a full kitchen complete with 4-burner stove and oven, pots &amp; pans, microwave, and under the counter refrigerator. There was also plenty of closet and dresser space for the 'extended stay' traveler. But the bathroom was so tiny it was a trick to close the door while in it, and the overall decor was pretty tired. Bed was fine; ancient heating system had two temperatures: Arctic or Amazon Rain Forest. But the noisy fan tended to block out street noise, which was a plus. No food available at the hotel. Overall, I'd pick this for an extended stay, but for a normal business trip it was nothing special.	
Oct 30 2008 	Great hotel	Just home after 7 nights at the Eastgate tower it was great . The staff were very helpful , after booking a room with two beds when we got to our room it had only one bed it took staff only 30 minutes to sort it and move us to new room . the room was big with kitchen and it was very clean . The hotel is very quite at night.  All in all our holiday was made all the better by staying at the eastgate.	
Oct 28 2008	Definite recommendation	We thought this hotel was great. It was quiet (which is quite something in New York!) with a big room, clean and tidy. The kitchen we had with our suite was perfect for our needs (breakfast each day before setting out to explore the town). The staff were pleasant and helpful. The area round the hotel was safe and non-threatening, and local shops and restaurants were useful as well. And not far to walk to Grand Central, Empire State, Broadway, 5th Avenue, etc.All in all an excellent choice, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to friends looking to stay in New York.	
Oct 14 2008 	tired hotel	We stayed 5 nights, this hotel is tired, shabby, dark and noise, we stayed at 8th floor a joiner suite. Ok the room is a good size but very dark, dirty wall tired carpet, rust in the bathroom cupboard, and the room has a strange smell, the noise is every 30 second or so from the underground trains, the area is good, this is our third visit to New York the previous two times we stayed at the Affinia Dumont at 34th street we loved there. but this time no room was available. I did tell the reception about my concerns but she said all the rooms are the same in this hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	it was okay	So i stayed here for 5 nights with my partner, we paid about £850.upon arrival, the check in seemed rushed, and so we got our room on the 10th Floor. It was a non smoking room, and we have booked a smoking room. So had to go downstairs to check in again, and we got a room on the 12th floor. The room was okay, average. The lobby is more fancier than the rooms. Housekeeping was good too. The only negative thing i have to say is that there is not a proper lock, and even though we had the sign to say do not disturb they tried to come in. And there is no safe in the room. Also, the restaurant is getting refurbished and we were told that we could order in food from nearby restaurants. However, upon check out, we were charged with the telephone calls (local calls) which seems a bit unfair. We also asked to check out later at 3pm rather than noon and Donna was very accomodating, they would have ususally charged but it was waived. We were also able to use the computer in the lobby where you can check in and print your boarding passes for free. We also wanted a cab to get us to the Newark airport from the hotel, but the concierge recommended private hire, it was 68 dollars in total plus toll which was really good.Location wise, i would say its a 20 minute walk from times square and empire state building (not 10mins!) It was in a quiet area, theres a 24 hour pharmacy across the road, and a mcdonalds and other shops. Overall it was okay, but I probably wouldn't stay there again. The	
Oct 3 2008 	All good!	The Eastgate Tower Suites is a winner - a great location in Murray Hill close to the Chrysler and Grand Central and an easy walk to midtown, Fifth Ave etc and Central Park!Staff were welcoming and rooms very generous! Great view from the 19th floor too. Clean and comfortable, just what you need, a great base to explore the city from.We booked through Expedia and this hotel looked by far the best we could get for our budget and we were not disappointed. A good value hotel that is pleasant and welcoming - with huge rooms!	
Sep 16 2008 	What a great hotel!	We stayed at Eastgate Tower hotel for 6 days and thought it was a great experience. We arrived to the hotel early in the morning and they were kind enough to check us in straight away.There were 3 of us and we were provided with a junior suite which was huge and cheap (thanks to Expedia) so we were very impressed. The room had a lounge, a kitchen and a great sized bathroom.In terms of position, it was perfect. The hotel was close enough to everything. We stayed at another hotel for the second week of our stay which was closer to Times Square and it was too noisy. The area Eastgate is in is quiet, close to Central Station and great shops while being within walking distance to Times Square. There were great little terrace homes typical to the nice areas of New York surrounding the hotel too.We loved our stay at Eastgate and will return next time we are in New York.	
Sep 5 2008 	Enjoyed the Eastgate a great deal!!	We arrived at the Eastgate after landing at Midday at JFK and arrived before check in time. I had called prior to arriving as I realised that we would probably arrive before official check in and I wanted to ensure that we could check in early if needed. The answer was yes and when we got there true to their word they were ready for us to check in.We are a family of four, two children a girl of nine and boy of thirteen. We checked into our 2 bedroom, 2 bath suite on the 9th floor and were surprised at how large the suite was, absolutely amazing!! Each bedroom had it's own TV, it was clean and obviously very well kept and.On arrival we put our bags down and hit the streets almost immediately, stopping at the front desk to ask about places that we wanted to visit. Jenifer directed us to this fantastic camera shop (B&amp;H) so off we went, great tip.The staff were friendly and we stopped daily to ask for guides on how to get to different places and even got tips on where to eat, fantastic deli called Sarges on 3rd Avenue, great deli ‘ The Frontier’ on the corner of 3rd for breakfast and great Sushi on 2nd Avenue. The location of the hotel is great, the UN is just a few blocks away and conveniently this is where you pick up tour buses.It is clean and has a very cosy feel. It is not lavish, but is well kept and the space in the rooms is fantastic. The lobby is small but pleasant and the staff are very amicable. Special thank you to Donna who checked us in and out. If you want a hotel that is very ornate and in the middle of Time Square you will have to pay a great deal more. The Easgate is great value for money and is still within good distance of most things in the city. I have attached some pictures to help you with your decision, hope they help. We all enjoyed it immensely…highly recommended!!	
Sep 1 2008 	We Loved Eastgate Tower Suite	Arrived home from a weeks stay about an hour ago and felt compelled to write and sing this Hotel's praises.Had never been to NYC before and neither had my daughters 13 and 17.Spent a good deal of time locating a hotel on the internet and have to say that Tripadvisor swung it for me.Located other seemingly more swanky hotels but this one (I couldnt afford Trump Towers etc.) ticked the boxes and had much better reviews than other more expensive places.We were not disappointed.We had a junior suite which comprises a huge L shaped room with a huge bed my daughters shared and a very comfortable sofa bed that Dad occupied,a dining /writing postcards/quiet area, bathroom with exy shower and kitchenette (we didnt eat in cus eating out is so cheap - we ate out for as little as $50 for 3 at the nearby Frontier Diner(better than Euro Diner I see mentioned in another review,and a minute away) tho also spent as much as over $300 at Keens Steakhouse which was excellent too...got to push the boat out sometimes.Anyway room was brill and big and ideally suits a family.I see the Hotel has 2 bed Suites which I didnt know.They must be brill.Moving on from accommodation.Price.We paid something slightly over £1200 for 7 nights.Think you will find that is value for a very central location and for 3.As someone else said,only 10 min walk from Grand Central for the subway and altho I wouldnt recommend it with young children or 'whatever' teenagers and in Summer it can be hot,one can walk to alot of places.On my last day I walked from the Hotel to the Guggenheim museum (about 89th Street from memory) and which is further up Central Park than the Met Museum,and back.Staff were lovely. I read a review indicating that they were unhelpful.Nothing could be further from the truth.They are extremely friendly and helpful.Just ask whatever at reception and you will find help willingly and expertly given.Want to go on a helicopter trip then reception will refer you to Carlos ,one of the lobby staff.Need a taxi,Patrick from Shannon,Ireland who has been in the USA for 25 years will sort it efficiently and talk to you about football - which he loves (Celtic).(Black Lincoln booked to pick you up at the Hotel at your stated time for JFK is $50 plus $5 toll and whatever tip($10) .So location,accommodation,price and staff covered,hopefully you get the picture.Okay if money is no object you may well do better but for a mid priced hotel,Id be surprised you could do better on all counts elsewhere.Oh and what really did it for me was the adjacent terrace/plaza.The highlight of each day was sat there on my own (daughters watching american telly) take away coffee in hand ....smoking.Pure pleasure!Best takeaway coffee one block up on other side of road.	
Aug 30 2008	Good Central Location	We stayed for 3 nights and found the rooms basic but clean. The location was central and was a good base for sightseeing. 15 mins walk from Times Square. Rooms had kitchenette which was useful for food from nearby deli. Found a really good deli on Lexington and 41 st. - great breakfast rolls and bagels. Staff in hotel were in the main helpful but some seemed a bit put out. We found other USA guests were more forthcoming with guidance than hotel staff.The reception had a free safety deposit service which was a bit of a palaver and would have preferred something in the room. The bar/restaurant next to the hotel was under refurbishment so can't comment on this. The area seemed safe but some nearby restaurants closed early.	
Aug 15 2008 	Check your bill when you leave!	The hotel is generally OK but getting shabby - good for an extended stay as there is a kitchenette, basic but functional and clean. Some of the staff are a bit surly (as in &quot;customers are a nuisance&quot;). The hotel book in the room said that calls to 1-800 and 1-888 numbers are free for the first 20 minutes. On checking out I saw that every call I made was billed at $ 2.66 (even for two minutes) - when I queried it they showed me a bit of paper that said $ 1.50 for the first twenty minutes which did not match the charges built into their computer system. (By the way WiFi is charged at $10 per day while many other hotels provide it free - in any case the signal was not strong enough in the higher floors).Because of the discrepancies the reception called the duty manager who did not explain or apologize and in the end after making me wait re funded me the calls. I reported this to the HQ of Affinia who did not bother to acknowledge or reply. Suggest you check your bill for unexpected charges before you leave.	
Aug 5 2008 	Very Impressed	We stayed 5 nights at this wonderful hotel. Perferctly located within walking distance of so many things.We arrived and were greeted by very helpful and courteous staff.We were quickly checked in and went to our room. They were completely full and unable to accommodate our request for two beds, however they told us to come down the next morning and they would take care of us. The rooms were nice, nothing special but had everything you need.The next morning we went down and they told us we could move to a new room later that morning. We told them we were leaving and would be back for quite a while and the reply was &quot;no worries, we will move your items for you&quot;. When we returned late that evening, I was surprised to see they hadn't missed one thing, even the items in the fridge.Everyone was very nice and informative. We asked for different suggestions, directions and other thing. We always received great information.I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 4 2008 	Great Hotel - Great Staff	I read a lot of hotel reviews before selecting Eastgate Tower Hotel for our 8 day stay in NYC. This was our first time traveling to NYC and I read a lot of bad reviews on various hotels throughout the websites. So of course, this made me nervous in booking a discount hotel. Our entire stay at Eastgate Tower was wonderful. We had NO complaints. The room was large and clean. There was no problems with the AC, elevator, staff, etc. Our room was cleaned daily with plenty of fresh towels put out each day. We never heard noises out in the halls or through the walls. I can't say enough about the staff. We stopped at the front desk every day, sometimes twice a day to ask questions, directions, recommendations, etc. They never failed us. The employees went out of their way to help us with our questions, look up information on our their computer and recommend great restaurants to eat at. On my next trip to NYC, I plan on staying at the Eastgate Hotel. I have already recommended the hotel to friends. Our first trip to NYC was wonderful. We loved your city!!	
Aug 3 2008 	Disappointed	I read all the reviews on Tripadvisor before deciding on Eastgate.so i think i was surprised when we saw our room. I knew the furniture and decor would be &quot;basic&quot; but i guess i thought it would be clean and functional.I thoroughly agree with the assessments about the staff being friendly, but honestly i felt the reason that is so noticeable is because of the shortcomings.As an example, the 2 Bedroom supposedly had a full kitchen with all the necessities. Well, there were only 2 plates and 4 glasses, no pots and pans etc. So, i had to call to get it.After a while, i got tired of calling. There weren't enough sheets, pillows towels, you name it.the furniture was old and dirty as was the carpet.Here is my conclusion.... It appears those that got a real deal loved the place. But I paid almost 2 thousand dollars for 5 days... I know it was a holiday weekend, so expected to pay more. but I would never stay there again.Worse yet, they keep sending me emails with weekend specials... Geez!!	
Aug 2 2008 	Dirty room - 30 years worth of dirt	My husband booked here because it is near his NY office and the hotel he usually uses is no longer giving him a frequent-user discount. I came several days after him and found the room to be pretty gross. It is in severe need of renovation - the shabby industrial carpeting had a trimming of decades worth of dirt and dust at the floorboards, the furniture is cheap and shabby, and there was mold growing on the ceiling above the shower. I would not walk barefoot on the carpet. We got booked into the W Tuscany hotel the next day - more expensive, but 10 times the quality for the extra money. No, I did not tell the staff the reason for our sudden departure - the place needs a complete overhaul and that can't happen in one day.	
Jul 23 2008 	Impressed!	Wow! From the moment my wife and I stepped in, to the moment we checked out, the service was top notch and our room very clean. We stayed 4 nights here and the location is quiet, safe and within walking distance of anything you need to enjoy in the Big Apple. The king size bed was very comfortable, the bathroom spotless, and had a kitchenette complete with cutlery and dishes. We received a call the evening we arrived from the front desk asking if there was anything they could do for us to make us more comfortable, and if so to please let them know. We also received a call the day before we left confirming our check-out time and also asking if there was anything we needed. Certainly one of the best hotels I've had the pleasure to stay in. We would recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 22 2008 	Great Location!!!	We travelled to NYC for a short 2 night girls weekend away. We arrived at the Eastgate Tower Suites and were amazed at how cute this hotel was. The lobby was decorated beautifully and the staff were very friendly. To our surprise they upgraded us the a bigger room. The room was clean and HUGE! It had a full Kitchen, dining room area, bedroom with 2 beds and pull out couch. There were 6 ladies all together and this room gave us plenty of room to get ready and sleep. The location was great. It is a short cab ride to Time Square, 5th Avenue, and all the shopping areas. We walked there as well and the walk was not too bad at all. It was also in a great location for all the hot Manhattan Night Clubs. Next time I visit NYC I will definitley be staying here again.	
Jul 21 2008	hidden gem for downtown nyc	If i were to travel for any reason to NYC, this would be my first choice for accomodation. Its only 2 and half stars but thats only a number! The rooms are huge, the kitchenette basic but has fridge, sink, microwave, plates cups, microwave, coffee maker etc. The hotel is not shiney-new and there was no breakfast room but its on a par with hotels costing double in the area. The hotel clean, functional, big for NYC and v central. A couple of blocks from Chrysler and across the road from Hertz rental station, whihc can be hand for leaving the city.The staff were v friendly and discreet...dare I say even hands-off.	
Jul 19 2008 	Wow big room	We stayed just one night with our two teens in a Jr Suite on the second floor. I was amazed at the space. We ordered a roll away bed so our teens would not have to share the sofa bed and we still had plenty of space to move around. There was a toaster, fridge, coffee pot. Also NO street noise even on the second floor. There is no ice machine, kinda weird and also no hangers in the closet, so bring your own. Most other reviews are accurate on the distances to times square and the location in a quite neighborhood, and also on the somewhat dated furniture, (and I can't wait for hotels in general to get the new tv's AND digital cable! ) but the place was clean and comfy enough, and the staff is friendly. AND the price was good at $300 for a Friday night.	
Jul 17 2008 	Perfect for a large group or family	We stayed at the Eastgate Tower at the end of June, and it was the perfect place for us. We booked two one bedroom suites for a total of 8 people and had more than enough room. We arrived on a red eye into JFK and showed up at the hotel at about 7 a.m. and they allowed us to get into one of the rooms (the other one wasn't ready yet), which allowed us to catch a couple hours of sleep before we headed out to explore the city. (We also had a late flight home and were more than happy to hold all our luggage until we left). We were pleasantly surprised that there was a full bath and a 1/2 bath (sink &amp; toilet) in each room. We went to Gristedes and bought some groceries (there's one a couple blocks away) and ate breakfast in the room every morning. The kitchen only has the essentials (including a toaster) but everything was clean and in working order. We ordered in pizza one night and had plenty of room for 8 to sit (4 chairs at the dining table plus a desk and chair, and a chair in the living room and the sofa which turns into a bed). Our rooms were also on the 18th and 23rd floors and had views of the city (although the Empire State building was blocked by another building). The hotel itself is located in a mostly residential area (Murray Hill) and there aren't any hotels immediately adjacent to it, so it is fairly quiet. However, the closest subway station is at Grand Central, about a 10 min. walk, which doesn't seem bad until you have to walk back to the hotel from there after already walking around all day! Of course you can always catch a cab to avoid walking, but we are cheap and walking affords you to see more of the city anyways!If you are traveling to the city with a large number of people or a family, I would highly recommend you check into the Eastgate Tower.	
Jul 17 2008 	Ouch!	Let me say the good things first: spacious room, attentive bellman, great valet parking, location close enough to Grand Central and subways.Okay now for the part I don't like to write about but this stay started off as a complete disaster. We arrived for the 3pm check-in time that the hotel stated. We were told it would be 20 minutes more as the room was not ready. The bellman took our luggage up to the room while we went and sat outside. We checked back 25 -30 minutes later and were told the room still wasn't ready. The front desk person asked housekeeping to call her when it was done. She explained that the previous party had stayed for a late checkout... not sure why we had to suffer though...We checked back bit after 4 pm after sitting outside on the table and chairs next to the abandoned restaurant that once occupied the hotel building. When we went in and asked, the front desk person still hadn't heard about the room. She called housekeeping and they said that they didn't know if it was done and that the front desk should send the bellman to check on it. The bellman was no where to be seen at this point so we had to wait until 4:30 when he went up and gave the okay. We received our key-cards and headed to the room.Arriving in the room we found it to be dated but fairly clean and very spacious with nice city views... room 17 G. However, even though we booked a &quot;two queen beds and another queen bed suite&quot;, we got a &quot;two queen bed with two twin bed suite.&quot; We even had Expedia call for us to verify that was what we would get but we didn't end up with it after all. The front desk explained that it can not guarantee a room type even though an Eastgate reservation person had guaranteed this to Expedia. We had to have a portable twin bed brought up so no one had to sleep in the living room.It was at this point we noted that the air conditioning in the twin bed room did not work, so we placed another call to the front desk and they said they would send up maintenance. They arrived within the half-hour and looked at the a/c unit. He determined it was a broken condenser and said the entire unit would be replaced but he had a new one. A short while later he returned with the massive unit and began to do the replacement. We were unable to unpack as this room was the scene of some major construction! About 30 minutes later he determined that the new unit was also bad and decided to try one more unit.The dinner hour was upon us and we were starving... but we had no idea if we would be keeping this room as it was partially un-airconditioned and it was 90 degrees outside. After waiting another 15 minutes or so, I went down to the front desk to discuss the general suckiness of our visit thus far and to speak with a manager. She arrived and her name I believe was Donna. She was very nice and helpful. She said she was willing to move us to another similar suite (2 queens, 2 twins) but it was on the 13th floor which was the smoking floor. We weren't too thrilled by that. She asked us to come see it and smell it with her as she felt most people don't smoke much anymore. We went her and it was nice and did not smell that much and had more up-to-date kitchen appliances.At that point, my cell phone rang... it was my wife and she informed me that the new a/c unit was in and working, so we went with Donna the manager to confirm. It worked great!Unfortunately it was now 7pm which was 4 hours from our scheduled check-in. After unpacking, we got to eat and proceeded on our late evening with the kids who were antsy and cranky now.Things seemed to be progressing... at least until I laid upon the most uncomfortable and squeaky twin bed I had laid upon since my childhood. Fortunately the days events had tired me and I slept well.The next morning, we all showered and tossed our towels on the floors in the bathrooms. We returned from a theatre matinee around 6 pm, ready to shower and go out to dinner at a nearby restaurant. Showers were put on hold because there was not one single towel in our room!So, of course, I called the front desk. They said they would tell housekeeping.30 minutes later, no towels, so I called again. Again they said they would be right up.Another 30 minutes passed as I was about to reach for the phone again, the towels arrived... but there were only 3 of them... for 6 people. I asked the house keeping person why and they told me that they had run out of towels.Weird. They have tons of extra a/c units but lack towels?Well, some of us skipped showers and I went to the front desk on the way to dinner. I told them about how silly the towel situation and they promised more towels.When we returned from dinner, there were stacks of towels in both bathrooms and an extra big stack in the living room. I guess they bought more???Anyway, After that our remaining three days were quiet and went smoothly. 2 of 4 nights/days were just fine.. is 50% okay for a visit that cost nearly $2k? I am not sure yet....	
Jul 12 2008 	BIg Room	Stayed here for 5 days and the whole stay was a pleasure. Staff were friendly and was allowed to book in early ( 11.30am). We had a 2 person studio on the 13th floor, the room was large and clean with a good a size bed ,small kitchen and a small but clean bathroom. Good base to see New York.  Don’t really have a bad word to say about this hotel but as the reviewer before me said, if you don’t have the money for a hotel in Time Square, this is a good alternative.	
Jul 10 2008 	Bit dissapointed!	We were on the top floor - 25E.It's a large &quot;suite&quot; - queen sized bed - in a large room with ensuite bath/shower &amp; toilet.There is a kitchenette off the main room, and a sofa bed which makes up into a quite comfortable double bed.The hotel is showing its age! Carpets and general decor are grubby. When we were there (4th.to 8th. July) the restaurant was closed for renovations. Not a big problem for us as we intended eating out anyway. Located on East 39th Street, the location is quite good. Maybe a 15 minute walk to Time Square.Accommodation in NY is ridiculously expensive - so we paid 4 star prices for this 2 star accommodation.	
Jul 4 2008 	Enjoyable Place to Stay	We stayed at the Eastgate tower for 7 nights and it was a very good expierance. Location: It is about 5 minutes walk from the UN Embassy, 10 minutes from Grand Central Station and about 20-25 minutes walk from Time Square. We found that most of the places we needed to go to started from Time Square so if you don't want to walk there each day you can take a taxi for around $8 (includes tip) or take one of the many buses that drive buy, which costs a $2 a ride. Room: The furnishings were basic but everything was clean and tidy. We didn't really use the kitchen to cook due to as the New Yorkers say &quot;Why cook when you have 36,000 restaurants&quot; also it worked out similar in price to eat in as it did to eat out. If you are a light sleeper like me then be warned that in the summer the air con is loud and even if it is switched off you can still hear everyone elses (pair of ear plugs sorted the problem for me).Staff: Really friendly and helpful.Overall I would say to anyone who has the money to get a hotel closer to Time Square, however if you cannot then this is a really good alternative.	
Jun 29 2008 	GREAT!	Just got back from a 3 night stay. I shopped around quite a while to find a hotel that was within our budget that appeared clean. This was the perfect place! Our room was spotless. Sure, the furniture was a little outdated, but who cares, it was clean! We traveled with our 13 year old son in a jr. suite and had more than enough room. The bellman brought our bags up and immediately asked if we needed to have the sofa bed made up for the evening. Within 5 minutes the doorbell rang (my son got the biggest kick out of the fact that our hotel had a doorbell) and housekeeping arrived with the bed linens. The entire staff, from the bellman to the front desk to the maids were all very friendly and helpful. They made us feel like we were staying in a 5 star hotel. Great little neighborhood that was close enough to walk to things, but yet just far enough away to be a little more quiet (if quiet is possible in NYC). We would definitely stay here again and would recommend it anyone.	
Jun 29 2008 	BRILLIANT CHOICE!	We stayed 3 nights at Eastgate Tower from 2nd June 08. We loved it. The best location, safe, even for walking out on an evening. Just around the corner from Grand Central Station! We stayed in a studio. Ok the funiture is a little dated but the room was spotless and clean towels, toiletries and coffee replaced as soon a we used them. Great to have little kitchen, table etc. Our only regret was not asking for a higher floor. We were on the 7th but better views from higher up. The reception staff were very helpful and welcoming. They gladly helped us with any information we required. Used internet in lobby. We would recommend it to anyone and would use it again next time.	
Jun 27 2008 	Spacious but worn	We stayed in a studio for 3 nights during the working days for about $300 a night. The location is in Midtown close to Grand Central Terminal, which is the closest subway station and about 6-9 minutes depending on the subway entrance. The UN is a few blocks away, and there are many restaruants and small markets nearby.Eastgate Tower is a 25 story tower with just 5 units on each floor. The lobby is cramped, but the staff is courteous, and we were able to get a nonsmoking room that we had previously requested. The elevators are small, but during our stay, waiting for elevators was not a serious problem.We stayed in a unit on the upper half of the tower in a unit with a view of the high rise next door that was about 20-25 feet away, so there was no view. The first thing you notice about the unit is that it is spacious but worn. Except for the bathroom and kitchen, it is a relatively large unit. However, the place seriously needs a new paint job inside, new carpeting, new vinyl in the kitchen, new tile in the bathroom and newer furnishings. Also the unit can use sound proofing from the 3 elevators in the center, and also use newer and quieter air conditioning units.Water pressure was good, the hot water was hot, the air conditioning and kitchen appliances worked. There were no bugs, but there was a strong pesticide odor in the kitchen cabinets. The rooms were cleaned everyday, but only as to what the eye could easily see. For example the inside of the refrigerator was relatively clean, but there was a thick layer of dust on top of the refrigerator. Same about the towel racks. The carpet was dark and likely hiding a lot of dirt, and we did not dare to look under the bed.Pros: Spacious, good water pressure, has kitchen appliances, and relatively safe neighborhood.Cons: Visibly worn interior, beds are sagging in the middle, noisy elevators and air conditioner.Was it worth the money? It depends on what you can get for $300 a night in midtown in June. It's likely a toss up.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great find would definately go back	This is a great hotel to stay in while in New York. The rooms are very spacious, which is unusual for one of the less expensive hotels in New York. The rooms are clean and have walk in closets!! The kitchen includes a fridge which is handy for hot NY weather, but we didn't use it to cook. The location is good, only 15 minutes walk from Times Square and 5 minutes from Grand Central subway station. The staff were friendly and helpful.	
Jun 23 2008 	Nice Hotel	Hotel is on really good location on East side of Manhattan.I rented smallest studio which is more than enough for 2 adults.Really great thing is the kitchen with microwave and huge refrigerator.For the price (considering Manhattan) I can recommend that hotel.It was only a little noisy (air condition and subway),because I stayed on third floor.My friend was on 20 and there was not so noisy.	
Jun 21 2008 	Old and Nasty	This review is for the hotel on 39th street. The staff was very nice and the service was great. The only thing I had a problem with was the rooms. The rooms were old and the furniture was from the 80's and the stove from the 60's...... seriously. There haven't been any renovations there since the 80's for sure. I would not recommend this hotel. The location isn't that great either. For the price, you're better off staying somewhere else!	
Jun 21 2008 	Loved Eastgate Tower	We stayed 4 nights. Took a $50 cab ride from JFK since it was night &amp; didn't know where we were going. As we requested, we got a room on an upper floor, in a quiet corner. So our windows faced the adjacent classy condo building. We didn't mind, it was quiet! We had a junior suite and it was huge! King bed, 3 closets, sofa, chairs, desk, bureau, full kitchen, full bath with tub. A cousin from Queens said, &quot;this is bigger than most Manhattan apartments&quot;. There were several local groceries within a few blocks to pick up supplies to have breakfast in our room. When we reported a burned out light bulb and a broken coffee maker, both were replaced by housekeeping immediately. The king sized bed was comfy and the entire unit was very clean. We were happy to find toiletries and hair dryer provided in the bath. The neighborhood felt friendly and calm, even at night, yet an easy 10 min walk to Grand Central terminal. The staff was friendly and helpful. It suited all our needs, we definitely recommend it.	
Jun 16 2008 	Excellent Location	The Eastgate Tower is not plush, but it is very effective. We had a double suite, had two queen beds in one room, and twin beds in second bedroom. Two bathrooms, which was a very nice surprise. There were six of us staying for a week and it was PERFECT for us. With all the running around, the family room was nice to unwind before jetting out to dinner. The kitchen is small, but so what? Tons of takeout places in the neighborhood which we did a couple of nights b/c we were just too exhausted after taking in all the sites. Very close to Grand Central Terminal and bus routes take you anywhere! I highly recommend this place.	
Jun 12 2008 	Excellent stay - peaceful yet central location	This is my fouth trip to New York and this is my favorite hotel by a long shot. I've stayed at more expensive places - but this place was just perfect. My studio was on the 21st floor with a fantastic view of the skyscrapers, and the coffee maker, coffee &amp; fridge really was a great perk. Nice to have a relaxing morning coffee in your room before hitting the town. It was clean and very quiet in a nice leafy nieghborhood with lots of restaurants nearby and Grand Central a quick stroll away. I will definately stay here again!	
Jun 3 2008 	Eastgate -- Perfect fit for Families!!	Having selected the Eastgate Tower as our &quot;home&quot; for 7 nights solely based on reviews from Tripadvisor.com, I was more than pleasantly suprised with our choice and say thanks for the previously posted thorough reviews which helped in our selection. It was our family's first visit to NYC. From the moment we stepped in the front door of the Eastgate Tower on May 24th until we departed on May 31st, we were honored guests. The hotel desk employees were friendly ,their first welcome to us brought a smile that continued throughout the week. The doormen (although I'd rather call them lobby information specialists) gave awesome suggestions from how to ride the subway to where to eat. The housekeeping staff was tremendous, our room was immaculately cleaned on a daily bais. We had pure white clean towels on a daily basis. Each day we were presented a fresh supply of shampoo, conditioner, mouthwash, and body wash. We received the weekly rate for our 1 bedroom apartment from www.affinia.com. I had checked approx 9 travel websites for pricing and since we were staying a complete 7 nights we received a nice weekly discount directly from the affinia website (www.affinia.com). The price will depend on what time of year you visit, and since we were there prior to June, our rate was awesome. Room details: we had room 22B (22nd floor, facing 3rd avenue). When you enter we had a large dining area with a large round eating table and 4 chairs, a living area with a couch (which opened to a queen bed) and 1 comfy chair, a large television with remote, a desk and chair, and a huge window with the best view! We had a complete kitchen with a dishwasher, full fridge, compete oven, microwave, toaster, and dishware. Plenty of cabinets too. We had a sizable bedroom with 2 queen beds with very soft pillows and comfy pillow top mattresses , a television and remote, floor lamps, an armoire with 3 drawers for storage. We also loved having 2 bathrooms, although only one had a bath/shower. We had more closet space than we knew what to do with! There was a closet with shelves for storage in the hallway and also one with shelving in the bathroom. There was also a closet in the kitchen with an ironing board and iron. Each bathroom had THREE medicine cabinets which opened for storage. Lots of storage, for sure! As far as a &quot;safe&quot; for valuables, you take your items to a safety deposit room where you sign in and receive a key for the week. You are the only one allowed in the room when you are loading items or removing items. Very secure operation. Is it &quot;fancy&quot; ... No. Is it comfy....YES! Was it clean...&quot;YES&quot;! Was it quiet...&quot;YES&quot;! We never heard other guests in the halls or through the walls. The only noise we heard was from the street, horn-honking and sirens. Sure, it's decorated in a simple manner which dates itself, but the space and comfortability it gave our family to stretch out and breathe, was immeasurable. Location: wonderful! Grand Central station is only a 10 minute walk to catch a subway anywhere. The neighborhood was quiet, safe, and a such a retreat away from the craziness of Times Square. We chose to walk most places as a family instead of taking the subway because we wanted to see New York above ground along the way. It took us 20 minutes to walk to Times Square, but we stopped for a cupcake along the way at a great place called &quot;Crumbs,&quot; across the street from Bryant Park on 42nd Street. A side note: The bathrooms at Bryant Park are incredible. Park bathrooms like you've never seen before! Cherry wood, fresh flowers, a cleaning attendant on duty, marble... The Eastgate Tower comes highly recommended from our family who travels with our 2 children approx. every six months and have stayed in hotels, cabins, apartments, relatives homes (yikes), motels, cottages, private rentals, and hotel suites. Be prepared for a practical, comfortable, convenient, and non extravagant hotel that will provide you with a lifetime of wonderful memories of the New York City!	
Jun 2 2008 	LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!!!!!!!	Just returned today from a four night stay. I would recommend this hotel in a heartbeat. The concierge and front desk staff were very accomodating and helpful. There were many restaurants (mcdonalds, dunkin donuts, pub style restaurants, to higher end restaurants) within a short walking distance. the studio included a small microwave, small fridge with freezer, coffee maker with coffee....and small stovetop. The room was a good size, with two double beds, loads of closet space, and a decent sized bathroom. The room was clean and well supplied with clean towels/shampoo etc. The location was excellent, in murray hill. I truly don't have a single complaint about this hotel!	
May 22 2008 	Awesome Location in Manhattan	Eastgate Tower is only a 10 minute walk to Grand Central which gets you everywhere in the city. The hotel is surrounded by all kinds of restaurants, delis, and convenience stores. For the $$$, you may not find a better deal in Manhattan.	
May 16 2008 	Nothing fancy but perfect to see the city	Took my wife to New York for a suprise birthday weekend in April. My only concern in getting a room in Manhattan at such a relatively great price is that it would not be clean, but I was way off and the place was spotless on the inside. Check in:The lobby was small but nicely decorated. We arrived at the hotel about 10 am and check in was not until 3. The front desk and bell staff was very helpful . They stored our bags while we hit the town and gave us some transportation tips to get around.We got back for check in at about 8 that night and once again, everyone was very friendly and efficient. The room:We booked a studio suite and it was exactly what we needed. It was larger than a normal hotel room anywhere else in the country and had a small kitchenette with table and four chairs. Once again, it was very clean. The furniture and the bathroom were a little outdated, but who cares. We were only in the room to sleep, shower, etc. . We were out spending the money that we saved by staying there. Noise was not a problem at all when the windows were closed.Getting around:We had a really easy time getting around. We did alot of walking but mostly by choice. Grand central station was only a 8-10 minute walk and there is, of course a bagel shop and starbucks on the way. We purchased a $7.50 one day fun pass for the subway and that was well worth it. To keep it simple, you can stay on the green line and be within reasonable walking distance to any major sites and shopping in manhattan.All in all, if you want a clean, convenient , and roomy place to stay but don't want to pay for the Hyatt, then this is a good place. We were very happy with our choice.	
May 7 2008 	Great Deal!	Booked two junior suites from Princeline. When we arrived at the hotel they did not have our reservation due to difficulties with their system and Princline's. Therefore, they upgraded us to an executive suite. It was HUGE. It had two bedrooms, each two beds, two baths, full living room, dining room and full kitchen. It had an incredible amount of closet space. The furnishing were rather dated, but the rooms were very clean. We would definitely stay there again. It is about 5 blocks from the subway (Grand Central Station) which can be a hike after a day of shopping and loaded with packages, but it was not bad. Also enjoyed the neighbor, safe and had good restaurants. All around good experience.	
May 5 2008 	Very happy with Eastgate	I stayed there on April 27 to 29, very happy with the choice i made. They upgraded us to two bedrooms suite, i am very surprised to the size of the room, i read the reviews from tripadvisor before i booked and had some kind of ideas, even that still surprised because of my experience with NYC hotels in the past. Two bedrooms suite became very useful for us because we have young kid and he wanted to run around especially the time we went there it was rainng all the time. You can walk to timesqures about 10 minutes (we wish that we could do some more walk but it was raining all the times.) Many restaurants nearby. I am very happy with the choice i made and will be back there if we return to NYC. Thanks for the upgrade.	
May 4 2008	depends on your point of view	I think this review could depend on your point of view. The price was reasonable.....for manhattan island, but for that price some could expect more.We stayed here as the last part of our honeymoon round the world trip and did so trying to get the best value for money for the remaining part of our budget.It was by far the most reasonably priced hotel in the district, the staff could not have been more helpful and the location was within easy walk of most that you would want to see or visit, and we did walk everywhere! (Although I would also recommend the city bus tour which enables you to cram all the necessary sightseeing in whenever time limits exist.On the minus side, the hotel room was very, very basic and very warm, what you would expect to find in a 2 star holiday in Crete for instance. There was no air conditionng and you couldn't open the window as the noise was 24hours a day. Would I go back...yes but I would still feel ripped off for the price.	
Apr 28 2008 	Great Value	I chose to stay at Eastgate towers because they were one of a few hotels I could get under $200 a night. How well my money was spent!We were luckily given an early check in after arriving from a red eye flight. Our room was clean, spacious and quiet.The hotel is situated in a quiet area, only 10 minute walk from Grand Central station. A good station to be near as it is easy to connect to most lines. There are plenty of restaurants nearby and also some supermarkets for self catering.As first time visitors to NY, we were out til late every night and felt totally safe walking back each night.Yes the room was a little outdated but as soon as they refurbish the price goes up and ultimately I care little about the colour of the walls when I'm asleep!Definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 25 2008 	We'll never stay anywhere else again!	My husband, my 4 yr old and I stayed at the Eastgate this past weekend, the hotel had been recommended by a friend. On our last trip to NYC we stayed at the Paramount, which was more expensive than Eastgate. Our room at the Paramount was so small that if one person had to move about the room, the others had to sit on the bed so there'd be a free path. We imagined they had to build the room around the bed, because there was no other way to get it i there.So imagine our delight to walk into our room at the Eastgate and find spaciousness, a kitchenette (including stove, oven, fridge, toaster, coffeemaker with coffee and tea, cupboards stocked with dishes, pans, etc, a normal sized bathroom, two huge closets, a huge comfy bed, table and chairs, TV, on and on. This is a place you could stay at for weeks if you needed to.The staff was very friendly and helpful. Location was good, in a quieter neighborhood. We certainly did not mind the extra five minute walk in exchange for such an excellent room at that price!We'll never stay anywhere else again.	
Apr 24 2008	Eastgate Tower Is A Gem	My husband and i spent a week in New York in April 2007.It was our first trip there. We had been told that New York rooms are very small, but this was not the case at EASTGATE TOWER. We had a hugesuite, with the biggest bed, a sofa, dining table, kitchenette, and a decent bathroom. And the prices were great too. The hotel is not new, but it is clean and everything was 100% for us. We want to go back again soon.The location was fantastic. It was a good easy walk to Time Square and lots of great shopping even closer, and restaurants and food shops very close by.The staff were very helpful, and friendly. I can not find any fault with the hotel at all.We have travelled extensively in many countries, including USA, Australia and Europe and we have learnt that opulence does not always guarantee a good stay at a hotel. I have had some really bad experiences at very high class, expensive hotels, but the Eastgate Tower was charming, no problems, comfortable clean accomodation. I was impressed	
Apr 22 2008 	Brilliant	This hotel was not our 1st choice, however I am SO glad that this is the one we went with. The location was ideal, slightly out but only a 15 min walk to Grand Central Station and beyond. This hotel was clean, had fridge, cooker, microwave etc and VERY SPACIOUS - something that you do not normally get with hotels in New York. The floors could do with re-deceration an some new doors fitted but apart from that it was brilliant. The people were really friendly, they couldn't do enough for us. The city is amazing and if you are not sure whether to go or not, DON'T HESITATE it will be one of the best holidays of your life, ok not relaxing but brilliant in many other ways. Make sure you go and see a show - we saw Hairspray and it was amazing. We felt safe at all times, even at 11pm at night.We will deffinatly be going back to New York and hopefully back to this hotel.	
Apr 8 2008 	Best kept secret on the east side!	I was a bit reluctant to stay on the east side of NYC but man did I become enlightened....I don't know that I will ever stay in Times Square again!The Eastgate Tower was originally built in the early 1970's as a high rise apartment building with partial hotel service. This explains the size of the rooms and kitchenettes. Our family (2 adults and 2 teens) had a 1 bedroom suite, equipped with a full kitchen (including a dishwasher) and one and half baths.. The neighborhood (Murray Hill) is safe and residential with several grocery stores in the vicinity. No, the suite isn't posh like you would find at the W Times Square but it is clean, homey, and best of all...away from the crowded insanity that is Times Square. Oh yeah...I almost forgot...all for about $200 and some change a night!There is easy access to the theater district (or anywhere else for that matter) via Grand Central Station, about a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Or you can simply walk (20 minutes to Time Square, 15 to Herald Square)We will absolutely stay there again...and again.	
Apr 3 2008 	Disappointed with Affinia-Eastgate Tower	The majority of the staff, especially the day shift was helpful and really tried to be professional and assist us. The only request we had when we made our reservation was that we wanted two beds in our room, and the rooms to be non-smoking rooms. Neither of these requests happened. When we inquired if we could have another room, they informed us that they were full. Even after calling the hotel before arrival, where they promised us that there would be no problem getting two beds, it did not happen. I than was told that I could have a roll-away cot. Since the mattress on the cot and the bed was horrible, we requested a mattress cover. After three attempts, the bed received a cover, but not the cot. I tried one more time, but was told all beds had the cover on. I could not seem to get them to understand that the cot did not receive the mattress cover. I gave up in frustration. I also had to call for a pillow and a blanket. That took two calls to receive.The front desk in the evening was very forgetful and did not seem to really care about us.I was sad to experience the overall indifference of the night staff, especially since I had stayed in other Affinia properties in Europe and was very happy with the level of service.I will never stay in an Affinia hotel again. It was apparant that this hotel staff did not care about their guests, and Affinia had slipped in quality.	
Apr 3 2008 	Very large room!!	Two friends and I stayed here for a few nights at the end of March 2008. As other reviews have noted, the room is quite large (see photos). We did not get the upgrade that many others mentioned but the one bedroom suite was sufficient for three girlfriends.The room and hotel showed some wear but were spotlessly cleaned. The staff was pleasant and helpful. As previously mentioned, the lobby is small but should not affect your enjoyment of the hotel. I noticed only one computer workstation in that same lobby which I believe required a fee. The hotel offers in room high speed internet access at $9.95 for 24 hours (which I declined to purchase). If you have wireless, there were several (very weak) unsecured connections in the area that I used for my daily internet fix. Be prepared for frequent dropped connections.I would stay here again and would definitely recommend this hotel to others.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Hotel on a budget	This is a great Budget Hotel, true, its not the grandest looking, but the rooms are clean, the staff are friendly, and its perfectly situated. You can walk to Times Square in 15 minutes, theres a subway stop just around the corner as well. NYC is an amazing city and this is a great place to stay, I was there with my girlfriend for 3 nights, and we were looked after very well. Definately recommended.	
Mar 30 2008	I highly recommend this place!	Five of us (two adults, two children and one toddler) stayed in a junior suite. There was one queen bed and a queen size sofa bed, and it was very comfortable The room was very clean and spacious. The front desk, bellboys, housekeeping - all the service was friendly and well-attended.We arrived just after 2pm but the front desk was very nice and she let us check-in the room right away. We got the room on 20th floor and the view was quite good. The hotel is located near Grand Central but it was very quiet at night due to its residential neighborhood. For grocery shopping, try D'acosta on 37th or 38th and 3rd. We went to Food Emporium on 32nd and 3rd, but D'acosta is much closer and looked as good as Food Emporium.I thought it was a bargain to stay at this hotel for $245 per night (through Travelocity) compared to other unreasonably expensive hotels I stayed in the past such as Paramount or Marriott by Courtyard. I highly recommend the Eastgate Tower for both short and long stay. It's priceless to have friendly staff during your stay in New York.	
Mar 28 2008 	A great place to stay!	We have just returned from a fantastic stay at this hotel. From start to finish we have no complaints about the hotel worth noting. Sure, it could do with a bit of a freshen-up and the lifts were a bit slow but the size of the suite far surpassed my expectations of New York's infamous tiny rooms. We had a magical view from our window in 22C of the Manhattan skyline including a bit of the Empire State Building. Staff and cleanliness faultless-the staff were so obliging loaning us an umbrella and a mobile phone charger (old style US plugs in our room).The location was perfect for us being so close to GCS and far enough away from the madness of Times Square. The locality is heaving with bars and small restaurants. For breakfast we recommend Sarge's and Frontier on 3rd and for dinner nearby Patsy's pizzeria also on 3rd. Tony's sushi just around the corner on 2nd was fab. Two notes of caution. Margarita Murphy's bar on 3rd very near hotel left such a bad taste in our mouths on St. Patrick's Day for overcharging and rudeness ( 15 bucks for 2 beers before a tip!!!) that we passed their door for the remaining 6 nights of our stay. Also the Italian restaurant Il Fagioli (I think)that the hotel recommend as their restaurant is closed wasn't great and rude staff too. The New York rudeness is a myth, it's a fast town and some people are rude everywhere. Last tip-Coney Island-do it! Half hour on subway with Metrocard it's a toal nostalgia trip and the rides are not for the faint-hearted. Even the Wonder Wheel has a kick.Can't wait for our next trip and we will be booking Eastgate again and recommending it to all our friends.	
Mar 19 2008 	basic NY hotel	Just got back from spending 4 nights at the Eastgate Towers. We had 2 double beds in our room which were very comfy. The room itself was quite large and had a basic kitchenette area with free coffee and tea provided for us every day. The cleaner even did our washing up for us which was a suprise; shame they didnt vacuum under the beds though. Although the room was cleaned every day it wasnt spotless as as you would expect it to be in suite hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful. We found the location to be excellent, Grand Central was about a 10 min walk. We barely spent any time in the room so it fulfilled our needs adequately.	
Mar 14 2008 	Spot on	Be prepared for a shock.This place used to be an apartment block so the size of the rooms reflects this, our room was the same size as the first flat I bought, more room than you'd ever need.The room itself had been a smokers room in the past and as a non smoker its a smell that never goes away, but after a quick spray of perfume the smell was forgotten.The reception area and staff were very helpful, theres a free safety deposit box available to all rooms and they'll cash travellers cheques($100 a day).Outside the hotel to the right theres a McD's and corner shop, to the left on the corner of 3rd you'll find the Frontier Diner, great for breakfast my little girl loved the pancakes with chocolate chips.Top places to visit, Top of the Rock, Times Square (Day and Night) and the downtown NYC Bus Tour.	
Mar 11 2008	ok but not great.	Eastgate Towers is in a good location, about 10-15 mins walk to Times Square, 5 mins to the Chrysler Building, 5 mins to Empire State etc. Seemed to be in a safe part of town. The room was huge (much bigger than necessary!) Smelled of cigarettes which wasn't great for 2 non-smokers, but it wasn't bad enough to complain. The room was clean enough although could do with redecorating and modernising. Was great to have a kitchen, and the basics were provided. We paid £364 (taxes inc) for 4 nights in early March. I guess for New York, this is as good a price as you can expect, so is worth the money in comparison to other places we looked at. i would recommend it for people on a budget, but just don't expect modern luxury!	
Mar 10 2008 	Eastgate - Thumbs Up!	My wife and I recently spent 5 nights at the Eastgate Tower Hotel (March 1-6) and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We booked a Junior Suite and it felt like we had our own 1-bedroom apartment (kitchenette, spacious sofa area and dining table) - and, above all, at an affordable rate. Important to add that the room was impeccably clean.We were checked in within minutes and given a key to a safety deposit box (upon request). Hotel staff was courteous and efficient.The walk to the the Times Square area is about 15 minutes. We liked being several blocks east of 5th ave. - a noticeable difference in the level of traffic noise at night.Upon our return, we received an e-mail from the hotel inquiring about our stay. A first class operation all the way for budget-minded travellers.	
Mar 8 2008 	Loved Eastgate Tower	Our family just returned from staying 4 nights at Eastgate Tower in Murray Hill and we had a fabulous time. LOCATION - Perfect - from dining on 39th at a place the hotel recommended called Euro Diner - outstanding food and reasonable. Also, great hot bagels at Daniels on 39th. To getting over to Grand Central - 10 minutes which takes you anywhere in Manhattan. To walking to Time Square which was an easy 20 minute walk. HOTEL - was very roomy and clean and we couldn't ask for more. It was also in a quiet area, we slept very sound. Even the views out of the windows were nice, have stayed at other high rise hotels where all you see is one other building This was the roomiest hotel I've ever stayed in and I was shocked that it was in NYC. Since this hotel has kitchens, I ordered some groceries on-line with Food Emporium, then checked with the hotel to see what a good delivery time would be and Donna said that I could have them dellivered a little before arriving, how amazing. I already knew I would love it there. Once we checked in and went upstairs we found out we were upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite and we already had food in the fridge, my six year old thought it was the greatest and still tells people how our room came with food. We enjoyed making breakfast and have some cold drinks when needed. With children, it is nice to have the flexibility of having the kitchen and more than one television was a definate plus.The time in NYC does go quickly, as there is a lot to see and even with the subways do plan on doing alot of walking, I regret we didn't do the double decker bus tour, we wanted to the last day of our trip but due to a heavy snowfall, they were not running. The Top of the Rock was amazing - we went right before sunset and we were able to get some great photos. I would definately stay at Eastgate Tower again!	
Feb 28 2008	Great place to stay	My wife and I have stayed here a couple of times and it is a favorite of ours. The &quot;small&quot; suites are really very roomy, and the larger ones are huge. We got one of the large ones, having booked a small one on this last trip - I guess it was just available and they gave it to us. The square footage for the price - even for the small suites - is outstanding for NYC. There is a decent fitness center, and an okay business center in the lobby. The rooms themselves are clean and comfortable. Staff is friendly and helpful. The location is excellent (close to Grand Central station). Dollar for dollar I don't know of a better hotel in the city, and I go there a lot since it's my home town (but I don't live there anymore).	
Feb 25 2008	eastgate	The eastgate tower hotel is in a great location. it is about 10 mins walk from grand central station. we stayed in a junior suite which was very spacious. the room itself was quite basic but it was well kept and cleaned daily. we got a great deal here so it is great if you are budgeting and want accomodation in manhattan. it is close to the UN building also, and i would recommend the tour of the UN building. Also, the buses that come and go to all three NY airports arrive at and leave east 41st street which is very close to this hotel. The buses cost around $15 one way and take roughly an hour.The hotel's restaurant was closed during our stay due to refurbishment but there are plenty of places to eat nearby.	
Feb 13 2008 	Super hotel brilliant location	We (3 guys) satyed in the Eastgate last weekend for 3 nights. We had booked a one bedroom suite and specified that we needed 3 beds. We were met at the Front desk by Donna (an Angel), who upgraded us to a two bedroom suite. She, like all the staff, was so friendly and helpful, it really made our stay so much more enjoyable. The room was huge. Two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a huge living room and fully equiped a kitchen (the whole thing was bigger than my apartment in dublin...embarrassingly enough). The location is so perfect. We flew Continental to Newark and the Newark airport bus leaves you 2 blocks away from the Eastgate. It's ideal for everything in Manhattan. I'm heading back to NYC in April and will definitely be back to the Eastgate.	
Feb 9 2008 	Great Value for Money + Hints 	Just returned from an 8 days stay in NY and I wish to share with other travellers my opinion for Eastgate Tower Suite Hotel and a few hints and tips for NY. The hotel rooms are spacious and clean. An important aspect for me (given that it was my first visit in NY) was that the neighborhood felt very safe and the location is good (10 mins from Grand Central station). Also the value offered for the rate paid at hotels.com (-20% sale) made it an excellent choice, despite the following minor negative points. Although I had requested a high-floor non-smoking room, we were intially provided a room at fifth floor. The receptionists were friendly but our request for transfer was forgotten twice. When we were finally offered a room in the 13th floor (not high but defenitely better than 5th) we accepted provided that it was non-smoking, only to find out the opposite. Fortunately, the room was not smelly as the stinky corridor leading to it. The air-conditioner is old-type window-mounted, is very noisy and difficult to regulate temperature. The furniture are worn-out, the duvet covers had holes but the linen were clean. Expensive Internet rate.Appart from that, the room was fully equipped with kitchenette, microwave, fridge, toaster, coffee maker, the closets are really big, the matress is comfortable and there is a full-size bathtub. In brief: I would stay there again because of the great value for money.A few hints and tips for hotel neighborhood and NY:- Frontier cafe is 2 blocks away for reasonably priced breakfast (... ask for a cashier machine calculated bill)- Bagels &amp; More in Lexington and 3rd, is also great for breakfast, bagels and rolls with bacon/omellete/cheese- Try Keens Stakehouse (72 W 36th St) for great Sirloin steak, even better than their &quot;legendary mutton chop&quot;. The environment is fantastic and the ceilings are unique, covered with hundreds churchwared pipes- Try &quot;La Bonne Soupe&quot; (48 W 55th St) a fantastic and inexpensive French Bistro- Do not miss Balthazar and Lompardis in Soho- MUST buy the 7days metroticket for all Buses and Metro in NY and the New York City Pass for 6 major attractions (Empire state, Museum of Natural History, Metropolitan Museum, Guggenheim, MOMA and Cruise to Statue of Liberty). Even if you don't visit all, you still save money AND Time from queing. Also enjoy discounts in stores and restaurants (e.g. Macy's cellar has great burgers - you get 15% extra discount in Bloomingdales). - Ask always for &quot;Visitor discount&quot; or get the coupons (-11%) at departments visitor centre. - For major brands in Clearence prices, take the bus for Woodbury's common.- Hop-on Hop-off buses offer the opportunity to visit areas that you may haven't initially planned (e.g. Bronx - Brooklyn etc).- Avoid the horse carriages in Central Park ($34 for 10 minutes short walk) unless you want to take some nice photos.Enjoy your stay, have a frantic time-out ... if you plan to spent much time in the hotel room, you miss the whole point of visiting NY.	
Feb 4 2008 	Cheap and cheerful	We have just returned from 4 night stay at this pleasant hotel.We found the receptionists to be friendly and helpful and were informed the dining area was closed during our stay due to refurbishments so did not get to sample there dining area.The rooms were very large and spacious and came with two large double beds.Although we were a bit surprised that the rooms were nothing like the inrternet photo shows but were clean and spacious.I travelled with my friend so the room was suitable for what we required although it was a shock to find that the electricity wasn't strong enough to power my GHD hair straighteners or our hairdryer,but one was supplied in the room.The hotel wasn't far from all the hustle and bustle 5 mins in a cab or 15 mins walking.I would recommend this hotel to anybody who just wants the basics from there hotel as we did and provide a clean and friendly service.We thouroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Feb 1 2008 	an ok stay in NYC	Our first room was a real disappointment. We were given a second room on day 2 and it was better but not as nice as what we expected from the photos online. The staff was great and overall our stay was pleasant.	
Jan 30 2008 	Good Value but a few warnings....	I stayed at the Eastgate Towers with my family during the chilly month of January. When we pulled up to the hotel, it did not look too good and I was worried,but once we checked in, we were pleasantly surprised. It was spacious and clean. I have a few complaints and warnings I wish to give other potential guests. The first is the parking. There is valet parking next to the hotel and it is very expensive at $35.00 per day! To be clear, that is $35.00 + taxes + tip for the valet. There are plenty of parking lots around the area, but because there are so many one-ways, it gets confusing and you may be tempted to just park beside the hotel. Thats what I did and the car came back three days later with a huge scratch on the side. Because it is winter and there is lots of salt everywhere, we did not notice the scratch until later. So beware of the parking beside the Eastgate Towers, it is a rip off and your car will probably come back with some sort of damage! (Note that the hotel offers no discount at all, which is surprising because La Quinta, which is only a few blocks away gives you 50% off your total parking just for staying at the hotel. )The second complaint deals with the reception of the hotel. There is one person at front desk and one or two &quot;attendants&quot; that stand around and open doors for people. If you have lots of luggage when coming in, the attendant will take your things and follow you up to your room. You will not be asked whether you actually want assistance, or desire to have a strange man follow you to your room, it will just happen. You will then be expected to provide a tip and the end of the encounter. This type of behaviour is quite strange for a budget hotel, so be prepared and have tip money handy. Lastly, regards the service. We went during restaurant week and we could not find one person at the front desk who could actually recommend a restaurant (and not simply read off the Zagat's survey). There is no concierge (i know it is a budget hotel), but a great alternative would have been to provide 5 or 10 minutes of free internet on the computer located in the entrance. Instead, they had some ludicrously expensive fees to surf the net even for a few minutes. So in conclusion, you will be comfortable inside your roomy hotel room at the Eastgate Towers, but do lots and lots of research before heading out, or else it will put a serious &quot;ding&quot; in your budget in more ways than one.	
Jan 28 2008 	Good Value Good Location	My partner and I stayed for two nights over the MLK weekend. The Junior suite was extremely well priced--I think we paid around 120/night. The lobby was quite tight and we waited for bellmen coming and going. The staff were very nice and accommodating. The room was spacious albeit definitely worn, however, for the price and the proximity to the 6 subway line, a good bet.	
Jan 26 2008 	Excellent value and location	Fantastic value hotel in good location. Booked through Opodo just 2 weeks in advance and travelled with Lastminute.com on Virgin from Heathrow 15 to 24 Jan 08. Virgin were good as usual. Hotel staff, Alex and Doris, very friendly and helpful. Booked 2 Junior Suites but was offered 2-bedroomed suite on arrival - we'd tried to book this in advance but wasn't available and when I contacted the hotel directly (always worth a try - have had some good deals this way) they wanted to charge us $200 extra per night on top of Opodo price, which we refused. So, very surprised to be offered this free of charge on checking in. Very spacious, clean and neat accomodation - completely the opposite to reviews we'd read! 2-bedroomed (plus lounge/sofabed) ideal for up to 6 or family, consisted of one room twin beds and the other a double so decided that as we were two couples this wasn't fair to one of us we reverted back to Junior Suites. They gave us two next door to each other - good value, clean and neat and very big with lounge area for entertaining and small kitchen with everything you'd need to cook a full meal! Only things missing from room were kettle and dressing gowns (but had coffee percolator, microwave, full cooker, fridge/freezer, toaster) - well equipped. Plenty of deli's/cafes for breakfast and bars. Best restaurant in area is Docks (good value), our favourite for many years. But plenty of others within very short walk (10 mins to around 30 restaurants). Lebanese nearby also good. Go to Central Cafe, E42nd opposite Grand Central for good breakfast. Try the 4 loops bus tour for $79 with Grayline or Citysights to use over 48 hours including Empire State or Top of Rock ticket and short Cruise - good value and good way to see NY for first of second visit. Try Gallaghers Steakhouse on W52nd for greats steaks and atmosphere (expensive), Mars 2112 on Broadway for fun lunch, Macy's Cellar Bar/Grill for burger lunch, Nuovo Latino at South Street Sea Port for Cuban style food at good price. Great shopping and bargains everywhere but do allow a full day for Macy's and Bloomingdales and get your 11% discount voucher from the visitor center. In smaller shops don't be afraid to ask for the best price they can do. Been 7 times in three years and looking forward to next visit already.....	
Jan 23 2008	Surpassed all my expectations a truly excellent hotel.	I've arrived back from New York this very day after staying at the Eastgate Tower for 4 nights. I've stayed in New york before and this is by far the best hotel i have found to date.The reason i'm writing this review so quickly is that i noticed the 2 star review below me and the fellow giving the hotel a hard time. After seeing the review's low rating i read it in full and was surprised by everything they were saying! The lobby is too small? What does that matter? Are you sleeping there??For the record their experience was totally different to the one i have just had and it seems that i must have been passing them in the corridor everyday! This is truly a hotel to recommend to friends.NY is notorious for packing in as many hotel rooms into a building as possible, meaning the customer often recieves a dinky room ... After experiencing this previously, one of my main criteria was to book a hotel whos rooms didn't look like a broom cupboard and the Eastgate certainly didn't let me down.The Studio room that we got was absolutely huge compared the other hotels i have stayed at in NY. It had a walk in closet, nice bathroom, a small sectioned kitchen (gas hob/oven, fridge, toaster, microwave, coffee maker) and a large main room and i only booked the basic Studio room (room 2E if anyone is interested).As some other reviewers have said, a agree that the decor was slightly dated although it was kept really clean and house keeping did an excellent job of tidying up every day.The location is between 2nd and 3rd on 39th street, meaning the area and roads are rather quiet. I heard the occasional siren and honk of a horn but nothing that could be considered a nuisance.As for attractions, the Eastgate is slightly further than most, although (unlike the reviewers below me) if you come to NY you expect to walk a distance everyday. Time Square and the Empire state are wel within walking distance taking around 15/20 minutes, although i would say if you come to NY to catch the buses everywhere then get something a little closer.There are loads of places to eat from a nice posh restaurant round the corner to a McDonalds on the corner of 2nd/39th. A 24hr pharmacy is on the otherside of 2nd Avn and a Supermarket is one block north to fill your fridge with cookies and Dr Pepper.The staff are brilliant, everyone i talked to, whether asking directions or getting recommendations for a place to eat, i found to be helpful and friendly ... definately top marks there.Myself and the lady have already said that the next time we come to New York we are staying at the Eastgate, it simply is an excellent hotel to stay at. I would recommend it to anyone who doesn't mind walking an extra 5 minutes to attractions, and if your willing to make the sacrifice you get an oversized room, excellent value for money and a hotel that i will be visiting everytime i return.I hope this review helps :)	
Jan 21 2008 	Extremely disappointed	Very disappointed with this hotel after reading glowing reviews on this site and having stayed before at Affinia's lovely Dumont. First impression at 11pm arrival was shock at the tiny, institutional looking lobby, and horror after transporting my own luggage upstairs (security guard/bellman had gone on break) at the depressing, shabby, filthy two double bed (despite request for one king) studio suite - located between the elevator, gym and compactor - that cost $400 for the first night. (Quikbook booking gave different rates for each night.) Was told there were no other rooms available until it was discovered that the door to this room did not lock. Was sent to another horrible studio for the night and the next morning given the choice to upgrade to a junior suite. Much larger, seemingly cleaner (NO ancient bedspreads but the floors were just as grimy.) New rate was slightly higher. I forgot to mention AAA membership at the time of the adjustment and was not allowed to apply it when I called Management the next day. I stayed at the hotel for 12 nights for about $4500. For the most part, staff were extremely polite and helpful. They assured me that renovations were &quot;going to start any time&quot; for as long as they'd been working there (20 years in once case). Door to the junior suite failed to lock half the time unless properly jiggled but it was still shocking to come home to a wide open door at 1 a.m. Beds hard as table tops but no bugs. Air conditioning effective. Laundry located in basement next to housekeeping. Many foreign guests seem to be a reflection of nearness to U.N., as are numbers of security personnel with big dogs. Nice scenic walk on First Avenue to UN and Tudor City. Express buses do not stop at 39th street. Don't know if I would stay here again. Would not recommend it to friends without many caveats.Sadly disappointing. Had high expectations which were not met. Probably families staying in larger suites have more modern accommodations. I did not see anything resembling the room pictured at the hotel's website.	
Jan 15 2008 	Christmas 2007	We booked the eastgate tower for 7 nights over christmas based on the reviews on tripadvisor.We decided to walk from Grand Central to the Hotel with 2 large suitcases and we were reasonably surprised that it only took us 5 minutes. The hotel is in a great location and is ideal for walking to many of the sights in the city shuch as Grand Central, Rockefeller Centre, Times Square, Empire State Building etc. We walked to all of these places from the hotel and they were all really nice walks. Ok so it's not in the heart of it all but that is nice as it's much quieter.The reception staff, maids and bell boys were all really welcoming and friendly. The hotel feels really secure and in a nice neighbourhood.The Rooms are massive. I was amazed one very early morning how long it took me to walk from the bed to the bathroom! Ok so the decor is a little tired but it was spotlessley clean all week.The kitchen is fantastic aswell. We were there for Christmas and I was going to cook christmas dinner and I would have been able to in the kitchen, it had everything. It was seperate from the main room too and we were only in a studio suite. There are plenty of shops, restuarants, diners etc nearby on bothe 3rd and 2nd Avenues. All in all we loved the hotel. We are regulars to NYC (6 times so far) and we have stayed in much more expensive hotels and this is bar far up there with them.We would consider staying here again, if the price is right and can highly recommend it to all.	
Jan 12 2008 	Excellent stay great value!	We booked on hotels.com at a discounted price with low expectation but were really amazed of the high standards! The lobby was small but when entering the room it was huge and very nice, big and comfy bed, nice bathroom and a small kitchenette, very friendly and helpful staff!First night was really cold but it turned out we had missed to switch up the heat on the radiator… Close to grand central station where all the airport busses stop, a bit off from the best shopping and restaurants but it’s always close to taxis or subway.Restaurant was currently (Jan -08) under renovation so no breakfast available.Definitely great value for the money!!!	
Jan 8 2008 	Great place to stay in the city	When I booked the room at the Eastgate Tower hotel via Internet I wasn't expecting a lot because of the fair price I got. I figured that with a price like that a hotel in the city would be just a bed and probably a shared bathroom. I was definetively wrong. The rooms are big and comfortable. We got the bed and a private bathroom topped with a walking closet. Ours wasn't a suite, however we got a fully equiped kitchen with plates, glasses, silverware, toaster and even dish washing soap and scrub (take the hint).The hotel is conveniently located in 39th street between 2nd and 3rd avenue (midtown) which gave us the opportunity to walk to the major touristic places of NYC. We hardly ever grabbed a cab. We walked from the hotel to 5th avenue, the Chrysler building, Grand Central Station, Times Square, Broadway, United Nations, and even Central Park. But if we needed a cab, we could grab it right in front of the hotel.The staff is very helpful. We arrived at 4am on a Saturday morning and we were checked in with a smile. The only improvement they would need is in the rooms decoration. They could use some remodeling.I definetively would stay here again, and I recommend it to other travelers.	
Jan 7 2008 	Huge Room!	My husband, stepdaughter and I stayed in the Eastgate for one night in January 2008. When we got off the cramped elevator, we fully expected the room to be tiny because the hallway was so compact. Wrong! As soon as we opened the door, we collectively said &quot;Wow!&quot;. The room was huge, even NOT by NYC standards. I've stayed in hundreds of hotel rooms, including suites, and this one was probaby one of the largest I've ever experienced. There was a big dining room with a family-size table, a huge living room with a sofa, chair and TV, a full kitchen (although small), a large separate bedroom with two queen beds and tons of closet space, and a small bathroom with tub. We could not believe how much space we had. You could easily have 6 or more people staying in there, comfortably (except for sharing the small bathroom). I'm assuming the building used to be apartments.I booked my room through Priceline. I think it was about $165, well below what you would expect to pay for such a big space in NYC. True, the furniture is dated and somewhat worn, but who cares? If they updated everything, you'd have to pay way more. How much time do you spend in the room in NYC anyway? The room was extremely clean and the front desk clerks were very friendly and helpful.The hotel is definitely in a convenient, relatively quiet and safe location - lots of restaurants, shops, businesses, etc. around. It was about a 15-20 minute walk to our Broadway show. We never heard any traffic noise from our room. We felt very safe walking around that area late at night.I would definitely stay at the Eastgate again!	
Jan 4 2008 	excellent value	This is the third year in a row that we've stayed at the Eastgate Tower, and we will continue to come back for many years to come. We take various family members to NYC every year in December to see the Christmas lights, and every year, we have a different configuration of family relationships with us necessitating various sleeping arrangements. The Eastgate has worked beautifully every year - they have so many options to choose from, room-wise. One bedrooms, two-bedrooms, studios - whatever your needs, they have a room that fits. For the last two years, we've had our baby with us on the trip, and both times, they've been able to provide a REAL crib (not a flimsy pack and play) for her to sleep in. This year we discovered that they also have high chairs for your room upon request, and they do stroller rental too, if needed. They seem to bend over backward to be family-friendly and accommodating.The hotel is tucked onto a quiet street between two busy avenues - quiet enough, but easy walking distance to the Grand Central subway stop, pharmacies, grocery stores and restaurants. The rooms themselves are HUGE by NYC standards - lots of room for a toddler to play after a long day in the stroller sight-seeing. The kitchenette is particularly useful when traveling with kids, as well. It is true that the place needs a renovation - it's getting a little shabby with scratched and dented furniture and threadbare carpeting, but it is kept immaculately clean by the very friendly housekeeping staff. I did not hesitate to let my two year old play on the floor - it was quite clean.I almost hate to write this review - I kinda want to keep the place a family secret. But the hotel deserves commendation - the staff are so friendly (seems to be the same people working there for three years in a row, so there doesn't seem to be much turn-over), and the price for the location (and for the square footage) is SUCH a bargain that I felt I needed to let others know. This is a true gem if you're taking a family vacation to the city - especially if you have kids!	
Jan 1 2008 	Spacious though not luxurious	My partner and I spent four nights at the Eastgate Tower at the end of November 2007. He was in New York on business, and I tagged along for fun. We chose the Eastgate because a) it fit into his expense budget and b) it is located within walking distance of his company's Manhattan headquarters.The best thing about the Eastgate: a lavish amount of space at a reasonable price, both exceptional by New York standards. We had a large living/dining room with a tiny kitchen; a bedroom with attached bathroom; a separate powder room; and two closets. This allowed me the luxury of staying up as late as I wanted, reading or watching TV, without disturbing my partner who had to be at work early each morning. We also stocked the refrigerator with breakfast items, so that we could have quick and economical in-room breakfasts.The rooms were not at all luxurious or stylish; it looks like the place hasn't been redecorated since the mid-1980s. It's all a bit dated and worn, but nevertheless spotlessly clean and comfortable. The staff was friendly and efficient; while the service is not up to the standards of a luxury hotel, it is perfectly adequate.The location is a bit out of the way, on the border of Midtown and Murray Hill, but is only a ten or fifteen minute walk to the transportation hub of Grand Central Station. And, being immediately adjacent to the Queens-Midtown Tunnel exit street, we did get our share of honking horns and traffic noise every morning, but it wasn't a problem since we weren't sleeping late.All in all, the Eastgate Tower provided the luxury of space at a bargain price; we would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 1 2008 	Excellent Hotel	I stayed here in October for 5 nights with my partner and father who joined us mid stay. We were very happy with check in which was extremely fast, our room was not ready at the time but we had been given a complimentary upgrade to a 2 bedroom suite so were not concerned. To be fair the room was absolutely huge and was probably bigger than most apartments in New York. The decor was a little dated and lighting not enough in the lounge for the size of the room but it had 2 bathrooms which was really handy and 2 large bedrooms, one with 2 doubles and 1 with another double.The service was fantastic and what I liked was that it seemed like no tip was expected from the staff. Not too common in NY. Location for us was awesome, right in the middle, we were able to walk to most sites but grand central was a couple of blocks away and there are taxi's galore. Unfortunately the restaurant was closed when we were there also but the courtyard was lovely to sit in to relax after exploring New York for the day. Food wise, the italian restaurant just up 2nd Avenue is an absolute gem! We went to Smith and Wollenskys grill for a steak which was also amazing and would highly recommend, expensive but worth it. Deli's galore, Fluffy's is brilliant on 7th Ave close to carnegie hall for a casual normal priced good sandwich and salad and there is a McDonalds just downstairs if you're desperate.I believe that this is an excellent hotel for the money considering its central New York and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay here.	
Dec 30 2007	Clean 	Stayed here with my sister-in-law for 4 nights from 8th December. The hotel is in a quiet street within easy walking distance of Fifth Avenue, Times Square, Empire State Building, Grand Central Station. We had a junior suite which was really warm and comfortable for the two of us. We were able to spread out and relax between coming back from our days sightseeing and going out in the evening. The suite had a large bed, comfortable sofa bed and armchair, a kitchenette and bathroom. Towels were changed every day and sheets alternate days. The bathroom had a good supply of shower gel, shampoo, etc.The only use we made of the kitchen was to store cold drinks in the refrigerator and make coffee. The hotel supplied enough coffee for our needs.The day we arrived our room wasn't quite ready, but we were able to leave our cases and go for a walk. On our last day we left the cases again and the hotel arranged a car to the airport. The staff were very friendly and helpful.Just two minor criticisms - the room was very hot , until we worked out how to turn the heating down, and there was no kettle to boil the water for making tea. But these are minor things and all things considered I would definitley stay here again.	
Dec 19 2007 	Very Nice and Comfortable	Very nice little hotel, with decent staff and rooms that feel like little apartments. Very quiet residential location, and there are tons of great places to eat and drink along 3rd Ave. Staff was all very pleasant.In my room there was a long narrow hallway that you entered through (probably all are like this). and the light in the hallway was out when I first got there. Very dark and disconcerting because you cannot see the room right away, just a dark hallway. On my way out in the morning, I told staff light was out and it was replaced when I came back. Rooms are not spectacular, but just pleasant and laid out in a way thay feels like a decent studio apartmentI am on a long term assignment in NYC working in Midtown, and I have been searching for a place I can call home without bopping around from hotel to hotel. This is probably where I am going to end up.	
Dec 9 2007 	Excellent accommodation	We stayed for 4 nights at the Eastgate Tower Suite Hotel at the end of November 2007. Check in was flawless and we were pleased with the relatively quiet location just a couple of blocks from Grand Central (nearest subway) and a 15-20 minute walk to the Empire State Building. Our junior suite was very spacious and clean with good facilities. Servicing of rooms was excellent. Unfortunately the restaurant was closed for refurbishment so we used the in-room kitchen facilities for breakfast although there was room service. There were free secure deposit boxes. The staff were very helpful and organised transport back to Newark airport for us and storage for our luggage during the day after check out. We would highly recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Dec 7 2007 	good value for the money...	Stayed at the Eastgate at the end of November / beginning of December. Good location and very big room albeit a little dated. The bed was large and very comfortable. There was a sizeable sitting area for guests / fellow travellers. There was also a smallish bathroom and a basic kitchen.Please note this is not the smartest, most modern hotel in New York but the room was large, warm and comfortable. If you spend a lot of time in your room you are missing the point of visiting New York!!The Hotel was certainly not cheap but was mid-priced and I think good value for money especially if there are a couple of you in each room making a contribution. I’ve stayed in much more expensive NY hotels and they haven’t been much better.Please note at the moment the Hotel Restaurant is closed as its being updated although there was no sign of activity when we were there. We ate breakfast at the Frontier Restaurant about 100 yds away on 3rd and the food was quite good and reasonably priced. For other meals you would probably travel outside the hotel anyway and there are lots of restaurants within easy walking distance.The staff are helpful and friendly although a little busy at times, so occasionally there is a little wait for attention however it’s good when it arrives.Overall fairly satisfied with the Eastgate experience.	
Dec 7 2007	Excellent!	I didn't know what to expect when I booked this as a surprise trip to New York for my boyfriend. We had a 1 bedroom suite (some family came as well as part of the surprise) which consisted of a 2 double beds in the bedroom and a pull out sofa bed in the living room. We had a fully fitted kitchen which was brilliant for quick snacks and drinks. We found the staff to be very helpful and polite. I agree with a lot of the reviews the rooms are a little dated but we found them to be clean and spacious. The towels and bedding were changed every day and they even did the washing up? The Frontier Café on the corner of 39th St and 3rd Av is excellent for breakfast. They even delivered to our room when we had to be up and out for 08:00 in the morning. Docks on 40th and 3rd (I think) have great Sea food. The hotel is in a great location and within walking distance to Grand Central. It’s the ideal place to drop your bags, party, shop and sight see then crawl home in the early hours….	
Dec 4 2007 	Not impressed	After reading many reviews we finally chose Eastgate Tower Hotel for our 5 night stay in New York. Our only request was a room with a view, which ended up being a room on the second floor, right above the air conditioning unit, which hummed continuously looking at a rather dull rendered wall. Not being a well travelled person I was expecting a little luxury for our $2300 stay, how wrong I was! The room was in desperate need of redecoration and very grubby, there were stale crackers in the kitchen cupboards and the windows did not shut tightly which mean't the humming was more audible. The restaurant was also closed for referbishment, which was never mentioned on their website or when they took our hard earned cash!If you have decided to stay at this hotel, judging by the reviews you might be lucky, but if you get room 2D you won't be impressed.	
Dec 4 2007 	Great hotel	Booked a 2 bedroom suite here, It really was huge, fantastic value. I don't have any negatives about the hotel, it suited us perfectly.	
Dec 2 2007 	Awesome hotel	I previously stayed at the Eastgate towers in December of 2006 and had a follow up trip in October of 2007 and the hotel was just as great! This time we had three people going and had the Junior bedroom suite which came with one queen bed, a pull out sofa bed (which was VERY roomy and VERY comfortable!) and what a very spacious room is general! You definitley get great quality at the hotel. The staff are very helpful and the bags can be put on hold before checking in and after checking out so you can get the most out of the city. This is a perfect location because it is outside of all the hustle and bustle and is quiet and nice. Everything is in a reasonable amount of walking distance, Grand Central is particularly close. There are some good restaurants and eating locations just around the block, so no need to fear with the hotel restaurant under renovations. Anyway, highly recommended! AWESOME hotel, next time I go to NYC I will be staying yet again at Eastgate Towers.	
Nov 27 2007	All you need	I've just literally come back from staying in the Eastgate Tower Hotel. We booked the 2 bedroom suite and stayed there for 4 nights. Although the hotel is not very modernly decorated it was perfect for what we needed. The hotel restaurant is currently under renovation but there was a perfectly adequate diner on the corner called Fontaine's I think. Our room could comfortably accommodate 6 people and as there were only 4 of us we had more than enough room. We did not used the kitchen as that was not what our trip was about but it would have perfect if needed. I would say thogh that there was no microwave.The staff were very very pleasant and helpful. Anything you needed they got for you and in a very nice manner. I would stay in it again and would definitely recommend it to others.	
Nov 25 2007 	Not Bad	This hotel is located in Midtown and is in walking distance of Grand Central, Empire State Building, Rockefeller Centre, UN Building, 5th Avenue and Broadway. The room was massive, clean and what we had expected. We didnt use the kitchen but looked well equiped. Resturant was closed for 'renovation'. Staff were helpfull and we were able to leave our bags with Concierge on last day.We had nothing bad to say about the hotel. Seemed to be a quiet neighberhood. The black sheep (Irish) pub, (located on the same block) provided a nice meal and drinks one evening.	
Nov 13 2007 	So very very happy!	I did SO much research online to make sure we found a clean room in a safe place for our first trip to NYC. Due to the staggering hotel prices, I decided to look a bit further away from Times Square, where we would be be attending shows until very late at night. I happened upon Eastgate Towers and read all of the great reviews. To my delight, all the raves are true!ABOUT LOCATION: On the map, it seemed a bit further from Times Square than ideal, but it turned out to be a reasonable distance...only a 20 minute walk (Right onto 3rd, Left onto 42nd until you hit Braodway) Easy walk for any able bodied person... and (in traffic) it IS faster to walk than taxi (save $6-$12). You walk right by the Chrysler Building, Grand Central Station, Public Library and ice skaters in Bryant Park along the way. We even walked back to Eastgate Hotel at 2:30am and never felt at all unsafe. We felt like we lived in NY!THE NEIGHBORHOOD: The Frontier on the corner is a great breakfast spot. They deliver to the rooms for no charge, but we preferred to sit down to eat diner style. It was FAST, affordable and tasty. Never made it there for lunch. McD's on the corner, perfect for a 3am snack! Grocery store around the corner, Dunkin Donuts close by. Lots of other places to eat.... Duke's (Left onto 3rd) had a fun atmosphere. Quiet, safe neighborhood.THE ROOM: We were in a Jr Suite on the 3rd floor directly above the portico. Surprisingly quiet, considering we were so low and close to the main entrance. As everyone has said in the reviews... the rooms are HUGE! Even compared to rooms outside of NY! Very clean, lots of closet space. The decor in our room was not bad at all and did not seem dated to me. It was simple, not posh, but didn't seem worn out or ugly. I liked that the windows opened a bit for air and to let in some &quot;city sounds&quot;.THE STAFF: All were friendly, helpful and seemed to like their jobs... even when it was busy. We called for an extra blanket and then went to grab breakfast. We were only gone 30 minutes (MAX) and when we came back.. our blanket was there, our room had been fully serviced and the dishes left in the sink were washed! NICE!	
Nov 13 2007 	Easy and Comfortable	If you want to feel like you are living in New York this is a great neighborhood. Hotel is worn but clean and rooms are good size. We will stay again.	
Nov 13 2007 	Eastgate	A good hotel in a great location. The previous reviews on the site are accurate, the rooms are massive but slightly dated. Having said that it did not cause us a problem and if it was renovated I guess the prices would increase accordingly. The rooms were clean and the kitchen facility was great as we did not have too eat out all the time. The one evening we were too tired to go out so ordered a Chinese takeaway via the reception, I guess most hotels would not be too keen on you doing this!The Frontier diner on the corner of the block is an ideal place to have breakfast to set you up for the day. There are several good restaurant close by, Cibo [--] (1 block up on 2nd street) is highly recommended. The area feels safe even at night and it is just a short walk to Grand Central station.All in all a great hotel and we will be back.	
Oct 28 2007 	Good value accomodation	Just returned from a week's stay in New York and stayed at Eastgate Tower at the start and end of the visit [Montauk for a few days in the middle]. Found Eastgate towers to be excellent accomodation. Centrally situated, and the 2 bedroom Suite we had was perfect accomodation for a family of x2 adults and x2 teenagers. The staff were helpful and knowledgable. The hotel was also prepared to let us leave some bags at the hotel for 48hrs [as we were coming back] so that we could travel light for our 2day Sea-side trip to Long Island. Only critical points? :1] Contrary to Hotel details, the Ground floor Restaurant is closed for &quot;renovation&quot;. No work going on, didn't look in a rush to re-open.2] Decor, rather dated and in need of refreshing....On theother hand the price would take a hike if it was all &quot;trendy boutique&quot; in appearance.	
Oct 20 2007 	Not bad. Very basic	Very basic hotel. I had a junior room and it was very large, especially for NYC, though the bathroom somehow manages to remain NYC small. Location was good, for midtown Manhattan. Bathroom wasn't as clean as it could be.Not sure if I'd stay there again, especially if it's for vacation.	
Oct 9 2007 	Great hotel!	This is a great place to stay! Convenient location, safe neighborhood, spacious and clean rooms, full kitchen (with dishwasher!), full baths, dining area. Great value. We'll be back.	
Oct 5 2007 	Not luxurious but really good all the same	Four of us spent the last four nights in September in a 2-bedroom suite and I'd give Eastgate Tower the thumbs up.The one precondition the other couple had for an NY hotel room was that it had to be bigger than the average shoebox and in fairness, the suite we got was huge. As other reviewers mention, it is not state of the art by any stretch. Don't get me wrong, it is not rundown and is certainly not uncomfortable...just a little old-fashioned in terms of furnishings.This isn't a hotel you'll be spending any time in apart from in your room. The lobby is small and serves a function to get you to your room as quickly as possible. Safety deposit boxes are available in the lobby too. The onsite restaurant was closed for renovations when we stayed.Nearby, there is a McDonalds, a pharmacy and a cornershop at one end of the street, and a couple of nice breakfast places at the other. Around the corner is a strip of 3 pubs, which all seemed to do a fair enough trade.Grand Central is only a 5 minute walk away (I don't see how anyone could describe it as further away... the entrance you need is more or less at the corner of 3rd and 42nd) and this means everything in the city is only a change of a train away.Fashion Avenue is about 20 minutes away, Times Square a few minutes more than that, and Central Park about 25 minutes (all walking distances).If you're in New York principally to go shopping, this probably isn't the best spot for you, given the long enough hike back and forward from any of the main shopping areas to drop off the bags and start again. But for any other visitor, the Eastgate is excellent value.	
Oct 5 2007 	Good solid choice!	The Eastgate Tower is a very good choice for anyone travelling on a budget. Actually we paid a fortune for it, on a business trip during the busiest week of the year, but I know that generally the hotel is good value.The reception staff were always cheerful and helpful.The rooms are HUGE. If you're sharing with friends, the 2 bedroom suites might be a good way to save money. I was upgraded to one ... it had 2 double beds, and another room with two single beds. Plus two bathrooms, a ktichen and a huge living room. So you can have your privacy (separate bedroom and bathroom) and meet up in the living room. Tons of storage space too in both bedrooms. I was on the 3rd floor, and there was some street noise in the bedroom facing the street. I wear earplugs, and was fine with it. The other bedroom, facing the back, was much quieter.All that said, I found the hotel totally lacked character - it was, well, your basic hotel. But it was clean, the TV worked, and the location is very good indeed. We were working at the UN, and it was within easy walking distance. For breakfast, we went along the road to the Frontier cafe, and really liked it. A real New York experience. British visitors will love it! Free coffee refills too.All in all, if you haven't been to New York before, and are looking for a good value base for exploring the city, you can't go wrong with the Eastgate Tower.	
Oct 1 2007 	Extraordinary Eastgate	I have nothing but good things to say about the Eastgate. I was traveling with four friends, and when we arrived the desk clerk told us we had been upgraded to a 2-bedroom suite. The suite was huge, with two bathrooms and a sitting area where we gathered with our other friends to drink wine before going out on Friday night. We had a kitchen with a full-size refrigerator and a dishwasher. I am picky about cleanliness and found nothing to complain about. We paid $400 per night, which with taxes amounted to about $125 per person, per night-that's a great deal for a big room in New York in September.Everyone at the front desk was very pleasant and helpful, quickly checking our bags when we arrived early, and letting me use the health club bathroom after I checked out. There is internet access in the front lobby; if you're just printing out a boarding pass it's $3. We really enjoyed the neighborhood. Around the corner from the hotel is a supermarket, convenience store, neighborhood bars, a wine store and inexpensive eateries. It's a little bit of a hike to the nearest subway station, Grand Central, but hey, it's New York, you walk a lot. We had no problems walking to midtown, Central Park, etc.Yes, the furnishings are a bit threadbare. So what? I'd prefer they keep the rates at a reasonable cost. That minor quibble didn't take away from the great experience we had here.	
Sep 23 2007 	Loved the Eastgate Tower I'll be back!	Stayed at the Eastgate Tower with my mother and sister, the first visit to New York for all of us! I read the reviews carefully prior to deciding on the Eastgate, and the reviews were right on! This hotel is a great value, location was good, walking distance to just about everything that we wanted to see. The neighborhood felt safe, with lots of retuarants, little grocery stors, etc. While the hotel itself may need a bit of an update, it was very clean, well kept, quite and friendly! STAFF was GREAT! I will defintely bok the Eastgate Tower on my second trip to New York!	
Sep 18 2007	Excellent Value For Money	Have just returned from a 5 night stay in the Eastgate Towers. It was my first visit to New York so location was very important i.e. safe and close to major places of interest. Our room was on the 5th floor and we were never disturbed by traffic. It was slightly outdated however it was a decent size, comfortable and spotlessly clean and toiletries/coffee etc replenished every day.The location was excellent - we walked as far north as the Guggenheim and as far south as Battery Park and Times Square was only about 20 mins away. Even late at night we never felt threatened when walking around.My boyfriend used the gym every morning and tells me that it was perfectly adequate and the hotel were flexible about him using it prior to official opening time.Reception staff were helpful and we were allowed to remain in our room past checkout time on our day of departure rather than store our luggage downstairs. The hotel also arranged our car to the airport and this proved to be cheaper than our taxi fair on arrival.Overall, this hotel represented excellent value for money and we would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 8 2007 	What a joy!!	The Eastgate Tower is a really good value hotel, that is exceptionally clean with very friendly staff. The lobby and reception are small but functional and pleasantly decorated. I stayed for five nights with with four other friends and we were allocated two suites on the same floor. The suites were well equipped and very clean, though simple in furnishings - they had everything we required. The hotel is well located and in easy walking distance to UN Buildings, Grand Central Station and the Empire State Building, we also walked comfortably to Macy's, Times Square, Broadway and Fifth Avenue. We had a fantastic stay and would all go back to this hotel - the cleaniness, friendliness and location of this place make it exceptional value for money. Thanks to all the team at the Eastgate Tower, you made our trip memorable....you were really grand!!A very happy Yorkshire lass, from Sheffield England.	
Sep 7 2007 	I concur with the positive reviews	My wife, 3 yr old son and I stayed for three nights in a double bed suite with a kitchen. The room and the hotel decor is rather plain and dated for some tastes. The bathroom was plain and clean with a nice showerhead.There was enough space in the room for us all to run around. The kitchen has a stove, oven, microwave, small fridge, sink, cabinets with plates, pans, glasses, and utensils. We filled the fridge up with food from trader joes and whole foods at union square, the next stop on the number 4 express. The metro is 3 blocks away at grand central station The neighborhood seemed safer and quieter than the more busier tourist spots. There are tons of restos on third ave. Midtown tunnel is a few blocks away for trips to the Long Island, Laguardia and JFK and grand central is, again, three blocks away.  The staff attended to all our needs and questions pleasantly and with concern. There was an excess charge for the internet on our bill but it was excised without hassle.The gym was small, tv epuipped with a treadmill, 2-3 stairmasters an older bike, a rack of 5,8,15,25 and 35 dumbbells.and a universlal gym, which is fine if you know what you're doing.  We would definitely stay here again unless we found something else that was as convenient and well equipped for a lower price.	
Sep 6 2007	Great family hotel	Our family of 5 (3 kids ages 19-23) stayed here for a week in August. Huge 2 bedroom suite. The beds were comfortable. The rooms are clean. Having a fully equiped kitchen is a bonus. The location is good, many great restaurants nearby - we liked the restaurtant in the hotel. But if you like Italian try Rossini's, just a few blocks away. Or Maru Maru for Japanese, it's on 2nd. We were able to have a later check out and the hotel arranged airport transfers at a much more reasonable rate than if booking on the internet (if you pay cash). The rooms could use some cosmetic upates, but the price was right for the size and comfort level. We stayed at the Shellburne last year (same hotel chain), it's fancier, but you pay for that. We would stay here again.	
Sep 2 2007 	VERY Pleased with the Eastgate Tower Hotel Suites!	We were doing a 3-city tour (NYC, Philly &amp; Boston) and had stayed at other Affinia NYC properties (e.g. Kimberley Suites) last year. Being honest, we try and pick suites where they are available and reasonably priced, as some hotel rooms in NYC can be a bit pokey - and the One Bedroom suites for just the two of us here are massive! We had 4 nights at the Eastgate Tower. Gotta say we were more than pleasantly surprised when we got the key to our room (Suite 23C) with great views of the city and the room was massive! Dinner table seating for 6 easy (8 at a pinch); kitchen had everything you'd ever need for a suit-yourself-stay (microwave, 5-burner gas cooker, cutlery &amp; crockery, huge fridge-freezer, sink, coffee machine with comp coffee, tea bags etc.) The separate living room/lounge was huge too - settee, arms chairs, writing desk with reasonably-priced WiFi Internet, large TV (with all manner of Web Access, Films on Demand, free channels etc.) with good Air Conditioning (as did the separate bedroom - comfy bed!). The room smelled clean and fresh and was maintained well throughout our stay. Check-in/Reception guys were bright and engaging (for that read genuinely helpful and polite) and the place itself is ideally situated Midtown for all most tourist walkabouts. NYC is a walker-friendly city and we just like to pootle about and shop and go and see things. We have fiends in the West Village, so getting there from our hotel was no problem. If you like a variety of eateries - you're spoiled for choice: Deli's, Diners, Restaurants etc. Would we go back? Yep - no question. Recommended as a value-for-money residence for when you're in NYC! Enjoy - we did! :-)	
Sep 1 2007 	Did exactly what is said on the box	Stayed at the eastgate tower a week ago for 6 nights with our 14 month old son. Chose the hotel for favourable reviews on trip advisor and a fair rate (hotelstay.com) was £740 for 6 nights . To be fair there is nothing we could complian about- it fitted our needs exactly- we requested a room high up (quieter) and a cot and indeed it was all set up when we arrived. A friend who lives in the USA was able to stay with us at shorter notice too and so we requested a fold away bed which was no problem and we were not charged for this either. The kitchen area was well equipped and I dont know how we would have managed with our little one without it (fridge, microwave and washing up area) . We requested a high chair and 20 mins later a good quality one (he does wriggle a lot!) appeared. Location of teh hotel could not be faulted either - we dont mind walking and it really was a short walk to get food (lots of supermarkets, a good diner- Frontier, and a starbucks about 5 minn walk away)For familes travelling especially with babies/toddlers i would thoroughly recommend this hotel- yes its isnt luxurious but quite frankly it was clean, tidy and well equipped- what more do you want?	
Aug 31 2007 	Woul definately stay again	I couldn't believe just how large the rooms were! We didn't use the kitchen much, but there was everything you would need to make a meal if the NY cuisine was getting you down. I went with my family and we had 2 rooms. The A/C in my room worked extremely well and was quiet, however the one in my parent's room was a little noisier, but it by no means stopped them from sleeping. The bed was very comfortable and unlike a lot f hotels, the linen was of a good quality allowing you to ust sink into sleep after your flight, which was handy as ours had taken 28 hours rather than 7 with Delta but that's a different story.The concierge was very helpful and very friendly. He told us where to go to find the best cheesecake, pretzels and diner in the city when we wanted to sample some typical american food. He also arranged a private car to take us back to the airport which only cost around $60 with tip and tolls. This was a lot cheaper than a metered taxi would have been especially as we were leaving in rush hour.I would highly recommend this hotel for being safe, well located and quiet. It also comes attached to a very good italian restuarant that outdid an italian we went to in little italy!	
Aug 30 2007	Be careful!	First of all...when I made my reservation they charged my credit card on a refundable room. Then when I checked out, they charged it again. Then when they credited back for the first charge, they gave the credit to my sister's card instead of mine. When I called to straighten the situtation out, I was told &quot;that if I can't get the money from your sister, I am not going to eat it&quot;. They took no blame for their mistake and have a very poor business practice. The GM was very rude and needs to take customer service classes. It was there mistake, and they could care less. I will never stay there again for that reason, and not to mention that it is very dirty!!!!	
Aug 29 2007 	Good but noisy	I stayed here for 6 nights at the promotional rate of 295 + tax per night booked via their website for a junior suite.The junior suite comes with a queen bed, which is a bit on the small side for 2 adults. Rooms are clean and are cleaned daily. Bed linen is changed every 2 days. Bathroom linen changed daily when on floor (like most hotels these days). Large rooms with kitchen, dining area, sofa and TV area, bed and bathroom so this is quite large for NYC standards. Noise isolation can be better (needs updating). The air-conditioning is an older style &quot;fan-in-the -wall-set-up&quot; so a lot of city and traffic noise comes in through the fan. The fan itself is also very noisy.We rented bicycles. The parking/garage manager did not allow us to store the bikes in the garages (even though they valet park cars and motorcycles in there) so we had to bribe the assistant.So all in all a good stay in regards to the price but the rooms are in need of refurbishing. Let people park their bikes please!I have stayed at the Affinia Dumont before and chose the Eastgate Tower this time (also Affinia group) because it was somewhat cheaper but next time I'll pay extra for the Dumont which is a much cleaner, quieter and overall better hotel.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great staff old furnishings and decor	I have stayed with the other Affinia hotels and have always had a great experience. I was expecting the same level of rooms as the other hotels. Let me first say that the Eastgate Tower's staff was courteous, professional and extremely accomodating. The hotel itself is in a great neighborhood and very convenient to many sites. BUT The hotel is extremely outdated and its decor looks like it is from the 1980's. The beds were uncomfortable and the pull out sofa's mattress was almost nonexistent. We had to pile two sofa mattresses on top of each other for it to be decent. The rooms had a funky smell and the bathrooms were all white but looked yellow. I would rate our overall stay as just okay. I will not be returning until they update this hotel.	
Aug 25 2007	Above average good value	Spent 2 nights at the Eastgate Tower, in mid-town Manhattan. It is well located, close enough to Grand Central Station to catch the trains, a healthy but do-able walk to Broadway Theatres, and there's a decent bagel place (Daniel's) a couple of blocks away.The room (2 beds) was large, with a kitchenette, which is very convenient for storing and heating up food (there's an oven/range+ microwave, sink and fridge, with dishes and utensils provided). Maid service included dish-washing.TV was an older CRT model.	
Aug 21 2007 	Surprisingly large room	The room was much larger than expected for New York with plenty of storage. The kitchenette was great! It had everything - fridge, microwave, toaster, stove, oven, dishes, etc. Bathroom had a large medicine chest for storage, and plenty of towel racks, which were much appreciated. Good water pressure in shower. The AC fan was loud, but it worked. TV was fine. Furniture, walls, etc. not new/modern, but in good condition and clean. There was a slight smoky smell one day in the bathroom -- I think it was coming through a vent from another room -- but it was very slight.The staff was friendly and helpful and the lobby is nice. They couldn't give us a later check-out time, but they did store our luggage in the meantime, and were very quick about getting it back for us and calling a cab. Maid service forgot to replenish the coffee and toiletries, but the front desk quickly solved it both times.The location is good -- not far from Grand Central Terminal, and a lot of good restaurants within a 10 block radius. Our window looked out over 39th street and was big (not like some tiny windows that open onto alleys that I've had before).The only thing we really didn't like was the attached restaurant, Il Sogno. We went there for after-dinner drinks and dessert one night and got possibly the worst, rudest service we've ever had. Plus, the outdoor seating isn't very nice, and it's overpriced. But no problem, there are plenty of other restaurants nearby.	
Aug 8 2007 	Best Stay Yet in NYC.........	Our room was not ready when we arrived. It was a short walk to Grand Central Station. They called us within the hour to tell us our room was ready. When we returned we were upgraded to a Jr Suite.This was my 10th trip to New York City and the best stay yet.I would definitely stay at the Eastgate Tower Hotel again!!	
Aug 5 2007 	Brilliant	Lovely staff, room huge and spotless, but couldn't turn the heating off so had to keep turning on the air con to cool it down and leave a window open at night but that did the trick. Was pleased overall and would stay again.	
Jul 30 2007 	Great Staff perfect for families	We spent 3 nights at the Eastgate, and were very pleased. The room was actually a mini suite - in that it had a large queen size bed, lots of closet space, small stove, sink, oven, plates, silverware, mini fridge, and microwave. It looks like the hotel was originally an appartment building, and they converted it to a hotel, thus the stove, etc. For our family it was perfect. The room was quite large, and tastefully decorated. This isn't the Hyatt, but it's also not the Hyatt prices. Most impressive were the staff who were very friendly. We took their suggestion of having dinner at Hudson resturant one block away. It was a super meal, reasonably priced. There is also another local eatery on the corner of 3rd and 39th i think, we went there for breakfast every morning, and had much more reasonable prices that anywhere else we had been. You are in a quiet part of town, close to United Nations. A short walk and you can be in Times Sq. To us, it seemed more of a residential area than a tourist area. If you look at the NY map with all the attractions, there aren't many by the hotel, but that was fine with us. The excellent price for the room, and the super staff was what we wanted. We will definately be back again.	
Jul 18 2007 	Had a great stay at Eastgate	My wife and I go to NY for the 4th of July every year, and are quite familiar with midtown hotels. The Eastgate tower staff were very accomidating and efficient. The room was large and clean. the furnature is older and the full kitchen is small but more than we needed. The location is great. Very close to grand central and bars and restraunts on third ave. We will come here next year.	
Jul 12 2007 	Great location and excellent value	We chose this hotel after reading the reviews and were not disappointed. The hotel is in a great location within walking distance of the Empire State Building, Central Station and even if keen Times Square. The lobby is a little small but was never crowded when we were there, staff helpful with information, luggage and arranging cabs. We were on the 11th floor at the back of the hotel but still had interesting views. The hotel is on a fairly quiet road and we had no trouble with noise. The room was great with plenty of space although we hardly used the facilities (full size oven, microwave, fridge) it would be really handy if there for a longer stay. The decor was a little tierd but clean and comfortable and certainly good value. I would recommended the hotel as a good 2*+	
Jul 10 2007 	Huge cheap but shabby	Our family of 5 visited NYC for a 3 day weekend. Saturday and Sunday we stayed at the Embassy Suites Hotel down in the financial district. For about $216/night, we got a large bedroom and living room with sleeper sofa, free breakfast, etc. Fantastic deal although kind of an out of the way location. Price more than doubled for Monday night, so we switched to the Eastgate Hotel, more uptown, at 39th and 3rd. We'd booked a one bedroom suite but they gave us a free upgrade to a 2 bedroom. I think we paid about $265 before taxes, etc. We had two bedrooms, two full bathrooms, a full kitchen, dining area and HUGE living room with sleeper sofa. We could have fit about 20 people in this space. It was quite clean but everything very shabby, peeling wallpaper, old furniture, malfunctioning and NOISY window air conditioners, etc. Since we weren't in the hotel much, we didn't really care. Quiet street but a quick walk to Grand Central and subways. Had to pay through the nose to use the computer with internet in the teensy lobby; that was a pain. Would probably go back if we couldn't find a good price at a nicer place.	
Jul 9 2007 	Surprise and delighted	For less than $200 a night incl all taxes and fees, this place was a steal. Very large rooms with full kitchens and lots of closets. We had a queen bed and a sofa bed opposite it. With the sofa open, we still had room for a dance floor in between. Bathroom was ok and clean, as was everything else. Not a suite in the separate bedroom and living room sense, but just a very large room with a full kitchen and dining areaYou don't have the restaurants nearby like the Upper West Side places but who cares since this place was a good $100 less than those places for similar furnishings. A good and safe area with decent options on 3rd and 2nd. Also a great jumping off place to Long Island since the Midtown tunnel and Long Island Expressway (I-495) is a block away. Staff was professional and friendly, plus the adjacent public garage takes the car from you right at the hotel entrance so no hassles dropping the luggage and finding a place to park for the nights	
Jul 8 2007 	Great Value in NYC	We booked the Eastgate Tower based on previous stays at other Affinia hotels in New York, room rate and reviews. We were not disappointed.We took a cab from LaGuardia and once in Manhattan it was an easy drive to the Eastgate. The lobby is very small and can be claustrophobic when it's crowded. We arrived early - around 10:15 am - and though we were initially told our room was not ready, a manager stepped in, changed our room assignment, and we were in. Our room was a Junior Suite, which includes a small but complete kitchen, large sitting area with table &amp; chairs, sofa-bed and armchair, a king-size bed and bath. The room had a large dresser, two nightstands and three(!) closets - plenty of storage for our clothing and luggage. The set-up was great for 2 adults and 2 kids. The bathroom was small and did not have much counter space, but there was storage under the sink and in mirrored cabinets above the sink. The room and furniture were clean and the bed was comfortable. The carpet could use a throrough cleaning, or should be replaced. It always felt somewhat damp. The bathroom wallpaper was pretty tired, but the bathroom was clean with plenty of hot water.We had a 24th floor room overlooking 39th Street, which isn't terribly busy so the room was quiet. There was a huge window, with smaller side windows that open - we had unseasonably cool weather during our stay so it was great to be able to enjoy fresh air.The neighborhood is safe, with small groceries and fast food options nearby. We grabbed coffee each a.m. at the Starbucks on Lexington and 40th and bagels at Bagels &amp; More on 39th &amp; 3rd Avenue. There isn't much in the way of restaurants or shopping in the immediate area, so you'll need to venture out for these.The walk to Grand Central was an easy one and we took the subway everywhere. Sites such as the Empire State Building and Times Square were easily walkable, as is shopping on 5th Avenue.If you're traveling with kids and need a cool break in the sightseeing frenzy, visit the St. Vartan's playground on 1st Avenue just a few blocks from the hotel. Our kids loved it and we enjoyed sitting in the shade and relaxing after a full day of walking.The Eastgate Tower isn't fancy, but it's a great value for NYC and was the perfect set-up for our family of four.	
Jul 5 2007 	Nice stay at Eastgate Tower	We stayed in a one bedroom suite for 3 nights (June 29,30 &amp; July 1), and had a wonderful time. I was a little nervous about the whole New York thing, having not been there before. I was concerned with safety and cleanliness and found both areas exceeded my expectations. The room is huge with two queen beds in the bedroom and a sleeper sofa in the sitting room and a TV in each area. This was nice as we were traveling with a teenager and he could stay up late and not bother us. It was really nice to be able to spread out and be comfortable. There was a small kitchen which was nice for the refrigerator, coffee maker and microwave, but I don't think it would be to easy to actually prepare a meal there as it is very lightly stocked with dishes etc. This is not a fancy hotel at all, but is clean and very comfortable and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The only thing I might do differently, is choose something a little closer to a subway stop. The closest one is in Grand Central Station and that is about a 20 minute walk away. That doesn't sound like much but when you are out walking, walking, walking as most people in NYC do, it just adds a litte extra on to the day, especially if you are in and out alot during the day. BUT I would not let this stop me from staying in this hotel again. All in all, we had a great time and I would go back again.	
Jun 28 2007 	Fanastic Hotel Great Staff	Both myself and my other half stayed in this hotel mid-february (during the snow) for a long weekend. When booking, we took a bit of a risk going for the Eastgate Towers due to its low cost. However, all of our preconceptions were eliminated as soon as we were greeted by the hotel staff. They are by far the best and most helpful I have ever met! Yes, the hotel decor is a little dated, but functional and comfortable. Then there is the space, and believe me, there's loads of it. We had a one bedroom suite on the 21st floor (D) and it was huge, probably as big if not bigger than some apartments/flats. A lounge/diner with four seat table, sofa bed, 32 inch TV, kitchen with dishwasher, small bathroom and bedroom with two queen beds and 21 inch TV, plus lots of storage. Then there's the view. We had a great view of 39th street facing west bound and a side view of the Empire State. This is by far the best view I've ever had in any of the New York hotels I've stayed in. The hotel is centrally located and only 4 blocks (10 minutes walk) from Grand Central Station, 15 minutes walk to the Empire State and 20 minutes walk to Time Square. Highly recommended!	
Jun 28 2007	Enjoyable 	My daughter and I spent a long weekend at the Eastgate. I chose it because of the reviews and I was not disapponted. The14th floor studio suite was ready when we arrived at 11 AM and was very clean. The staff was accomodating and helpful. The bed was very comfy. The fact that the furniture was slightly dated seems VERY unimportant. My only suggestions are:Include the internet cost in the room rate. It is provided by an outside source and although accomodating I feel in this day and age it might be better to just up the rate $10 and include it AND access to the lobby internet with printer. I had to pay an extra $3.40 to print my airline boarding pass. It was $3 for 7 mon. and 20 cents per page to print. This was on top of the $9.95 for internet in my room. It was minimal but annoying.Also I would have liked a comfortable armchair. We had two desk/dining chairs and had to always sit on the bed to watch TV. The room was plenty large enough to accomodate at least a simple wood/upholstered seat armchair.I thought the location was great and we had easy access to transportation, a safe neighborhood, and a bit of relief from hub-bub in many parts of the city. We kept the window open and had a pleasant breeze and therefore never tested the AC.	
Jun 22 2007 	old nice staff	I booked this hotel through Quickbook.com at a great price. After reading reviews, I picked this hotel based on price, nice staff, and thought I could handle an older room as long as it's clean. When we arrived, the staff was very nice. Our room had mold in the bathroom and the bedding/ furniture were out dated. The mattress on the bed was nothing but springs (room 16 c). We were moved to room 17 c, which was a little better. Again the staff was nice, location was ok. I think it's worth paying more for a smaller, up to date room, that's closer to everything. If you are on a very tight budget and can deal with an old room, maybe this will work for you.	
Jun 20 2007 	All around-can't get any better than this!	We stayed here from 5/23/07 to 5/25/07 - anniversary trip. We checked in (a few hours early), and were given our room key with no hassles. We stayed on the 7th floor. The only problem we had was the hallway right outside our door smelled moldy and was quite strong - it stunk!! Once we got into the toom though, there was no smell and we were very pleased. Clean, spacious, and far beyond what we expected! The kitchette was very clean and so was the bathroom, with plenty of towels and HOT WATER! When we told the staff about the smell as we left to look around the area, they sent someone up to check it out, and when we returned - it was taken care of. We were treated nicely at all times, and the doorman, Louis, is an awsome person. He gave us directions for everwhere we wanted to go. There are many places to eat and Grand Central Station is not far at all. Buy an all day Metro Pass, and go sightseeing every where on public transporation for 7.00. This hotel is great and we will be returning for our next trip to NY.	
Jun 20 2007	A Good Value in New York Mid-Twon	If you're looking for a good value in New York, with spacious hotel rooms and attentive staff, this is a great location to consider. The other newer alternatives are so much more expensive. Well located between 2nd &amp; 3rd Avenues near Grand Central, and Lexington subway lines, you can get where you need to be from here quickly.The rooms are very large...like having your own apartment, including a very nice sized kitchen. Yes, the decor is dated but my bed was quite comfortable, the room was quiet (I asked for a room at the end of a hallway) and the service is superb. Wi-Fi is $9.95 per day. There's a very serviceable Fitness Room with two stairmasters, one new treadmill, an older model cycling machine and a good weight machine.During my stay, the air conditioner broke down but was quickly and efficiently fixed (although it left an odor of freon for the days thereafter). I decided to live with it. It wasn't terrible. Housekeeping is efficient and very nice.Yes, the bathrooms are tiny and old but the shower was nice, the water was hot, and the bathroom amenities were above average.This hotel is slated for renovation beginning in September, or so the front desk personnel say. Then I expect that, like the other Affinia properties, the price will go up at least $100 per night. Enjoy it now while you can still afford it.	
Jun 17 2007 	Great great geat	We had a great stay here. Never having been to NY before we didn't know what to expect but we were pleasantly surprised. The hotel was great and the location superb, very safe and the staff were fab. Nothing too much trouble. The furnishings were a little dated but servicable, all very clean. A short walk to the subway and good places to eat locally. Would recommend to anyone looking for a reasonably priced place to stay as how much time do you want to spend inside in New York.	
Jun 13 2007 	Eastgreat Tower	We decided to book this hotel purely on other people's good reviews, and the location.Having arrived, we were promptly checked in and given our key.We found our room extremely spacious, and clean.The only thing i could complain about is the dated furniture/duvet cover etc, but thats being fussy. The location of the hotel is ideal (for the price paid) - its only a few minutes walk to Grand Central Station, the Empire State Building, Madison and 5th Avenue. If walking isnt for you - and i think the best way to see New York is by foot - then there are always taxi's driving by.When we checked out, a bell boy kindly stored our luggage for the day (we had an evening flight), and arranged for a taxi to the airport later that day, at a reasponable rate.All in all, we were very pleased with the sevice provided by this hotel, and wouldnt think twice about returning.	
Jun 8 2007 	Was OK But Nothing Great	My wife and I stayed at the Eastgate Towers May 8-12, 2007. The room was very outdated. The furniture was extremely old. The easy chair's arms were worn away from years of use. The two dressers were from the 70's and were also worn and nicked up. Looked like garage sale material for a college dorm. The bed was comfortable but the blanket was full of cigarette burn holes. The carpet was old and worn away from foot traffic. Even the alarm clock was a decade old and didn't operate properly! The kitchenette was not used so I can't comment. The absolute worst part of the room was the bathroom. There was mold on the caulking all around the tub. The floor was old and worn away and the walls had old peeling wallpaper. You didnt want to walk in there barefoot!As for convenience, the subway is about a ten minute walk that I wouldn't want to make in the winter. Cabs pass by quite regularly and the bell hop was nice and helpful. The cleaning maids need to be retrained as they left gargabe next to the bed from the last guest and it remained throughout my stay (grape stems). Overall, I read alot of great reviews on TripAdvisor-thats why I stayed here. I must have got a bad room or the rest of you are liars!	
Jun 5 2007 	Who says New Yorkers are rude???	The employees were SO friendly, the rooms were HUGE and clean, and the maid service was great. You really cannot go wrong staying here!	
Jun 3 2007 	loved the Eastgate Tower!	I stayed at the Eastgate Tower with a large group of girls for a reunion weekend. We wanted to stay somewhere that would accommodate all of us in one room and the two bedroom suite was more than enough space for us. The furniture was a little outdated, but the room was clean and the hotel staff were extremely pleasant and the prices were great! I would definitely stay there again and would recommend it to anyone.	
May 22 2007 	Spacious for NYC but faded	The room was much larger than NYC standard, no claustrophobia. Fixtures were old but in fine shape, and I very much like having a mini-kitchen for breakfast and midnight snack.The bed itself was below average in comfort (also true when I stayed at the Beekman Hotel sister property).The location is several blocks from the nearest subway entrance.	
May 17 2007 	Great hotel in a good location	I just spent 3 nights here on a weekend trip with my boyfriend and it was easily better than most 2 or 3 star hotels I've stayed in. We chose this hotel after reading all the good reviews on TripAdvisor and found an excellent deal on lastminute (£384 each for 3 nights and non-stop return flights from London.)We stayed in a 1 bed studio suite which was very spacious and clean with en-suite bathroom and a small kitchenette. Clean towels and flannels were provided daily along with some excellent toiletries from Judith Jackson Spa (shower gel, soap, facial soap, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, mouthwash) so no need to bring your own! The room was much bigger than we needed for our short stay and would be ideal for people staying more than a week. We were on the 17th floor so it was very quiet - no street noise and no noise from other rooms despite there being lots of children in the neighbouring rooms.The location is within easy walking distance from Grand Central station, giving good access to the rest of New York and is also very close to the Chrysler building and the UN. The area felt very safe to walk around at night.Also close by is the Frontier diner where you can get a decent breakfast (they'll also deliver breakfast to your room for no extra charge). But if you fancy more of a treat, try Pershing Square outside Grand Central. The pancakes were amazing and the waffles were huge. Probably a bit pricey by US standards ($12) but a bit cheaper compared to London, given the sheer size of the food.This was our first time in New York and we were surprised at the short opening hours of most shops and attractions at the weekends (10am - 5pm). This meant we struggled to do more than two things a day. I would definitely recommend going to the Top of the Rock at the Rockefeller Center. The views across the city are much better than from the Empire State building even though it is not as high up.New York didn't turn out to be the amazing city that everyone says it is but if I ever visited again, I would choose this hotel.	
May 17 2007 	Good if it's not hot	My fiancee and I visited the Eastgate this past May9-13th, 2007. We were on the 4th floor in a Queen suite- nothing fancy, but from what I hear, it was renovated recently. Spacious and it had a kitchen. We still had some old furniture and the TV volume faded in and out but I gotta tell ya- the location was great! We were very close to Grand Central Station and the Empire State Building. We spent a lot of time walking around and found tons of attractions nearby. The bed was very comfy and the shower was nice and hot. The staff was courteous and the only complaint I have is that the a/c unit did not work properly. The weather was nice while we were there so we didn't complain, and we spent little of our time in the room. Over all, I would do it again for the price!	
May 13 2007 	Good for Touring NYC	The rooms at Eastgate are clean, spacious, with a kitchenette, and very convenient to all there is to see in NYC. The help was very pleasant and efficient. If you are a light sleeper, I would recommend asking for a room on a higher floor (on the 23rd floor- west side- ) because we heard cars honking their horns from 6:30a.m. onward. The draperies were a bit worn in spots, but, not enough to impact your sleep. Overall, it was a nice hotel in a good location and I would recommmend it.	
May 9 2007 	Great hotel~	Stayed for 1 week April 28 - May 5th. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. Stayed in a 2 bedroom, which was a good value and much bigger than expected especially by New York City standards.Would recommend this hotel for families or larger groups.	
May 8 2007 	Good time at Eastgate	I took my 12-year old daughter and 13-year old niece to NYC for the weekend. We took the subway from JFK to the hotel which was interesting (only $2 each from JFK to Howard Beach to 42nd Street to Grand Central--5 minute walk from there to the hotel--JFK $5 connection was free that day for some reason). Cab ride would've been a $45 flat rate.Our first experience at the Hotel wasn't good...the front desk personwouldn't provide our room at 1:00 pm as it &quot;wasn't ready&quot;. The bellman overheard and volunteered to check the room himself. I think he saw that I had planned to have the girls nap (had been up since 4:00 am) right on the lobby couches until the room was ready and smartly offered to get us in. Not sure why the front desk didn't check to see, but it helps to be persistent. Room was already made up and available. Housekeeping was then great with quickly providing extra linens and towels. The room was very large. We had a &quot;1 bed suite&quot; ($270 first night, $215 second night). It wasn't really a suite with a door to the bedroom, but it had a sitting area as well as a table with 4 chairs. Kitchen was adequate--just used the refrigerator and freezer. Furniture was a bit worn and dated. Blankets provided for the pull-out couch were filled with holes. Bathroom was tiny and not as clean as it could've been. The hairdryerwas especially dirty, and there were several cracks in the mirror andtile. Bed was comfortable and the room was quiet on the 10th floor. The heat didn't seem to work very well, but we were still comfortable. We didn't spend much time in the hotel, so we weren't that fussy. We felt very safe. I had stayed at the Affinia Dumont also in the Murray Hill neighborhood--which was a much more upscale property but a further walk to Grand Central Station. However, prices there have increased significantly. I was very happy with the room and with our stay at Eastgate. The bellman arranged a town car for us back to JFK for a $50 flat rate. Nice driver; enjoyed much better than a cab ride. Kids loved it!The location of this hotel is great--walked to Grand Central Station,Empire State Building, all the great restaurants on 3rd Avenue, TimesSquare, Bryant Park, and even to Rockefeller Centre. Only took 3 cab rides in 3 days. The Gray Line double-decker bus tours are outstanding. You can get on and off at various parts throughout the city (buy tickets online for a $5 savings). Guides are very entertaining. You can start at Times Square and go from there. The girls loved the city, especially the tour of NBC. Our only regrets were not making it out to the Statue of Liberty and wasting time going up to the top of the Empire State Building--too long of a line and the girls were quickly bored. I recommend this hotel for families with kids. Great neighborhood, close to everything, very safe.	
May 7 2007 	Great hotel	Booked a junior suite through Scooch.com - £480.00 for 4 nights for 2 of us - bargain for what we got. Massive room, clean, great location, no noise, fast lifts, friendly staff, hot shower/bath- would go back, no question!	
May 6 2007 	Quality in NYC!	Stayed in the Eastgate for 2 weeks while my apartment was renovated and my experience was wonderful. I booked a full studio suite with living room, and it was clean, up to date and spacious. The Kitchen, which I only used for the freezer, fridge, and microwave, was awesome! it was like living in my apartment, but with maid service. The staff was wonderful and accomodated my requests.Only downside is the cost of internet service, $10 a day or $40ish dollars a week, for what I paid it should be an included amenity, imo.There are restaurants, bars, and stores conveniently located to the hotel, all are pretty good. Also, don't bother taking a cab, just walk to Grand Central (and visit the market!).	
May 3 2007 	Perfect Family/Friends Affair!	I was a bit leary when I saw the $230 price on a room for 4. You can't get anything that cheap, especially with a kitchen. Wow! Were we surprised! There was room for 6, easily. The rooms were clean and smoke-free. Nothing fancy, just clean and comfy. There were two toilets a dining table. I felt like I was at home in the room. The hotel is close enough to Grand Central to quickly get you anywhere in the city. There must be a half-dozen Irish pubs within a stone's throw!! This is the perfect place for a family/friend's getaway. Thestaff were friendly, warm, and helpful. I will come back.	
May 2 2007 	Great Experience at Eastgate Tower	I booked Eastgate Tower after reading many reviews online. My wife and I stayed for 3 days/2 nights. I was originally a little worried about walking to/from the hotel at night, but the walk from Grand Central to Eastgate was only about 10-12 minutes. It's about 3 blocks south and 4-5 blocks east of Grand Central Station (we travelled mostly by subway around the city). The best route (especially at night) was simply walking up 3rd ave. and then over 42nd st. to Grand Central. It was fairly populated and well lit at night. Take the shuttle (subway) to Times Square and you can go anywhere in NYC.The hotel was very spacious and clean. It wasn't the Ritz, but for $135 a night I thought I got my money's worth and more! We didn't need any help from the staff, so I can't really comment on them.I have nothing negative to say about my experience. I would stay at the hotel again! Especially if I were to take the kids.	
May 1 2007 	Excellent suite hotel	Needed a place for 5 adults in central NY and this place hit the spot. This is a 25 storey, all-suite hotel (meaning all rooms have separate living/lounge area) in the Murray Hill part of town on East 39th st between 2nd + 3rd Avenue. We had a 2 bedroom suite (1 with 2 double beds + 1 with 2 singles) plus a queen size settee pull-out in the lounge. This lounge was 33ft by 14ft plus a separate fully equipped kitchenette at the end. TVs in all the rooms and a bathroom for each bedroom. Taking the recommendation of an earlier Tripadvisor, we went for an upper floor to escape some of the traffic noise, although, because it is between avenues there is much less traffic going past the hotel - something to bear in mind if you're looking at hotels on the busy Avenues in NY.The reception area is small but the staff were very helpful and there is a smart Italian restaurant next door which supplies room service if requested.It's within walking distance of UN building/Grand Central station and there are great places for breakfast such as Snappys or Frontier (eggs bendedict) on 40 th or the Diner on 45st between 2nd + 3rd. They also have room variations to cater for couples etc. Overall a winner!	
May 1 2007 	Great Find!	What a great Hotel. Huge rooms, very clean and a very central location. I got an excellent price on Travelocity so booked a Queen Studio for a weekend. The purpose of the trip was to spend time in NYC and meet friends visiting from Australia. They booked the same Hotel and I was concerned that they might be unhappy with it and I would feel some responsibility. It was more important for them to be happy as they were spending 9 nights there. They had a one bedroon suite and were delighted with it. Huge living room with dining table, arm chairs and a pull out sleeper, bedroom with 2 queen beds, full size kitchen, and adequate bathroom. Closets and drawers galore! Both of us couldn't be more satisified and I would highly recommend this Hotel to anyone who wants to visit NYC.	
Apr 29 2007 	Wonderful bang for your buck	We booked the hotel through Quikbook in late April for an amazing New York rate of $160 a night for four nights. What a value. Large rooms, clean, good location near Grand Central Station. The staff is very helpful. I could go on but at current New York hotel rates this place is a terrific choice.	
Apr 21 2007 	Great Value in Manhattan!	We had a great experience here. I was a bit wary, considering the extremely affordable rate, but was pleasantly surprised. The room is not lush by any means, but it suited us fine. I had a couple of nit-picky issues with dust on the tv and closet shelves, but was satisfied with overall cleanliness.  We were happy with the size of the room and the kitchenette was such a bonus for us. The downside of having a kitchenette is that our neighbors decided to cook curry one night and the smell was invasive...wish they would've invited us over :)We were happy with the location. Many restaurants nearby as well as a D'Agastino grocery just around the corner on 3rd Ave. It's just a few blocks to the subway at Grand Central so its easy to go anywhere in the city. And what a view of the Chrysler building as you head towards GC.Our only headache here was miscommunication between Orbitz and the hotel. We paid for 5 nights but Orbitz told Eastgate we were staying 4 nights. Reservations Manager Donna was extremely helpful and prompt in resolving the issue. Lucky for us our room was available for the last night. We give this hotel a thumbs up!	
Apr 20 2007 	Great place!	Great place for extended stay in NYC and for families! We stayed there from April 12th-17th. The staff was very friendly. The studio had plenty of room for 2 adults and our 7 month old daughter. They even have a crib and a highchair available with no extra charge. The hotel was quiet and you couldn't even hear the other guests in their rooms, unless you stood out in the hallway. I will definitely come back again!	
Apr 18 2007 	plenty of space	i agree with what others have said. large clean rooms with small kitchen useful for us to have cereal and toast in the morning.about a five minute walk to grand central subway.quiet location.plenty of bars and cafes nearby.	
Apr 15 2007 	Perfect hotel for a family	Stayed here recently for three days with my wife, two kids and an infant and had a great experience in every aspect.Service:We arrived from with the red eye from Ca so we were at the hotel at 7:00am. Not only did they let us into our room, they upgraded us to a junior suite free of charge. everybody was extra kind and helpful starting with the bell boy through the reception and the room service. every request was answered very quickly and efficiently (extra towels, making the sofabed, crib etc.). Room:we got a junior suite on the 18th floor. The room is huge not just in NY standards. it has a queen bed, and a sleeper sofa that even when open still leaves a huge space for the kids to play around. the kitchen is fully equipped and very helpful with the kids. the bath is a decent size with good pressure from the shower which is not always common in NY. the furniture and design is not philip stark, but everything looks clean and well maintained. The room has a very large window which brings in a lot of light and the view is quite nice (facing north). The room was very quiet.Location:The hotel is locatred on 39th street between 2nd and 3rd avenue. I personally think there are not that many bad locations in NY, and that goes for the eastgate as well. its convenient for getting in and out of the city (very close to the mid town tunnel), 5 minute walk to grand central and all the subway connections, 5-15 minute walk to 5th avenue and rockfellar centre, and the empire state building. 20-25 minute walk to times square and central park. btw - the japanese restaurant adjacent to the hotel has excellent sushi.Since this vacation was planned well in advance, we got all this at a really good price. Also, i will mention that i have stayed recently at the affinia manhattan on business and had a very good experience as well (although i prefer the eastgate location).	
Apr 13 2007 	Good location - plenty of space	Most positive aspect was size of rooms. We booked a room with 2 queen beds for adults + 2 children. It is the largest room I have ever had in NY (compared to Marriott, Sheraton, Waldorf)Room also had a small kitchenVery clean. Friendly staffGood location, not too noisy (on the 20th floor)	
Mar 31 2007 	Not up to Affinia standards but not bad for NYC	Stayed at the Eastgate Tower recently for two nights while on business in Midtown. Have stayed at other Affinia properties and was a bit worried about this one given the rate I got. It was about what I expected -- a little more shabby/run-down than other Affinia properties, but in the same mold as the Surrey: spacious room, full galley-style kitchen, and clean but somewhat dated-looking furnishings and decor. I would definitely consider it on future trips to this client, as it's convenient to them, and if I ever get a chance to bring the family to the city I might give it a shot -- not the most convenient location for being a tourist, but for space and value for money it might be hard to beat.	
Mar 29 2007 	Nice and comfortable hotel	I stayed at this hotel in September 2006 when I had business at the UN. Eastgate Tower was in a great location. The weather was nice, so I walked over to the UN every day. My studio room was clean and had a good amount of space. I loved that it had a fridge, stove and dishes. It saved me from having to head out for every single meal. Within walking distance of lots of little restaurants and some shops. I would definitely stay here again. Clean and comfortable place at a nice price, compared to the rest.	
Mar 29 2007	Good Location Plenty of Space Just what we needed	Just returned from a week in New York, staying at the Eastgate Tower. Excellent location on 39th and 3rd with easy access to all the sites and Grand Central Station. It felt very safe walking about at night, but we were only 2 blocks from the UN so that might have had something to do with it.We had a one bed apartment and as I travelled with my sister and didn't fancy sharing a bed with her, I slept on the double sofa bed - it was the most comfortable bed too! The room was very spacious, clean and had everything we needed. Definitely recommend having a kitchen so you can do your own thing instead of eating out all the time. There were plenty of &quot;order in&quot; options locally too.The decor was a bit 80s, but the furnishings weren't that old. View wasn't much but we didn't choose the hotel for its view.Lovely staff, if a bit slow. I had to ask 3 times for my sofa bed to be made up and 3 times for an extra blanket, but we got there in the end. It didn't detract from the stay at all.Would definitely stay here again. Lots of eateries within a block or two. Docks Seafood Bar on 3rd &amp; 40th was expensive, but very good. Frontier Restaurant on the fcorner of 39th &amp; 3rd was excellent low priced, wide choice - great breakfasts! Also, plenty of mini marts and grocery stores to stock up the kitchen!	
Mar 24 2007 	FRIENDLY STAFF	i booked a four day trip to New York for my husbands 50th brithday and found Eastgate Tower i checked on tripadvisor which was getting some good reviews. I was not disappointed, not one of the biggest named hotel in New York but probably the friendliest. The rooms were clean and spacious and was very surprised by how little noise you could hear. As it was my husbands birhtday, he took his birthday cards with him and put them up in the room, when we got back after a day out there was a note, saying that the maid had noticed the cards and please except a bottle of wine and chocolates as a pressent, we both felt this was a nice touch and will hopefully return to this hotel one day.	
Mar 23 2007 	Perfect !	Stayed at this hotel for 1 week in March. I was a bit nervous before I went as I didn't really know what to expect. My husband and 18month old baby were also with me. It turned out to be just perfect especially the facilities necessary for a baby. The suite was so spacious and bedroom was huge. Cot and high chair were supplied. Kitchen had all the facilities necessary but pots and pans were limited if you intend to cook and also there was no kettle. Other than that is was super, couldn't have asked for more. It was very clean and the room service was fantastic. There was room for 6 people to stay in our suite, 2 double beds and a pull out couch. Also iron and ironing board were supplied and hair dryer in bathroom. We were on the 18th floor and had a great view of the Empire State and the rest of the buildings around. 5 minutes walk to Grand Central Station, nice little places around to eat especially 'The Frontier' on the corner of 3rd ave and 39th st, great for breakfast or lunch. Staff were helpful and doorman v. friendly. Restaurant next door which we ordered in from one night, very handy if unable to go out for a meal. If you want to be in the heart of the city, I would highly recommend the East Gate. It is not luxurious but has all the facilities.Anne,Steve &amp; Sean. IRELAND	
Mar 20 2007 	Perfect place to stay	Could'nt fault the hotel, does exactly what it says 'on the tin'. We were looking for a quite place to sleep after being out all day,which it was perfect for.Location fine as again safe quiet area within walking (easy) distanceof most places/transport points.Enjoyed early (7- 8am) breakfasts in local diners (Sarges and Murrey Hill Diner) which sets you up for a full days sightseeing.Special mention to the staff who were all very friendly and enjoyed talking about 'their' town and reccomending places to go.Would stay again- which says it all.	
Mar 8 2007 	Will definitely go back	The staff was friendly, room service was great, and best of all - it was very clean. I will definitely go back. The only thing that could have been better - bed was uncomfortable - cheap mattress.	
Mar 3 2007 	Clean and Comfortable	These are VERY large rooms -- clean and comfortable -- but not luxurious. The kitchens in the junior suites are fully stocked with microwave, stove, and full-size refrigerator. Some of the staff are very friendly, while others are rather rude. A GREAT bargain when I stayed ($150/night), but prices are higher in the summer. A little far from the subway. The elevator occasionally breaks down, leading to long waits on high floors. End rooms are fairly quiet. Individual rooms can control the heat and A/C. Windows open for fresh air.	
Mar 2 2007	Great for long stays	I was finding it very difficult to get a reasonable rate for any hotel in New York city for the weekend even though it was the middle of winter. I eventually booked a flight/hotel package through Orbitz (word of warning: you are pretty much guaranteed to get a middle seat on the plane!). The Eastgate was great value for money. The room was twice the size of an average New York city hotel and there was a small kitchenette (stove, oven, microwave, sink, toaster, mini fridge). There are a couple of convenience stores near the hotel. The wifi access is not free but cheap ($10 per day). I thought the bathroom was in need of an upgrade and the furnishings in the room are not the best quality, but in general our stay was peaceful and incident free. We arrived off a red eye flight and the staff were very accommodating in finding us a room as quickly as possible. The location of the hotel is not &quot;ideal&quot; but it is only a few blocks from grand central station and the bus on 34th street takes you right to the Javits convention center (travel time is about 20 minutes to Javits). There were plenty of cabs nearby and we never had a problem getting around. There were a group of students checking out when we arrived, and I think this hotel is popular for groups who are on a budget. I would recommend this hotel for families because it is in a safe area, the rooms are spacious and you have the option of self-catering.	
Feb 26 2007	Stellar Experience!	Stayed at the Eastgate Tower Hotel from February 22-25 and it lived up to all the rave reviews. The rooms were a good size, very spacious and more amenities than we really needed. The kitchen came in handy for keeping the beers cold and warming up leftovers. The staff were incredibly helpful and almost too friendly. Anything we needed they were more than happy to help us out, whether it was fixing the running toilet or pointing us in the right direction for a good meal. The toilet did actually run, but when we brought it to the attention of the front desk someone was in our room within minutes to take care of it. Cant beat that!The location was great, and it was nice to be slightly off the beaten path. Great food right around the hotel - really enjoyed the egg sandwiches at the little European cafe on 2nd Ave. Killer pizza just down the street too. Everything was within walking distance. Grand Central was less than a ten minute walk away and from there everything is just a $2 subway ride away. We actually took the trains to the hotel from JFK and did the same on the way out, and for $7 each way it couldnt be beat.Overall, my girlfriend and I were very happy with our stay and wouldnt hesitate to stay in this hotel again.	
Feb 21 2007	Best hotel we've stayed in!	Family of four from UK.Reading other reviews we knew the rooms were large, but it still gave us a fantastic supprise to see how spacious the rooms were. We have 2 children aged 10 and 9 and they had the 2 queen size beds in the bedroom, with their own tv, and we had the sofa bed in the lounge with plenty of peace and quiet. We were on the 24th floor and had great views of the Empire State Building from the bedroom, kitchen and bathroom. What a way to start the day with a shower looking out at the Empire State Building! We had great fun when we visited the ESB spotting our hotel!The room was very clean and cleaned each day and although the furniture is dated it is clean and nothing was broken or tatty. We heard no noise from other rooms or the corridors and for New York felt even the traffic was quiet.The staff were extremly friendly and helpful and the place is in a great location with a short walk to Grand Central station to easily get around. We highly recommend the Frontier diner for breakfast and snacks.I've stayed many times in New York, normally near Times Square, and have heard all the traffic noise and hotel noise in tiny rooms. Never again, from now on we will stay at this hotel.	
Feb 17 2007	Fantastic and huge room	Stayed from Thursday 8th to Monday 12th February for my 30th.Well, I couldn't fault this hotel. Had such an enjoyable stay. We were only a couple of blocks from Grand Central station. Plus you have a place to grab breakfast on the corner of the block and numerous other places nearby. There was also a mcdonalds about 100 metres from the hotel for all you die hard fans, a supermarket around the corner, say 200 metres, plus a Duane Reade on the corner of the block. There are also plenty of other amenties nearby.Can't believe how close the hotel is to attractions, i walked to the rockerfeller centre from there plus the libary. The room in the hotel was huge, we had a junior suite and it was definately ample, you could swing a thousand cats. The queen bed was huge plus you have a queen sofa bed. The kitchenette had all the utensils needed and an ample sized fridge/freezer. The bathroom is big enough, i would say its about 6foot by 6 foot. The towels were changed everyday and new shampoo's added. Would definately stay here again and have recommened it to friends. The reception lady although didn't catch her name was also a very nice.	
Feb 16 2007 	Very good deal!	I found the hotel on the web and booked directly with the property: booking was easy and when we arrived the staff at the front desk was very helpful and corteous. We were 3 adults and two children (one of which only a few months old) and we stayed in the hotel for more than three weeks. Our stay was very pleasant and confortable, the room was spacious even for the kids who had to spend a lot of time inside, due to the bad weather conditions. The location is particularly good for people who have to do business but also for tourists. We had a great experience and I would recommend the hotel to anyone who has to stay in NYC, even those who are in for a longer stay or those who are relocating to the city and need a temporary place (which was our case).	
Jan 31 2007	What a great place to stay.	We booked direct through Affinia and asked for a 2 bedroom suite(smoking) on high floor but when we arrived reception said we had been allocated a non-smoking room! I remonstrated politely and we were found a smoking room immediately on 11th floor. 11G was huge with a twin room and a room with 2 queens. 2 bathrooms, a massive lounge area with a dining table, sofa and 2 armchairs and a decent sized kitchen ( no kettle though, but we used a pan to boil water for our tea. (Take some tea bags as the americans seem to like very weak tea! ). Plenty of cupboard space and hangers.Hardly any traffic noise but I always use ear plugs on holiday.Great location. Only 10 minute walk to Grand Central. Get a metrocard for bus and subway $24 for 7 days, cheaper for a shorter stay. Subway better than buses. Frontier diner on corner of E.39th and 3rd is just ok. Pizza menu in room, free delivery to hotel is great.Order a small (6 pieces) and see if 2 of you can eat it all!!All the staff good but Jenniffer especially. She knows her stuff and is a gem.So helpful and friendly.Recommend Garage Restaurant 99 7th Ave. Jazz bar/restaurant. Great food and atmosphere and waitress Sarah C. a joy. Pacific Grill at South Street Sea Port. Everything half price when we went on Sat 20th Jan.Borgo Antico 22 E.13th St. fantastic Italian. Would definitely stay at Eastgate again	
Jan 29 2007 	Loved the Eastgate Tower Hotel	The hotel staff was super friendly, very helpful and accommodating. Everyone was wonderful...it seemed that everyone enjoyed their job and was very friendly to the guests. The Eastgate Tower is a very family-friendly hotel and we will definitely stay there again. The Eastgate will be the 1st hotel we check for availability the next time we are in NYC. Conveniently located...in a gorgeous neighborhood, restaurants are every where. We were so close to the Grand Central Station and the subway as well as easy to hail a cab. We so enjoyed our visit to the EASTGATE HOTEL. Nothing fancy but very CLEAN and COMFORTABLE.	
Jan 16 2007	Will definitely stay again.	Our family (2 adults and 4 kids) stayed in a one-bedroom superior suite. Fantastic value. Tons of space. Nearest subway is a good 10 minute walk away. But that is the ONLY prob. Alex at the front desk and Patrick the doorman were incredibly helpful! Will definitely come back.	
Jan 16 2007	Fantastic for the price	We got an excellent rate through Orbitz, and we were really happy with this hotel. If you like walking, it's an easy walk to Times Square, Central Park, 5th Avenue shops, etc., and the subway is also close by. Considering the prices of most other hotels in NYC, this hotel was really cheap, and so I was a little worried. But when we arrived, we checked right in, dropped our car off with the valet parking ($34 a day), and were in our room in under 10 minutes. The room was really spacious and clean -- nothing fancy, but just fine. Water pressure in the shower was great, and the bed was comfy. The kitchenette had everything you would need to cook meals (although we didn't use it). The staff were also very friendly and helpful. All in all, it was a great stay!	
Jan 9 2007 	Fantastic Value	Booked a non-smoking queen studio suite, but was placed in a dual queen suite. Wonderful amounts of space. The furniture is dated, but pleasant, clean, and not worn. Wireless internet access is an extra charge, and is acceptable speed but couldn't access my Afghanistan e-mail account. Good location for the business I had at the UN. A few very minor problems -- peeling paint on bathroom windowsill, cigarette burn in a chair, and putty needed by the sink. Like a previous reviewer I thought the curtain couldn't close, but then saw there was a vinyl curtain behnd it. This was very effective in blocking light. Noise wasn't bad on the 22nd floor. As other posters mentioned, I found the staff courteous and helpful. The size of the room completely covered any drawbacks.	
Jan 7 2007 	Spacious but not most convenient	I am giving this an average because this is NYC, if it were Dallas or Chicago it would be an okay. Very spacious rooms, we stayed at two hotels in NYC and would probably not stay here again. You are 4 blocks from Grand Central which to me was a major detriment. On the other hand, This is a place for traveler's who need space, are with family, or are planning on being in NYC for more than a few days and do not want to feel cramped. HUGE closet space, kitchenettes with fridge, and dishware. The linens were lacking in quality and the room had an underlayment of funk. For example, there was a chair that had a deep white stain, from what I have no Idea. However, the room was quite clean other than that. I know ,sounds oxymoronic, but it is hard to explain. I would relate this hotel to a Motel Six, still a good value for the money, just not for us. NOTE: the pics on trip advisor are much more reflective of the actual hotel rather than the travel websites. Benefits; huge rooms for NYC standards, kitchenette with fridge &amp; coffeemaker, hot water, decent (not great) towels, good for people with kids or teenagers. actually had a view, friendly staff.Detriments: not the most convenient to metros, weird funk/feel, no ice on floor, had to go downstairs or order from housekeeping, elevators very busy, so we always took service elevator or stairs. bed linens not the best, only one nightstand (drove my wife nuts), curtains did not close.	
Dec 24 2006 	Stayed 9 days -- wanted to stay longer	We needed either two hotel rooms or a 1 bedroom suite. The EastGate's price in June 2006 was $239/night. A price I haven't seen on subsequent visits to NYC -- it is the first hotel I check.Having a kitchen and dining room table enabled us to eat breakfast in our room every day -- saving the cost and the hassle of getting everyone ready at the same time.The beds were comfortable. Room very quiet. Shower hot. (That about sums up my needs!	
Dec 12 2006	Simply Wonderful	Post-Thanksgiving 2006, 3 days. We reserved a queen studio suite (which was plenty of room for what we needed) and were amazed to find that we had been upgraded to what has to be described as a home: a two bedroom, two bath suite with a fully-equipped kitchen, full dining area and large living room. We took full advantage of being in the most exciting city on earth during Holiday time--the tree lighting at Rockefeller Center, ice skating, shopping, and more; and, then we came &quot;home&quot; to the Affinia Eastgate Tower Suites Hotel. We were always pleasantly greeted by the doorman or front desk staff, and the parking attendant was courteous and efficient (and the parking rates are quite reasonable for NYC). We were delighted by the cleanliness of the property and our suite, nearly miraculous because the housekeeping staff was virtually invisible. Every detail was addressed before we even had to ask. When it was time to leave, we were able to print our boarding passes with the computer in the lobby for a nominal charge. The views are nice, the elevators are quick, and the location is superb! Our stay: Simply wonderful.	
Dec 1 2006 	Perfect for those on a budget	Hotels in NYC are notoriously expensive for something decent. Eastgate however is well priced, reasonably well placed, and the facilities are very good for those travellers on a budget.We stayed a total of five nights (as a party of 6), and to be honest i cant really fault the place. The staff were courteous and helpful, the rooms were clean and the facilities are all you need. My only gripe would be that the sofa bed wasnt really that comfortable!If we go back to NYC, we WILL be stopping here again, and thats probably all you need to know.	
Nov 21 2006 	1st visit to New York and this hotel and it won't be my last !!!!!	2nd Nov 2006I stayed in a queen bed suite and it was a great room with everything I needed, I was throughly spoilt.Excellent value for the room and the wonderful service we got.I can recommend the Il Sorgno which is part of the hotel.The staff are very friendly and cannot do enough for you.Kay Lovell, London.UK	
Nov 7 2006	Spacious Clean Convenient	The Eastgate Tower is perfect for anyone who wants a lot of space in New York and all the amenities of home. I stayed in a Junior Suite for 4 nights, and had more than enough room to eat, work and sleep. So different from my room at the W, where I could hardly walk around my bed! Bathroom is quite small, but the rest of the room makes up for that lack of space. Wireless internet at $9.95/day is reasonable too. It's not a luxury hotel by any means, and definitely feels more like an apartment building, but for those who are staying for a few nights or longer, and particularly for families, it is a perfect stay.	
Oct 31 2006	outstanding cheap hotel	me and the wife stayed at this hotel march 06this was the 3rd time to the city and found this a great hotelok there was some bad points 1 only one lift was working so there was a bit of a Q to use it, we allways walked down the stairs when going out and the staff would let us use the service lift when lobby was busy.2 The first room we was given was not cleaned ,bit of a mix up and was given a upgraded room.even with the two bad point the staff was so helpful it felt like home by the end of the week .rooms was largest we have stayed in for newyork and cleaned daily the kithen was great for making snacks / coffee The location was good if you wont to doo some shoping and a short walk away grandcentral staion and gate way to the city we are planing to go back to newyork next christmas and this is where we are going to stay again	
Oct 30 2006 	Don't worry about a thing	My friend and I and our three daughters (14,16,20) stayed in room 22G (2 bedroom suite) at The Eastgate this half term (21st to 28th October).When we arrived we had dropped off various parties via the Shuttle bus from Newark airport. They all seemed to be staying at very glossy-fronted establishments and when we saw The Eastgate we thought &quot;ordinary, nice-ish, passable but not glossy&quot;. However the minute we saw our suite we changed our minds. It VASTLY exceeded oue expectations! I snore, so took the smaller bedroom (big!) My girls were more than happy to share the huge lounge sofabed. My friend and her daughter took the bigger bedroom. We had loads of space-and that includes cupboards and hanging space. There were 2 little bathrooms each with a hairdryer (bath AND shower). The little kitchen was much used, and had everything we needed. The available space was fantastic. We enjoyed being together but not &quot;confined&quot;. Location was great. Sadly my 20 year old's phone went unexplicably missing from her bedside( was using it as an alarm clock ). The verdict remains open on that one. The staff were as helpful as they could be in the circumstances. The view from front and back windows was excellent. The Trend Cafe is a great Deli opposite The Frontier Diner on the corner.Cleanliness was first class -I had to mop a flood in the bathroom and the white towel used did not register one speck of dirt! It was pristine after the mopping up!Everyone was nice and I would recommend this hotel. I had been to NY before but my hotel was not half as good- snooty beyond belief and my face didn't fit, along with crummy accommodation. This was so much better.	
Oct 27 2006 	Great hotel in a great location	My husband, myself and 4 other family members have just returned from a short break in New York.We stayed at Eastgate Tower and just wanted to say what a good hotel this turned out to be!From the moment we were warmly welcomed on our arrival to when we were transported back to JFK in a comfortable people carrier (arranged by the hotel), we felt well looked after.The rooms are large, comfortable, extremely clean and the location could not be bettered - within easy walking distance of Grand Central Station, Empire State, Times Square etc.With hotel prices on the rise, we feel this hotel offers real value for money and we would certainly recommend it to future visitors to New York.We shall certainly use this hotel again for any subsequent visits.	
Oct 4 2006	Basic Hotel good location	Stayed here for 1 night. The hotel is clean and neat. It looks like a former apartment building that had been converted to a hotel. The room was large -- with a kitchen. Everything worked fine -- toilet, fridge, shower, A/C, etc. It lacks the niceties of the nearby Affinia properties -- no pillow menu, no fancy toiletries, no fresh fruit and juice in the lobby. Small, lobby -- can get crowded quickly if 3 or 4 people are there with baggage. Just a large, clean NY hotel room. It is in a good location near a lot of restaurants and stores.	
Sep 18 2006 	Price and size are right!	This is NOT one of NYC's most elegant hotels, but the rooms are spacious, the stafffriendly and helpful, the location is terrific, and the price is more reasonable than most. We just returned from a 3-night stay in a two bedroom suite. This is the second time in the last year that we have rented a 2-bedroom suite at the Eastgate Tower. The living room is huge, each bedroom has its own bathroom, and there is a basic but adequate kitchen, complete with dishes, silverware, dishwasher, stove, microwave, toaster, and full-sized refrigerator. They have wi-fi access in the rooms for $9.95 a day -- it worked well.I was in NYC on business, and shared the two bedroom suite with a work colleague, as it was cheaper than two rooms and you get more space. We shopped for breakfast foods in a great grocery store a block away, and ate a couple of lunches in a terrific American diner on the corner.The furniture is a bit shabby, and the beds could be more comfortable though are tolerable. But everything has been very clean, and the hotel staff very friendly and service-oriented. This hotel won't work for you if you require elegance and a touch of luxury, but if you want some space, clean bathrooms, and a kitchen in a safe neighborhood a short walk from Grand Central, it is a good and economical choice.	
Sep 7 2006 	Not Great at all!!	My three girlfriends and I stayed here over labor day weekend. We picked this hotel because it would accomodate all of us comfortably. I will start with the good parts: The rooms are VERY spacious and the staff (well just one concierge in particular) was very helpful. Bad: although spacious, the rooms were dirty and majorly outdated. The carpet was grungy, the fridge smelled of rubbish, the television had white dots floating accross the screen, the dressers wouldn't open and the plastic coating was peeling off and dirty. Our view was of some poor people's apartment building next door(poor because of us feeling like we were constatly staring at them). The location is alright-not great. The hotel restaurant was closed indefinetly. I didn't want to walk the halls late at night for fear of what would be around the next corner. The gym is ill-equipped and outdated. They didn't give us pillows or sheets for the pullout couch and when we asked to have bedding brought up they brought two top sheets and no pillows. Then I called and asked to bring some extra pillows and we were brought ONE.	
Aug 31 2006	Surpassed all expections	We loved this hotel! We had no idea what to expect, but relied on the reviews written on this site. We were more than pleasantly surprised that it exceeded all expectations. Three of us stayed in a 2-queen bed suite and had PLENTY of room. The location was great (very near Grand Central Station) and the staff was very helpful and friendly, going out of their way to make sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed. I can't imagine staying anywhere else in NYC.	
Aug 8 2006	Best stay yet........	This was my 9th trip to New York City, and the best stay yet. I was totally and fabulously impressed by this hotel. From the very helpful &amp; friendly staff, to the spacious, clean, comfortable suites. I will definitely stay at this hotel again!!Grand Central Station is only 5 blocks away but a beautiful walk along the way. Restarants in the area are numerous and wonderful variety of cuisine.Thumbs up to this hotel, all the way!	
Aug 4 2006 	Great location with teen	I just returned from a weeks stay at the Eastgate with my 13-year-old daughter. The location is perfect if you like to sleep soundly at night, and don't mind a one to two block walk to the bus. My daughter and I went non-stop day and night (late), and I always felt safe returning late. This summer had record highs in the city, but the lobby and room were always cool and comfortable. The staff, too, was really helpful with directions, and information that helped us get to the NJ airport safely on the last morning.	
Jun 21 2006	Great location and space	We have just returned from a week in New York, where we stayed at the Eastgate Tower Suite hotel. Having stayed in NY before, we were expecting small cramped accomodation. However, we were pleasantly surprised to find that the room (queen sized) was very large and spaceous. We were located on the 24th floor which afforded a nice view of the surrounding skyscrapers. The location was perfect for visiting the main tourist attractions in Manhattan on foot, e.g. Central Park, UN building, 5th Avenue, Empire State building, Grand Central Station etc. The hotel staff were pleasant and friendly and the rooms were clean and well featured, also the price was very reasonable for the area. The only downsides to the hotel are that the decor is slightly dated, and it is a few blocks from a subway station. However, given its great location and low price, we wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone.	
Jun 15 2006	Really disliked the Eastgate Hotel	We have just returned from the Eastgate Hotel NYC and the hotel was horrible. The location was okay but the clieanliness was poor and decore seemed to be from the 1960'sand completely tacky. The lobby was nice but as soon as you go past this it all went downhill from there. There was only one lift working which caused caos when new guests arrived with luggage etc.. so we used the stairway for most of the four days there.We spent €650.00 for 3 nights accomodation which was one standard room with kitchentte. It reminded me more of a hostel than a hotel. I did go to reception and complain the first night but if I wanted a different type of room it would have cost another $140 per night and the only difference in the room is that the bedroom was seperate to kitchen. They did however change my room the next day to a standard room on a different floor which was cleaner. The hotel looked completely different than the pictures on their website and I really was disappointed. I really dont think this hotel is good value for money and unfortunitely there was no rooms available in any of the other hotels we tried the first night we arrived or we would have changed hotels and tried getting our money back afterwards. We did price some better hotels while there for our next trip and would not have paid much more if at all for them!	
Jun 4 2006	Mixed feelings......	We stayed for 3 nights last week. On arrival, I was very disappointed as I felt it did not really resemble photographs I had seen on their website and our room was nothing like the floor plan. The reception area/lounge was very small and the corridor felt dingy. I had requested a room on a high floor but, presumably, the studio appartments are all low down as we were given floor 5. I was disappointed as the room was smaller than I expected and tatty in places e.g. cupboard handles were missing Having said that, the room was very clean and the beds were very comfortable, so really that's what's most important. The reception staff were also very nice, but I did not like the bellboy, Louis, as he was most unhelpful whenever I asked him anything about transportation or using the phone.Location wise it was fairly good. We were able to walk a few blocks to Grand Central Station where we took the subway downtown, we were also able to walk to Macy's etc easily. I don't feel that our studio suite offered great value for money as it was essentially a standard hotel room with a sink, microwave, oven &amp; fridge along one wall. The floor plan gave the impression that we would have a separate kitchen area and also some arm chairs. The other suites may be better but I don't know if I would stay there again.	
May 24 2006	Great place	We stayed here for 9 nights and were very happy about this place. I had used a lot of time ahead of our trip to try to fint a decent One bedroom apartment. We finally decided for this one - and we didn't regret it.I agree with other reviews in here that it is a bit dated, but very spacious!!!We would absoulutly stay here again!Loaction is great, in walking distance from everything.And being a foreigner in New Yourk city having such a big apartment made it possible to feel like I live here for a week :) Big bedroom, two bathrooms!.	
May 15 2006	Holiday inn type room in great location at relatively great price.	Stayed here for 2 days with my wife for a brief New York vacation. The room was fine, but basically kind of old and in need of updating - needs new carpet, etc. This was like staying at an average holiday inn. We got a junior suite because it was only a few dollars more than a regular room, and it was very roomy, especially for New York. The price was great at about 200 per night when other hotels in the area were all well into the 300 and 400+ neighborhood. This place is great if you want an excellent midtown location and you don't plan on spending much time in the room and don't care about a fancy hotel and fancy room, and you want to save some cash. If you want to have a nice luxurious hotel experience, don't stay here, but plan on paying more - a lot more. I gave this 3 stars, because it is a very plain basic place and for that reason, doesn't deserve any more than that. However, if what you want out of your New York trip is to have a decent, though not great, hotel room in a great location at a great price, I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 14 2006	Great hotel	I was very pleased with the Eastgate Tower. Having gone to school in NYC, I appreciated the nice size of our room - which I think was larger than some of my apartments in NYC. We choose the basic suite and had a queen bed, table for two, and fully functioning kitchen and nice bath. Cover of the bed was a little worn, but the room was very clean. We were on the 2nd floor so we did hear some street noise, but not enough to bother us. I stuck my head into the fitness room and it looked to be pretty nice as well. Staff both coming and leaving were warm and welcoming. We arrived late and decided to grab a bite to eat at the hotel's resaurant next to the lobby. We had an excellent dinner and the staff there was also great. Very attentive and accomodating to us and other diners there. All in all we had a great stay and I would definately return.	
May 9 2006	An Excellent Location to explore New York	We stayed at the Eastgate Tower between 26 and 30 April 2006, and it was great. Two couples went, and we had one of the big two bedroom/two bathroom suites. It was clean, well equipped and quiet. We were on the 8th floor, so were most likely to get traffic noise if there was any, but the only thing we heard was the local fire engine going about its duties occasionally. The kitchen area, complete with dishwasher, was a real bonus. All the staff were very friendly and helpful, and I would certainly go to the Eastgate again. This was our first time in New York and I had wondered from other reviews of the Eastgate if we were going to be miles away from everything. We wern't. None of us are in our first flush of youth, but we walked almost everywhere safely day and night. Grand Central; Empire State; Times Square; United Nations; Central Park, and Macys were easily reached on foot. We did get a tour bus (well worth it) Downtown and broke the journey to &quot;do&quot; Brooklyn Bridge, etc. There was a 90 minute wait for the ferry to land on the Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island, so we went on the free Staten Island Ferry which passes close by - a much better option, and the views of Downtown on the way back are stunning. One thing we British are used to at home is easily accessible loos when we are out and about. I had read there were none in New York, but they are there if you look in all the places named above. Eating wasn't a problem, and the Townhouse Diner at 2nd Ave and 38th Street can be highly recommended.The flight to/from Gatwick/Newark was good, and the Supershuttle from the airport was a free tour of New York. As there were four of us we took a taxi back to Newark which cost the same as going by train from Penn Central.We had a splendid short break; the people of New York were friendly and I would certainly go again - and to the Eastgate.	
May 5 2006	A little worn but large rooms	Just stayed here for two nights. The hotel is a little worn, furniture in the room was a bit outdated and the bedding also not newer but the room (1 bedroom suite) was very large, had two bathrooms (one of which definitely needed some help), and the full kitchen. The room was clean and service was very helpful. Location is not too bad, easily within walking distance to Grand Central which is a plus.	
May 1 2006	grea place to stay. will be back	loved everything about this hotel. for new york standards a great bargain.i think this hotel use to be an apartment building. nice size rooms.doorman was nice ,front desk clerk was nice. stayed at the murray hill east last month was disappointed in the service.east gate tower was great	
Apr 25 2006	Great location; great room	We booked this hotel at the last minute because another hotel that I'd booked using hotels.com looked like it was going out of business (long story). We wanted a suite since we have three teenagers and wanted to be in mid-town and walking distance to Times Square, Grand Central, etc. This little gem worked out beautifully for us! The room was huge and clean and bright and wondderful. Since we were only there two days and one night there wasn't need for the kithcen but I can imagine it would have been useful for a longer stay. We had to wait several hours before checking in so we were able to leave our bags with the bell captain and went out and explored. We were on the 20th (?) floor and the kids loved the view! Two huge bedrooms (one with double/double and the other with two twins), two bathrooms, a HUGE living room with dining area, sleeper sofa, TV and desk, and a good sized kitchen. Great value. Great location.	
Apr 24 2006	Good value for a 2 1/2 star hotel	Our March 2006 3 night stay at the Eastgate was overall pretty good for a 2 1/2 star. We were a family of 8 and stayed in their 2 bedroom suite. First off, I have to stay at a clean hotel room, especially because we travel with very young kids. Although the rooms are a little outdated, it was clean and cleaned each day. The room attendant even did our dishes. I was happy with the hotel. There was plenty of space. My kids were able to run around like they do at home. The living room and dining room were one room. They even brought us a rollaway bed free of charge. The staff was very friendly. The elevator was a little small...but no problems with serving it's purpose. Shortly after we checked into our room, the lady at the front desk phoned to make sure we were happy with our room. The kitchen was a little small but functional. The airconditioner worked fine. The hotel is off a main road so noise is not too bad. Although, be sure to ask for a room NOT facing the fire station if your are a light sleeper. The hotel is walking distance to many attractions. Just to give you an idea of distance...Our kids are ages 5 and 1...my 5 year old walked everywhere with us. Although this hotel was no Ritz Carlton and can not compare, the Eastgate was clean and a great value. I would stay here again.	
Apr 13 2006	Good value hotel for first time visitors to New York City	Stayed here summer of 2005. Read stacks of reviews for other hotels in similar price range but this seemed the most suitable. Yes room was a little dated, but comfortable and considering we were not terribly high up the noise level was bearable unless you wished to sleep in after 9am and then traffic horns were considerable. Small kitchenette but quite satisfactory for our needs for breakfast/lunches. We considered it to be quite centrally located and reception staff very helpful, particularly with booking a helicopter flight. Would recommend and also return to stay.	
Apr 6 2006	Fantastic	After having a HORRIBLE experience in booking a room at WooGo Lincoln Apartments, I immediately booked a room with Eastgate Towers. From the moment I arrived the experience was WONDERFUL!!! The manager George Drepaul was an absolute pleasure and the staff upgraded me to a EXTREMELY SPACIOUS 2 bedroom, 2 Bathroom unit. I felt right at home in this hotel and would recommend it to anyone visiting the city. The location is great. The staff is great. The rooms, or should I say suites, are FANTASTIC and the most spacious I have ever experienced in New York. Full kitchens, extremely large bedrooms and full living room/dining room area. I wouldnt stay anywhere else after this wonderful experience. The Italian restaurant downstairs was VERY good as well. Eastgate Towers is my new favorite place to stay in New York and I cant wait to go back.	
Apr 3 2006	Great Place	We stayed here the week of March 20th and were very pleased with our stay. The rooms looked a little dated, but not so much so that it was distracting or not worth the money involved. The staff were all very helpful and we felt very safe in the surrounding area.	
Mar 22 2006	Well located Great Value	We stayed here for 4 nights in March 2006. The hotel room was somewhat dated and not luxurious but this is reflected in the price you pay which offers great value for money.We had a twin room (two doubles) with small kitchen area and single bathroom. Room was far larger than other hotels I have stayed in in NY (despite having paid more for others).Hotel was well situated being an easy walk from both Grand Central and the Empire State Building. Also good bus links on 3rd Ave but very busy on weekdays means walking is quicker for short journeys.Neighbourhood was quiet which meant despite only being 2 floors up could sleep through without traffic noise disturbances I have experienced when staying in busier parts of the city. Good selection of restaurants within easy walking distance (Akane Japanese just across from hotel was simple but well priced and good quality). Also great deli / bagel cafe just along road by jct 3rd Ave and 38th Street.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be close to the main sights in NYC whilst having a peaceful haven to return to for a good nights rest.	
Mar 15 2006	Wonderful Hotel in New York	I stayed in this hotel during the cold spell in February 2006. The room (Junior Deluxe suite)was always cleaned every day, and extremely comfortable.The staff were exceedingly friendly and helpful, and the location is perfect for the visitor who requires a peaceful area to return to whilst still being within walking distance of the main areas of interest. I will be returning to this hotel when next in New York, and would recommend this establishment to any visitor.	
Mar 7 2006	Great Family Value - Close Enough to Almost Everything!	We're a family of 5 (2 adults, 3 teenagers) and we recently stayed at the Eastgate Towers in Murray Hill. That was a great choice for us! Thank you Tripadvisor for the great tip! We requested a high floor 1 bedroom suite with a view of the Empire State Building (if possible). I booked our travel directly with [--------](found their booking engine to be friendlier for a family of 5 compared to the travel websites which add a surcharge for the 5th person). Much to my surprise, when we checked in...they granted our wish! The view of Empire State was kinda obstructed, but no complaints here! First of all, we were just happy to have lots of windows with views! The last time I was in NYC with my daughter, we stayed in a cramped bedroom with a window that looked out to a brick wall!The staff were very helpful...and very courteous. We flew in via Newark and decided to be adventurous and took the Newark Airtran connection to Penn Station and took a cab from there. For a family of 5, the train ride and cab ride to the hotel cost us $78. On our way to La Guardia on our return trip we asked the hotel concierge to reserve a cab for us...and since there were 5 of us, the concierge said we would need a van. Of course, the taxi-minivans were the only ones that we could get around in. Again, to our pleasant surprise, a shiny, black Lincoln Navigator was waiting for us promptly in front of the hotel during our day of departure. BTW, this ride for a family of 5 was very reasonable compared to our train/cab adventure (albeit La Guardia is closer than Newark)...this &quot;limo&quot; ride cost $50 + toll + tip.OVerall, our stay at the Eastgate Towers was a great experience. For the price, cannot beat the fact that we were able to stay together in one suite, &quot;family style&quot;. We had 2 queen beds, a sofa bed, a well-equipped kitchen (with microwave, stove, dishwasher, toaster, coffee maker), dining room, and 2 TVs! It was nice to have room to spread out and relax, and have some late night snack when we felt the munchies! That, plus we had views!The neighborhood was safe...and very accessible to major tourist spots. One can catch the bus to downtown on 5th avenue or the subway from Grand Central Station...leisurely walks both. Ming's, the Chicken Place on 3rd Ave were decent eats. We did not care too much for Frontier Diner which also delivers to the hotel. There's also a McDonald's on 39th and 2nd for those fastfood cravings. Highly recommended....more centrally located than Embassy Suites. Will definitely stay there again next time we're in NYC. Check out Eastgate's sister hotels owned by [----------]!	
Feb 27 2006	One good place to stay!	This is a great hotel. We had a 1 bed suite for a week. The prices are very reasonable and the service is good. We had A LOT OF SPACE. Location is great and takes less than 10 mins to walk to Times Square or even lesser to Grand Central. You also get cabs right outside the hotel. Staff is courteous. Its obviously not the waldorf but as I didn't pay for it, I don't expect it to be. Please see room pics attached. (Not as outdated as brought out by other reviews.)	
Feb 25 2006	good value suite digged the kitchen	Stayed in one bedroom suite with 2 friends ample space. Could stay and lounge in the suite rather than just dump bags. Quite a few convenience stores nearby so bought drinks to put in fridge and brekkie items. 2 T.V'S in suite one in the lounge was massive. Lifts 1 customer lift working but allowed to use maintenance lift. In smoking room but a spray of oust soon maintained freshness. Good value for money. Not too far from attractions and shops. We did head out in blizzard conditions and made it to Macy's etc...	
Feb 15 2006	Not bad for the price - considering it's New York!	I stayed at Eastgate Tower with a few friends on January 14th. We initially booked a one-bedroom, but were upgraded to a two-bedroom suite which was extremely spacious! I agree that it was outdated, but not bad at all given the price. It was nice having a kitchen and two bathrooms! Space is a luxury in New York, so we were definitely pleased and the free upgrade was a nice bonus!	
Jan 11 2006	a disappointment	i was disapionted with the eastgate tower, the suite i stayed in was spacious but VERY outdated, the lobby was very nice, but small, also the fitness center had minimal offerings and needless to say was very small, i would not recommend this hotel unless you are on a tight budget and need to stay there	
Jan 9 2006	Great clean informal hotel for great price	We stayed in Eastgate Towers in Jan 2006 for a weekend. The cost was comparable to budget hotels in the city, but our room was a very spacious suite, which included a kitchenette. This is not a posh hotel by any means, but it is clean, affordable and (unusual in New York) not an overpriced rip=off. There is also an internet terminal in the lobby with a very reasonable cost to use. The hotel is easily accessible to subways and buses and taxicabs, and very close to many different restaurants, including one that provides room service. Overall a very satisfying experience, there will be no surprises with this place!	
Dec 31 2005	Excellent Hotel in Excellent Location	We have just returned from spending 4 nights at the Eastgate Tower Hotel and would thoroughly recommend it to anyone who is visiting New York and wants a central hotel without paying huge prices. Yes, it's a basic hotel and yes, the lifts leave a lot to be desired (one was not working while we were there and being on the 23rd floor meant a long wait at times), however, it's location (just 5/10 minutes easy walk to Grand Central Station and about 10/15 minutes to the Empire State Building) and the friendliness of the staff make it a hotel I would certainly recommend and stay in again.Our room was large with a kitchen area and wonderful views and there were plenty of bars and restaurants in the near vicinity.	
Dec 23 2005	Fine hotel	I just returned from a four-day stay here. It's true that the hotel is a bit dated but it's perfectly fine. Very large rooms with a handy kitchen...plenty of space for a family of four. It's a good location as it's only a 10-minute walk to Grand Central Station (the nearest subway stop). Times Square is a bit further but not too far away. I would definetly stay here again.	
Dec 12 2005	Excellent value	I used to live in New York 10 years ago when I was in my 20s and loved it. But now I dread visiting NY because I've stayed in so many awful hotels! Eastgate Towers has fixed that. The rooms are exactly like my old studio apartment - clean, spacious and functional. The neighbourhood is relatively central, with the subway only a few blocks away, and useful shops and restaurants on 3rd avenue. The kitchen has everything you need. The staff were helpful and courteous.If you want to know what its like to live in NY, this is the place to stay!	
Dec 5 2005	Good value - but keep checking rates	Booked this hotel for 6 people - some of which were children. $324 for a one bedroom with 2 Queens a pull out couch and we also ordered a rollaway.Huge room - were upgraded to one with 1 1/2 bathrooms. Great staff, good location, but it is about a 6 block walk to the subway (not a lot, but with kids it was a bit of a hassle).Rooms were dated, but clean. Staff was very helpful and tried hard.Lobby was nice but small. Elevators were not working but service elevator was added.Overall - good, not great location, keep checking the rate, as we booked directly with the hotel but other sites had lower rates. 3rd avenue has a good grocery store, chinese takeout, and other small shops.Overall I would recommend this for a family, large group and people on a budget...	
Dec 5 2005	Comfortable base for touring New York	We stayed at the Eastgate Tower hotel during the October downpours in New York. We found the hotel very comfortable, with a huge suite including a living area, large bed, decent bathroom and usable kitchen. Compared to similar priced hotels in New York, it earns its above average rating.The location is good for the mid-town attractions, and also has good bus and subway links to SoHo, Greenwich Village, etc.Despite the torrential rain, we enjoyed our stay and still managed to have a fantastic time!!	
Nov 26 2005	Port in a Storm	Bad weather drove us into New York a night early and our pre-booked hotel, The Kimberly, was sold out, as were most other Manhattan rooms under $400! We felt very lucky to find the Eastgate Tower with last-minute availability. For $229, we had a clean, roomy studio with queen bed, kitchen, table and chairs, small TV, and small, sparkling white-tiled bathroom. The accommodations are neither luxurious nor threadbare. Everything was fine from hot water and pressure to cleanliness. The Murray Hill neighborhood was pleasant. If you are an independent leisure or business traveler who is not looking for coddling staff or canopy beds, the Eastgate Tower is a good choice.	
Nov 21 2005	Lots of Space...Great affordable neighborhood	Just returned from an overnight stay with my husband in New York City on Nov 19. Availability in New York City this time of year is tight and rates are generally very high. Reserved the Eastgate Tower Suite Hotel on E. 39th Street for $279. We were originally going to stay a few weeks earlier but our son was ill. I spoke to the Front Desk Manager and she agreed to waive the no-show fee if we rebooked (most won't do it). We found the property to be easy to find and located in the great residential neighborhood of Murray Hill. Lots and lots of inexpensive restaurants, bars, delis, true coffee shops where you can get a hamburger for $3.95, grocery stores, etc. We found the staff to be pleasant and professional, the lobby was small but aadequate and the rooms were huge but in need of updating. If you don't mind 1980's furniture and artwork and love the luxury of alot of space in NYC, this might be the place for you. Two beds (they might have even been queen size), 1 and 1/5 bathrooms, lots of closets, a large living room, a full-size dining room table, 2 TVs and a full kitchette. Perfect for a family who wants to eat a few meals in or a group of friends on a shopping spree who need plenty of space. Not very near any of the city attractions but a short cab ride from midtown shopping and times square...quieter too!	
Nov 11 2005	A suite rather than 2 rooms: perfect for families!	I stayed for a week at the end of October with my two teenage daughters. Usually I would have booked 2 rooms, but this was not an economic proposition in NY. I realized late on that a suite was the answer. Ideally I would have liked a 2-bedroom suite but, again, this was not economical just for three of us. So, I booked a One Bedroom Suite Superior - a bedroom with 2 queen beds plus a sofa bed in the living room. I chose this hotel partly because of the good reviews on TripAdvisor but also because the Eastgate made it clear online exactly what I would be booking (unlike some other hotels which seemed to delight in being obtuse about this). I wasn't disappointed: the rooms were huge; the beds and bedroom clean; the kitchenette was great for having breakfast; and we had a view of the Empire State Building from our window (which I had requested at the time of booking). I booked directly with the hotel online, and it was made clear exactly what I'd be paying before I confirmed the booking. There were no nasty surprises on checking out either.I found the staff to be efficient rather than overly-friendly, but they were very helpful when approached. The elevators were a little slow, but that wasn't a major issue. The fridge was noisy at night, but not enough for me to complain about at the time. The internet access in the lobby was useful: $1 bill per 5 minute access was pretty good. The nearest subway (Grand Central) was a little further away than I would have liked - the novelty of walking 3 blocks soon wore off - but did not spoil things. I got the impression that this hotel was geared to the business traveller rather than the holidaymaker, but we were certainly not made to feel unwelcome.Grand Central is not the best location for the the tourist subway circuit - we rarely had a direct route to anywhere, invariably changing at Times Square. However, we made good use of the 7-day Unlimited Ride MetroCard! We also bought the 7-day New York Pass, which was expensive but avoided constantly paying out for visits (note: make sure you book in advance for entry to the Statue of Liberty monument).Shops are close by: D'Agastino is 50 yards down Third Ave, where we got our breakfast foods. We tried the Italian restaurant attached to the hotel one evening (reasonable food and prices) and the vegetarian-friendly Josie's on Third Ave at 37th &amp; 38th Street. Shame about the NY ban on sale of alcohol to under-21s, but we managed! The walks from the hotel to the UN, and to Empire State/Macys/Madison Square Garden were all fine and untiring.On checking out, we were provided with storage for our suitcases and a timed taxi to the airport to catch our evening flight, at the standard fixed price. We were a little late getting back for the time we'd said but the taxi was waiting, with our bags loaded. Such service! It rounded the week off nicely. Would we stay there again? You betcha.	
Sep 26 2005	A Very Comfortable Hotel	I spent two and a half weeks at the Eastgate Towers in NYC and found it to be a very comfortable hotel. I had a junior suite which was extremely large, clean and well-appointed: two easy chairs , a large couch (which folds out) , a desk and a dining table. . . a comfortable king bed. . . and a kitchen. It felt as though I was coming home to a little bit more than a hotel room after a hard day's work. Even the TV was a bit larger than the common hotel room television. Housekeeping was very efficient, and the staff was friendly and helpful. Amazingly enough for NYC, the room was absolutely quiet. . .in over two weeks, I heard not a sound from the other rooms or from the street. This is not a luxury hotel, the lobby is small and utilitarian, as are the two elevators. I travel to New York for business at least once a year: I think that for comfort and economy you just can't beat this hotel. I think the junior suite would be particularly good for families. .given its size , the fold-out couch and the kitchen. Great value. I'll be back.	
Sep 13 2005	Great Hotel	This is a nice hotel, in a nice area. Close to the Chrysler Building, Grand Central Terminal, and the UN building. We even walked to Times Square from here as well and took a cab back for about $10. The only bad thing about this hotel is the small lobby and slow elevators. The only time we had a problem though was at check in when tons of people were waiting for the one elevator (the other elevator was broken at the time, but worked the next day). Best advice is to wait until later to check in, like at 5 or so. Check your baggage in with bell hop then go walk around and wait until later to check in so its not so busy. But the rest of our two and a half day stay we did not encounter any elevator problems. We walked to Soho and Empire State building from here too, lots of walking! This was the best room I stayed in (we stayed in 3 hotels over our 7 days there, just to get a feel for different parts of the city). The rooms are huge, and they have a kitchen if you want to cook or prepare breakfast for yourself. Very comfortable bed and we had a nice view on the 21st floor (we could see the top of the empire state building and the spike where the ball drops on new year's eve). I would recommend this hotel to anyone as the staff is nice and the rooms are great.	
Aug 31 2005	Great Reliable Service/Space	We stayed here 2 year's ago, and again this week. Terrific place--Great service (Claudia), nice space. Yes, the furniture is a little tackey, but the room space is wonderful, it is quiet, and everything is clean. We loved the kitchen. The location is great, an easy walk to buses, grand central, and trains. We weren't disappointed at all!Restaurant, Il Sogno, was wonderful. Great patio, serivce very considerate and gracious. Prices fair, and food excellent. We arrived with 2 additional adults and 2 youngsters (5 and 2). Service was thoughtful and gracious, even with the kids. Waiters offered to make special plates for the kids, and weren't the least bit hoitey toitey about the ruckus. We tipped them well, and they deserved it!	
Jul 27 2005	Spacious convenient friendly	I stayed at the Eastgate Tower Suites with two of my colleagues for a weeklong business trip recently and was favorably impressed by this hotel. I had booked three junior suites, but because they were short of these rooms they asked whether two of us would like to double up in a two-bedroom suite. After seeing how large it was one of my co-workers and I gladly accepted (we could have easily declined -- there was no pressure from the desk clerk). We had two big bedrooms, a living room, a dining area, and a full kitchen which came in handy for breakfast and storing drinks. The staff was very friendly throughout our stay and helpful with things like directions and storing luggage after we checked out. The location was very nice ... a short walk from many good restaurants, shops, grocery stores (for stocking the fridge) and a movie theater. We had business on Long Island and were pleased that the hotel was located just a couple of blocks from the Queens/Midtown tunnel. The room was cleaned well every day and the hotel was very quiet ... especially since we were on an upper floor and (in our suite) the bedrooms did not share walls with other guest rooms. The hotel has a fitness room which contains the basics, and the rooms are equipped with wireless highspeed Internet access. All in all, we were quite pleased with this hotel and would gladly stay there again.	
Jul 18 2005	HUGE Rooms - Great Value	My family and I had planned a trip to Destin Florida - but had a change of plans when Hurricane Dennis decided to join in. We booked a last minute trip to NYC on Expedia. We stayed 6 days at the Eastgate Towers - in a two bedroom suite on the 8th Floor. There were 5 of us - two queens in one room - two twins in room 2 and a pull out sleeper in the living room. Our boys slept in room 2 - teenage daughter slept in the living room (she wasn't interested in sharing a room with us). The rooms were unbelieveably large - especially in New York - the kitchen gave us the ability to save some money by eating one or two meals a day at &quot;home&quot;. Location was very convenient - easy to walk to Times Square - Empire State Building - Grand Central etc. The space was very helpful at night after a long day - we could seperate and relax in our own worlds without disturbing each other.The room was clean - and well equipped - no frills (but not bad at all). I would definitely recommend for large groups/families and for longer stays.	
Jun 27 2005	Good Value Clean Room	The &quot;room&quot; was actually a 1 bedroom apartment, with a small full kitchen (stove, fridge, microwave, etc.), bathroom, bedroom (2 Q beds), living room (TV, desk foldout couch/bed), and dining area (seating for 6). It was very roomy, quiet, and clean. Staff was very friendly (although we did not need much from them, we had all we needed in the room). We are a family of 5 (two adults, kids ages 10, 12, 14) and this place was PERFECT for our trip to NYC. It was a nice place to wind down after the &quot;go-go-go&quot; of NYC. It was within walking distance of 42nd (lots of public transportation), the UN, and we could see the Empire State building out our window. The hotel area seemed safe (we were surrounded by what looked like residential towers) and even though we were only a few blocks from 42nd, the area was quiet. It made us feel as if we were &quot;living&quot; in NYC and not just staying at a hotel. When we return to NYC, we will stay here again.	
Jun 13 2005	Excellent Hotel and Staff	Wonderful location in Murray Hill area. Only minutes to Grand Central Station, UN, the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings and many wonderful restaurants and shops. This was our first time in NYC, celebrating our 10 year anniversary, and were so impressed with the service and the spacious rooms. The staff was very helpful and went above and beyond in helping us feel at home. Perhaps most importantly, we felt safe at this hotel and in the neighborhood. We were also pleasantly surprised with the restaurant- gourmet quality at reasonable prices. We will definitely be back!	
May 24 2005	NYC	We booked this hotel online and were a little unsure of what we were going to get. However when we arrived late at night we were pretty pleased with what we saw. The staff were very nice and made us as comfortable as possible, they were very willing to please. The hotel was ever so slightly run down, but it was clean. The rooms were fairly large. We had two queen size beds in one room, and a TV room with ample seating in the next room. The kitchen turned out to be very handy. The bathroom, it was true, was a little small, but that was not a big deal. The location was good. I would recomend this hotel highly if you are looking for space and good service for a good price in New York City.	
May 10 2005	Roomy comfortable and well situated	We booked a single double bed and received a free upgrade from the friendly staff to a much bigger double suite on arrival, without asking. I couldnt believe how big the sitting room was and it meant that Julia and I had a bathroom each (there was only two of us), which was great in the mornings. Decor is dated in a bad way (early Miami Vice), but who cares when it is clean and spacious? Location suited me perfectly, only 10 minutes walk to 42nd street and Grand Central (the nearest subway stop) but quiet enough to walk around in the evenings without getting mobbed. Plenty of friendly diners, bars and restaurants 5 minutes away on 3rd or Lexington Aves. We're veggie and found Fagiolini on Lexington a reasonably priced and tasy local for pasta.	
May 8 2005	Cheapest I Could FindWhich Wasnt That Cheap But A Nice Stay And Great Location!	Hotel : Eastgate TowerLocation : New YorkTime Of Stay : April 30-May 1 2005I spent hours searching the internet for a &quot;decent&quot; place to stay in New York i.e. somewhere with a bed and a shower (not sharing). I found the minimum price to be well over £100 because unfortunately the 1st May was the start of the expensive pricing season, and also a Saturday. That in mind, this hotel was the cheapest of the lot (with &quot;ok&quot; TripAdvisor reviews) at £135 or so. It is crazy to think I could have stayed for 3 nights in other places on my trip for the same price but that's New York for you! Anyway, I arrived rather earlier than planned about 12 - the room wasn't supposed to be ready until later, I think 4pm. When I arrived they phoned to check with someone and said 1:30pm, though they had it ready for 12:30 which was great! The room was nicely laid out. There was a corridor with a bathroom coming off it, and then another doorway a bit further down to the kitchen area (oven, microwave, fridge, cutlery). Then you came to the bedroom area which was big and spacious - it had a table and chairs which made it a nice place for having friends over. The local subway station was Grand Central Station which was just a couple of blocks away. The reception and bell people were very helpful and polite. They offered to arrange a taxi for me if needed however I walked to Grand Central Station as it was cheaper and not very far.	
Mar 30 2005	Excellent Value Large Rooms	Stayed at the Eastgate Towers (an Affinity Group Hotel) on Easter Weekend. there were 7 of us and we originally had two rooms. When we got there they said they had sold out of the suites and one bedrooms, so they gave us a two bedroom suite for $300 a night. It was huge!! I can't even imagine what an apartment of this size would rent for in Murray Hill. Tons of closet space two bathrooms, a full kitchen. It was plain, but clean and comforatable, and we had plenty of room. The hotel staff was very polite and helpful. Eastgate is a bit of a walk to the subway (about a 5-7 minute walk), but the size, value, and excellent service was worth the few extrea minutes to the subway. I will definately stay here again with a large group.	
Oct 5 2004 	Clean Pretty and Great Staff!	I stayed at this hotel in February 2004 with my best friend who was visiting from California. We couldn't believe how nice it was for the money. The service was good, and the room was clean and big for a NYC hotel. I am going to be visiting NYC next month and people must have caught on to this secret because it is booked. I am searching for hotels and can't seem to find one that has reviews as good as this one. I will continue my search and hope I pick one that is as good as Eastgate Towers. What a Great Hotel!	
Oct 5 2004	Not luxury but not bad!	Just spent 5 days at Eastgate.The downfalls, elevators werent working the first day, had to use service elevator, very average furnishings, sofa bedvery uncomfortable,bathroom very small,but the good things were , we had a one bedroom suite, very large for NYC, probably the size of some apartments there. Staff very freindly and helpful,easy to grab a cab right outside or short walk up a block to 2nd or 3rd Ave.Dunkin Donuts,Mcdonalds and Frontier diner close for breakfast,store and drug store right down the street.We did walk one night from Times Square, so if youre up for it not a bad walk or a short cab ride.Overall, for the price, a pretty good deal.We were a family of 5 and were comfortable except for the tiny bathroom.A good place to stay if your out all day anyway, and pretty quiet neigborhood to come back to at night.We were on 10th floor, not too much street noise, slept fine.	
Sep 13 2004	Average hotel	My boyfriend and I spent 5 nights at the Eastgate in a studio suite. The suite included a small kitchen with sink, microwave, stove, pots, pans, dishes. The bedroom area was larger than most NY rooms I've stayed in but was still smaller than I expected. Although the room was clean, the furniture and carpeting were quite worn. Once again, more worn than I expected. Don't be fooled by the internet photos!! The rooms are nothing spectacular.We stayed on the third floor facing south and had absolutely no problems with street noise. The location is ok but it really depends on what you plan on doing while you're there. If you're planning on using the subway to get around, you're a good 15-20 minute walk to the nearest station, Grand Central. If you're planning on going to see the major attractions, they're mostly quite a distance from the Eastgate. Frankly I see no advantage to staying in the Murray Hill area if you're a tourist. If you only want to visit the UN and stare at the Chrysler building, then it's the place for you. The hotel staff were very friendly and attentive. The restaurant staff (one waiter in particular) was rude and arrogant and I would therefore not recommend eating there or even stopping in for a drink.We paid $111.00/night + room tax through Skyauction and were reasonably satisfied. However, I would not have paid the $180.00/night + that the hotel normally charges.In a nutshell, if you can get a good room rate, there's nothing wrong with the Eastgate. It's an average hotel with average rooms. But for the same price you can stay in Times Square or anywhere in the theatre district, near subway stations.	
Aug 9 2004	A great find	I took my kids to the city for a week long vacation in August. This hotel looks like converted studio apartments and I suspect many of the units are still used as such. This hotel has much to offer for the visitor that is not looking for pampering but wants a good &quot;home base&quot; while on vacation. No concierge, no doorman, no real lobby, slow elevators. So what. Huge rooms for the price by NYC standards and the kitchenette allowed us to eat one meal a day in saving lots of money. Staff was very friendly and helpful. We were very impressed with the quietness of the room too. I think this is due to the fact that this used to be apartments where this would be more important for tenants than a hotel where people only stay a few days. Whatever the reason, we were pleasantly surprised.Murray Hill was a great neighborhood also. Go to the Frontier diner half a block away for a nice, cheap breakfast (about $20 with tip for the three of us). Many, many restaurants, bagel shops, and grocery stores on 3rd Avenue just south of the hotel.	
Aug 2 2004	Eastgate met all high expectations!	I've stayed at Eastgate Tower Suite hotel from July 10th until July 24th with my wife for our honeymoon trip. After thorough search (mostly through Tripadvisor), we opted for Eastgate based on reviews, and then location, price and amenities.We've booked a junior suite directly with the hotel even though we could've found a better deal through some other travel agency. I would've used that 'card' if found in a situation to argue the quality of service.Fortunately, it wasn't needed at all. In my reservation I had mentioned that this was a honeymoon trip, that we want to make it as special as possible and that we'd like a non-smoking suite with street view above 5th floor. What we got was beyond any expectation: great suite on 22nd floor with street view (everything is street view from that height which we found especially interesting and NY-ish), path from the door to the bed of rose petals, bed covered with petals and a couple of roses, more petals in the bathroom, couple more roses on the table, a personalized greeting card from the hotel, two small boxes with chocolate candies, a book of love poetry, champagne and, erm, can of whipped cream on a silver tray in the fridge. We were hoping for something extra but this was really nice! Suite was great, very spacious for the two of us, much light from outside and also many lamps inside, furniture in very good shape, comfy bed, all very clean, even the carpet which is usually in poor shape in many hotels. The bathroom was also in an excellent shape and as clean as possible. Everything was functioning properly: AC, TV, phone, microwave, stove, fridge... Closet space was more than enough for a longer stay like ours (for 2 people, anyway...). Towels and sheets were changed daily and cleaning staff was respecting our daily late-leaving. Surrounding didn't seem any dangerous and we didn't mind some walking from and to the hotel (5th Avenue is 5 blocks away, subway at Grand Central station also 5 blocks away, Loews movie theater 7 small blocks downtown @ 2nd and 32nd, several 24hrs convenience stores in the same block, many fine delis all around the neighborhood (we especially liked Food Merchants @ 40th st between Park and Madison for breakfast). Didn't try the resident Sogno restaurant, though...Staff was also exceptionally nice, as expected based on the reviews. As we've had a late flight back to Europe, it was no problem to check-out at 6pm.Any bad things after all this praising? Well, the elevators could be somewhat faster, the lobby is very small, as well as the corridors on the floors. Wood furniture (tables, bedside cabinets, drawer cabinet...) would look finer in dark wood than in ivory-colored combination... These aren't really bad things: if we wanted giant lobby, spacious corridors with armchairs, superquick elevators and mahogany furniture, we'd look for the most expensive hotel in NYC. For all other details, Eatsgate was just as fine. Have we just been fortunate or treated better since it was a honeymoon? I doubt it. I guess that some rooms might be in different shape but I'm sure that a staff this helpful can overcome each issue with a guest. We didn' have any, really.Eastgate Tower has met all our high expectations and we will surely come there again, hopefully already next summer for our 'honeymoon re-run'.	
Aug 2 2004	Great hotel 	Excellent hotel, with an excellent location! About 5 min walk to Empire state and 10-15 mins to Times square and about 5 min walk to nearest subway if you don't fancy walking. I would definitely recommend this hotel. The staff were so friendly, the rooms were big and clean. The kitchen and fridge were useful as it was hot and it was great to be able to store drinks somewhere cold. As our flight home was not until the evening the staff took our lugguage so we could do some last minute shopping and took the liberty of ordering a taxis to the airport for us.( cheaper taxis fare) This hotel was a great find and would definitely recommend it.	
Jun 6 2004	The Eastgate's great!	The Eastgate is a great pace to stay with friendly, helpful staff and clean, spacious rooms. All previous reviews are helpful, and add a hint to all future guests - check out the buses because it is a fair distance to Grand Central. There are stops on 3rd and 2nd streets that go uptown and downtown respectively, and link with the subway with maps available in the Eastgate reception. Metro cards for 7 days are 21 dollars, for unlimited travel on subway and bus, a great bargain. Would definitely go back to this hotel on the next visit.	
Jun 5 2004	Excellent value and good location.	My wife and I spent 6 nights at the Eastgate (16-21 May) and we couldn't fault the hotel. This was our 2nd trip to New York - 1st trip we made the mistake of staying at the Pennsylvania - having learnt our lesson there we knew we would have to pay a bit more to get acceptable accomodation -the Eastgate didn't let us down. We stayed in a one bed suite (13th floor) and it was a real treat to have a kitchen, large lounge, 2 double beds, an en-suite bathroom and a cloakroom. All of the accomodation was extremely clean, well presented and roomy. There is maid service every day and there was little noise from the street.I requested a smoking room and fully expected a smoky aroma with yellow stained walls and ceilings - I was totally amazed that the suite was so clean and without any smell or evidence that it actually was a smoking suite - I had to check with reception that we had been put in the right suite.The staff at the Eastgate all were very friendly and helpful. We didn't try the restaurant on the ground floor as we felt the prices looked a bit steep but there are so many local bars, restaurants &amp; diners that you don't have to look far for a good value meal.Some revieweres have mentioned that the Eastgate is a bit isolated and a lot of walking is needed to get to the main areas of Manhattan - with so many places to visit in the city over such a large area it doesn't matter where you stay you've got a lot of leg work to do......I personally don't mind a bit of walking - helps to burn some off some of the calories.Overall an excellent hotel and we look forward to returning.	
May 8 2004	Great location for the price	My partner and I stayed at the Eastgate over the May day bank holiday weekend. We had got the Eastgate as part of a really good deal on Expedia for £350 including flights (with good flight times) for 4 nights. The Eastgate is a lot shabbier than it looks on its pictures and is a little tatty around the edges, but its clean and tidy and has all the basics that you require. Having the kitchenette and a dining table is handy as a couple of nights we were too tired to go out we brought back some takeout and you can keep cold drinks in the fridge. We were on the 5th floor and so did get street noise and the windows dont hold out any noise at all, fortunately though its not a particulary busy street and was usually pretty quiet overnight. A maid came every day and changed our towels, made our bed and did any washing up. The Eastgate is in a great location to get to all the sites on foot or if you prefer by subway as Grand Central Station is within 5 minutes walk. There are plenty of bars, pubs, restaurants, delis and shops nearby. Basically the Eastgate doesnt offer any frills, but offers a clean place to sleep, at a good location for a great price and if you are anything like we were, you spend very little time there anyway. 	
Apr 19 2004 	Good place	My wife and I stayed 7 nights at beginning of April 04. Our room lacked any character (dreadful 'modern' paintings) and was a bit scuffed round the edges, but was comfortable enough. On the 20th floor there was no traffic noise and very little noise from neighbours. The staff were all fantastic, the neighbourhood was quiet (with lots of conveniences stores and delis). The restaurant (Il Sogno) is excellent, but not cheap. Overall an unmemorable place to stay - but for all the right reasons	
Apr 17 2004	Very nice hotel	Just returned from New York with my boyfriend (10/4/04-15/4/04) and stayed at the Eastgate. Were put on the 7th floor and there was very little noise from the traffic. Room was spacious and clean though a little drab, 2 very comfortable double beds which you need after a hard days sightseeing and I loved having the versatility of the kitchenette. We were so tired one night we enjoyed a take away in our room!! The location is not bad if you dont mind a good walk to the main attractions. Your on 39th st 3rd Ave and this being our 1st time to New York didnt know what to expect but was told theres load of walking. However having had 3 days of heavy rain wished we'd stayed a little closer to 5th Avenue but saying that there are buses if you want. The nearest metro stop (I think) was at Grand Central which is also a fair walk. But saying all that there wouldnt have been a problem if the weather had stayed fine. The staff were helpful. Checking out time is 12 noon and the receptionist said without even being asked if we had a later flight keeping our bags were no problem. Overall had a wonderful time in New York and will definitely be going back. We would have no problem in booking Eastgate again.	
Apr 10 2004	Affordable weekend getaway	We stayed overnight on 3/20 to celebrate our aniversary. We checked in, and originally were given a very smoky room, which we asked to change. (I never specified &quot;non-smoking&quot; when I made the reservations and I wasn't asked if I had a preference - so if you have a preference be sure to state it!) We were then upgraded to a very nice junior suite on the 25th floor, and were not charged the difference. Incidentally, we were also with another couple and the bellman went out of his way to go to their room (which was very nice) to let them know that we had changed rooms! This was above average service in a city where you do not always find this. The only negative comment I would make is that the decor, while nice, isn't quite as luxurious as the website leads you to believe. This was a nice place to stay in NYC and a junior suite is more than adequate if you bring your family with you.	
Apr 3 2004	Excellent value comfortable clean nice staff	Stayed here two days in late March. Staff was very friendly and helpful (sent someone up within three minutes to fix a sticky door lock). Room was very clean with no musty smell and no carpet deodorizer to cover up. Bathroom was fine, spotless. Enormous amount of closet space. Was great to have the fridge, microwave, and stove. We were on the tenth floor, so there was virtually no noise. It's in a quiet, safe area, with anything you need on either 2nd or 3rd Aves. We paid $138 on the Web, and for that price, it's pretty much unbeatable. Would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 31 2004	a good choice	The best part of the stay here was on check out when I opened my bill. For 3 nights, a spacious one bedroom suite cost only 625 dollars including taxes. After spending a lot of money in the city, an inexpensive hotel is a bonus when all is said and done. The rooms were a little dreary but perfect for a family that needs a lot of room to spread out. There was also very little street noise or noise from other guests. I was able to sleep quite comfortably and feel safe and secure. The location is good although a bit of a hike to fifth avenue but perfectly situated between up and downtown and Grand Central. A straight run down to the east village and Union Square also. A good choice all in all!	
Mar 23 2004	Fantastic	My husband and I stayed at the Eastgate Suites from 3/16-3/22/04. We were very pleasantly surprised. The rooms themselves are modest but large and the windows actually open! The hotel is in a great location and we found it to be very quiet, both inside and out. We loved having the kitchenette where we could make bkfst and coffee or have light snack and keep a bottle of wine. The bathroom is small-ish but has great storage and the shower was great with plenty of pressure. I would definitely stay there again. We found the staff to be friendly and attentive as well. As for the maid service, it was excellent. We are late risers and it only took her one day to figure that out. Thanks again Eastgate Suites!	
Mar 21 2004	Excellent Find!	I had to be in New York City for a week in the beginning of March. This hotel was absolutely wonderful for the price I paid. The staff was very nice and helpful to me even though I wasn't their regular type of customer, and the room and bathroom were spacious and clean. The location is excellent if you like that Times Square area (I do not, but the Village is just a train-ride away) and I was able to take care of my business without any hitches. As for noise, either I didn't notice any or I'm immune. The tiny kitchen had two different sized pots, one pan, four each of butter knives, spoons, forks, large and small plates, cups, wine glasses, and bowls. There was plenty of storage space and the bed was lovely. I would definitly stay there again. Thanks to the other reviewers as well.I only had two complaints: On my first day there was a smoker lurking somewhere and there was no Cartoon Network channel.	
Mar 15 2004	So-so hotel	This is a basic 3* hotel in a good location with rooms geared towards the business/long stay market - the room facilities include kitchenette with microwave, fridge, some cutlery, plus wireless LAN available to hire. Most of uptown Manhattan's attractions are within a 15 minute walk.We stayed on the 3rd floor in a room which didn't look out over the road, so no noise problems there.Unfortunately, the walls are very thin - amongst other things, you can hear water running and toilets flushing from the room next door. The room itself was large and spacious, but it did smell a little musty despite being on a non-smoking floor.The staff are very friendly and well informed. As stated in previous reviews, they are happy to arrange a late checkout even when the hotel is full.Overall, not a bad place to stay, but nothing special.	
Mar 9 2004	Okay	I stayed at that hotel on business and was fairly disappointed. It is like a 3 star hotel in Europe. The room was large and clean, but the bathroom is tiny and, having stayed on the 5th floor, there was lost of noise from the street. I ordered breakfast as room service and it was awful, packed in a paper bag, not good, and the delivery boy was not very nice. Plus, to order breakfast you have to make an outside phone call that they charge! The kitchen is alright, not many dishes and pans though. The bed was very large and confortable. It's a good place to stay for a longer period if you don't expect luxury or great service. Nicely located.	
Mar 8 2004	Top Notch Service	I've stayed in many New York hotels within the same star rating and price range and Eastgate Tower is by far the finest. What you will primarily notice about this place is the friendly and efficient staff. I liked the fact that we were allowed a late checkout due to our train leaving Grand Central at 3PM. Great location too and yes Sarge's Deli down the street makes great sandwiches and there is a nice bakery on the corner that makes wonderful danishes and coffee. I would sit there every morning and watch the New Yorkers bustle off to work. I miss those mornings. Will be staying at Eastgate on my next visit. Thanks to the people who posted their reviews here for tipping me to this fine hotel!	
Feb 27 2004	Fantastico!	What a great find! I can only echo the sentiments of everyone else who has posted here. This hotel has it all, great value, great location, and great staff! It seems that half the world were heading to the Eastgate Tower for Valentine's weekend, as that was when my wife and I stayed also. A great weekend was only enhanced by the fact that we had a wonderful room, huge in size, pefectly clean, and with everything you could need on hand. In fact, the staff are so helpful there, that one morning we went out having forgotten to wash up our breakfast dishes. When we returned we found they had been washed and dried up for us! A small thing, but it is the details like this that can really enhance a place's reputation. The location is great also, especially if you are in town for a good old trawl around the shops, an easy walk and you are at 42nd Street, Macy's, etc. Little tip, but if you go to Macy's, go to floor 1 &amp; 1/2, to the customer centre, tell them you are a tourist intending to shop, and you will be given a card that gives 11% off all goods! Bargain city! Once again, I can only recommend the Eastgate, a great place to stay in NYC!	
Feb 21 2004	Best value in NYC	stayed over the Valentines Weekend...got a grate rate from hoteldiscounts.com...Very large spacious room with kitchen and sitting area (couch and chair)..great location on the edge of midtown and Murray Hill...sure the furniture was a bit worn, but our room was clean and airy..biggest room I have ever had in a city known for tiny rooms, You could be comfortable here for an extended stay..great for anyone. Loved having the parking garage adjacent.. safe area.Staff was kind and attentive...something else unusual in a hotel in NYC..we will be back	
Feb 18 2004	Loved It Loved It Loved It!!!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel from February 15-17 and it was fabulous! The staff is extremely friendly and helpful! We stayed in a Junior Suite which included a kitchenette. Inside of the kitchenette there is a stove and oven, a sink including a small bottle of Palmolive dishwashing detergent and dish cloths, a lot of cabinet space which held a small frying pan and a medium sized sauce pan and 4 dinner plates, 4 saucers, 4 coffee cups, 4 drinking glasses and 4 champagne/wine glasses. Inside of the kitchen drawer we found all of the silverware/utensils we needed including 4 forks, 4 teaspoons, 4 knives, 4 tablespoons, a cutting knife, and a can opener which also included a bottle opener. The kitchen held a regular sized garbage can and also had a cutting board. There was also a regular sized refrigerator.In the other room there was a table for two for us to eat at which could also double as a desk. There was plenty of closet (3 closets) space and drawer space. There was a couch directly opposite our King Sized Bed which pulled out to a Queen Sized sofa bed. The room also had a 19 inch color TV and you are given the option of playing Playstation games through the television (for an hourly rate), ordering pay per view movies, and paying to access the jukebox through the television. There are a few interactive features on the television, one of which allows you to view your bill and checkout through the tv.We ordered room service from the restaurant in the hotel and the food is delicious. They specialize in Italian food and we ordered around 8 PM and had our dinner in 15 minutes. There is a menu for room service and for breakfast from a diner nearby. You can get breakfast almost as quickly as the room service dinner when you order. Breakfast was great too! a good tip: When you order breakfast ask them to send you a menu because they have great food! You might want to ask the front desk for menus to nearby restaurants too. One of the places that has great food is Sarge's.The room had great decor and, the bathroom was nice and clean and the hotel provides you with their own conditioner shampoo, mouthwash, body wash, and moisturizer. The soap that they provide smells heavenly. Even better than some of the soaps that I've used at the larger more expensive hotels. It smells like there's Eucalyptus oil in it.My husband and I added a few of the romance specials to our room. The first night we had champagne and chocolate covered strawberries and we had the rose petal turndown. We had asked for this to be in the room upon arrival but there was a slight mixup with the time. I called down to the front desk letting them know what time we would be going out and when we came back rose a trail of rose petals led from the door to the bed, our sheets were turned down, and rose petals were scattered on the bed in the shape of a heart and a long stem red rose with baby's breath and palm was placed in the center of the heart.The staff is very accomodating and helpful. Check-out is at 12 Noon but they are willing to make arrangements if you would like to check out at a later time. We checked out at 2PM.Grand Central Station is within walking distance of the hotel and there are a lot of great stores as well as supermarkets in the area. There are a few liquor stores and banks as well.If you want to stay at a place that will feel like home, try the Eastgate. We will definitely be staying there again. We also would ike to try some of the other Affinia properties.	
Feb 17 2004	Extremely comfortable hotel excellent for sightseeing	We stayed at the Eastgate Towers over Valentine's weekend on our first ever visit to New York and found the hotel to be very comfortable and clean. We were upgraded to a one bedroom suite as soon as we arrived, having originally booked a studio suite, by very friendly and accommodating reception staff. The rooms were huge and very well maintained, with clean sheets and towels provided every day. We too were slightly apprehensive, having heard horrific stories of other NY hotels, but were very pleased with our choice and would recommend it to others. It was excellently located for all sightseeing attractions, shops, restaurants and cafes and we were able to walk to most places. The staff kindly let us store our suitcases all day and pre-booked us a taxi to the airport. Overall this hotel is excellent value for money and a particularly good base for seeing the sights of New York.	
Dec 26 2003	Excellent!		
Dec 15 2003	Excellent Customer Service		
Oct 24 2003	Words Aren't Enough...		
Oct 16 2003	Pleasant		
Sep 10 2003	Friendly clean and comfortable		
Aug 27 2003	Above average price and service!		
May 22 2003	Loved it here 5-10/5-14		
Mar 4 2003	Very impressed		
Jan 2 2003	Friendly Staff		
Nov 19 2002	Wonderful staff!		
Nov 19 2002	Posizione mitica ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Nov 20 2009 	bon plan		
Oct 6 2009 	Super Hotel für NY-Trip		
Sep 30 2009 	stanze enormi e vista eccezionale		
Sep 25 2009 	Super		
Sep 10 2009	Eastgate tower hôtel		
Jul 16 2009 	Excelente hotel		
Jul 15 2009 	Bon hôtel bien situé		
Jul 12 2009 	Da riutilizzare !		
Jun 10 2009 	comodo molto comodo		
Jun 9 2009 	?????????????		
Jun 7 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo		
May 20 2009 	Sin lujos pero limpio y perfecto para hacer turismo		
Apr 4 2009 	Economico e centralissimo!!!		
Jan 28 2009 	buon hotel		
Jan 11 2009 	Ottimo Albergo!		
Jan 9 2009 	Ottimo per famiglie		
Dec 23 2008 	Muy Recomendable		
Dec 20 2008 	J'y retourne sans problème		
Oct 29 2008 	excellent hotel		
Oct 20 2008 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix		
Oct 6 2008 	Très bon rapport qualité-prix pour cet hôtel un peu vieillissant		
Sep 20 2008 	Bien sous touts rapports		
Jun 30 2008 	Guter Ausgangspunkt für New York Reisende		
Jun 25 2008 	ottimo albergo		
Jun 18 2008 	Muy buena elección		
Jun 5 2008 	Ottimo		
May 20 2008	Très bien situé - Très bon hôtel		
May 12 2008 	Très bonne situation et très spacieux		
May 6 2008 	Posizione perfetta!		
Mar 11 2008 	Hotel fantastico		
Dec 31 2007 	Gutes Hotel in Top-Lage sauber und freundlích		
Dec 29 2007 	albergo veramente eccezionale		
Jun 4 2007 	ottima posizione. lo consiglio		
May 2 2007	Excellent rapport qualité - prix		
Apr 19 2007 	Confortable et bien situé		
