	Excellent location and wont break the bank	We stayed at the Wolcott, and would recommend it to anyone. The rooms are large and clean. Maid service everyday. All the staff are very friendly. Located 2 blocks away from the Empire State Building, so its very conviniently placed. Only the bathroom was a little on the small side. Otherwise the rooms are very clean.The entrance foyer is particularily impressive for a budget hotel.Complimentary coffee and muffins for breakfast as well.This hotel makes a great base for exploring Manhattan. Not far from Macy's, and Herald Square.	
	Locationlocationlocation at great price	If location is important to you and you're not trying to impress anyone on this stay but are more interested in seeing the sites and spending your hard earned cash on enjoying yourself rather than a swish hotel, then this place is just what you need. I had quite low expectations after reading some reviews, but it was just fine. Very old school hotel - but if you like a bit of character this has it. Staff friendly and helpful - but the location makes it - and for the price, don't think you could do any better - literally around the corner from Macys, Empire State, Madison Sq Garden, Jack Demsey's pub (where the men can watch all the english soccer matches. live )couple of blocks from Time Square and a subway close by if travelling further afield. The hotel also has lockers available for 50 cents for storing your luggage on your last day if you have a late flight . If I had to make a criticism it was the small bathroom - but who cares - its New York!	
	Trustworthy hotel at a good price	After some new york-hotel-research on the Internet we found this one. This was our first trip to the Big Apple so we did not have any expectations, but the price seemed extremly reasonable considering the location of the hotel so we went for it. The experience in a nut shell was positive. Very tidy looking lobby and corridors and a sympathetic room with everything a basic visitor needs. Who &quot;lives&quot; in their hotel room anyway?Next I will line up som + and - :+ Nice and tidy looking interior+ Enough fresh-looking room (and corridors that smelled like a 5-star hotel ;) )+ TV + safe+ Price and easy payment methods+ Location- The staff seemed a bit bored and in some way rude (don´t let that affect your stay)All in all I give the hotel an 8 out of 10.	
	Great Location	This hotel suited our needs perfectly. We booked a twin room and this was ideal for our needs (we only spent sleeping time in it). The bathroom was large, clean and tidy and yes our shower worked perfectly. It is ideally situated and the staff were very helpful and pleasant. No complaints whatsoever and would use again.	
Nov 24 2009 	A Great Find in Midtown NYC at a Great Price.	I along with my brother, my 21 year old son, and his girlfriend visited NYC in Oct, 2009. After finding no NY hotels for less than $250 a night, I was about to give up and go to San Antonio, TX instead. But I said a silent prayer, searched ORBITZ one more time and the Wolcot Hotel came up. At first glance you can tell hotel is a bit old, but that only adds to the pre-war New York ambiance. We stayed in a junior suite and it was absolutely spacious and comfortable. Twin beds were a bit firm, but after a full day of busy NY walking &amp; sightseeing, I slept like a baby. The Wolcott is literally in the heart of Midtown. Put on good walking shoes, and you're only a few minutes from Empire State, MACY's Times Square, Madison Square Garden and other sights.	
Nov 23 2009 	lovely little hotel!!	stayed at the wolcott hotel for 6 nights and have no complaints at all.when we arrived we were greeted by friendly staff who gave us a lovely view of the empire state building from our room .hotel very clean and cosy clean towels every day.we had a tripple room which was very comfortabe with three twin beds one in a little archway in the room. had no problems with the water temperature at all the bathroom was a little tiny but not a problem at all.the hotel is in a great central location and the staff are really nice and very helpful.in a morning the coffee and muffins provided by the hotel are very nice.would definatley return to this hotel infact looking to return next year cant wait.	
Nov 13 2009 	An excellent hotel with range of opportunities!	Excellent location, almost next to the Empire State building, loads of restaurants and eateries al around the hotel. It has more than it says on its website. It has a Gym and Business Centre. Rooms were very comfortable and had a safe. Bathroom was large! Concierge is the best service in my experience and of all the trips I have been on. Overall, an excellent place for an excellent price. Will stay here again!	
Nov 7 2009 	Great location	Near the Empire State Building, this was a good, clean and central hotel. The coffee and muffins for breakfast were great!! I thought it was expensive until I looked at other hotels which were double the price. It's not a fancy hotel, but who needs a fancy hotel in New York? There's so much to do we were hardly in our hotel room.	
Nov 3 2009 	Never again...	My boyfriend and I travel to NYC frequently and we try out a new hotel each time just to know our options. We decided to stay at Wolcott hotel this time and totallllyyy wish we didn't. When we first got there, the employees behind the desk were very unhelpful. We wanted to leave our bags before check in and we were not aware that we had to pay .50 each time to open the locker in which the bag was stored. We have never had to pay to leave our bags. We had trouble with the centry old locker system and had to ask for help 3 times before recieving any. To follow..when we finally checked into our room, which was ready on time, we were disgusted. The decor is from the 70's. Not only the decor, but the comforter. It's digusting to think about how long that thing has been there! The room was average size, but the bathroom was no where nears average. I am 5' 120 lbs and had to turn sideways to get to the toliet! The bath tub was tiny and filled up with water when we showered. The water pressure was unbelievable. It felt like a horrible sun burn and we could make it easier without having the bath tub over flow!!!!!!!!! The bed was as hard as a rock and the pillows, just crap. We barely slept that night. There was paint coming off the walls and paper signs in the rooms say &quot; excuse the appearance&quot;. It was a total waste of our money. We had called down for room serive to bring more towels because they had not been replaced the entire day that we were gone, and had to call more than once. They were delivered by what looked to be an electrician??? We will never return to this hotel or ever give a good review about anything. Oh---The lobby is beautiful, but DO NOT judge this book by it's cover.	
Nov 1 2009	You pay for what you get. Average/good	I went to New York on a school trip in October half term for 5 days and we stayed at the Wolcott. First impressions: nice area, central, literally down the road from Macys and a clean and rather grand reception area. BUT....WHEN WE ARRIVED THERE WAS ALREADY 2 OTHER SCHOOL PARTIES THERE so be warned....it is a favourite for large youth groups. I was in a room of 3 and immediatley through the door there was a bed. There was then a bathroom and a doorway to the large room with 2 beds, a tables, t.v. and dressing tables. Prehaps not the newest and modernest interior but it was clean. The bathroom was smallish with a bath/shower toliet and sink but it was satisfactory and had been cleaned. The hotel does offer free coffee and muffins in the morning but due to the large number of school groups, i couldn't get near it. Honestly though, the tales about bed bugs and cock roaches are rubbish. our room was throughly cleaned daily and towels and laundry were fresh and clean. I am a hygine freak and honestly had no issues. Location wise, i think its difficult to beat. Macys it literally a strole away as with the empire state. A 10 minute walk to time square and easy access to subway stations. Just round the corner is a superb 24hour breakfast place called SPEEDY'S. It is actually brilliant anc not too pricy. It does self seleection cooked breakfasts, continental as well as frozen yougharts smoothies and all beverages imaginable. I got a bagle and large juice for under $5!!!! Its great. The hotel also has a shop connected to it, accessable from inside the hotel so water can be picked up cheaply at the start and end of each day. View wise, only the front rooms get them but for me, it was not a big deal as i could walk out of the hotel and be anywhere very quickly. A friends room has a broken lavatory, when they returned after a day out, it had been fixed. Didnt interact alot with the staff but all seemed pleasant, and willing to help. They organised a room to store out suitcases during the day as we had a night flight. Honestly though, im a fussy teenage girl and i thought i was absolotly fine and definately clean &amp;&amp; anyway, when you in New York, you have to be pretty sad to spent alot of time in the hotel. our days were so packed and we were so tiered it was literally a place to wash, sleep and change. Especially if you are going here on a school trip take my word it is fine and clean and actually rather a nice surprise. And also last time i went to nyc ii stayed in the embassy suites (part of the hilton chain) in lower manhattan with my parents so its not as if i dont know whats nice and whats not. There were also locks and latches on every door and a safe in every room so there was never a time when i felt unsafe with my friends or on my own within the hotel. enjoy your trip:)x	
Oct 28 2009 	Great City but not a great hotel.	The only good thing about the Wolcott Hotel is its location close to many otf the tourist attractions,the hotel is old, noisey and in dire need of a makeover,If you intend to go to this hotel make sure you take earplugs as the walls are paper thin and vibrate when the room doors are shut,seems like many guests take delight in slamming doors at 330 in the morning.The reception staff are indicative of the general attitude of many of the people who live and work in New York, they are sullen with little or no manners and are not all that friendly, our check out from the hotel was done in silence, not even a &quot;thank you&quot; or &quot;hope you enjoyed your stay&quot; was offered.Use a yellow cab to get to the airport as the driver of the shuttle bus company used by the hotel only knows one speed and that is &quot;pedal to the metal&quot; with scant regard to the comfort of the passengers or road safety.We would go back to NYC but not back to the Wolcott	
Oct 20 2009 	Cheap and Cheerful a little dated but it is 105 years old!!	Stayed at Wolcott from 28/9 - 7/10 in a junior suite (room 624) room was clean and bed and bedding good.Hot water in bathroom temperamental but plenty of it.Muffins were O.K. in the mornings but a little stodgy, better of going to a diner (there are heaps nearby).Laundry was good and easy to use and gym was O.K.My main complaint if any was that there is no free WIFI, other than that it was quite good for the price ($185.00 us/nt).Hope this helps.Oh, ps the location is excellent 1 block to empire state,2 blocks to Madison sq. and a subway stops 5 and ten minutes away.	
Oct 20 2009 	If they'd fix the water problem this would be just about perfect	I stayed at the Wolcott for three days in October. I stayed in a two twin room. The size of the room was fine and it was clean and comfortable. The hotel has a lot of character and the desk clerk was willing to accomodate an early check in.My only issue was with the water in the shower and sink. With the sink we'd get hot water from the cold tap and cold water from the hot tap. Once I figured that out, it wasn't a big deal. The bigger issue was the shower. The water would either randomly stop flowing (or reduce the flow to a trickle) or it would become extremely cold. Adjusting the hot and cold usually resulted in another burst of cold water or being scalded. If I had been staying longer this would have been more of a problem. I am assuming this is just one of the quirks of an older hotel.No, this isn't the Marriott. This hotel was built in 1904 so it isn't luxurious or brand new. But it is affordable, clean, close to a subway stop, and in a location that allows you to walk back and forth to TImes Square or the theater district if you so choose. The coffee and muffins in the lobby are really good, too. I'd definitely stay here again even with the water issue.	
Oct 18 2009 	Cheap and great!	I traveled to the hotel wolcott on a last minute trip with my friend. We had a great time here at the Wolcott. The room was bigger than expected and the bathroom was big enough for one at a time. The rooms had no smell and did not look dirty at all. We had no problems with the staff and breakfast was terrific. I will defintely stay here and no where else anytime I come back to NYC!!!!!! :)	
Oct 17 2009 	Great location and value for money	My friends and I stayed here for 5 nights. We arrived late on Saturday and the check in was smooth and swift, staff on the reception were very helpfull even printing out information for us from their computer.We had a room for three, twin in one room with a little room off this with a single bed in it. The room was clean and made up every day, bathroom small but sufficient with as much hot water as we needed, clean towels every day.The hotel was built in 1904, so yes if you look close enough it has a cracks here and there but it is full character, coffee and muffins in the morning are a great bonus.It is well placed in the city for everything shops, subway,Empire state building etc.Could not fault this hotel, ideal and fit for purpose as a base in New York.	
Oct 16 2009 	Beautiful historic hotel centrally located in NY for a very fair price!	The Wolcott Hotel is a 100 year old piece of art with beautiful lobby, large rooms, two blocks from Empire State Building, walking distance to theaters, central park, Broadway and Times Square. Very nice staff, good theater tickets and prices fron hotel. Donut-Coffee shop, pizza, and other handy stores just across street and around the corner on 5th Avenue. Price and locatiion was reasonable for area. Window air/heat units, shower over tub, flat screen tv, large room and large separate bath. Quieter than the Times Square area and more relaxing. Highly recommend the hotel for future visits to NY.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great location but room was disappointing.	The place felt dirty - like it needed a good scrubbing. From our window, we saw that the the outside of the building was covered in soot and dirt. We did not mind the small room, but the bathroom was horrible. Barely enough room to turn around from the sink to the toilet! The toilet would not stop running in the middle of the night...so we fixed it ourselves with a paperclip. It was impossible to control the water temperature in the shower. This hotel has wonderful potential because of its architectural beauty and details. Unfortunately, someone cut corners and went cheap during the last remodel.	
Oct 9 2009 	cheap and brilliant!!	i went with 2 friends for 10days and stayed at this hotel. i loved it,the rooms were very big and clean. it was in a excellent location,15mins walk from times sq, i would deffiantly recommend anyone to stay here!	
Oct 9 2009	Centerally located.. friendly staff!	Centrally located hotel close to times square. Rooms were always clean and free muffins and te/coffee was provided for guests in a morning.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great First Experience	The Hotel was great, the location was even better, right next to the Empire State Building. My family came from Italy and were very impressed. We had read some reviews regarding the hotel, but it turned out to be even better. The staff was great, they were always available and the rooms were clean and well kept. It's an older hotel with a lot of history and charm. If you are looking for something from the past, this is it!	
Sep 24 2009 	Pleasant staff Good Price Good sized rooms for NYC	I stayed at this hotel last month and this hotel did the job just fine. The staff was friendly and even remembered my name and they would say goodnight to us when we'd come in the hotel to go to bed at 4am. lol. Realy nice guys. The hotel was a good size for NYC standards (by other city standards the room would be considered tiny but for NYC it was a really good size). The room and bathroom were clean. I really enjoyed my stay there, although we werent there much. I would stay here again next time in NYC.	
Sep 23 2009 	Good compromise	This hotel is a very good compromise in new York where the room price is so expensive.It is located at 5 minute walk from the Empire State Building in a quiet street.The room was spacious and the bed was comfortable.Unfortunately, people don't care about you during the night and you are woke up almost every night because of people coming back from party.The breakfast is not a real breakfast since the hotel only puts some Muffins and coffe on a table at the entrance. There is no table, no chair, ...	
Sep 20 2009 	Not good	Front desk not helpful. Room poorly maintained--plumbing , and water temperature varies. Internet must pay extra. Although cheaper, value is not there. Would not recommend. Computer (business center) is too slow and thus requires constantly feeding dollars.	
Sep 16 2009 	Fab location excellent price	This hotel is a great place to stay for people not wanting to spend over the odds just to be in Times Square, it is only 10 blocks away, about a 10/15 minute walk. The rooms were spacious and we actually had a view of the Empire State Building from our room. Free coffee, OJ and muffins in the lobby at breakfast was a great start to the day.	
Sep 13 2009 	Nice and central	My and my girlfriend started here on our round the world trip. This hotel was clean and tidy in the lobby area with really helpful staff. Breakfast was coffee and muffins with orange juice as well. The rooms where old but clean. the entrance is nice with marble everywhere.Stayed 4 nights and its smack bang in the middle of everything. a short walk will take you to the main attractions if you need a train then the metro is 2 blocks down. Good place to stay for a couple of night but not for a long 2 week holiday.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great value and location!	I've just returned from NYC where I stayed 9 days at Wolcott Hotel with my friend and her 6 y.o. daughter. We stayed in room 1124. When we got to the hotel and opened the door to our Junior Suite that had 2 rooms, my first impression was that it was way too small but since it was the best price in Manhattan that I could find and an awesome location I wasn't upset. After all we spent little time at the hotel. There's always something good and something not so good about each hotel and though I was completely satisfied with Wolcott I wanted to share some things with those who are looking for a hotel in NYC. Had I known some of those tips I would have brought conditioner with me. :)What I liked about Wolcott:1) Great location. It's very close to Empire State building on one side of the street and to Penn Station, Macy's and 5th Ave on the other. For the lovers of Korean food there's lots of Korean restaurants on the 32nd St right next to the 31st St where Wolcott is located. There's Subway &amp; Dunkin Donuts on the other side of the street from Wolcott.2) Has 2 TVs in Junior Suite, one in each room. Has one queen bed in one room and 2 twin beds in the other (one of the beds is a roll-away bed that is hidden underneath another bed) . Junior Suite has 2 closet with plenty of hangers.3) There is an iron and a safe in the room.4) They have coffee and several kinds of muffins for breakfast in the morning. (There's not much room in the lobby to have breakfast so we always took our breakfast to the room). 5) Towels were changed daily even when we didn't leave them on the floor.6) There's a tour agent in the lobby from 8am to 8pm that offers great one day trips to Washington D.C., Boston and Philadelphia. I went to Washington D.C. and Boston with them and absolutely loved the tours.7) The sheets were clean and beds were very comfortable. And now some things that could be better...1) There was only shampoo in the bathroom. No conditioner or shower gel.2) There was no coffee maker in the room.3) No fridge in the room4) The hotel doesn't have a pool and I don't think that they have a gym either.5) The air conditioners in the rooms were not working well. I always had mine at 75F but you had to keep in on all night to get the room temperature to 75F by morning and they turn air conditioners off during the day so it gets warm in the room.6) No free high speed internet. The only free internet I found in NYC was on 5th Ave (near Times Square) in an Information Center but you can only use it for 15 min and the lines are always long there.Overall, I did like my stay at Wolcott and if I ever go back to NYC I'll definitely stay here again since the location is great and their prices are unbeatable. I would recommend this hotel to those who is looking for a budget hotel and doesn't plan on spending too much time in the room while in NYC.	
Aug 2 2009 	Take The Bad With The Good	My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon last year. I have stayed in many a different hotels in New York and we tried this for my husbands very first trip there. The price was right and the location was very good. I enjoyed the entrance and the old feel of the hotel. The staff was incredibly helpful and very nice to us. They helped us find some wonderful places to eat and called transportation limos for us. The biggest problem I had was that they were remodeling while we stayed and found it to be quite noisy on the days we wanted to sleep in. We also found that the smell of plaster and paint could be overwhelming at times and a bit unbearable even after you had been out all day and needed to breath...which proved to be hard at time. However, the issues we had were not lasting and they have probably stopped remodeling at this point. We had a great stay and if you need anything, they are so willing to make sure your stay is the best it can be!	
Jul 28 2009 	Great location!	We stayed here for 11 nights in July and the hotel was absolutely perfect for us. Before making reservations I had read many rewievs since I wanted to find the perfect, afordable hotel for our first trip to New York. The location was absolutely perfect with many sights within walking distance and the room was spacious and clean. We were very satisfied with the hotel!	
Jul 24 2009 	Pleasant surprise	I stayed with my son and God daughter for two wonderful days. We stayed in a triple room that was much larger and nicer than expected. The hotel service was very prompt and courteous. For the price we paid (150.00 a night with tax) you could not go wrong. I will return on my next trip.	
Jul 13 2009	Enjoyable stay at the Wolcott	Stayed here 3 nights with a school party of 25. Staff were very helpful with check in being very slick. Rooms were more than satisfactory for a budget hotel in the centre of the city. They were a good size and very clean. Very limited breakfast of muffins and coffee offered (They are free). These are offered in the lobby and there is no separate dining room so finding a seat can be rather tricky. Hotel was excellent for our needs with the location being perfect for exploring the city. I would have no problem with taking a school group here again.	
Jun 10 2009 	A Hidden Gem	This was my 1st visit and I would definatley stay there again .	
Jun 2 2009 	Could do 	What a disappointment this hotel was. The Wolcott is situated in a fantastic location for the sights of New York city with the Empire State building just around the corner. Unfortunately it leaves much to be desired. The rooms are small, dingy and not too clean. Our actual room smelt of moth balls until we placed the bed covers in the wardrobe! The sheets and towels were clean but the room itself looked and felt dirty. Even after showering each day I still did not feel clean. The room itself lacked shelves, tea making facilities, and good enjoyable t/v channels. Having to pay to use the internet was poor. The hotel entrance was very elegant even though the carpet could have done with a good clean!Free coffee and cakes in the morning was a nice touch but after a long day sight seeing tea and coffee making facilities in the room would have been more appreciated. The staff were helpful and friendly.All In all this hotel needs a complete re-furbishment and also its owners need to look into the comfort and needs of its clients more than the money it can make from them. If and when this happens it might just get a good write up. Sorry Woolcott but that is my impression, wished it could have been better!	
May 28 2009 	Location and price can't be beat	For what all you get, I've heard that some of the rooms in NYC are very small and pricy. For this hotel's cost, the room was nice, clean and large. There was no noise during the busy holiday season of our stay. The view was not so great from our room but the location of the hotel was close to Macy's, and we walked from Times Square. Not bad at all!	
May 26 2009 	Great Location for sightseeing!	Many people moan on here about the price - but the fact is that there is no such thing as a cheap hotel in New York. The Wolcott is reasonably good value for money - it is right by the Empire State building and it is easy to get around from there. Our room was big with a spare bed too! Two TV's, hairdryer, iron, phone. The bathroom was spacious and clean and we had no problems with water running cold or boiling as other people have said. There is coffee / tea and muffins every morning - it's not amazing but at least you don't have to go out on an empty stomach! We stayed for seven nights and everything was great - we went to see New York though so didn't spend much time in the hotel.	
May 5 2009 	Great Hotel - NYC	Just back from NYC which we were staying at the Hotel Wolcott could not fault this hotel, our room was spacious and we actually had a extra single bed, in the rooms we had TV, air conditioning which we needed as the weather was really warm in the high 80's, it has had an iron, iron board and hair dryer. The shower and bath was a separate room and the towels were cleaned on a daily basis and also the rooms cleaned. Each morning you could go down to reception for coffee and muffins which was as nice touch. Location was great just a few blocks from Empire State Building, Macy's, Madison Sq Gardens and Broadway. Had a great time in NYC and our hotel was great would be here again.	
Apr 15 2009 	Clean comfortable 	Myself &amp; my husband spent easter weekend at the Wolcott &amp; had a great time. The room was cleaned daily, fresh towels every day &amp; the bed was very comfortable, staff were very helpful &amp; attentive. Coffee and muffins were ideal to get you ready for the day ahead. View from the window was not great but we didn't go to stay in the room.I would definetely stay again.	
Apr 9 2009 	DNS: Dirty Noisy Small	We wanted to stay in a hotel close to the center of NY and found Wolcott Hotel which was advertised to be renovated and clean. Well, the entrance hall indeed was nicely refurbished in a pompous old style. But the entrance hall is not were you sleep or take a shower. The rooms were small, not exactly dirty but grubby, and the beds quite unconfortable. If you are claustrophobic you cannot take a shower in this hotel. If you prefere to take a warm shower go to a spa somewhere in NewYork. If there even is water comming out of the shower head it is either ice cold or burning hot. Flushing the toilet led to blockage almost every time. The quality of service is differing. The room maid was friendly and gave us an extra blanket so two of us could sleep at least some hours in the micro beds. Checking in, the concierge didn´t want to find our reservation until I finally found the printout of the online booking and could proof it. Still we were given single rooms though booking rooms with two beds. Hotels in NY can obviously choose their guests. The breakfast consisted of a muffin and the most American coffee I ever had to taste (you know what I mean!). There was no restaurant just some seats in most cases occupied by kids running around in the hotel during the night. This couldn´t bother me though as the windows let all the noise from NYPD blue inside. To be serious: choose this hotel only if you don´t find a cheaper one!	
Mar 8 2009 	Too pricey very basic hotel.	We stayed over in September 08 when the weather is cooling. Location was close to Times Square. Staff at reception were quite friendly. Hotel is a very old building. Room was large and clean though. They tidy the washroom everyday. Close to main roads so quite noisy if the windows are open. Breakfast (muffins) were included each morning, but after the 1st day, we got bored because it was the same muffins and coffee/tea every day. Considering the price we paid, it was not worth it.	
Feb 24 2009 	Fab Hotel!	Stayed at the Wolcott over thanksgiving 08. Our room was larger than I expected and had a view of the Empire State Building!! I was a tad worried about what I was letting myself in for after reading some reviews but I have no major issues. The room &amp; bathroom were clean, towels were changed daily and the staff were polite and helpful. The only downside was a tempremental shower!! It had a mind of its own but sometimes a cool shower is just what you need first thing in the morning!The location was superb - between 5th Ave and Broadway and only three blocks away from the ESB. Perfect!Would definately stay there again!	
Feb 23 2009	Great Value and a fab big room	My sister and I stayed at the Wolcott for 2 weeks as we were celebrating my fortieth birthday with 2 weeks of fun in NYC. We got our twin room very cheaply on Hostels.com and it was a fantastic big room - the biggest I've ever stayed in in any major city. The room was cleaned every day and the bathroom was serviceable with a good powerful shower -towels were changed daily. On our first day we discovered that the safe in our room wasn't working and the receptionist sent someone up to look at it right away. He couldn't fix it but they just gave us a free safe behind the reception. This was awkward at times as one of the guys behind the reception was extremely unfriendly but he perked up when I pointed out to him that I had never met such a rude man! The rest of the staff were friendly and helpful and passed on all the various messages that tour companies that we had booked with left us. The location couldn't be better as it is right in midtown near a choice of subway stations. The free muffins and coffee in the morning were great for tiding us over until we went for brunch. This is a great budget hotel - I've previously stayed at the Pennsylvania and preferred this one. I would definitely go back!	
Feb 5 2009	Great location!	My husband and I picked this hotel based on affordability and location. The lobby is gorgeous and our room was clean and comfortable. What surprised us the most was how quiet it was. If you are on a budget, I would definitely recommend!	
Jan 6 2009 	Good Budget Hotel	Stay started bad when the hotel could not find record of our pre-paid Travelocity reservation. However, after Travelocity faxed the reservation to the front desk the remainder of the stay was good. There were three of us traveling on a limited budget and the Wolcott was able to offer a room with 3 twin beds for the 4 nights we stayed. The room was reasonably priced and large by NYC standards. The room was clean on arrival and was cleaned daily. Of course, the location is great.The view from the room was of the back of another building. (But we didn't come to NYC to see it from the room anyway!) The biggest problem we experienced (after finally checking in) was temperature control in the room. Heat is controlled by adjusting valves on a radiator. The room was always too hot or too cold. Overall, we had a good stay. I would stay here again.	
Jan 3 2009 	enjoyed our stay	me and my partner stayed at the wolcott hotel and enjoyed our stay, if you are going to explore new york city and use the hotel as a base just to sleep in then this hotel is perfect. during our stay my partner and i didnt experience any problems everyone was friendly and helpful but best of all was the location of the hotel itself it was close to everything the subways to get around which we found was the cheapest way to explore nyc,5th avenue macys the empire state building etc...we would definately stay at the wolcott again for a cheap holiday to new york	
Jan 1 2009 	Great Location	Great location, just one block from Empire State.Great for those on a budget.Clean and large rooms, friendly staff.	
Dec 31 2008	Never again!!	I booked the Walcott for a weekend shopping break with my Mum for her birthday. We both agreed that the hotel was just a base to sleep so as long as it was clean, warm and comfortable we were quite happy. Not the case, here is our list of issues: - Not provided with the twin beds requested but a double and a put up bed. - The radiator in the main room leeked badly so had to be turned off resulting in a very cold room. - The central heating system made a loud banging noise through the night keeping us both awake. - The shower water temperature could not be regulated so you either froze or got scolded. - The put up bed had fleas (I was bitten several times!) - Air conditioning unit did not work.After just one night, with no sleep, flea bites and freezing cold, we packed up and moved to the Radisson one block up which was by far superior in every way and actually cheaper in the end than the Walcott. We would never go back to this hotel or recommend it, definately a false economy.	
Dec 26 2008	hotel OK DO NOT use concierge	I recently took my family of 5 for a first time holiday in NY, the hotel was in an excellent location, rooms were clean and tidy and quite well priced. The whole experience was however spoiled by the exhorbitant prices charged by the concierge to book anything. As we were on a time budget, we relied on the hotel to assist with this service, but quickly found out we were overcharged on all services. When we challenged the prices, the concierge and hotel hid behind the old &quot;Its a seperate business&quot; line, and took no responsibility for the concierge.I can recommend the hotel as a reasonably priced hotel, just don't under any circumstances use the concirege services or you will pay way too much	
Dec 18 2008 	Minimalist in everything but the price!!!	This was our second visit to New York in a year and the hotel was booked for us by some friends. Situated on West 31st Street the Wolcott Hotel is specifically geared towards tourists. The operating principles of the management team appear to evolve round the fact that they are within walking distance of Macy’s and that that’s all they need to do. We stayed in a Queen’s suite for 7 Nights in December 2008. The 2 rooms were large enough but basic. Why they felt the need to supply a TV in both rooms and yet no facilities for making tea or coffee is strange to say the least. The coffee and muffins supplied in the lobby at breakfast time are nice but come across at an attempt to appease the otherwise general lack of facilities that you’d assume were the norm these days. On the day we checked out we checked under the drawers of the dresser to see if any of our clothes had fallen behind. There was a substantial selection of other people’s underwear that appeared to have been there for some time which was probably indicative of the room service standards. The taps in the bathroom leaked, the heating was noisy, the bed not particularly comfortable and bathroom extras were kept to an absolute minimum. One reviewer described the hotel as ‘Shabby Chic’ but I’m not sure where the ‘Chic’ bit came from. One final word of warning to anyone thinking of booking this hotel. The original quote for the stay omitted the three different taxes that are required for hotels in the city. This added a further $50 a night onto our already overinflated hotel bill. In summary there are much better hotels in New York in this price range and although we’d definitely go back to New York we won’t be staying at the Wolcott. The rooms may be large and the location reasonable but I have a problem with an establishment that thinks that that’s all they need to do to justify taking your hard earned cash.	
Dec 18 2008 	For a cheap Hotel..this one is pretty GOOD!	My boyfriend and I stayed at The Wolcott for 5 days, we were travelling across America so was on a budget with accommodation. With this hotel you do get what you pay for really. The hotel was ok..I am quite fussy where I stay and with cleanliness but I actually thought the hotel was quite nice. The rooms are small but that is common with hotel rooms in NY, the one downfall was the air conditioning, it didn't work very well and gave out a weird smell. To be honest if your site seeing and shopping etc you are hardly ever at the hotel and it literally was a place to sleep. The staff on reception were great and very helpful, you also get free coffee and muffins for breakfast. The Wolcott is in a brilliant location, right by The Empire State Building!I didn't find the concierge helpful at all, I tried to book a few tours with them and they told me the tours I wanted were fully booked, this also happened with tickets to a Broadway show, however I managed to get the tickets from other places myself. So watch out for that one! If you are a student then definatly bring your student card as you get tickets for a quarter of the original price. I saw The Little Mermaid for $30, the original price of the seats were £160. Another recommendation is to take the Greyline bus tours as you get to see the whole of Manhattan with a great tour guide. It's good as you get to see everything and has lots of stops at all the main attractions. If you want a good NY steak then go to Smith and Wollensky's, its pricy but worth it...the steaks are amazing!If I was on a budget then I would definatly stay at The Walcott again, for a cheap hotel, this one is pretty good!	
Dec 17 2008 	Looks great BEDBUGS NOT SO GREAT!	A friend and I stayed at the Wolcott Hotel for one week in May of '07. I booked the hotel since it got so many good reviews, was in a very good location, and was very affordable. When I arrived, I was very happy with my pick. The lobby is gorgeous, nice bagels in the a.m., the room was small but nice, etc.. However, after the first night, I began to notice red blotches creeping up my arms. I went down to the lobby and showed them the blotches. I did not know about bed bugs. The receptionist said she would talk to management, and they would call me.Management called and said that they didn't know why I had these blotches, that were now quite itchy, but that they would send someone to the room to strip the bed. I thought that they thought it might have something to do with the sheets and how they were washed. Management then offered to move us to another room on the same floor. I was advised to shake out all my clothing before taking it to the new room. I thought that was odd, but I did it. While the new room was being made up, I chatted with the maid. She told me that she reported having seen a bug when she changed the bedding.My friend and I talked to the management. The person we spoke to was a stand-in for the manager, who reportedly was at a funeral. By this time, my friend was also bitten-- though nowhere as badly as I had been, and I now had bites all over my torso, arms and legs, and beginning to creep up my face. I was in agony. We asked to have our money refunded, but were only given a partial refund. They also did not assume any responsibility for the problem being due to bed bugs, and kept suggesting it was a topical allergy. We were taken aback by the treatment we received by management.By the next night, the bites were so bad that I had to go to an Emergency Room for treatment. I considered legal action because my medical fees were now in excess of $1,000-- after insurance. However, since I live far away, it would be too costly to pursue a law suit. When I returned home and saw my medical doctor, he said he had never seen anyone bitten so badly. I have pictures that I took, and to this day, it amazes me.It seems that some, many even many people, escaped my fate. I am sharing this because if you aren't so lucky, it will really be awful.	
Dec 8 2008 	You Get What You Pay For!!!!	Myself and two girlfriends stayed at the Wolcott during our stay in Manhattan. First impressions as we pulled up were great, right between 5th avenue and broadway and a lovely looking hotel. Within 2 minutes we met the first receptionist, what a happy bunch they were! I think they were afraid if they smiled thier faces might crack!!!We had a smoking room so new it would not be as good a standard as a non smoking. First impressions of the room, it was clean and the beds were very comfy. We had a triple room with three single beds. The first bed was literaly in the doorway and we had trouble shutting the door as the bedclothes were caught in it!! Anything that was metal would give us an electric shock! We mentioned this to reception and he said it was from us walking on the carpets and causing static electricity, should we have been walking on the ceiling!!!!It was freezing the weekend we went so we had to have the heating on. The radiators made the most awful banging noise for most of the night, keeping us awake.The concierge was about as helpful as a chocolate teapot!There are a few good points, The location is great and when we wanted to check in for our flights on line there was a computer for us to do this.	
Dec 6 2008 	Loved this Hotel	We stayed at The Wolcott for 5 nights from 26th November to 1st December, and thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. The hotel is beautiful. Despite what I've read in many other reviews, the reception staff could not have been nicer or more helpful. The elevators are quite slow though (which has been mentioned in previous reviews), but this is no biggie! Our room was quite large, very clean, and we also got a terrific view of the Empire State Building. Housekeeping came every day during our stay. This is obviously a budget hotel, but the standard is very high for the price. It is located very centrally, just 2 blocks from the Empire State Building and Macy's. There is no restaurant in the hotel, but there's a Dunkin Donuts across the road, and a terrific Irish Pub just 1 block away (which serves the best steak I've ever had!)I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 1 2008 	Superb hotel!!	We stayed in the Wolcott for our honeymoon. The hotel was in a superb location. The room was fine - clean and we had everything changed whenever needed.The hotel staff were really helpful and sorted out our travel without any hassle. We did have the muffins and tea/coffee and they were fine if not spectacular. Dunkin Donuts across the road was excellent.The only criticism is all the taxes added to your bill at the end - about $30 a night!! It didn't make the hotel anywhere near as cheap as we first thought.	
Nov 28 2008	Old World Charm	We have stayed at this hotel twice. The hotel is historical, and has a very charming lobby. The first time we got a very large nice room. The second time we arrived, we got a small crammed room overlooking the dumpster. Asked to look at two other rooms, and finallly settled on one with a view of the Empire State Building. This room was much smaller and plainer than the room we had had during our first stay at Wolcott Hotel. The hotel is at very convenient location, near the Empire State Building and Fifth Avenue.	
Nov 28 2008 	Great Location	This Hotel was exactly what I expected. It is very old and certain areas could do with a bit of refurbishment but I suppose that all adds to the character. The room was very spacious by New York standards and very clean although the decor leaves a lot to be desired. The location is great, we could see the empire state building from our room and everything we wanted was in walking distance or a short taxi ride. On the whole a reasonably priced hotel with clean and spacious rooms which is all you need when you're staying in New York as you don't really spend much time there.	
Nov 23 2008	Wedding Plans Dashed!	In sharing the story of our unfortunate ordeal with the Hotel Wolcott sales staff, we hope to save other potential customers (esp. brides-to-be) similar experiences. The bait-and-switch routine that the Hotel Wolcott attempted was unprofessional and inexcusable. We are very disappointed that this beautiful hotel is staffed by management little business sense.Searching for elements that go into your wedding is like dating, a lot of “not-evers”, to “almosts” until you magically find one that’s right. Such was the case with the Hotel Walcott. We had stumbled upon it almost completely by accident, but from the moment we stepped into its opulent Beaux-Arts lobby we felt this was “the one”. We contacted the Walcott sales office to book rooms for our 25+ wedding guests. The sales agent (Crystal) seemed friendly, but tried to sell us on $245/night as the regular price for April 2009. I pointed out that their website listed $225/night. After checking she offered us $200/night, roughly a 10% discount over the price on the website, and with a little more prodding came down to $190. But my spidey senses were tingly… I felt I was being scammed somehow. Still, we were in love, and decided to book. My fiancé called back a couple days later and spoke to Crystal and her manager (Paul), and was shocked to be briskly dismissed. Not only were they refusing to give us the quoted rate, they didn’t want to accept any wedding blocks, something that should have been brought to our attention in the first place! We were crushed. Seeking a compromise, we offered to guarantee them at least 15 rooms, and would even put our credit card down to reserve. No good, as they reminded us “those were just quotes, not a guarantee.” If we wanted our guests to stay at the esteemed Wolcott, they’d have to call in and reserve themselves.We took our business elsewhere.	
Nov 18 2008 	Can't go wrong booking this hotel	Had the pleasure of staying in this fantastic hotel early November. The building is beautiful. We got to see the old ballroom just behind the reception desk ( our bags were kept in there cos we had a late flight home). The ballroom used to be a big old jazz club in New York in the 1920's and you can just feel and smell the history as you enter the room.The location could not be better, everywhere is within walking distance ( once you have comfy shoes ). It's the best way to see New York and all the sights and shops too.The staff were very friendly and helpful and the rooms big, clean, tv, safe, bathroom.......everything you could want.Will go back someday ( soon I hope :-) )	
Nov 17 2008 	Great	Location is why I titeled it great. We also had a big, clean bathroom. Got extremely low rates, and would therefore not have any reason complain, even if we weren't satisfied. But overall very pleased with the accommodation.	
Nov 14 2008	A wonderful time in new york	The wallcot hotel is in a good location, the rooms are spacious and clean. The people are fairly friendly and the coffee and muffins are a good start to the day. The hotel is shabby chic, but still well worth a visit. Myself and my husband stayed there on the 1st nov 2008 for 4 nights.. The tours by viator are well worth booking, exspecially the new york city tour, worth every penny and more. A visit to central park and a horse and carriage ride is worth it, and you must go on the subway. A wonderful trip.	
Nov 1 2008	Great location !! Good price....	My mum and I spent 5 nights at this hotel in October. The main reason for chosing this hotel was the price. It was much more reasonable than most of the others. We wanted to spend our dollars exploring (and shopping!) rather than on an expensive hotel. And I am so glad we did..... This hotel was perfect. Yes, the rooms were basic, but they had everything we needed (comfy bed, tv, big bathroom, safe), plus they served coffee and muffins every morning in the lobby. And speaking of the lobby, how lovely!! It was really grand, and you could read up on the history of the building whilst drinking your coffee :-)The other main reason I would recommend this hotel is the location. You can't get more ideal. It was right next door (well, as good as) to the Empire State Building, just off 5th Avenue (oh, the shops!) Maddison Sq gardens was only a short walk away, and we found just by wandering around we soon hit Times Sq, Central Park etc. Infact we only used the subway once, and that was to get to the Staten Island ferry (and surrounding areas).There are plenty of places to eat and drink nr the hotel too, mainly deli style places, but that's what we wanted.Staff were polite and helpful too. Oh, and there is a Dunkin' Donuts just accross the road, which was frequented by officers from the NYPD. I know, I'm not very mature laughing at cops eating donuts, but that did tickle me :-)	
Oct 29 2008 	Great location welcome could be better	I stayed here with my teenage daughters for three nights. We had expected a triple room (two single beds with an adjoining single bed partitioned off) so were disappointed to get just one room with two singles and what was like a hospital bed put in front of the TV. As the room was at the back - no view but pretty quiet - we decided to stick with it - the beds were comfy and we slept fairly well even with the window open! Good things about the hotel: fantastic location (less than 10 mins walk to 34th street); as much coffee and muffins as you can get down you in the morning; overall good value for money; reasonably quiet - at least at the back; clean enough.Bad things about the hotel: A bit shabby; slow lifts but most of all - with the exception of one young girl on the visitors desk - miserable staff!! Not so much rude as unwelcoming. Someone please teach them to smile ....	
Sep 26 2008 	We Love This Hotel!	My son and I have stayed at the Hotel Wolcott on two separate occasions, and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay both times. You can't beat it for the money and location. The rooms are a decent size, clean, and the staff were pleasant and helpful. The lobby is amazing. It makes you feel as though you've stepped back in time. They have lockers, a concierge, and a gift shop/snack store. They also have snack machines. It's within easy walking distance of not only MSG and the Empire State Bldg, but also a donut shop, a post office, and tons of souviner shops. If I had one complaint, though, it would be the morning ritual of slamming doors. We wanted to sleep in most mornings, but with all the door slamming in the hallway, it was pretty impossible. Other than that, no complaints at all. We would definently stay there again and have recommended it to friends.	
Sep 26 2008 	fabulous position 	Me and a girlfriend had fab 5 nights location was walking distance from Times Sq, and only 3 blocks from Empire State building, it is an old building but location cantbe faulted	
Sep 25 2008 	Dont Ever Stay There	This hotel was a joke. From arriving there nothing worked. We had to change rooms on arrival as the one allocated was so dark you needed the lights on and could not move around the bed, plus the place smelt of bleach. The new room was larger but then the troubles began, there was no ironing board, the hairdryer did not work, the shower taps had missing logos so did not know hot from cold and then did not work, had to get 4 requests for the safe to work and overall 8 different calls to fix the toilet over 2 days. the room was dirty, not hoovered around the skirtings which resulted in my son being bitten by possible fleas or bed bugs. To top it all we booked for transfers back to JFK and it turned up over 1 hour late and the bookings girl was more interested in looking though the internet, plus her english was terrible. Trust me, pay the extra and go to a different hotel, I will never recommend the place to anyone. The hotel is running on its past history, yes the foyer is very pretty but who cares about Buddy Holly, the hotel is very tired and run down.	
Sep 24 2008 	Lovely hotel old and grand	We stayed at the Wolcott for 4 nights. As you walk in the entrance is lobby is very grand and beautiful. The lifts are a long wait and very small, but why complain, that's just how it is. The staff seemed OK, not overly friendly, but not rude either. As we had an evening flight home we asked to leave our bags in reception and got taken out the back to deposit them and there is the most amazing old ballroom there, which seems such a waste. It is beautiful and is just used as a storage area. Apparently they were thinking of making it into a restaurant. It would be wonderful if they did. If you get chance do have a look.The location wasn't bad. Near Macy's and the ESB, but there aren't many places to eat closey by. The best we found was the Empire Diner at the bottom of the ESB, but apart from that it was a fairly long walk to the Times Square area where all the best restaurants are. There is an Irish bar/restaurant to the left of the hotel, a couple of blocks which wasn't too bad and very reasonably priced.Our room was small, but clean and we weren't in it much anyway, too much to see and do. I'd recommend going to New York at Christmas time (from 1 December onwards) when all the lights, shop windows and decorations are up. The ice skating rinks in Central Park and by the Rockefeller are lovely too. It snowed while we were there, which added to the Christmas feel. It's my second trip to New York and my partner's first and we both absolutely love the place. Macy's is to die for. We spent a lot of time in there and bought most of our Christmas pressies to bring home.We had no complaints about the Wolcott hotel, but when we go again, hopefully next December, we'd stay a bit closer to Time Square.	
Sep 24 2008 	Great Short Stay	The Hotel is in an ideal location just around the corner from the Empire State Building. The staff were very pleasant and there was free coffe/tea and muffins every morning in the hotel lobby. Room was clean and presentable although our room was facing 5th avenue and traffic could be noisy late at night.	
Sep 10 2008 	Great Location clean and comfortable..	Having searched extensively for a 3 bed hotel room in New York - I found the Wolcott...offering just that. Not only was it a great location, but it was clean and reasonably priced for New York hotel prices. Staff were friendly, the room was serviced everyday (fresh towels if required), coffee in the mornings was great, as were the muffins. I would definitely recommend the Wolcott. Probably the only negative point I would make would be regarding the noisy air-conditioners...but if you want to stay cool...just take ear plugs.	
Aug 27 2008	couldn't beat it with a big stick	Both my girlfriend and myself spend 7 nights in the Wolcott. This was my first time staying in NYC and found this hotel absolutely fantastic.The greatest strengh of this hotel without any doubt, is it's location. The Empire State building is within 5 minutes walking distance, Times Square is within 10 minutes walking distance and Penn station is about a 5 minute's walk also.I found the staff not overly friendly, saying that, it has to be noted that they were helpful. The room was clean and there was enough space for the two of us. The bathroom decor was dated, but the shower was great and we were provided with ample supplies of fresh towels each morning, the cleaning staff did a great job as the hotel and it's rooms were always clean and tidy.I found our room very quiet, I was surpised by this particulary as we were staying down town Manhattan. Each morning guests were provided with complimentary muffins, coffee and newspapers, which was nice.The A.C. in our room was alittle noisy, but you can't have everything in a 2star at a great price. The hotel shuttle bus service is also great value at 45 dollars.Overall great, would stay again.M. Mullan and M. Mc GreevyBelfast	
Aug 22 2008 	Nice hotel great price superb location	We stayed here for two nights in May and really enjoyed it. The hotel itself is fine and clean, beds comfortable and bathroom adequate and clean. For the price in NYC it is very good and the location for us was perfect. Wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Aug 20 2008	Hotel Wolcott	We stayed 8 nights at this hotel. It was great. Location was within walking distance to everything. Room was good. Would recommend it to anyone, family, couples.	
Jul 17 2008 	A very positive experience	Stayed here for the Memorial Day weekend '08. Overall, a VERY good experience for people who do not expect a 5-star service from a 2-star hotel. I would especially note that the hallways, the room, and the bathroom were very clean and nice. The wonderful location and the daily room service made my stay very pleasant.I do join those reviewers that noted the grumpiness of the front desk staff: when I gave my printed reservation with my name on it in BIG BOLD LETTERS to the front desk employee, he greeted me with the following: &quot;Give me your ID, without it how would I know that I'm looking at you and not at a chicken?&quot; No kidding. But I guess that's noo-yawkish, maybe...My days were very busy, so I never actually got around to having their breakfast - but that's really not necessary given the numerous cafes/restaurants that are located in the two-three blocks vicinity. Dunkin Donuts is right across the street, for example.In general, I DO recommend this hotel for a short stay in the Midtown area.	
Jul 3 2008 	Amazing location for the money.. awesome air conditioning a MUST in NYC summer	The Wolcott hotel is Central to all attractions in NYC a few blocks from Empire State building and Penn station (subway/trains to anywhere in NYC). The hotel was cheap good value and clean, awful view but what do you expect for that kind of money in New York?!? I was dreading the hotel after I had read some of the reviews on here but fear not, our room was fine! If people want good views and air con that doesnt rattle in New York then shell out more money! There is the best wine cheese and chocolate bar right across the street which serves the best brie I've ever tasted...I'd recommend the hotel as a cheap no frills stay in NYC.	
Jun 25 2008 	The Good The Bad 	I went up to NYC for the Belmont Stake this year and wanted a hotel close to Penn Station for Friday night so that I could take the train right to the track Saturday morning. Since I wasn't planning on spending a lot of time in the room, I was also looking for a &quot;bargin.&quot; The Good: Location, location, location. A few block form Penn Station and all subbways. They also have &quot;lockers&quot;downstairs where you can secure small belongings prior to check-in and after check-out for $1. There is a free Continental Breakfast, but it was too crowded for me, so I went to &quot;Jimmy's&quot; (fast service and good food http://www.menupix.com/nyc/restaurants.php?id=301570# ) around the corner on Madison. There is also a great French resturant, Serge, a block up on Madison. Take a walk down to 29th (Park/Madison) to have a drink at classy Red Sky (http://www.redskynyc.com/default.htm). Finally, my room had three twin beds, which work out nice for a family.The Bad: This is an older hotel that has had some updates so don't expect a deluxe bathroom. The elevator is slow and small and I don't particularly like standing body to body with strangers. The front desk staff was grumpy and there is no express check out. This hotel seems to get a lot of tourists so I would not recommend for a business traveler. Stay at the Vinici Avalon nearby.The Ugly: It appeared that the one twin bed had not been changed. Now, I grew up on a farm, so there is very little that bothers me, but the bug that I saw in the bathroom in the middle of the night was the last straw. Looking more like a beetle than I roach, I don't know who wsa suprised more - me or it. Anyhow, I kept the light on and did my handicapping the rest of the night.The Result: I had $10 to win on the winner, and hit the Tri-fecta, thanks to Big Brown.BHR	
Jun 25 2008 	Super Hotel	We returned last week from a week stay at the Wolcott. The hotel is a beautiful hotel with great service. Muffins in the morning in the lobby are good and free! Decor is a bit dated, but I'm not there to spend the week in the hotel room. We had some problems with hot water. We had to let the shower run for about 20 minutes before we had any. They gave us a handicapped accessible bathroom which was cool because it was bigger. Also, they make you turn the air conditioning off during the day, which in this energy saving world is great. The problem was that the window air conditioner in our room was not insulated properly and I could see outside in the corner. Not so energy saving. The hotel is in a nice location a few blocks from Herald Square and Macy's. We had a view of apartments from our window, but tht made it very quiet. The staff was great and treated my mother in a wheelcahir wonderfully. We would stay here again for the price.	
Jun 22 2008 	What a great hotel	I was able to book a great room in less than 24hr notice. I was able to get an early check in with a quick phone call, and that was the start of stellar service.The room itself was clean and very quiet. For my first stay in Manhattan I was surprised at how quiet it was in our room. The location was great as it was just a few block from time square and penn station and we didn't have to pay the price we would have paid staying just a few blocks away.We were in the city a bit later than checkout, but they let us keep our bags in storage past bag storage removal time. The manager, Naeem Butt was the key to our great stay. He was very helpful the entire stay. Oh yea, they had free breakfast. Free food in Manhattan? Fantastic. I highly recommend this place, and I will definitely stay there next time I'm in town.	
Jun 22 2008 	Great hotel	Great hotel in a great location. Very clean and good value. i have stayed here very year for the past 6 years and recommend it.	
May 21 2008 	brilliant place to stay	Coming from Boston on the bus we arrived at the Port Authority, just $6 (+ tip..average 17.5%) for a taxi to the hotel. Times Square was just ten blocks away...its about one minute walk per block on an avenue (north-south)and two mins on a street (east-west) We enjoyed our stay at the Wolcott, coffee &amp; muffins with complimentary newspapers in the foyer, computer access and a free airport booking-in computer, the hotel shuttle to the airport was good value, we paid $44 + tips. We liked the buffet style restaurants, all within short walking distance, might be worth bringing your own cutlery as plastic cutlery provided.	
May 12 2008 	Loved the kitch of the wolcott	I stayed at the Wolcott with my mother and sister in October last year the first few days we had a three bed room, then my sister left and we had a two bed room. Both were excellent! It's a little old, but thats it's charm - i found everything to be clean and the staff helpful, though the furnishings were a bit shabby and worn.There are free muffins and coffee for breakfast in the lobby which is very tasty, and an internet machine you can use in the lobby for a small cost. The location was mind blowing, it's right next to the empire state building! I think for the money this is a great hotel. I stayed at the Penn hotel a few years before and it's three times the price and not as good.	
May 5 2008 	Ideal Location	The pictures of the hotel lobby give you an indication of the age of the hotel, which is old and the fixtures and fittings seem to be original!!The first room we stayed in had an old iron radiator which rattled for most of the night and shot vents of steam out at regular intervals. The second room on a higher floor was much better but the temperature of the hotel was like a sauna. The views out of our window were on to a fire escape and an office building behind (make sure the curtains are closed if you wander around without your PJ's!) However, the coffee and muffins in the morning is a nice touch and it all depends on what you want from your hotel. It is about a 10 minute walk from Macy's, the Empire State Building and Broadway so couldn't have found a better location, especially for our first time in NY.All in all, good location but if you want a decent night's sleep - take some good earplugs.	
Apr 30 2008 	A hidden gem in Midtown!!	My daughter and I were just in NYC for the first time - and we chose this hotel because of location and price. It was worth every penny and more!! We were within walking distance to the Empire State Building, to Macy's. The staff (all but one) were very helpful, the rooms were very clean. I will definitely be staying there again!	
Apr 15 2008 	excellent value	This hotel is very good value. We had a very comfortable stay in a quiet, clean room. Our single beds were good. Only slight niggle was the rather gloomy view to the fire escapes but would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.	
Apr 10 2008 	Excellent location for the price	First time on holiday in NY - went with my son. On reading the reviews of the Wolcott was apprehensive about the problems described relating to the state of the rooms, but was happy with our stay. The front desk staff were fine, one was a bit abrupt nut not rude, others were very friendly and helpful. The place is still being redecorated, and while our room was still old-style, and a bit tired, clearly when it is all finished it will look a lot smarter. Our room had no view, but was quiet and with a decent sized bathroom with no problems - clean towels, hot water. Twin beds and a huge TV and a room safe. Quite a lot of people gathered in the mornings downstairs for their muffins and coffee but as we wanted to get out and explore we grabbed a muffin on the way out each morning and found one of the many good diners nearby for breakfast. The bagel shop across Fifth is good and busy (altho i wouldn't eat in there) and there are plenty of places walking up along fith. If you can make it (15 mins walk) the more expensive Pershing Square place opposite grand central is a must for a real new york breakfast. The best thing about the wolcott is the location, good for both uptown and downtown (33 st subway) and while there are plenty of swankier places to stay, it was fine. One thing we should have done was book the shuttle bus to the JFK airport via the hotel help desk, and as we hadn't we ended up having to try to get on it at Penn Station, and I think there are easier ways to leave NY.	
Apr 10 2008	geat hotelexcellent location.	i stayed at the wolcott hotel in march 2008,having previously stayed there about 4 years ago,the hotel has been redecorated since then.it is in an excellent location,and is very safe.the staff are curtious and very helpful.the muffins and coffee in the morning were an added bonus.i will definately be recommending this hotel to friends and family.	
Mar 31 2008 	Nice hotel and good location	We stayed there in November 2004 for 5 nights. It's a nice hotel to stay if you don't want to spend a fortune and don't mind basic. The beds were comfortable. The rooms were decent size and clean. We had view on the Empire State Building from our room window which was lovely. It's a good location. Short walk to the ESB, little Korea and Time Square. The only bad thing was that it was a bit cold in the room. Free muffins and coffee every morning in the lobby. I would definately stay there again if goingto New York again on the same budget.	
Mar 24 2008 	Affordable central rooms need some tlc	The foyet looked amazing and check in was easy. Our room had a view of the empire state building. We soon changed our room as the safety deposit box was broke. The bed was big and comfy, the only problem we had was the aircondition unit which was mega noisy but without it the room was really hot. Bathroom was clean with bath/shower, sink and toilet.Free coffee and muffins in the morning which is also a bonus. The concierge was a bit rubbish, she was from Russia and had only been in New York for a few weeks and did not know of any restaurants that would be good for a steak!In all, it was fine for what we needed as we were out and about in the day and only used the room for sleeping.Be warned to lock your room door at night, we forgot one night and someone tried to open the door early in the morning and it wasn't one of the cleaners.The location was good, although the street it was on looked a bit grimey and smelt of bins. Close to Empire State Building, Time Square, and Little Korea.	
Mar 19 2008 	noisy and chilly hotel	central heating system of this hotel was so noisy.and worse thing is its not working. the room remained freezy.the location of this hotel was good. little bit stinky area. need a 3or 4blocks from subway st. but only a block from 5Av.	
Mar 12 2008 	A rare 3 bed hotel with some drawbacks	Firstly, there is an advantage to this hotel. It provides a room with Three beds. That was surprisingly hard to find, most rooms being doubles, or a double bed and a single bed. There were three of us- we need three beds, so we went for this! The rate was $210 including all taxes, so $70 a night each. Check in was OK, quick, although the staff did seem a little rude eg &quot; I need your passports &quot; rather than &quot; could I have your passports please?&quot; The room was big enough- one bed was in a slightly seperate area, with its own TV. The beds were OK, clean etc. The room was pretty grubby, to be honest. Pipes seem to leak and be noisy, and the bathroom was horribly small and uncomfortable. There was a TV with pay movies, and vending and ice machines throughout the hotel. Generally, it served its purpose as a base to explore New York.Location was good- very near the Empire State Building, 5th Avenue etc. All in all, I would probably book again if I was part of a group of three, but otherwise I would consider other hotels.	
Mar 5 2008 	Brilliant value for money - GREAT location	We are an English family of 4 (2 Teenage daughters) who spent 6 nights at The Wolcott and we were all totally satisfied with our stay. Yes it is a budget hotel but this is only reflected in the price not the facilities. Our rooms were very clean, larger than I had expected and more than warm enough (Despite the snow outside). During our stay we met a number of school/university groups from England and I take the view that if the education authorities approve the Wolcott it must meet the standards that parents of students would find acceptible. Any negative feedback you read about this hotel will be from the proverbial traveller who expects 5* facilities at 2* prices - Ignore them this place is really good value for money.My only complaint is that there are no tea / coffee making facilities in the room but there is unlimited coffee in reception from 6.30am which can be taken to your room.Thoroughly recommended.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great Affordable Location in New York	Located between Broadway &amp; 5 th Avenue, a great little hotel, affordable, basic but clean, friendly staff and walk to everything.Highly recommend.	
Feb 15 2008 	Nice for the price excellent location	Had a very comfortable and pleasant 4 night stay at the Wolcott. Rooms were clean, beds were comfortable, no bed bugs, no mice, no door slammings, no musty hallways. Yes, our bathroom was small, the shower was a bit tempermental as was the heat, but none of those issues detracted from our stay one bit. 90% of the staff were very pleasant. Can't beat the location or the price. Would definitely consider staying there again!	
Feb 4 2008 	Great Location - Tiny Bed	For the price of this hotel, the location is great. It's about 10-15 minute walk to Times Square and about 2 blocks from 31st subway station. But the location is the only good part of this hotel. For some reason the beds are really small. As a 5'2 female I almost rolled off the bed a few times. The sound proofing is also horrible. The doors are really heavy and slams shut so you hear every time someone goes in and out of their room. The bathroom was also freezing cold in the winter. There is a gap in the window as ventilation (instead of a fan I suppose) so unless you shower with a jacket on, there's a problem. The good thing though is they have a late check-out time (noon) so you get to actually sleep in.	
Jan 31 2008	Good value hotel	Recently spent a week in this hotel in one of their triple rooms.Good points:-- Good value by NYC standards - I couldn't find any other en-suite triple rooms in central Manhattan for $200- Location - just a few minutes from Penn Station, and several subway lines, v.easy to get anywhere in NYC from here. Also walking distance to a number of sights - Empire State, 5th Av, Macy's etc.- Room was big, clean and also really quiet....certainly wasn't disturbed by banging doors in the middle of the night like other reviews suggest.Bad points:-- No major faults with this hotel, but a few minor downsides..- Antique heating made a lot of noise one night, but was swiftly fixed- Rooms are a bit dingy and old fashioned...but it was made in 1904, so what do you expect...!- Hotel is located in a slightly soulless business district - not much in the way of eating / drinking options on your doorstep - but it's so easy to get about it doesn't really matter- Puny muffin provided for breakfast was a bit stingy - however there is a place called Brooklyn Bagel Cafe round the corner which is great value for breakfast.Overall, would definately recomend this hotel as a good value base to explore New York.	
Jan 26 2008	Stayed Here At Least 10x Over the Years But Price Increasingly Increasing	Parts of the property have been updated over the years. I used to pay $130 about 7 years ago but their prices have increased steadily for what is very basic stay with few bells &amp; whistles. I'd recommend the Wolcott for under $200 but for more, you could certainly find a 3 star Hotwire listed property for the same money with more comfort.	
Jan 23 2008	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed here in September 2006. I found it on the Internet and, after reading some of the reviews, I was really nervous of what we had booked for a weeks holiday. I was pleasantly surprised. We had a triple room that was quite big for a basic hotel and was very clean. We had good facilities provided in the room- an iron, ironing board, hairdryer, etc. The location was really good. Only 3 blocks behind the Empire State Building and a 10 minute walk to Macy's. Staff were friendly and professional and they even organized a car to get us to the airport for the flight home. A really great hotel that I wasn't able to fault.	
Jan 15 2008 	Great Value for Money 	We stayed in this hotel in November 2007 and after reading the reviews we were a bit apprehensive about staying here but we needn't have worried. We found our room clean if a bit on a small side but we did not go to NYC to spend time in our room! The bathroom (also small) was clean and we had clean towels and room service everyday. The shower was a bit temperamental running scalding then freezing but we didn't let it ruin out stay. Housekeeping staff are very friendly although reception staff are quite rude also the concierge was very rude when on our last day we asked if she would order us a taxi to the airport she grudgingly done so. Having said all of the above I would stay here again for location alone, it is so central 5 mins to the Empire State Building and to Macys. Do not be afraid to stay here. PS we saw no mice and the elevators were ok.	
Jan 15 2008 	Disappointing	Booked the one nights accommodation at the Wolcott for Jan 2nd after reading some mixed reviews. Thought the location would suit us traveling from Montreal with Amtrak being a short distance from Penn Station.Check in staff were not friendly and gave the impression I was inconveniencing her by arriving and requesting my room.The room was outdated and run down. Two beds in one room and another in a little side room just off the bathroom. Beds had a stale smell about them and floors and walls were both dirty. Bathroom was small and in need of some major work. Cracked tiles and dirty floors did not give a welcoming feeling. I am glad this was only booked for the one night even though that was hard enough to deal with at the time.I would certainly recommend not staying here if you are looking for something clean,comfortable and welcoming. Location was handy to Penn Station but that is the only positive thing about this Hotel.I will definitely not return to this Hotel even for the location.	
Jan 4 2008 	Very Nice stay at the Hotel Wolcott	We stayed for 2 nights at the Hotel Wolcott and thought it was a great deal for the cost. It is an old hotel but the room was clean, bathroom was super small but the showerhead was tall. We had one problem on our last morning with no COLD water so we could not shower or risk being scalded. We called the front desk but it could not be fixed before we checked out, so we left with no shower. I emailed the hotel when I got home and the manager got back with me and gave my a credit of $25, which was fine. He was very prompt with his reply and gave excellent service. The hotel is fairly close to Herald Square subway which is a great subway with lots of lines to travel on. This is my third time in New York City over Christmas Vacation and I felt this was a good hotel for the money. Breakfast is included with just muffins and coffee but adequate for getting you up and going. If you are going to New York to sightsee and will not be in your room very much. This is a very budget friendly hotel for New York City in Midtown.	
Jan 2 2008 	good budget hotel - great location	The Hotel Wolcott - it is a budget hotel (about $250 a night) in a great location 2 blocks south of the empire state building. Warning - showers are fine as long as no one else on the floor is using it too but baths are good after a day on your feet &amp; fill up quickly. Try to get an upper floor - the decor is much nicer - we stayed in 1019 which had great views of the empire state building. There are occasional odd smells - I think from people eating in their rooms but 10 min of air con &amp; your fine. Bed was the most comfortable I've ever had in a hotel &amp; air con was good if not the quietest model. Basically you should be so tired that all you want to do is sleep &amp; if so this hotel is perfect. Check out the Heartlands Brewery/Bar under the empire state building - beer &amp; food is great.	
Dec 30 2007	Horror Hotel in NYC	Built in 1904 and looks it. Wallpaper was faded and dirty, bathroom had no counterspace, tiles broken, rug dirty. Radiator pipe burst during night at 3:30am so they shut off heat in the room instead of repairing. Elevator broke and people were stuck in it, vending machine broken, telephone in our room was out of service...need I go on? Left after 1 night! They did not care about our lack of sleep or room conditions and charged me full price anyway. Will never go back!	
Dec 24 2007	Amazing location	The location of this hotel is AMAZING. 5 mins to Empire State and 5 mins to Macy's. The rooms are clean, tidy and the staff friendly and helpful. It is a budget hotel but above my expectations. There was a slight problem with the temperature in the shower but at the end of the day did not care. The hotel was very cheap and the location made our trip. I would thoroughly recommend the hotel and will stay at again. Note: If you are after luxury and pampering this is not for you. If you are over to sample the shops and sites of New York and want a place to rest then this is it!	
Dec 19 2007 	Not great	Dingy and run down. Faint smell of must and cigarette smoke. Rooms are worn down, depressing and bathroom was really unpleasant, not unclean, just depressing. Shower worked poorly, was unable to get warm water. It was either ice cold or scalding hot. Spent several minutes in the morning trying to make adjustments to no avail. Had to jump in and take a shower as quickly as possible before water got too hot. Beat up air conditioning / heating unit in the window. Not a particularly great location. Would not stay there again.	
Dec 19 2007 	would stay again	Was really worried reading the reviews about this hotel however upon arrival I was greatly relieved!!!! Reception area all nicely decorated for christmas. Checked in within 5 minutes. The room was small but clean. Big tv, clean sheets - handy having iron and ironing board within the room and also hairdryer. Bathroom almost the size of the bedroom! Very clean, towels changed everyday. Reception were very helpful explaining how to use the subway, which to get on, how often they come etc.Overall would stay there again.	
Dec 17 2007 	The Potential Is There But The Wolcott Lets Itself Down	The hotel is in a prime location, a block or so from the Empire State Building. Itself being visable from some of the rooms, i contacted the hotel beforehand to request a room with a view and it was carried out. The look of the hotel is as grand as their website suggests, unfortunately the heating is either too hot or not on at all so if your planning to stay there take some nice warm pyjamas. The windows do not keep out the noise or the cold, however the bed linen and towels were all clean and changed daily(despite the claim they like you to use your towels as much as possible to save the environment, they were pretty much changed every day). The lifts were slow, but again were spotlessly clean and well kept. The reception staff are very polite, all except one who spoke to me as if i were the village idiot and quite blatantly commented to other staff on the size of our baggage although it had nothing to do with him as we moved it around ourselves! He spoiled what was originally going to be a positive review of the staff. Mid way through our stay we were visited by a mouse, he appeared in the room and helped himself to our Indian Take Away left overs. We contacted the reception desk who told us they would send someone up to deal with it, over an hour passed (I didn't particularly relish the fact i was sitting in my hotel room when i should be outside exploring the city) my husband called reception again and was told Housekeeping would deal with it. Simple as that. No offer to move us out of our room, no apology from the management or incentive not to come back and tell the world and his wife that the Wolcott has a mouse infestation. I had noticed towards the end of our stay an American complained about the price of his room to a member of staff, he clearly thought the standard of accomodation should be higher for the price(i personally thought it reasonable) and after she had a lenghty discussion with him justifying the rates a hamper was called for and subsequently taken to his room as a little sweetener. Maybe we should have been a lot more stroppy in our mouse incident and then we too may have recieved the complimentry hamper.Now as for the hotels surroundings, there is a Dunkin Donuts at the end of the street, the coffee there is disgusting but the doughnuts aren't too bad. There is also a very posh restaurant jus accross the street which is rediculously over priced. If you venture out of 31st Street and head towards the Empire State there is a Starbucks and just a little further a place called Heartland Brewery where i reccomend the NY Cheesecake(Best i've ever tasted)!There is lots to do within close proximity of the hotel so you cannot beat its location. A small tip though, contact the hotel and arrange for their shuttle bus to pick you up on your arrival at the airport, it cost us almost $80 to catch a yellow cab by the time we paid the tolls and his tip and only $48 plus a tip to get their shuttle bus back. We wish someone would have told us this before! In all this hotel is great, I just hope you don't get a visit from a mouse, that a particular staff member is off during your visit and your not a light sleeper!	
Dec 14 2007 	Really impressed	We stayed in this hotel for 6 nights in December 07 and found it amazing. From our bedroom window we had a view of the Empire State Building. Staff were very friendly, pleasent and helpful and quick to check us in. Towels and linen changed daily and room was cleaned immaculately. Had a massive TV in the room and a couch so plenty of room in it. Complimentary muffins and coffee in the morning which was a very nice touch. Lifts were very slow and old. All in all we had a wonderful stay in the Wolcott Hotel and I will defintely stay again if I return to New York.	
Dec 12 2007	Ideal Hotel	Was a bit apprehensive after reading some of the reviews but I can assure you this hotel is great. Located just off 5th avenue, it's ideal especially for the price. The rooms were immaculate with towels and bed linen changed daily. Some staff were friendly and others not so friendly but all in all I would recommend the hotel. I will definitely return to the Hotel if I visit New York again. I would suggest if you are staying here to request a room to the back of the hotel as it can be quite noisy at night time. The staff are very obliging with requests as I requested a room on a low floor before we arrived and got one on the second. Great Hotel in a great location for the price.	
Dec 10 2007 	Excellent in sall respect	Stayed with four other friends for five nights at the Wolcott over thanksgiving weekend. It was fantastic value for money, will definately stay again. Rooms, bedding , towels were clean and fresh, staff were pleasant and helpful what more do you want for a stay in the city. coffee and muffins in the lobby every morning helped start those busy shopping days .	
Dec 8 2007 	Fair Price-Great location	O.K. -- Here's the deal. This is a very old hotel. I'll start with the bad points. - 1. The elevators are to die for. -- (meaning you may die waiting for one ) 2. If the person(s) in the room next to yours comes and goes a lot late at nite -- well, let's hope they don't let the door slam. (It will rattle your room)Now for the GOOD NEWS! By New York Standards -- very affordable. Easy walking distance to the Empire State Building ( 2 blocks up) . Macy's ( 3 blocks up) Grand Central, Rockerfeller Plaza, Times Square, and Radio City -- all within about 10 blocks or so. All within walking distance-- weather permitting.I highly recommend getting a &quot;hop on hop off&quot; New York SiteSeeing pass. These take you to Ground Zero, Uptown, Chinatown, Harlem, etc. Well worth the price. ( about $40 for a 2 day pass ) We used it quite a bit just to get around. The Hotel Staff were quite frindly and helpful. The room, while small was clean and comfortable. Fresh coffee and muffins in the lobby every morning as well. Overall, I would stay here again -- In a New York Minute.	
Nov 27 2007 	Moth Eaten Grandeur	The lobby was once very grand but is let down by fading decorations and shabby furnishings. The satff were neither pleasant nor helpful but not outright rude. Elevators were not for the wide of girth. Our room was very interesting. It looked like a largish room which held two twins plus a vestibule that held another twin and tv and desk. In both rooms, a small clost was crudely added. The furnishings and carpets were quite shabby and stained. However, the teeny bathroom positively sparkled. The shower controls were hard to operate and could easily scald while the airplane sized sink managed to splash each thoroughly. The windows were poorly sealed and when we first arrived the room was absolutely freezing and street noise was loud and clear all through the night. A call to the front desk produced a miantenance man who was able to turn the heat up a bit and explained the heat came on only every 40 minutes. They were old radiators so every 40 minutes included clanging pipes. We did like the historical aspects of the 1904 hotel and the price compared to any other NYC hotel on Thanksgiving weekend. No bedbug infestation that we are aware of.	
Nov 27 2007 	Dont let the Bed Bugs Bite!	I have stayed in the Wolcott 3 times and never had any problems so had no worries about booking a Junior Suite for two friends and myself for my next trip. We stayed in Room 1113. They were in the queen bed and luckily for me I was in the day bed because after a couple of days they both started itching and the day before we were coming home they were covered in lumps and obvious bites. They complained to the reception staff who showed little interest - but sent someone up to inspect the room - now I dont know about you but I dont know of any human who could see bed bugs with the naked eye!! They did let us change rooms for our last night as my friends refused to sleep in that bed again!On arriving home I had an email from the General Manager stating that they had checked the room and there was no sign of bed bugs and that my friends must have taken an allergic reaction to something outside of the hotel - a bit of a coincidence - especially as we spoke to another group of women who were experiencing exactly the same thing!It is such a shame because I have always liked the Wolcott but I would be wary of staying there again and the attitude of the staff to the complaint was total disinterest.	
Nov 27 2007 	You wont get better than the Wolcott	Myself and my friend stayed here from the 18th of November to the 25th of November. To be honest i was a little worried after reading some of the reviews...On arrival though i was quite impressed, I was extremely happy with this hotel. We had a queen room on the 11th floor with spectacular views of the Empire state building. The room was big with a telly and an average size bathroom. It also had a safe which you chose your own code which we found was great for storing our valuables. The rooms where lovely and warm and we had hot water everytime we had our showers. The room had just been redecorated and the maids came and cleaned the room everyday and also left fresh towels. What else do you want?? Your in NYC you shouldnd be in your hotel and longer than you need to be.. For those who complained of bad lighting in the hallways i dont know what you where talking about.. I would recommend an eye test as the lighting was bright and the hallways always clean.. The staff where always very friendly and willing to help whenever they could. In regards to the location you couldnt ask for better, Empire State building 5 mins walk, Macys 5 mins walk, Madison Square Garden 7 mins walk and Times square 10 mins walk.. You cant get better than that.. We went to see a knicks game too and i would highly recommend if there is a game on when you visit.. The tickets where only 60 dollars and worth every penny.. I would also recommend the gray line bus tours. You can board the buses at the empire state and the guys in the red jackets sell the tickets. We paid 49 dollars for 48 hours hop on hop off on all the tours and also one night tour which i would highly recommend. China town is also a must for the ladies and greenwich village is beautiful. The Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island is well worth a visit but get down there early to avoid the Q's.. All i can say is that we had a brilliant time, we felt safe all the time and didnt have any problems. WE met some lovely people in the hotel and they felt the same as us the hotel was perfect for their trip. The muffins and tea/coffee in the moring are great and are a good start to the day..One more thing i would recommend a trip to Woodbury common and to do this one your first or second day. WE got great bargains, one to mention would be i got two pairs of mens Timberland boots for my brothers for 70 dollars.. Ill let you do the sums yourself...! Ill definately be back next year and will be staying at the Wolcott...!	
Nov 26 2007 	A quarter step above a hostel	I stayed at this hotel for one night in early November out of sheer desperation-- all of the truly decent hotels were bordering $400+ and the Wolcott was $180. It served its purpose which means it had running water, a TV, and a bed, but not much else. If you're looking for basic, budget travel with absolutely no frills, then this is the place. They offer complimentary muffins for breakfast and internet access is about $10 for the day. It was clean, so I can't complain too much, but it was barely a step above a hostel.	
Nov 20 2007 	Very happy with Hotel Wolcott	I did a lot of research to find an &quot;affordable&quot; hotel in Manhattan. The price was on the lower end of the scale for the time we were visiting (although more than I would pay in most places!). I have to say that the location was great (walking distance to subway, shopping, 5th ave, etc). The area felt safe. The staff was friendly and helpful. Although not fancy, the room was very clean. We were very relieved with what we booked!	
Nov 19 2007 	Good budget hotel	We booked a triple room at the Wolcott and got a fantastic room on the 9th Floor with views of the Empire State Building the room was a good size and hotel in general was great, nice staff, good location and good value for money. Only problem we had was that our electrical appliances with adaptor plugs would not work? the hotel had a box of uk adaptor plugs and tried them all. Never had a problem with this before when using them in the US? we had to buy new hair straightners and i couldnt charge the batteries for my camera.	
Nov 18 2007	Fantastic all-round budget hotel!	Well, what an excellent hotel! The lobby is beautiful, the staff professional and friendly and the rooms were comfortable and clean.Having come direct from the Americana Inn (which was terrible), perhaps I am slightly biased but it was such a relief to be staying somewhere so lovely!Highly recommended, right in the centre of the action!	
Nov 12 2007 	Basic but clear 	True this hotel has seen better days but it's clear and centrally located (just a 5 minute walk from the Empire State Building or 10 minutes walk to Times Square). The triple rooms are really big by NY standards too. As other posters have said the pipes can be noisy but we all managed to sleep through them. There is street noise in the rooms at the front - the back rooms are quieter but darker.It was by far the most reasonable hotel I could find and I would recommend it to those who are looking for somewhere clean and central to lay their head - who wants to spend a lot of time in their room when NY is just outside the door!!	
Nov 11 2007	Shabby Chic	The entrance is very ornate especially the ceilings and ballroom behind the reception desk. The rooms are very basic and shabby but functional, the hotel is fine to use as a base, it is ideally located for sight seeing in the city.Every morning in reception there are coffee and muffins but go to the Tick Tock diner on 34th and 8th under the New Yorker hotel.The hotel is quite old so there is the problem with noisey pipes but you can get sleeping tablets from the local drug store if you can't sleep.	
Nov 9 2007 	What a Dump!	We went to New York to get married and booked to stay here for 9 nights. What can I say?!! This has got to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in (and I have stayed in some crumby ones in Europe)The 'suite' had old interiors with an old air con system, the view was into the other hotel rooms (we didnt see day light), we asked if we could have a room with a view and we told we could only that room would be tiny!This place is probably ok if you are over with a gang of friends who just want somewhere to lay your head, but for us, it was horrible. We wanted something to enjoy and relax in and this wasnt it. The staff are rude, the lifts are slow and the rooms are so clastrophobic that you cant relax in them.	
Nov 7 2007	do not stay here	Just as the title suggests i am not recommending this hotel. We stayed there for a week in October. We paid about 1100 euro for 6 nights which I felt was a little steep but went with it as reviews were good. Thought rooms were very run down and not worth the money. The so called breakfast was mediocre.But now comes the bigger problem. I woke up the 2nd last morning and went to the bathroom and my 2 eyes were terribly swollen and I had bites all over my arms and legs. However I was more worried about my eyes as they looked dreadful. I had to go to the doctor as I was worried and thought I needed an antibiotic and pharmacist advised that i should get it checked out. so went to doc and he diagnosed bed bugs. Now he said lots of hotels have them so this is only 3/4 of my problem with the Wolcott. I went back and showed reception and the manager my eyes. Reception seemed shocked and could not understand how it happened. The manager came down and spoke to me and said they had no problems like this in the hotel (what a load of crap)...he saw what a state I was in with my eyes and still denied everything.They apparently got pest control in and went through the room and found nothing (what a load of crap)The injection the doc gave me ($80 later) took most of the day to take full effect but I will never forget how I was treated in that hotel I have never been treated so badly.Imagine denying ever having a problem with bed bugs-for God sake hotels better than the wolcott (ie 99% of all hotels) have them.....Oh while i am at it i never mentioned that on the 1st day there sparks started to fly out of the hairdryer that was in the room...Let me put this in to context for you all. I am the easiest person to please where hotels are concerned (I have stayed in some not so good places in the likes of Ibiza) and hate when people complain about the littlest of things...But I am doing you the biggest favour in the world when I tell you based on my experience you should not stay here EVER	
Nov 5 2007 	Loved It	We loved this Hotel. Booked the Triple and loved it. The room was pretty big only problem was the step up of about an inch or too into the bath room which i stubbed my toe on. The sheets were not really soft either but the price was right	
Nov 5 2007 	Fantastic location and value for money	We have just returned from our first visit to New York and stayed at the Wolcott on a friends recommendation. When you walk into the lobby you will not believe you are in a budget hotel as there are beautiful chandeliers and original features.We booked a triple room which was in fact two rooms connected by an archway. the room was clean and large with very comfortable beds. There was a T.V. in each room and an electronic safe which is free.The bathroom is very small but you don't go to NY to spend hours in the bathroom! The decor throughout the room and hallways was very pleasant and looked like it had just been refurbished.There are no tea/coffee facilities in the room but free coffee and muffins are served in the lobby every morning and there is a Subway/Dunkin Donuts opposite for any other caffeine fix you may need.The location was great as if we walked 500 yards to our right we were on 5th Avenue and 500 yards to our right on Broadway. There is a subway station in the next street which we used with full expectation of getting lost but this did not happen as the station staff are very helpful as were all the New Yorkers we spoke to. The hotel is right by the Empire state building and we even had a view of this from the room windows.We walked easily to the Rockerfeller Centre in about 20 minutes ancd Central park about the same distance further on. I would thoroughly recommend The Top of The Rock and a horse and carriage ride around Central Park. Times Square is about a 15 minute walk up Broadway with all the shops and restaurants you could possibly need, also some great shows. The only downside to Times Square are the rappers trying to sell you their CDs but a polite &quot;no thankyou&quot; does the trick.I hope to visit NY again next year and would definately stay at the Wolcott again.	
Oct 30 2007 	Great Location	Had seen good and bad reviews of this hotel so was a little worried prior to getting there. Had no reason to worry, was NOT disappointed at all. The location was fantastic: walking distance to Penn Street Station, Empire State, Times Square etc. Dunkin donuts and Subway across the road. Staff were helpful and friendly and organised our transport to the airport. Our room was clean and comfortable and had a view of the Empire State. We had a tv, iron, ironing board, hairdryer and safe in our room. The hotel has internet, games, ATM, washer and dryer facilities along with a gym (although we did not use it). We got coffee and muffins every morning and thoroughly enjoyed our stay, we would stay here again and recommend it to others.	
Oct 22 2007 	Great Stay	Just had a 6 day stay at the Hotel Wolcott that was wonderful. The staff was great, the room was always clean, the bathroom was not the postage size I had expected from other reviews but roomier than the Sheraton that charged twice the amount for the same size room and smaller bath!! Nice fluffy towels that they loaded us up with (the maid even thanked us personally for the tips), bed were very comfortable and we had a Jr. Suite located right next to the elevator but never heard a noise from it. The location of the hotel was perfect with a great Bagel cafe down the street (always buzzing with NYC energy!!), walking distance to Times Square, Broadway, Herald Square and metro stops. Two great Irish pubs to refill your tank just around the corner that we refuled at more than once!! The coffee in the morning was a nice way to get your morning started with all your fellow guests. A lot of Europeans and locals that frequent because they recognize value without all the fluff that can cost you a lot more!!We will return here and will recommend to anyone that is traveling to experience NYC!!	
Oct 15 2007 	Charming Hotel!!!!!!	The hotel wolcott is a charming hotel, located right in the heart of new york!!!!i stayed here with two of my friends and we found it the perfect base for exploring the city.despite its central location the hotel is a nice and quiet place to retreat once you have had enough of the hustle and bustle of the city!!!!The rooms were great and the staff were more than helpful! furthermore there were free muffins in the morning!!!!!i would reccommend this hotel to anyone!!!!	
Oct 11 2007 	Tremendous value! Superb location...	Just back from a 4 night stay, and have to say, overall, for what we paid, The Walcott was great! Yeah sure, it's a little grubby and in need of an update in parts, but what do you expect for that price? Staff were welcoming and helpful when asked upon, rooms were more than adequate, location was second to none!!Ok so the lifts were painfully slow, and it stank something awful in the hallways - but for God sake, if you're spending enough time in a hotel in NY to let things like this annoy you, you're not doing NY right!! Get out on the streets and enjoy!! For a bag drop/place tp kip, the Walcott is perfect!We had a triple room (3 lads on the rip!) and it was great, had 2 TV's, 3 beds, a safe, iron and board, wardrobes, closets, clean bathroom, etc. - only real room complaint was the shower was the most erratic piece of [--] ever, either blisteringly hot, or painfully cold, but there was a heat wave during our stay, so cold shower was actually nice!For this price range, this has to be the best in Midtown!! Don't listen to the really bad reviews, they were just unlucky or absolute snobs! Next time, I'll probably stay away from the touristy side of things, but for first or second timers, you'll do well to get better than the Walcott!	
Oct 8 2007 	Marvellous Hotel	We stayed at The Wolcott and found it to be absolutely perfect. Our room was spacious, clean, and quiet. The bathrrom was clean, the shower worked fine and there were plenty of towels.The Hotel is perfectly placed, just around the corner from the Empire State Building and Macys and within walking distance of Times Square.	
Oct 6 2007 	Wonderful Wolcott	6 of us stayed at The Wolcott for New Yorks Tartan week celebrations. We had a delightful stay. Rooms were adequate, showers warm, complimentary tea, coffee and muffins for breakfast. Staff were helpful and the hotel has lockers to store luggage. Ideal if you have a late flight home and still want to explore NYC. Centrally located you cant go wrong with this hotel.	
Oct 3 2007	Wolcott - No Problems!	My sister and I stayed at the Wolcott Hotel, West 33rd Street last October. We weren't sure what to expect since it was so inexpensive but it actually turned out to be great. It was a reasonable sized room, clean and airy - had everything we needed for a comfortable stay. They served delicious muffins in the lobby each morning, tea and coffee - just what we needed to set us up in the morning for a long day's shopping and sightseeing! The Maids were friendly ( although the people working on the front desk weren't ) The location was excellent - everything within walking distance.All in all we were very happy with our stay so much so that I and a few friends are going back again in March - can't wait ! ! I would highly recommend it to anyone on a budget , as we were.ANNA MARIE - CO. WEXFORD - IRELAND.	
Sep 16 2007 	Wolcott was Wow	My daughter and I stayed at the Wolcott during a hot, steamy week in August. The purpose ot our 5 day stay was to tour and see as much as we could. We wanted a hotel near Penn Station since that's where we arrived and left from. (took a train to Long Island to catch a flight) We also wanted it to be safe and relatively clean. Wolcott fit the bill. When we made our reservation we asked for a quiet room location and a recently remodeled room. When we checked in, they gave us a room far from the elevator! YEA. The room was pretty clean, had a large bath, and air worked well. The air conditioner hummed us to sleep every night. We were able to store our luggage in lockers on the first floor for 50 cents until our room was ready. The muffins and coffee in the am were all we needed. I would recommend this hotel for someone who wants to see the city - and use the hotel for a home base. It's a great location and the price is right.	
Sep 9 2007 	Wonderful!!! Elegant!!--Sept 1 2007	My wife and I just returned from a New York trip where we stayed at the Wolcott Hotel. Though I had read the mixed reviews of previous customers, I tried it---and liked it. The hotel lobby is done in exuberant Rococo décor and is quite spacious. It is the scene of good muffins and coffee every morning and a free newspaper for the guests. Pleasant staff and good concierge are a plus as well. Our room was medium sized but plenty large enough with a walk-in closet which made the sleeping room feel even larger. The bath was small but well thought out and clean. I don’t know if this hotel’s naysayers have traveled much in Europe or even in this country, but for a hotel in a large metropolitan area---this is a steal and a darn nice one too.	
Sep 6 2007 	A lovely place!	A great location, friendly service. The muffins in the lobby were a bonus.	
Aug 27 2007 	OK place	3 of us stayed here for 4 nites in a triple room, we had no problems with bugs or towels. Male staff were very helpful, elevators are small, muffins in am were good. They are still renovating some floors. Enjoyed the deli's a block away for convenient food. The place was very busy but we had no problems, don't be afraid to stay here. Would go back in a new york minute.	
Aug 23 2007	Great Location	Very much enjoyed the stay here. Location is just so central to everything we wanted to see on Manhatten. Area seemed safe. Complimentary muffins and coffee an added bonus in the mornings!	
Aug 22 2007	A Very Disappointing Experience	I was looking for a place to stay in NYC at the last minute. On my way down on the train from Connecticut, I saw an add in the Amtrak magazine that if you used the &quot;booking code&quot; in the add that you would get your room for $169. When I called I was told that they only had a few rooms left so they could not honor my coupon!!! There was nothing in their add that said that. Since I was booking late (same day) I went for the room as $190 still was within my budget. However, I was further upset to find that my room had NO security lock! I had to push my bed in front of the door for security as I was traveling alone (and I had made that clear when I booked my reservation which, by the way, was told it was non-refundable since I was making it at the last minute.)I was also given a smoking room, complete with ashtray.Lastly, the air conditioner was SO noisy that I had to wear my ear cancelling headphones to bed. This air conditioner was as loud as the back rows of a jet liner - even on the lowest setting. I had to keep the air conditioner on as the room was tiny and heated up quickly with the New York summer heat.Since I had arrived late (after 9PM) I decided to tough it out and complain in the morning and ask for some sort of partial refund. At that time I was given an apology and then told that the manager did not arrive until after 9AM - very convenient since most business travelers such as myself leave earlier than that.I told them that I would then be writing this negative report about their hotel. They didn't seem to care.The only reason I gave the hotel 2 stars and not just one is because the gentleman at the desk was friendly, it was convenient to Penn Station and the lobby was beautifully restored.	
Aug 1 2007 	Loved it!	I was traveling with a friend and the Wolcott was perfect for us! Lovely clean room and maid service everyday, excellent value for money! Helpful staff and all in all a very good, friendly hotel! Fantastic location as well, would definitely recommend!	
Jul 29 2007 	Very nice great value best location	We stayed at the Wolcott with a party of 3 and the room was not great but good. We all 3 work at a five Star Hotel so we were kind of picky..... but I think in a good way to make this comment:Location: Perfect: right of the Broadway (31st Street) and 3 blocks from the next Subway. 2 Blocks from Empire State Building.Room: Clean, good service (2 TV's,Iron+Ironing Board,Safe) AC was pritty loud but since there was no sun in our room we didn't need it at night. Maybe ask for a room on higher floor!Safe in Room is free of charge and was a good help.Service/Staff:Complimantery Breakfast in the Lobby (Coffee, tea &amp; muffins).Housekeeping was friendly and did a good job, Reception was friendly and always a help= quick check in &amp; check out and smiling faces!! Well done.Overall:Book the Wolcott if you want a nice Hotel but nothing over average. It is really worth the price you pay and you will not be dissapointed. We would always go back! We liked it and had a feeling of going home.:-)Comments to help the Hotel to improve:Like I said the AC was to loud, some hangers in the Bathroom would be perfect (to hang some towels or clothes), Take away the &quot;Airport line band&quot; for the reception = it just looks so cheezy in this very nice lobby you guys have. I think people in the 20th century know now how to stand in line,Make the concierge desk look nice! So it will match with your nice lobby. You should be proud of your lobby = show it.Best regardsMike	
Jul 27 2007 	Affordable Little Jewel	As most people know, a hotel in NYC can be incredibly pricey. My friend and I were up in NYC for a long weekend and we didn't want to have to break the bank. We found this hidden hotel off of Broadway on 39th or 38th Street. Walking in you think, the lobby looks like it belongs in a hotel on 5th Avenue. It was a great meeting place and had a desk with all the tourism info you would ever need. The room was spacious and for NYC, totally affordable. In fact, for the two of us, we ended up with a three bed room. Opening the curtains, the Empire State Building rose up only a block away. The hotel also has an agreement with a nearby garage that insures driving into the city won't cost you and arm and a leg. It is in easy walking distance of Times Square, the many theatres as well as easy access to the subway. Highly recommended.	
Jul 26 2007 	What a dump!	I flew from San Francisco to Philadelphia in January and then went by train to New York, walking from Penn Station to the Wolcott Hotel. I stayed there because a friend of mine from Osaka Japan was there for an art gallery showing of promising new artists. He is Japanese but was the interpreter for the other 9 people as we went from gallery to gallery with their work. They selected the Wolcott because many young Japanese, not knowing any better recommended the place. I had my own room, a twin bedded room with 2 chairs in it. My friend and one of the men artists were on an upper floor also with a twin bedded room. The first incident was when I went to their room- there were no chairs. I called the front desk and asked them for chairs. Several hours later, a disgruntled worker came with 1 chair and said that was the best he could do. I went downstairs and brought up a second chair from my room. One afternoon (we stayed 4 days) we went out and upon coming back, my Japanese friend asked for his room key which he left at the front desk (I had mine- I always carry my room key)The first thing out of the snotty clerk's mouth was you can't have 3 people in a room. There are only 2 people booked in this room. Being a Philadelphia I snottily replied that I have my own room, my own key and for him not to be such a snot-nose. No further comments were made except to have the friend's key slammed on the desk.  I found the hotel to be a dump, full of foreign travellers who don't know better that they could have had a much better place to stay in had they done some searching for the same price. Often times, recommendations, as evidenced here are spotty. One thinks a place is fabulous, others think it is horrible. I thought the Wolcott was a dumpy place for the money.  The good part though is its location, its close to everything New York and has lots of reasonable places in the nieghborhood in which to eat including Korean restaurants. It snowed while we were there and our clothes got wet from the sleet. The nice thing was that we could put everything in the dryer in the basement and clean up our clothing from snow and sleet. I found the day time clerks to be indifferent, the night time clerks were really non-caring. I wouldn't stay there again. You pay for what you get. Believe me.	
Jul 26 2007 	Great value hotel	We stayed at the Wolcott for 6 nights in July 2007. Having read some of the reviews on this site we were quite nervous about what the hotel would be like! But when we arrived we were really pleased with the hotel. It has recently been refurbished. We stayed in room 319 and were very happy with it. We had a bay window which looks on to the street and the Empire State Building. The hotel is in a great location- you can pick up one of the red sightseeing buses just round the corner, and it is within walking distance to many subway lines, Macy's, the Flatiron Building, Empire State, Times Square, etc! I stayed on the upper west side the last time I was in NY but this was so much handier. The room had recently got new carpet and wallpaper, the bed was comfortable, the air conditioning worked great, the room was cleaned well every day. It was a good sized room. I am a light sleeper and was pleasantly surprised how well I slept (although the noise from people outside was slightly worse at the weekend). I never once heard noise from other rooms, a benefit of an older building with thick walls, maybe. The coffee and muffins were great too.I would definately stay there again.	
Jul 3 2007 	Great Hotel in a Great City!	Second time staying at the Wolcott and was once again very impressed.The hotel is in a great location on W. 31st right near Herald Square (home of Macy's), numerous subway lines and about 9 blocks south of Times Square. You can walk right out of the hotels entrance and be inthe hustle and bustle of Manhattan or hop on a subway or bus and be in SoHo, Chinatown, Battery Park, Central Park, or Museum Mile within minutes.The hotel is a very historic hotel that has been renovated but you must also take note that it is a very old hotel....this is not your cookie cutter Best Western. The architecture throughout the hotel (including in the guest rooms is truly amazing). When we there for example though one of the elevators in the lobby was not working but to make up for that the gentleman behind the front desk let us use one of the staff elevators.The room I had both times consisted of two huge rooms. One room had two twin beds with a TV, desk and closet, the other room had another twin bed with another TV and a safe as well as the bathroom. In my view this was a big room for Manhattan or any other big city for thatmatter. We didnt have a view either time...I dont know how you get rooms with a view but I didnt complain, I could walk right out and look at the city myself.The hotel has a concierge who can help make reservations to get to the airport or to go to the Statue of Liberty or something. The lobbyalso features a small convenience store. Also something very helpful for my family and I was the hotel has a parking agreement with a garage on W. 32nd St (right around the corner) where I was able to leave the car off for 3 days with no worries).Overall I would highly recommend this hotel to someone wanting to visit Manhattan, not pay to much and be in the middle of it all.	
Jun 25 2007 	Location Location Location	I stayed at the Wolcott on a Saturday night at the end of June, and I thought it was perfect. We paid $80/night/person for a twin room with bathroom. It was room 315, and randomly the bathroom was quite spacious--my friend I was staying with said she had booked a suite on a previous trip and the room was huge but the bathroom tiny.Anyway--the lobby is truly spectacular, and it made a nice start to the trip to stay in a place with a little old-school glamour. Granted, the glamour did not extend to the rooms but I honestly did not expect that. I am a travel agent, and I know a glamourous room is New York will cost a fortune. I didn't plan to spend all my time in the room, so I was happy for it to just be adequate. The room was *fine.* The beds were comfy and the shower had good water pressure. Everything was clean. The decor was a bit faded and the room wasn't very bright, but like I said--I wanted to be out in New York, not my room. The breakfast was minimilistic--coffee and muffins, but free is free and it was quite pleasant to eat in the gorgeous lobby. Other lobby amenities: a computer with pay-to-use internet, day lockers for $1 in quarters, a little shop with postcards and snacks, and a fitness room (although I never looked at the fitness room, to be honest). One of the elevators was broken during our stay, as was the vending machine. This might have been more annoying if we had stayed longer, so I thought I'd mention it. Also our view was of the other side of the building, and we were so far down we literally couldn't see the sunlight. There is a chance you could get a good view here--it is a tall building and many rooms face out, but just be forewarned that you may get a view of a fire escape and a brick wall.I am definitely going to stay at the Wolcott next time I go to New York, because it is a pleasant place to stay and the location can't be beat. It's three blocks from the Empire State Building and just a few subway stops from all the biggies you'd want to see. It's a clean, inexpensive hotel with free breakfast right in midtown--this alone makes it the perfect place to stay if you want to spend your money on the sights, not the hotel.	
Jun 20 2007	Do not go to the Wolcott	Terrible experience with Management. Had a mouse in the room, assistant manager did not resolve issue. As a result, he stated he would credit us the stay. Upon returning home, the credit was not made. Called the hotel to discuss. Hotel basically said I was a liar and that they never agreed to credit the stay. Completely disappointing.	
Jun 7 2007 	Clean and Close to sites	The Wolcott is a very nice hotel which is updated and clean and close to the sites. The grand lobby with staircase and high ceiling and chandelier helps you envision the grandness of the Hotel dating back to the early 1900's.The rooms are clean, the prices reasonable and the staff helpful.The hotel has a luggage locker room for those that arrive too early to check in or want to see more sights the day of departure. Believe me, you don't want to be carting your luggage down the streets of NY or onto the subways.	
Jun 4 2007 	Very nice!	Rooms and bathroom are not large but nice,clean and currently being redecorated (11 th was already redecorated). The complimentary breakfast of coffee and muffins was very good and a good start for the day (also newspapers available).Our room safe was ok. Also its very good located to Empire State Building, Macy's, Times Square and a few metro stations.	
May 31 2007 	A Nice Place	Wolcott is a nice place. Clean rooms, TimeOut magazine every week, nice staff, great location, big TV set.The only thing I disliked was the hot water. Sometimes there wasn't enough of it. But that wasn't a big deal.	
May 20 2007 	such a nice hotel	Such a nice hotel so close to broadway. This hotel is great if your on a budget, its a little &quot;floral&quot; in its decor but who wants to stay in their room in NYC???? Its about 10 blocks from times square which is about a ten minute walk depending how many starbucks you stop at! It also backs onto 5th Avenue, which is about a 20 minute walk to the main shopping area, rockafella centre etc. We went on the Sex and the City tour which was ace and if your a big fan of the show its a must. Also TKTS has moved to the Marriott Hotel across from the original stand in Times Square and again is a must for discount theatre tickets. If you get there about 2pm theres not much of a queue.	
May 19 2007 	Great hotel Friendly Staff Fantastic location.	This is a quirky hotel. The staff were all very helpful and friendy. The rooms are not large but they are currently being redecorated floor by floor. The new decor is a bit old fashioned but I suppose it is meant to hark back to the Belle Epoch era of which the lobby and ballroom are stunning originals. The complimentary breakfast of coffee and muffins was very good, and very popular.The shower was good and very clean. The room safe wouldn't lock, but we could use the security boxes at reception. The toilet broke early one evening, and a pair of maintenance men appeared within 10 minutes, complete with spare parts and fixed it. Heating and air conditioning both worked very effectively. Thankfully the aircon worked quickly, as it was too noisy to keep on all night. We enjoyed our stay in what appeared to be a typical old New York hotel and would book in again. Lots of things within easy walking distance, Empire State Building, Macy's, Times Square, Penn Station etc.	
May 13 2007 	loved New York not the Wolcott	We stayed at the Wolcott, because we were meeting up with my parents from Europe. They were in New York with a tour group and all of them were staying at the Wolcott. Not knowing much about hotels in the City, we decided it was best to stay at the same hotel.We stayed on the 12th floor, our room facing a dirty brick wall. The room itself seemed sort of smelly and could have been a little cleaner.The decor was outdated , but the room was not noisy and the mattress seemed ok.Taking a shower was hit or miss, either we had no water pressure at all, no hot water at all or the water was so hot, it was difficult to take a shower or adjust the water temperature. A few times the water would just turn cold in the middle of the shower or we would end up standing under a few drops of water.The staff was helpful and friendly and the hotel is centrally located.Next time we will stay at a different hotel.	
May 3 2007 	Fantastic location	Can't fault the location..right in the middle of Manhattan..great forexploring, Times Square, Empire State Building on the doorstep etc. Reception was very grand too. Good value for money.. well, for NYC!	
Apr 12 2007 	Our Honeymoon at the Wolcott	I know this review may not be all that helpful considering that my husband and I were there a year and a half ago for our honeymoon, but someone asked me the name of the hotel just tonight and I was dismayed to see such a poor review of it be the first one that came up.My husband and I are avid part-time New Yorkers and usually stay with friends (we were even engaged there) -- but we wanted a nice hotel that wouldn't hurt our wedding budget for our honeymoon.We could not have asked for anything more quaint and lovely than the Wolcott and the neighborhood!Yes, the rooms were small, and the bathrooms old-seeming, but it all seemed quite European and cute to me. I would rather have an old tile bathroom than those plastic prefabs of a Holiday Inn. It was very clean and I found the electronic safe quite helpful in securing our valuables. The only negative aspect of the hotel was that their lifts/elevators what have you are ancient and were often under repair, but they have &quot;back up&quot; elevators.But the real gem of the stay was the neighborhood -- when we arrived, there was a Polish parade about to occur down 5th. Magica!There is an attached bodega to the hotel that was crucial when I came down with a little cold. There are close, very authentic New York cuisines nearby: Joe's Pizza, Pho32 in the Korean District one or two streets up is an unbelievable pho shop. On the opposeite corner of fifth and a block up, there is a bodega/breakfast/sandwich shop that has a window that faces fifth -- lovely way to start the day. And on the next up parallel street, there is a little hotel-top bar that has beautiful views of the Empire State building.Wonderful. Amazing. Very satisfied customer!I would recommend it to anyone and will stay there again if we every don't have friends in town!	
Apr 8 2007	Great Hotel Fantastic Midtown location.	I have just returned to Scotland from a week in New York . We (there were 4 of us ) stayed in the Walcott Hotel 0n West 31st Street. I had read some pretty negative comments about the hotel and I can honestly say that our experience was 100% positive.The reception staff were friendly, polite and very helpful and informative.We booked our ride back to Newark through them and the shuttle van was cheaper than the taxi ride into New York.! The twin rooms were exactly as described . Small, clean and the beds were comfy. The bathroom was bigger than expected and the hand held hairdyers were a real plus, they were so much better than the usual fixed to the wall ones that have no power ! The unlimited free coffee and muffins in the morning were a nice start to the day. The location of the hotel could not have been better. Literally a few steps away from 5th Avenue. Penn Station and the Subway Empire State Building and Macys so close by and also a clear close view of the Flatiron Building just down 5thAvenue, perfect location!I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel for value for money and location to any friends travelling to New York and would stay there again.	
Apr 2 2007 	Worst Hotel Experience of my life	I still have nightmares about the Hotel Wolcott. An impressive looking foyer belies the actual condition of the rooms. To be fair it was a budget hotel. To be fair it was our first trip to America, we knew no better, and were in love with the idea of being around the corner from the Empire State. My God the rooms were awful - musty and smelly, the shower was a disgrace, and the air condition barely worked. The television was old and not in good repair - the picture was terrible. We spent the entire time there sleeping on top of the sheets because it was so warm in the room. The locks didn't feel safe on the door, and the safe was electronically locked and couldn't be opened. Needless to say there was no other safety deposit box available. This hotel made me hate the whole experience of New York, and I couldn't wait to move onto our trip to Boston. Needless to say when I returned two years later I vastly enjoyed the stay in a much more upmarket hotel off of Time Square. Avoid, avoid, avoid - I can't find anything bar location to reccomend this awful sweaty hotel.	
Mar 30 2007 	Good budget hotel great location	We have just returned from a 3 night stay in the Wolcott, we booked a junior suite (only $20 more a night) and these served our stay perfectly. From previous reports yes the shower is tempermental but useable, the rooms are hot but open a window or turn the A/C on, the lifts are maybe small for the size of hotel but try staying in France if you want to know what a small lift is! The staff are helpful, rooms clean and the coffee and muffins were great in the morning.A great little bar, O'Reilleys, 250m west of the hotel that served good beer and food.Overall the hotel was perfect for what we need and perfectly located, we hardly used taxis or subway as everthing was within walking distance	
Mar 26 2007 	What You See is What You get	Have stayed in the Wolcott 3 times and everytime couldnt fault the hotel for what you pay.The staff are friendly, the rooms very clean, good amenities in the room and bathroom, including internet access through the TV and safeThe rooms are dark and most dont have a view but who is worried about spending time in a hotel room in New York. What sets this place apart from the rest apart from the cheap rates is the LOCATION. Set about 100 feet away from 5th avenue and just 2 blocks from the Empire State Buliding, the location cannot be beaten.You cant fault this hotel for what you pay, yes its not the plushest you will stay in, but for a base and ease of getting to sites, you just cannot fault it	
Mar 22 2007 	Decent budget hotel	My husband and I stayed in this hotel for 6 nights when we visited New York in November. We were basically on a budget, knowing that we would spend an absolute fortune when we were there, we didn't want to spend too much on accommodation. The lobby and reception area look great, but when you go up to the first floor (where our room was) it was very basic, not dirty or anything, just maybe in need of a wee lick of paint! The room we had was fine, no views or anything but clean, tidy and served its purpose. Being that we were in New York, we were hardly in the room at all, it was basically a bed for the night. The free coffee and muffins in the morning are good, just right to start you off on your day. The hotel doesn't have a restaurant, but in the culinary capital of the world, we probably wouldn't have eaten in it if it did. The best thing about the Wolcott is its location, right on 34th and 5th, its three streets down from the Empire State Building, 5 minute walk away from Macy's and Madison Square Garden, and near a few subway stations. You really couldn't get a better location. To sum up, if you're used to luxury, the Wolcott will be a big disappointment to you, if you're looking for a budget hotel close to main attractions, its perfect. Would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 21 2007 	central location	Nice hotel in a central locationWe stayed at the Wolcott in March this year. The hotel was lovely, clean and central to everything, which we couldnt fault. Unfortunately the female reception staff let the hotel down. They were rude, unhelpful and we felt we shouldnt ask for anything as we would only get a rude reply.So if you want somewhere reasonably priced, in a central location, clean and tidy, then stay at the Wolcott. If you want a friendly greeting dont bother as you would be really disappointed as we were. It doesnt cost anything to be polite to people and these girls need to realise this. Also, if people didnt stay at the Wolcott they wouldnt have a job	
Mar 15 2007 	definately a budget hotel!	It is describe as a budget hotel in the Times and it is definately budget. We were there for four nights- it served its purpose as a base. I think if your going to be out all day and most evenigns its ideal and it was brilliant for what me and my friends wanted. I f i had wanted to relax in my hotel I think I would have been dissapointed. It was so cheap and you got a choice of muffins for breakfast every morning if you wnated them. There is a smell on one of the floors and it is disgusting I would recommend you have a lower floor if possible. the location is great for all the touristy things. The rooms are ok ours were massive we had a triple room. Decor is definately dated and furtniture old. However this did not bother me and my frinds who found it served its purpose.	
Mar 13 2007 	More than adequate considering Price.	Ideally situated and cheap. We were very pleased with our stay in the Wolcott, the hotel was very clean, the room was large and had a large TV with internet and Nintendo gaming, room safe, bathroom with tub &amp; shower. Everything worked perfectly, bedding was clean and comfortable. Room temperature was perfect despite sub zero temperatures outside.House keeping staff were very friendly and helpfull. The free tea coffe and fresh muffins in the mornings were a godsend. The hotel lobby/reception area was quite spectactular. The hotel has a seperatedesk for tours, advice and airport transfers which was open 12 hours per day 7 days per week. There is also vending machines, an ATM, guest laundry, Internet connection with CD-Writer, printer, smart card reader, and luggage lockers.I couldn't fault the hotel at all, we had an excellent stay. It only lacked a bar and resturant.I would use again and would recommend to friends and family.	
Mar 10 2007 	Stinky	My husband and i stayed at this hotel during our honeymoon.After arriving late from flying all day, we were given a room on the 9th floor, great view of the Empire State building, but the strong smell of cigarettes quickly changed our minds. We were offered another room on the 4th floor facing a brick wall, and decided to try the smokey room for 1 night. We did not expect such a small pokey room, but would of got over it if it hadn't of been for the shower.... it took approx 5 mins for hot water, and when it did arrive we were scolded. (I'm sure the people in the next room could hear my husbands profanity at shower time),Air Conditioning was from 1970.... and broke half after our first night. The Elevator was pre-historic, and took several minutes. Front desk staff were not very helpful, and all in all tried to stay out of the room.Would never stay at this hotel again...	
Mar 6 2007 	Really Basic	We recently stayed at the Wolcott Hotel for the first time, for four nights, based largely on reviews we have read on TripAdvisor. The neighborhood is great, with interesting restaurants one block away in Koreatown, but the hotel is very basic. The Red Roof and La Quinta in the same neighborhood are much nicer and in the same price range, or slightly higher. The lobby is beautiful, but the rooms are basic. There was no working ice machine in the building. The hot water in the shower became scalding hot one night in the middle of a shower. But the worst issue was that the windows are of such poor quality that you can hear every street sound and cold air leaks into the room creating a draft. We were stuffing towels into the cracks because we were there during 20 degree weather. The bed was comfortable, the room was clean and there was enough closet and bureau space. The staff was courteous. I'm not that picky, but I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 6 2007	Loved it	My daughter and I had to stay in the Wolcott while renovations were done to our apt. The rroom was great and the staff was hospitable, highy recommend for anyone	
Mar 6 2007 	ok but would prefer not to stay again	I stayed here for a weekend with two of my friends in a triple room, which was nice because we each had our own bed. The hotel is in a really great location and we were able to walk pretty much everywhere we wanted to go (Times Square, Broadway, shopping, dinners, Rockefeller Center, etc.). The storage lockers in the lobby are also nice if you want to keep your luggage there for the day after you check out. It was a little annoying that you had to pay for the lockers while most hotels will store your luggage for free, but it was nice to have the security of knowing they were locked away. The rooms in this hotel need improvement, however. I would not recommend staying here if you are a light sleeper, because the room makes a lot of noises at night. The heater is very noisy (I have had old heaters before - these are not typical noises); the clock radio picked up interference from something and made loud noises pretty much every hour and the only way to fix it was to unplug it. The first night we slept there was the worst sleep I got in a long time, because I was woken up about 20 times because of all the noises. And these aren't city noises that are to be expected.. this was the room. Also, the bathrooms are very very small, and there is zero counter space. Our shower was also temperamental; I was taking a shower and all of a sudden the water turned burning hot and I had to jump out, then I had difficulty getting the water to get hot again. Finally, the maid service was a little odd. A maid came walking into our room without even knocking, which scared me because I wasn't expecting anyone. Then she said it was a &quot;room check&quot; and left. (A room check?? Is this summer camp?)I would recommend this hotel to someone who is just looking for a good location and can deal with all the annoyances involved. Personally, I think next time I come to New York I will get myself a slightly nicer hotel. This hotel really does have the potential to be a charming older hotel... but it desperately needs work.	
Mar 1 2007	Good priced central Hotel	We were looking for a room for three people as we were accompanied by my 15 year old daughter, the Wolcott fit the bill with the &quot;suit&quot; room. We have stayed in NY many times and had views of brick walls, hissing radiators and old fasioned lifts from some of the best hotels so we weren't expecting anything special just clean and good value. That is what we got, and i have no complaints. The coffee and Muffins were fine. The hotel is excellently placed for shopping, the in-house shop is a touch expensive, although there isn't a bar, the shop charged almost bar prices for beers &amp; cola but it saved carrying beers around with your shopping.We checked out and left our baggage in the room behind the reception until we left for the airport, a crime to not use such a big area for a bar or something. The staff aren't very helpful and if you asked questions they seemed a bit reluctant to help but we didn't really need them, this could be a problem for first time visitors though. That said we would certianly stay again.	
Feb 28 2007 	The absolute worst in safety and customer service	I am disputing this entire charge as the structural formation of this hotel is not safe. During my 4 night stay the ceiling actually fell in and large chunks of drywall? fell at the foot of my bed. I have also contacted the Building Inspector of New York City (where the hotel is located) as well as the Better Business Bureau of Manhattan to alert them to this serious situation. The manager, Ricardo, states these things happen all the time in older buildings and would not give me any financial satisfaction - therefore I am disputing the entire charge and having the material which fell from the ceiling analyzed at a laboratorie for mold content. I have photographs of this entire fiasco as well. Please contact me if you would like me to send them to you.Do no stay here at the building is structurally unsafe. We were on the 9th floor!Please contact me via email for photos as I am having difficulty uploading them. Kuty927@aol.com	
Feb 27 2007 	Perfect for the weekend	This hotel was perfect for a weekend in NYC. We stayed on the second floor in a triple room. It was great. The room was clean, the bathroom was average size and the shower was amazing. I have never felt better water pressure.Our room faced out to 31st street and if you look up you could see the Empire State Building. It was beautiful, especially at night. The hotel is in a perfect location with easy access to the subway.I saw NO evidence of any bugs and the staff was very friendly. I would stay at this hotel again in a New York Minute.	
Feb 25 2007	No Frills Good Location	We've (myself and two friends) just returned from a trip to New York and our stay at this hotel. As the title says, &quot;No frills&quot;, and this was definately the case.However, we had dedcided that we wanted a hotel that was clean, practical and in a good loaction. Based on that, we got what we wanted! Yes, the hotel and rooms are dated, but it's noting that some paint and a change in carpet couldn't solve. The room, bathroom and beds were all clean, and the Empire State building is 2 blocks away; sadly we didn't have a view of it (a large brick wall greated us each morning!) Times Square is also within walking distance.Despite us being there when temperatures barely reached freezing in the daytime, we did find the heating in the room to be the complete opposite! We were baking in there! We were told that the heating cannot be controlled from individual rooms, and that we could open the window to let the air in! Needless to say we did! A few things to be aware of: There is a distinct unattractive smell of food (particularly on our floor, 11) Also, be aware that the radiators make the most bizzare hissing noises at any given moment in time... however, it did not disturb us during the night.As there were three of us we were trying to find a hotel in NY that had three separate beds in one room. On that basis the Wolcott proved to be a hit. The main part of the room had two single beds and the annex had another. Each room had its own TV, clock and closet. The room was quite spacious and we never felt that we were too clostrophobic.The free coffee and muffins helped to start the day and there was also washing machines and dryers that the guests could use (as opposed to a laundry service).If you're looking for sophistication, glitz or indulgance on a trip to NY, then this hotel is probably not for you. If however, like us you don't intend to spend much time in your hotel room, and simply are looking for a clean and comfortable place to stay, then the Wolcott Hotel will probably suit your needs.	
Feb 17 2007	great little place muffins	great location, use the empire state as your beacon to get back!the room was really clean&amp;cleaned every day!the muffins&amp;coffee in the hotel every morning were a great starter.the hotel is being upgraded at moment so some floors were in between ready.our floor 11 was complete.nice place to stay as new york goes for a good price.andy,dublin.	
Feb 11 2007	Terrible!	First room with a large steam leackage. Second room a frigidaire! And always asand Indian cousine smell as background....Only location is good for this hotel.	
Jan 18 2007 	Basic amenities but great location	I was slightly apprenhensive having read previous mixed reviews, but it suited us fine. The triple rooms are a real bonus as you get 3 single beds and they are good sized rooms.I bed is in a slightly separate bit of the room, with its own TV and phone, which is ideal if someone wants to go to bed earlier etc. Yes, the hotel is a bit shabby and needs a good coat of paint and the corridors aren't very welcoming and the bathrooms are small but the rooms were clean, warm and probably some of the most comfortable beds I've slept in. We had a few problems regulating the shower but that was no big deal to us. We found reception staff very helpful( to be honest the men were more helpful than the women. Not sure why!) Would I liked to have stayed in grander hotel with doormen etc, yes of course I would, but we were on a tight budget and we were just so excited to be in New York over Christmas that it didn't matter.The location and price were the most important to us, taking our 4 children with us. Only being there for 5 days, location was really important as we wanted to be able to walk most places, and we got 4 nights plus flights with Virgin ( booked separately) for less than the price of just the flights had we booked them directly with Virgin, so we had no complaints.If you are used to a certain class of hotel, then this wont be for you, but if you are happy with a clean warm room in a central but quiet location then you will be fine.We did notice one day when the lift stopped at several floors on the way up that the corridors on floors 9, 10, 11 had been renovated. They were freshly painted with bright and cheerful carpet so maybe they are working their way up the hotel!We had a fabulous time in New York and would certainly consider staying there again if we were ever fortunate enough to get another opportunity.	
Jan 1 2007 	Great location! Exactly what we were looking for	We had a great experience at the Wolcott. Our room was ready so we checked in early, no waiting on elevators at all. Our room was a nice size for a NYC hotel and was very clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was hot, but once we opened the window, it cooled down nicely.I will definitely stay at the Wolcott again. We are not the kind of people who sit in our room all day and night so the Wolcott fits our needs exactly. Plus, how can you beat a hotel that puts you right on the shopping district??	
Dec 25 2006 	Big Apple Disappointment	We just returned from our annual family pre-holiday trip to NYC. We make the trip from DC to see the beautifully dressed window on 5th Ave, skate in Central Park, take in a Broadway show and just enjoy the holiday sparkle of the Big Apple. We know that the city is both crowded and expensive, we really always expect both. However, what we didn't expect is that our hotel room would be so HOT in the middle of December that we would sleep all night with the windows open and the AC running. We mentioned the heat to the front desk and they sent up someone on three different occasions (they tried) only to make matters worst... because that is when the clanging started. Now the AC did drowned out some of the clanging on the second night, but needless to say, we spent two very uncomfortable nights in a very mediocre hotel. The lobby is pretty and the water pressure in the shower was good. But the staff wasn't very helpful or friendly. I had only read good reviews of this hotel, but was sadden by our experience. We will not go back!	
Dec 25 2006	Highly Recommend	Hotel Wolcott was perfect for our family of three. We stayed in a triple room which had three single beds - one of which was privately secluded from the main room (great for putting the child to bed in a quiet area). The room exceeded our expectations. The staff was kind and courteous and the muffins &amp; coffee in the morning was a nice touch. The location was ideal - right off 5th and 31st. Just a hop from Macy's and all the 34th street shopping. The best part of all was the fantastic restaurants right outside the doors. We loved the Indian restaurant (go left out the front door of Wolcott for about 50 yards) and the all you can eat lunch buffet they provided for only $8.95 each! We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to NYC! It was a great hotel to come &quot;home&quot; to after a long day of walking the streets of Manhattan.	
Dec 21 2006 	Great location	We stayed at this hotel between 9th - 12th Dec 2006 and this is the second time we have stayed here. The staff are friendly and helpful and the rooms are very clean, we even got upgraded to the junior suite on arrival which gave us an extra room to store our suitcases!!. The free coffee &amp; muffins provides a kick start in the mornings.The location is brilliant, you are only 5 mins from the Empire State Building &amp; 5th Ave. We would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 19 2006 	Never Again...	On arrival found hotel receptionist very unhelpful, to the point of being rude. Waited two days to speak to the Hotel Manager who was equally unhelpful and was basically just going through the motions of listening to us, but we were left in no doubt that the rude receptionist was not going to be spoken to.The room however was of a good size in comparison to New York hotel rooms, it was warm and clean and the beds were very comfortable.On the last day I mislaid two diamond rings in the room, I left them on the edge of the bed and these were never recovered.!!!!If this was my first experience of New York hospitality I would never return, the fact that this was my forth visit, I am aware that not all New Yorkers are rude, so I will return but definately not to the Wolcott.	
Dec 15 2006 	Wonderful Hotel	Despite a couple bad reviews, my son and I stayed here for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade. What great hotel. We arrived the day before so we could watch the giant balloons being blown up in Central Park. Our room was ready so we checked in early (11:00am). Everyone was so nice. The room was so cute and clean. The bed was so comfy, I wanted to take it home. Location was great. The only bad thing was , the weather was horrible for the parade. After the parade we checked out and was able to use the storage lockers until we left at 5:30pm. We definitely will stay here again.	
Dec 13 2006 	great hotrel	Location Location That's how it was. Walking was much faster than a cab. Book the on/off tour at hotel or store next door. Saw a lot of manhattan and more. The hotel is in convenient area. We had a junior suite. The staff was excellent and room was clean.Would stay here again .	
Dec 7 2006 	Great location	We stayed at the Wolcott for 7 nights in November. Room was very small but you dont stay in the room much anyway. First 2 nights when the heating came on at 6am the pipes made such a racket it sounded as though a train was going through our room. Reported it to reception on first morning but was told no one else has heard anything and basically we were imagining it. On the 2nd morning when we asked to move rooms as we couldnt cope with getting up at 6am everyday we were told the only room available was next door. In the end we got an engineer sent up and they managed to fix it but by then we had already had 2 nights with not much sleep.The shower was horrendous. It would go from normal to scalding hot in a second. I actually burnt my feet as it went hot so quick i could not get out of the shower in time. On the flip side it would also go ice cold in a second too. I quickly learnt to have a 1 minute shower. Location was excellent and the room was clean. I would consider staying there again if i couldnt find anything else for the same price but I would look else where first.	
Dec 6 2006 	Great location excellent prices with an amazing view!	We stayed at the Hotel Wolcott Dec 3rd - 6th (got back today) to take part in some xmas shopping.We found this hotel to be great. It was in a really central location with plenty of shops surrounding the hotel, including a Dunkin Donuts on the corner of the St. which was open til 10.30pm so great for getting tea and coffee. There was also a 24 hour Mc Donald's just around the corner and a small shop next door to the hotel selling beer, cigarettes, refreshments etc.The room we had was great, very large with 2 good, firm, clean single beds. We had a area upon entrance too which had space for the suitcases etc and a large closet with FREE safe. We also had cable t.v, hairdryer etc.Upon opening the curtains we were over the moon to see that our main view was the Empire State Building in all it's glory - wow what a view!!!!! I have attached a picture to this review for you to see how good the view was. It literally took us 3 minutes to walk to the ESB so was very convenient. **Note ESB is open til 11pm every day and on Thursday, Friday &amp; Saturday it is open until 2am!**The hotel offered FREE coffee, tea &amp; muffins in reception each morning and there was a really nice atmosphere with lots of people from different parts of the World all sat round talking. The staff were pleasant and helpful. Overall a very good experience and I would recommend this hotel if you are on a budget but want a safe, clean, friendly, centrally located hotel. The hotel has a lot of history (built in 1904) and the rooms are unusually shaped with a very ornate reception, it all adds to the essence of the hotel.I would definately stay at this hotel again and would feel perfectly safe walking around the surrounding areas on my own.Have a fab time in NYC - if your going for xmas your going to be amazed!! Make sure you check out the Rockefeller Centre's xmas tree!! :-)	
Dec 4 2006 	Absolutely Fab	Wonderful hotel, Clean, bright, warm and so welcoming. Brilliant location on 31st street just on the corner of 5th Avenue. So central. Near to shopping on 34thst and in the middle of Manhattan. Rooms very spacious and big. Triple room has three beds and really comfy. Would def recommend.	
Nov 27 2006	Not so pleasant stay	Stayed here in September for one week. First of all they gave us wrong kind of room (we had booked a junior suite with two bedrooms, but none was available!). We were given a standard room with extra bed (which we had to separately request at least three times...) After one night we were given another room which was really tiny. The AC didn't work and we had to ask for repairing. Both beds had bedbugs as we were all full of red, itching bites. The reception staff was quite unfriendly and they seemed a bit fed up with their jobs.The location is great but that's about it.	
Nov 20 2006 	What Fun	I had a LARGE room with two twin beds facing out from the backside of the hotel (30th st)... Large windows.. tons of space. Wonderful bathroom... for $200 it was an amazing value...I would suggest this hotel to anyone that is on a budget!!!	
Nov 17 2006 	Do It	Central. Clean. Courtious. What more could you ask for Very good we will return ... Gill &amp; Tony Cure England	
Nov 11 2006 	Not worth it	The room was tiny (really, really tiny), and the closet wasn't big enough to fit clothing without wrinkling it. Otherwise, we found no redeeming factors. The hotel staff, when politely emailed to ask about the accounts of bedbugs, told us the bedbugs were not their fault, they were the customer's fault, so they had not done anything about it. The alarm clock was also defunct, and when we asked for a wakeup call, they apparently entered the wrong time, and called us a half hour earlier than asked. It wasn't a horrible experience, but it certainly wasn't worth the money we spent.	
Nov 10 2006 	Terrific budget hotel!	We got a great last minute deal on this hotel, but I think I will stay here again even if it isn't as cheap next time. The room was small, but most are small in NYC, but it was very clean, with new-looking furniture. Nice big bathroom, in great condition. I've stayed in a few other low-cost hotels in New York, and this one was far better. Only drawback I saw is that the elevators are small and slow, was really only a problem in the morning, allow a few extra minutes to get downstairs if you have a deadline to be somewhere. Free continental breakfast in the lobby, coffee, assortment of tea, and muffins.	
Nov 8 2006 	Great pice 	We booked this hotel after reading traveller reviews on this webiste. I have to say that for the price, the location and room were a great deal. You can walk to many of the main attractions. The metro is really close and that gets you anywhere. We rode the metro daily and can suggest the metro card daily pass at $7USD if you are going to be using it alot during a 24 hr period. That is way less than cab fares around the city plus you just buy it the days you need it. We even took the metro to the Laguardia airport which was pretty simple and fast. Alot cheaper than a cab when you have to pay toll fees. The rooms are clean, the service was good and it is nice to have the coffee and muffins in the morning to start your day. There is a guy with a fruit stand within a block so you can pick up bananas or whatever and be all set until lunch. That is a savings in itself. I have done alot of travelling and New York is definitely one of the best places in the world! A must see for any traveller. If you are used to travelling in Europe and staying in smaller hotels this place is for you. There is all of the basics. No sitting area but there is so much to keep you busy in New York, who needs it!!!	
Nov 4 2006 	Great budget hotel	We stayed at the Wolcott for six nights , we had a triple room on the sixth floor. The room was well equipped with three single beds, two T.V s, clean bathroom and a safe. We had researched this hotel and read all reviews before going and were pleasantly surprised by our experience. The rooms were clean and cleaned daily, there was no evidence of bugs particularly bed bugs!!. The hotel was extremely central , just a few minutes walk from Macys and Penn Station. Lifts worked promptly and without fail , breakfast was a welcome coffee and muffins. The internet facility in the room was difficult to work so we used the computer in the lobby which cost 20cent a minute. In all we had a very positive stay and will certain return again . We would unequivocally recommend this hotel for the budget traveller who wants good quality clean rooms for a very affordable price . Our total bill came to $1440 for three adults for six nights.	
Nov 3 2006 	Great location good price	My friend and I booked a trip to NY last month. We were late booking accomodation and were having trouble getting reservations, so this was a last resort choice. We were, however, quite pleased with the result.The Wolcott is located literally two blocks from the Empire State Building, on the corner of 31st and 5th avenue. We walked everywhere from it. The lobby is impressive, keeping it's 1920's charm, even if the rest of the hotel keeps nothing from the era. The newly refurbished elevators were fast and worked great too. Our room was small (two single beds) but it was clean, the bathroom was spotless and the temprature just right. We found that it was also very quiet at night; having stayed in too many budget hotels all over Europe, that was a luxury. We were quite satisfied and will book there again next time we visit NYC.The staff was very helpful: the website we made our reservations on had made a mistake and booked us on a single, and the staff quite gladly helped us out on a moment's notice, even if it was a busy weekend. The guy who tends the little shop is very friendly too.So in short, clean, warm, quiet, no bugs, excellent location, warm water, cable TV (great after a day walking for 10 hours, when you just need to rest) and friendly staff.We left some smirnoff ice in the toilet tank, shall you ever stay in room 515...	
Oct 30 2006 	Those of you expecting something better.......	Those of you expecting something better than a cheap hotel will be very disappointed.The room rates were cheap and apart from the entrance hall everything else about the hotel is cheap. You get what you pay for in this world and that is the case with the Wolcott. The hotel's website suggests something better and this is definitely not the case. We had a junior suite, which suggested something much better than it was and which was in a bad state of repair and in major need of refurbishment.Cheap yes; but nothing better than a very cheap hotel in a depressing street near to the Empire State building.	
Oct 30 2006 	I loved this hotel!	I just returned from a three day stay at the Hotel Wolcott, and I agree with the previous poster who advises that you ignore all the bad reviews. It is an excellent value for the location. Check in and check out were painless and I never waited more than about 20 seconds for an elevator -- even though the hotel was full. My room -- one of the two-room mini-suites, was on the ninth floor. It was quiet, clean, very comfortable, and the bathroom was modern, reasonably large and absolutely immaculate. There were lots of fluffy towels and when I asked for more washcloths, they arrived promptly The beds (one queen and one trundle daybed) were fairly new and very comfortable, with plenty of good quality pillows and blankets. The suite had two tvs and two phones, all in good working order. The in-room safe worked fine after I studied the directions, and it was large enough to hold my laptop computer. No fridge, but this is probably a good policy to discourage people from leaving food around, which draws bugs. (I saw no evidence of a bug problem, by the way.) Lighting was okay -- not-too-ugly overhead lights in each room, plus bedside lamps for the queen bed, and a desk lamp by the daybed. Decor of the room was fine though not deluxe -- nice wallpaper and bedspreads, though carpet was a bit worn. It would be nice if the windows had sheer curtains in addition to the drapes, so you could let in light without giving up all privacy. The hallway was attractive -- freshly painted and papered and reportedly about to receive new carpet, which had not yet arrived. It appears the hallways on some lower floors have not yet been re-done. I myself had no problems with hot water for showers, though I did notice that the hotel seemed to run out of hot water for a short time after peak usage periods -- so if it's possible, plan accordingly. The room got a bit warm for my taste when the building's heat was cranked up but that was easily remedied by opening the windows for a time. There were two fairly new AC units (one in each room) that I did not use except to test them out to confirm that they worked and were not unusually noisy. My room was on the back, with a view of the airshaft, which made it very quiet even with the windows open. As others have noted, the lobby breakfast consists only of coffee and an assortment of muffins but it's free, good quality, and plentiful. Wi-fi access is not free but it worked well, and the charge ($9.95 for 24 hrs.) is worth the convenience of not having to use dialup or go to a cafe. This hotel is clean, comfortable, attractive, and a great bargain for the area, and it's more interesting than the cookie-cutter chains. But, if you are one of those people who cannot cope with the slightest quirk or glitch, then go elsewhere, and plan to pay at least twice as much.	
Oct 27 2006	Ignore the bad reviews!	I booked to stay at the Wolcott a year ago and since saw lots of bad reviews on this site. Let me tell you - IGNORE THEM! The people who wrote them must expect a 5star hotel without wanting to pay for it! It aint the Mandarin Oriental but hey, you're not paying $1100 per night!! Get real guys - this hotel is a) clean b) in a superb location and c) thats all you need in NYC - restaurants/services are all nearby and why would you want to spend lots of time in your room when the whole of the city is waiting for you??!!The lifts are fine - OK they dont work as quick as the Empire State Buildings lifts but they dont have 100+ floors!I thought the hotel was great for the price and would definitely stay there again.Last thing, I stayed in room 518 and I had a spectacular view of the Empire State Building from my window so I couldnt really ask for more!	
Oct 24 2006 	Reasonable accomodations	My daughter and I stayed at the Wolcott. The price is very reasonable for the location, 31st street off 5th avenue. The hotel is a bit older, but the rooms were clean. I did notice they are in the process of renovation. The front desk was not altogether helpful, but they did allow us to check in early. They also have pay storage lockers for after checkout. We would stay here again.	
Oct 21 2006 	Centre of the metropolis	Hotel Wolcott in a great location.Our room had a view of the Empire State Building.Close to Herald Square and Times Square , great for shopping.Old Navy , Modells Sports , Macys just yards away.Hotel basic but clean, comfortable beds and TV if your get a second.Muffins and tea/coffee in foyer but a great deli around the corner and Dunkin' donuts on the corner.Ice downstairs was the only drawback.Great position in Midtown , so much to see.	
Oct 18 2006	Excellent value for money	I stayed at the Wolcott from Oct 12-16. Excellent value for money: 160 USD per night for a twin room through CarlsonWagonlit Travel. Location is excellent, right of off 5th avenue near the empire state building. Beautiful lobby, decent rooms (not super modern but clean and big, clean bathroom). Check it out on ---.French visitor in NYC	
Oct 16 2006 	Situated in a good area	The rooms in this hotel are not magnificent but are comfortable enough. Good points include: Big tv, spacious bed (we stayed in a double) and situated just up from the Empire State Building. I believe that muffins and coffee were also served in the morning, but when you only have one full day in NY as we did then you want to try out the bagel shop across the street! The staff were friendly enough. Bad points: we stayed there on our honeymoon but i wouldn't reccommend it for that purpose, unless you are on a budget as we were. Even then, if we had our honeymoon again then we would pick somewhere else. Also, the generator outside made alot of noise throughout the night. Overall- not bad but because it's NYC baby!- treat yourself to somewhere nicer.	
Oct 12 2006 	dont worry	I was worried about staying in this hotel after reading the mixed reviews on here so felt I should submit one of my own after having a good experience.Remember this you are staying within walking distance of all the major sights, this hotel could not be in a better place. Empire State 30seconds, times square, rockefeller, chrysler, macys, flatiron building, st patricks, new york library, grand central and lots more all within a walking distance of the hotel. The prices are much cheaper than other accommodations in this area and in my opinion you get a good deal for your money.We stayed in a junior suite and it was a large room, the bed was very comfortable and the room was clean. The bedroom area had a tv and closet and there was another room with couch, tv, two chairs, desk, telephone. The ensuite was a good size and the shower water pressure powerful - it took a few seconds to get the temperature right but that is not much of a hassle is it!We had no view from our room - but you did not come to look out the window anyway did you? We had a view of a brick wall and the room did not let in much light - this however did not bother me for one minute - we got up in the morning and did not return until night when we went straight to bed. Ignore complaints about the lift in other reviews - they were fine some people might think a wait of less than a minute at the most for a lift when the hotel is fully booked is onerous but I am not one of them. I dont know about &quot;bugs&quot; as some others have commented on I can just say that I never experienced this at all.The hotel provides coffee and muffins every morning, each room has a safe, hairdryer, iron and clean supply of towels and bed linen each day. I did not have any dealings with the staff other than on check-in and check-out but found them to be friendly and helpful. Large lockers are provided for storage of your bags if you are leaving after check-out - just 50cent. If like me you are looking for good value accommodation that has everything you need and is in a great location, you wont go wrong. However, if you are looking for 5star accommodation but are only willing to pay 2star prices you will be disappointed.	
Oct 9 2006	Don't Stay Here!	This place is awful! My friend and I found the hotel on the Internet and called the hotel directly to make reservations. The pictures on their web site looked just fine. Don't be fooled. This place is dingy and dirty. The first night we were stuck in a smoking room that was small and dark. We were told that there wasn't another room available and we could probably move in the morning. After climbing into bed I found a bug crawling on the sheets. The next day, at 9 AM, a room was miraculously available. This room was half the size of the room we were originally staying in. It had a lovely view of a rooftop and adjacent buildings with no possibility of getting any sunlight into the room. The closet was tiny and there was little room to move around the bed. The moment my friend touched the bed the headboard fell off of the wall. We found ourselves getting up early and staying out very late to avoid going back into that room. Do not stay here. It's cheaper than other hotels but you definitely get what you pay for!	
Oct 6 2006 	Comfortable clean and good location	I had read a lot of reviews of the Hotel Wolcott before I left for my 4 night stay in September and was a little worried about what I would find because of the mixed reviews and because NY is notorious for expensive but below par hotels. I was pleasantly surprised to find that our room and bathroom were clean and well appointed. Although we had no view out of our window this meant that we weren't disturbed by street noise and we were generally very happy with our stay. The lobby is fantastic and we made use of the complimentary breakfasts - be warned though that very large parties or students often stay at the hotel and consequently if you arrive for breakfast when they do there is very little left until supplies are replenished (which is often). We only had one problem with the room and that was the in-room safe - DON'T BOTHER TO USE THEM - they frequently go wrong and although the handyman was very prompt in helping us out the safes are unreliable and lock you out and refuse to accept your password. All in all our stay was very comfortable and you just cannot beat the location - especially given the reasonable price - and yes, I would recommend this hotel and I would go back there. I stayed in New York 16 years ago in a hotel just off Broadway and the Hotel Wolcott was 10 times better than my previous hotel.	
Oct 4 2006 	Travel Writer's Choice	I am a former (budget) travel writer, and I send my friends to the Wolcott for its historic beauty, central location, and good rates.Its web sites quotes many of my colleagues sahying the same.Bern Marcowitz	
Oct 4 2006 	Avoid the Wolcott Hotel	My daughter and I booked our NYC mini-vacation through Orbitz at the Wolcott Hotel. We were confident through reading other reviews that even though the rooms were tiny, it was an affordable, clean, and comfortable choice. They were also one of the few hotels that offered twin beds. We checked in on the evening of September 28, 2006 and found our room to be just as we expected very tiny, the closet wasn't even deep enough to accomodate a clothes hanger! We decided even though the cleanliness didn't meet our standards, it was pretty typical for a hotel and we could put up with it for a few days. We quickly unpacked our belongings and hit the streets in search of a restaurant for our late dinner. We were exhausted after a long day of travel and much walking, so we went to bed pretty much as soon as we got back to our room. The next morning, my daughter noticed a bug on her comforter and she immediately new what it was...a bedbug! I squished it in a kleenex and it was full of blood. We were too afraid of what we might find so we didn't tear our beds apart to see how many other visitors were there, but I did see a chigger next to my pillow! We quickly packed our suitcases and checked out, advising the girl at the front desk about our discovery. The hotel manager wasn't in yet so we locked our suitcases in a locker and left for our morning as guests of the audience for the Martha Stewart Show. After lunch, we returned to the hotel to speak with the manager. According to her, the maid found the room to be infested with bedbugs and she invited us to her office to check our bags for hitchikers. We didn't find any, thankfully, but we were still very grossed out by the whole situation! The manager called Orbitz and we weren't charged for our 1 night stay, the following nights were cancelled, and we weren't charged a penalty. According to the manager the hotel has an exterminator come in every Thursday and spray each room. I guess he skipped the room we were in for several weeks!	
Sep 30 2006 	Great hotel	We stayed here and had a great time its not the best hotel in new york, but for the price its very good value.The lobby is fantastic and worth a look.The location cant be any better 1 block from empire state building 20 mins from time square etc.Plus 1 min from dunkin donuts, burger king and mcdonalds.The rooms are very clean and comfortable we had a king size bed and a pull out sofa bed for our son witch was a double bed.All in all for the price a fantastic hotel.	
Sep 27 2006 	Two Words - BED BUGS	My wife and I received the worst case of bed bug bites imaginable during our 3-night stay at Hotel Wolcott. The red, extremely itchy bumps did not surface until the day we left NYC. I got it all over my face, neck and arms. I have been in misery since getting back from the trip. My wife started showing signs of the bites a couple days after me. We looked at photos online of bed bug bites and confirmed it is indeed what we have.The room we stayed in was dark, grungy and seemed unsanitary. Unfortunately, the uncleanliness of the room was confirmed by the many bites we received from the bed bugs. The doors to the rooms had no dampening mechanism so unless you consciously held the door till it closed, it slammed so loud that we were kept up all night. We had to write a note to the neighbors to tell them to close the door quietly.Needless to say, this was the worse hotel experience we've ever had. Stay away from Hotel Wolcott!!	
Sep 14 2006	Not bad but not the Best!	I have never been to NYC before and have been told that there are some nasty hotels there so I can't really compare this one with any other hotel in NYC. I found the rooms to be okay although there was a rusty staircase outside our window which made it impossible for us to have the windows open as we were afraid someone would just walk in and there were a lot of doors banging the whole time including the cleaners in the morning who could not close doors quietly!The rooms are clean but could be cleaner - we found an old stale paper cup with coffee under the bed not sure how long it had been there. The lift is really really really tiny and as you step out of the lift the smell that hits you has got to be the worst - it smells like rotten paint - I get ill just thinking of it.We also found the staff were not very helpful - when we told them our flight was at 9.30 at night they could not even let us stay in the room for an hour more instead they directed us to really tiny cupboards downstairs for us to leave our bags needless to say our cases could not fit.They do not have room service/laundry service. The gift shop where you are to buy the soap if you want to do laundry yourself does not even have fabric softner. And the fact that ther is no bell boy makes life truly hard if you are on your own and have lots of bags.Will i go there again ......... unless totally totally desperate.	
Sep 10 2006 	Excellent Value - Definitely Go Again	Very clean and in very good condition. Staff helpful. Excellent location vear Empire State. Muffin and tea/coffee for breakfast included in price. Unexpectedly grand and beautiful foyer.10 mins walk to Penn Station and to Washington for day for £64 return. Have stayed at a more expensive hotel near Times Square which could not compete with this. Nothing but praise for the Wolcott.	
Aug 22 2006	Yes to the Wolcott	Stayed at the Wolcott for 12 days in July 2006. We were happy with the hotel's location - only a block from the Empire State building and not far from Pensylvania Station and the underground - an easy walk. Our room was small but very clean and the bathroom was fine, if a bit dated. We had read reports about the slow lifts but they must have fixed them as they were good. Muffins and tea and coffee provided free each morning from about 6.30am - 10.30 in the foyer. Our only disatisfaction was the air conditioning which was slow and noisy. (We were there in a heat wave so decent a.c. would have helped but if we left it on full blast when we went out at night the room was okey to return turn. Then just had to turn it to a low drone for the rest of the night!! Price wise for N.Y. we think it was good value	
Aug 21 2006 	Terrible shower otherwise okay	We always stay in budget hotels when we visit New York, and we were impressed by the beautiful lobby and above-average guest accomodations here (our room was clean and well-decorated, and included a couch, which was very convenient). The front desk staff that we encountered during our stay were also very pleasant. However, that said, the shower in our room was really terrible. It is possible that this because we stayed on the 11th floor and this hotel is around 100 years old. I think this shower was even worse than those of the many cheap hotels I stayed at in China (although it was cleaner). Sometimes the water would just stop in the middle of the shower, but most of the time there was just very little water pressure. Sometimes we had to wait several minutes to get any warm water at all. We thought about asking to move to another room (preferably on a lower floor), but we decided to just live with it.Another &quot;con&quot; at this hotel is the air conditioning unit (at least the one in our room). It didn't keep the room very cold at all, and in fact it felt humid in the room even with the air con set at &quot;super cool&quot;. It can also be very loud and annoying at times.Yet another downside to this hotel is the lack of even a small refrigerator in the room (not to mention a microwave). We always prefer to have a refrigerator to store drinks or snacks in, and we have found them available in most budget hotel rooms in New York, but not here. So, we had mixed feelings about this hotel, but we feel that the &quot;cons&quot; outweighed the &quot;pros&quot; overall. Some people may find it acceptable (obviously many people do, looking at the reviews posted here), because of the price and the decent location (it is not far from Penn Station and Broadway.) However, we probably will look for another hotel the next time we stay in New York.	
Jul 21 2006	Great value safe clean excellent service	We stayed in the Wolcott in July 2006. We booked through hostelworld.com. The hotel is in a great location and is very reasonably priced. The room was small but clean and serviced daily. The television was huge. There are heaps of cheap places to eat in the area - we ate a the mexican place on 5th avenue a few times - very cheap and excellent food. The breakfast is muffins, tea and coffee and is served until about 11. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms do not have fridges but there are ice buckets in the rooms and an ice machine in the lobby as well as a cash machine and pay phones. There is a tour desk that can help you with bookings and transfer etc. The rooms are air conditioned.I would recommend the Wolcott and i would definately stay there again.	
Jul 9 2006	clean affordable central	I wondered if I should give this hotel 3 or 4 stars... to me it deserves exactly the amount of stars it currently has - 3.5. We stayed for 3 nights in Wolcott. The location is fabulous and actually deserves 5 stars. The room we booked was a double. When we arrived we asked for a room with a view of the Empire State Building - unfortunately there weren't any left. We got a triple instead for the same price. It was quiet and clean, no question about it, but pretty dark (backyard side and in the inner corner of the building). We had to have the lights on all the time. Also, the smell that several other reviewers mentioned, was there. I thought it wouldn't disturb me but it was quite penetrant. The bathroom was large enough and very clean and the towels were changed daily and were nice and fluffy. Muffins and coffee every morning was a nice touch. The staff was very friendly to us. The elevator that was mentioned by other reviewers was fast enough for us and we never had to wait longer than a minute or 2.The lobby is beautiful, it ws a pleasure to walk through it every day. As for the corridors that were mentioned in other rewievs - we did't find them dark or creepy at all. Each room has has internet but you have to use the TV to surf... and it is a pain. We went to a small internet cafe in the same street instead, it is just a few steps away from the hotel.The hotel is affordable, quiet and clean, and if I had the guarantee of getting a brighter room next time, I'd eventually stay there again.	
Jun 29 2006	Great value and service	Two friends and I stayed at the Wolcott for 4 nights during June 2006. I found the hotel using TripAdvisor, and was not disappointed in the least. We had a &quot;Triple Room&quot;, which was perfect for the three of us. One small section had a twin bed, dresser, bedside table,safe, and TV. The larger main room had two twin beds, dresser, bedside table, desk, large chair, and another TV. Both sections had an air conditioner. One was pretty noisey, but that was a minor quibble. The bathroom is small - standard tub/shower and toilet, but a small sink, and not much room - another minor quibble. All in all we were all very happy with the room, especially at the price we paid, compared to what other hotels charge for similar accomodations. Clean, excellent maid service, beautiful lobby, free coffee and muffins in the morning. Maybe the nicest surprise was the concierge service. Two different women helped us obtain tickets to a Broadway Show (orchestra seats, 10th row center!), recommended the best steak house I've ever eaten at (Uncle Jack's), and arranged for shuttle service to the airport.I'd highly recommend the Wolcott to anyone looking for a *relatively* moderate priced hotel in a great location - 2 blocks from Penn Station/Madison Square Garden, near the Empire State Building. We walked to Times Square with no problem. The neighborhood is safe and centrally located.The next time I visit New York City I'm heading back to the Wolcott.	
Jun 6 2006	Way Better Than I Expected	I was concerned after reading some bad reviews but the hotel was great. The elevator worked all the time except once and they are still working on the second elevator. The muffins were good and there was quite a selection of different ones. The room was very quiet except for the air conditioner, which may need updating. There wasn't much of a view but who goes to NYC to sit in a hotel room and look at a view! I would stay there again - it was inexpensive, quiet and in a great central location. Unless you want to pay more for a more luxurious bathroom, I would recommend the hotel. We asked for a non-smoking room and there were no problems with getting one.	
Jun 1 2006	It was so GREAT....	Date: May 24 - 28 (2006)Ok all start by saying..when I first got to NYC it was amazing and then when I showed up at the hotel..it was even more amazing because I got to unpack real quick then go explore the wonderful city that never sleeps..which is SOOOO....true.When we checked in..the man that was working at the front was so friendly..I mean exspecially since we just got back from the airport and every worker there was extremley rude..but that brings me to the point where I can brag on the staff.The Staff..Wonderful..no complaints what so ever..helpful in anyway.Ok now for the Slow,crappy, and haunted elevator..NO just kidding..but I tell you almost every review I read before I went to NYC to stay at the wolcott said that something was wrong with the elevator..but So not true on my exsperince in it. Yes..the elevators were sort of slow..but that's only because they were working on puting the other new one in so it took a little bit more time. But most likley before you go..who's reading this..they'll be done by then.So that's that.Rooms: Georgous..I love how they were made..and if your looking for a cheap(as in money) hotel to stay in with a nice BIG room..The wolcot is the perfect pick for you..it was for us. The rooms are huge and very nice..I LOVED the bed and the little couch in the other room that was very comfey. And my favorite channel was E! (just for some fun info.) The very little I watched it anyways..lol. So enough of that..on to the attractions near by..empire state building is 3 blocks down..just like a lot of reviews say..and Time Square..umm..all say it's about a 5-10-15 min. walk..just depends on how fast you walk, if you stop places, or etc. But for me it just seemed as if it took 2 sec. to get to time square..I geuss I wasn't paying to much attention to the time..lol..but who would.There's pleanty of places in the morning to go for breakfest if you don't want their muffins in milk. As in places to go..duncon dounuts..which is right across the street. Or you could walk a few mins. away and go to a near by starbucks coffee and trust me..there is plenty of those.So for the final part of the review..it was Splended..I had a wonderful exsperince and I hope whoever else chooses the wolcott..to have a wonderful exsperince too.Until next time I go and stay at the wolcott....Serena Renee Morgan	
May 25 2006 	Can't believe these positive reviews !?!	I am amazed by the positive comments. For $180.00 a night, even in New York City, this was the most bare-bones experience of my life. We stayed on the second floor, up a dangerous stairwell (spilt coffee remained on the old marble stairs all day one day). The sink was smaller than my hand so when we washed our faces with utmost care, our feet and clothes got soaked. The mirror in the bathroom was positioned too high for my 5'4 height to use. There were no amenities. Breakfast - a hard muffin and bad coffee? And no one to help with luggage? Did you see the &quot;lobby bathrooms?&quot; I've stayed in less expensive places in New York with so many more amenities, it's just that everything else was booked during this time. I truly felt bad for the other guests, especially the ones that had to use the only working elevator. You can do SO MUCH better.	
May 23 2006	No Roaches Clean 	For the money, $150 (weekend), what a great deal. An ornate lobby and a doorman. Staff was helpful but the one working lift was incredibly slow...thats the price you pay during renovations. To our surprise, the room was large w/ 2 twins, a working TV and remote. Full opening windows and a view of the Empire State Building. I like the fact that the bathroom was quite far away from the actual bedroom and that it was a good size. There was a large closet w/ a safe, blow-dryer and a huge dressing room. The air-conditioner kicked butt. There were no roaches, mice, etc....we even left food in the room. The room was clean and room service was there daily. No outside traffic noise, no hall noise.Downside: The garbage on the ledges outside either window, could have been easily picked up by a maintenance worker.This Hotel is actually in what they call &quot;Korea Town&quot;, surrounded by lovely ethnic restaurants....I used chopsticks the whole trip!Worth the money and the stay.	
May 21 2006	Pleasently surprised!	Pleasently surprised by the quality of the Hotel Wolcott after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. Stayed in the Standard Twin Room (non-smoking, 3rd floor facing the street). The room was quite spacious! Definitely request for room# 316. Overall, the room and bathroom are both clean. The hotel staff are friendly and accomodating. The complimentary coffee and muffin are decent. If one prefer, there is a Dunkin' Donuts across the street from the hotel. The hotel is in close proximity to the subway, shops, and major attractions (notably, the Empire State Building). I will definitely stay at the Hotel Wolcott again!:)	
May 13 2006	no complaints	Stayed in a triple room in this hotel for a week and had no problems. We too were at the back of the hotel and our view was looking down onto roof-tops and into the back of buildings opposite, but this is to be expected in NYC. The room and bathroom were warm and clean and the hotel is in a good location, just around the corner from the Empire State building and within walking distance of Macys and Times Square. True, only one of the guest elevators works and it can be a bit slow, but its no big deal. If you're looking for somewhere nice, safe and clean (but not too luxurious!) to stay in NYC at a reasonable price you can't really go wrong.	
May 12 2006	Wonderful experience. Step back in time at the Wolcott Hotel.	May 8-11, 2006. We were pleasantly surprised by the accommodations at the Wolcott Hotel. The lobby is like something from years gone by when attention to detail was important. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast of coffee and muffins was great…a time and money saver. The room was small, but you have to remember when the hotel was built…at the turn of the last century when rooms weren't spacious. The bathroom was very nice…much larger than I had expected. All public areas were very clean, as well as our room. The hotel is conveniently located near the 34th Street subway station which can take you anywhere in NYC. We will definitely stay at the Wolcott Hotel on our next stay in New York City.	
May 9 2006	average hotel	Have just got back from NYC, staying in the Wolcott Hotel. Whatever you do, do not stay on the 2nd floor e.g No 206. The room smelt stale and the view we had was none existant, facing onto the backs of bulidings with beer cans and trash just outside our window. We didn't feel very safe and caused a stir with the hotel. The manager showed us another room, 1 floor up, still not much better and with the words &quot; I don't think you'll be moving after seeing this one!&quot; They didn't have any more rooms available that night so they moved us the next day to the 12th floor and that was heaps better!!The hotel was okay and had muffins, coffee in the morning. Everything was really close like The Empire State Building, Macy's, Maddison Square Garden ( up to 10 mins), sol ocation wise it was ideal, we used yellow cabs for everywhere else, which worked out cheaper when in groups.	
Apr 27 2006	Quite a nice place	I stayed in the Wolcott the week before Easter, after reading a number of reviews that were very mixed I decided that I was gonna book it as I liked the fact that it was very central and the price was affordable.The room was an acceptable size and the bathroom was okay. I fancied a bath but I made do with having a shower as the bath was a very dated one. The water whenever I used it was warm/hot. We stayed on the 7th floor, and we faced out to the back of the hotel. We did ask if it was possible to have a room facing the street but we were told that the twin room nearly all faced the back. The room was cleaned everyday, although their was a lack of loo roll when you asked for anything in regards to your room the maids were generally eager to please.The muffins, tea and coffee is a nice touch but strangely enough on the sunday that we were there, there wasnt any. I didnt get around to asking if they were all finished or if it was day of abstinace!If I was to return to New York in the near future I would definitely stay in the Wolcott. The lobby is also very ornate - apparently it is owned by the same people who own the Waldorf Astoria, so maybe this is where the furntiture comes from.Go there, you get what you pay for and a little more....Think of the location and the close proximity of everything around you.	
Apr 3 2006	Great hotel	I just returned from my trip to New York and I stayed at Hotel Wolcott. Granted it's not a fancy hotel but it's very comfortable, in a great location and very inexpensive. I highly recommond this hotel to those that just want a decent place to sleep in and that is conveniently located.	
Mar 23 2006	Clean Comfortable Central.....	We have just returned after a weeks stay in this hotel. It may only be an average hotel (basic - by all standards), but believe me it is very central and very cheap. (the rooms, bedding and towels are changed, cleaned daily. The complimentry breakfast&quot; of hard muffins and coffee is a bit much to take so early in the morning (only served till bout 9am), but right outside you have carts selling all kinds. donuts and coffee only $1.00You have Empire state building, Madison Square Garden, Penn Station and Port Authority all within 5/10 min walk. Because of its ideal location it only took us bout 25 mins to walk downtown to Chinatown taking in all the sites, and about the same walking uptown towards central park	
Mar 12 2006	Super value and amazing location.	I've rated this hotel as above average because I don't think you can beat it for the money.I went to NYC for the first time in September with my boyfriend. We loved every minute of it.Hotel is clean and rooms are made up everyday. All have TV, reasonable bathroom etc. The decor is dated and the lifts are very slow BUT this is all outweighed by the fantastic value for money it offers and the fact it is about three buildings from 5th avenue and is two minutes from the subway.The hotel is also only about 15 minutes walk from Times Square and Broadway shows. It's about five minutes walk from Madison Square Gardens if you're in NYC for sport or a concert. Is only three minutes walk from Macys if you're going for the shopping.The only thing I didn't like was the conceirge who was rude and unhelpful. This didn't really bother me though as we had got Broadway, Baseball etc tickets in advance on the internet.I wouldn't have wanted to spend more money on more upmarket accomodation as all we did was sleep in the hotel and were out all day and evening.	
Feb 21 2006	Comfortable but shabby.	Stayed here in October with my husband &amp; 11 year old daughter. The public areas of the hotel are elegant but very faded. Rooms are not a bad size for NYC, warm, comfortable, but in need of updating. The complimentary coffee &amp; muffins in the lobby for breakfast are a nice touch. The lift is VERY slow. the staff are rather off hand &amp; the hotel did not honour the room rate that we had booked via Travelocity, despite us having our confirmation printout with us. Overall, it is not too bad for the money &amp; in a good location for getting to the sites. There are a few resturants in the roads around the hotel, but nothing upmarket. However, the Indian place virtually next to the hotel is really good - great food, very attentive service &amp; huge portions.	
Jan 30 2006	Great Inexpensive hotel with free morning tea!	I really liked this hotel - I travelled alone and was concerned about being a woman wondering the big city by myself. I always felt safe in the area around the hotel which I think is very important. The location is great, within walking distance of Times Square and Empire State Building. I even walked from central park down 5th avenue back to the hotel (it's a long walk but flat and with plenty of window shopping). The rooms were clean and very nice, the only down side was that the elevator was really slow (to the point where you think it's about to break down - I used the stairs alot).I would definitely recommend this as a well priced NYC hotel with a great location. BTW they have wireless internet in the lobby and serve muffins and tea/coffee every morning there.	
Jan 16 2006 	Serviceable shabby	The Wolcott's OK for the price, but I'll not stay there again. Location is right next to the Empire State and a quick walk to Macy's, etc. Room size is &quot;European,&quot; meaning small. Seemed relatively clean and everything worked. Because it's toward the middle of a block on a street rather than an avenue, outside noise isn't atrocious (a rarity in NY). Noise from the steam pipes, which kick in at around 5:30 every morning, is another story - you will be woken. I used the small, awkwardly placed (it's by staff offices and you have to walk through the lobby) workout room - semi-recumbent bike and weights worked fine, though TV remotes did not, temp was way too hot, and no water available. Elevators were being fixed in early Dec 2005, so anything above 3rd floor supplied its own workout.	
Jan 13 2006	Not for a woman alone	I booked a Friday night in the Wolcott and found it a very mixed bag. The lobby was shabby and the staff don't do small talk. Wouldn't be somewhere you'd hang around and indeed, why would you when glorious NYC is just outside the door? I was given a room on 2nd floor so didn't have to use the lift, thank god as it was TINY and very slow - people with huge suitcases queuing to use it (your weekend would be over by the time you got it). After lugging my overnight bag down longest, gloomiest corridor I've ever seen - I expected to see an axe murderer lurking somewhere in the grim shadows - I opened the door to my room expecting god-knows-what and to my utter surprise, my twin-bedded room was NICE! - freshly refurbished by the looks of it, clean if a little poky, nicely furnished and with a - wait for it - HUGE bathroom in pristine white with big fluffy towels. I nearly died of shock. Biggest shock was waiting outside window, though cose when I opened the curtains there was a WALL right outside, almost touching the pane, which set off my claustrophia button bigtime. THe combination of the long gloomy corridor miles from anyway and the wall made me freak out. I sat on the bed, trying to contemplate arriving back alone after the theatre and just couldn't face it - too stifling, nice room notwithstanding, back to stay with a friend! However, I would've been very happy to stay had I been with a companion as I thought the room, though dark and viewless, was ok for the price. Agree also that the area is poor at night - rundown and deserted, with no action whatsoever, no shops, bars, restaurants that I could see and very few people out and about. On the plus side though, very quiet.	
Jan 10 2006	A great hotel in a great location for a great price !!! what more do you want ??	We stayed in room 2211 at the Wolcott Hotel between 14 -21 Dec 2005. We arrived late at night and received a warm welcome from the receptionist who was very helpful in directing us to some fabulous local restaurants during our stay. The room was warm, well appointed and clean. We had a walk in style wardrobe with a safe, extra pillows, a large TV (not that you watch much TV in a fab city like NY) and the shower was powerful with loads of hot water which is exactly what you need when its -2 outside !!! Each day the bed linen was changed as were the bath towels.The complementary breakfast in the lobby each morning from 06:30 was a real bonus; coming from the UK the time difference really throws you out, you end up waking up really early so it was lovely to have something available in the hotel at that time in the morning. They serve gorgeous fresh muffins (loads of different varieties) and good coffee – my husband and I would take it in turns to run down stairs with the tray and take breakfast back to the room each morning.The hotel is three minutes walk form the empire state building, right on 5th Ave and has lots of great restaurants, delis and bars near by. The only down sides (if you really want to be picky) are that the lifts was very slow - but then you only use them a couple of times a day … the hand basin in the bathroom was hysterically small but then again what else do you do in a basin apart from clean your teeth ?? and the corridors are a little bare and dark but then you don’t go to New York to study the hotel corridors ?? Don’t let these things put you off as all in all this is a great hotel in a great location for a reasonable price (which in NY is a real find).	
Jan 4 2006	A good spot for a budget stay	We did an extended stay in New York for the Christmas and New Year holidays so budget was a big factor. The Wolcott Hotel is affordable and in an excellent location - walking distance to many major attractions, and subway close for any others. We opted to pay the extra $10/night for a jr. suite and it was well worth it. The rooms were comfortable and roomy (by NYC) standards - space for up to four people in the room. The bathroom was well sized and clean. The elevator was slow but we requested a room on one of the lower floors (we got the second floor) and only used the elevator on the first and last day when we had luggage to tote. The rooms were warm (remember this was snowy winter so that's a good thing!) We were allowed an early check-in and a late check-out with no problems. Maid service was lightening fast. Its a budget class hotel, no frills. The room decor is plain. The service elevator is just plain gross. The regular elevator is fine - slow but we never waited more than 3-5 minutes. The hallways have a stale odor and a dingy appearance...but we enjoyed the hotel overall. Laundry service (washers and dryers) are available to use in the basement and there is a convenience store on site. No room service but local restaurants will deliver to your door. I was particularly nervous about staying at this hotel after reading the previous reviews but in the end I was happy with my stay.	
Dec 22 2005	A Good Experience	I think the Hotel Wolcott is a great value in a central location. I paid $200/weekend night and $120/weeknight. My room was clean and the linens looked and smelled fresh. The furniture and TV appeared to be newer. The bed was comfortable too. The carpeting had a few wrinkles. I could view the top 20 floors of the Empire State Building from my window. There was a walk-in closet containing a safe.The bathroom was clean but small. The sink was one of the tiniest I had ever seen. A small shelf hanging above made it difficult for brushing teeth without bumping my head. My only other complaint was that it was very difficult to adjust the shower's water temperature. There was plenty of hot and sometimes scalding water, but it literally took me 10 minutes to get it to where it was comfortable. This is despite having the same style faucet at home! There was a 20-30 second delay between faucet adjustments which made it very frustrating when trying to get the correct temperature water flowing out of the tap. The hotel's location was very convenient to shopping and the subway at 34th st. Unfortunately, the Transport Workers Union decided to strike about halfway through my trip, bringing most public transportation to a standstill. Luckily, the hotel is still in the center of Manhattan (east to west). Walking 28 blocks to the southern edge of Central Park proved to be do-able for someone in his early 30's, but tiring. There were only a couple restaurants on the same block, but it was still easy to find a place to eat by walking another block in any direction.There are normally two passenger elevators. One was being renovated. It appeared to be nearly done the day I checked out. The other one was slow, but I got around this by walking downstairs every time and only took the elevator when going up.Morning breakfast consisted of about 4 types of muffins, coffee and tea. Everything was good. If you like a bigger breakfast, there are nice cafes and diners within a block. A Dunkin' Donuts is across the street.I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Dec 11 2005 	A bit of a dump	The location is ok, but the area is a bit funky at night. It is a part of town that is neither one thing nor another. There is some renovation in the hotel going on but it might take some time. The gym is just a stuffy room with a couple of old machines - avoid! I was in a renovated suite and it was still not very nice. The beds are ok, the showers are good. The rooms are dark and not very clean. The elvators are very slow and very noisy inside the rooms as well as the whistling radiators. The hotel is tatty. The staff on reception arent very friendly, they dont seem to care. They also messed up my bill, through incompetence, not fraud, but you need to be careful. Dont think that the public areas look anything like the lobby ceiling!	
Dec 1 2005	Not all bad	Stayed at this hotel last week in November 2005. The location is great being only about a 5 minute walk from the Empire State building. The reception area as you walk in is very ornate and really had a wow factor which was not to last. Reception staff were very helpfull at all times. The lifts are very slow with only one working due to the other being refurbished and I do mean very slow. I feel sorry for anyone on the 15th floor especially on our last day when checking out as none of the lifts were working. We were allowed to use the service lift which was also slow and smelly. Try and make sure you are no higher than 4th floor or you may regret it. The corridors and stairs are dingy and very tired looking and I must admit I was not looking forward to entering my room for the first time however it was not as bad as I thought. The decor was also tired but it was clean with plenty of hot water. Bed linen was clean as was the bathroom and it nice to have a large size TV. There was also a mini fridge which was great for keeping drinks cool and also a room safe which was very handy. Overall expect dingy basic but with a great central location. Its a shame that with a bit more effort and a complete refurbishment programe this could be a fantastic hotel.	
Nov 29 2005	good location but.......	just returned from a 3 night break,our first visit to new york. room 201 had a clean comfortable bed, clean towels and bathroom with visiting cockroaches. nowhere to put anything in bathroom including towels, but was cleaned daily. the carpet hadn't seen a hoover in months and the corridor outside our room had an awful smell any time of day.great location but would not use this hotel again, we are used to something a little better. p.s. don't use the loo in the lobby unless desperate!!	
Nov 26 2005	Clean safe inexpensive midtown.	This was my third stay at the Wolcott. It was 1 night, November 19th. Our room was clean but a little smelly. The bathroom was very clean and the towels are new and improved since the last time I was there. The elevator was broken &lt;sigh&gt; but the service elevator was open to guests and it moved quickly. Muffins and coffee were good in the morning. $210 for a 2 room suite for 3 people on a Saturday night at 31st and 5th Ave. is not bad at all. The hotel does what it's supposed to do for the price - it gives you a clean, safe place to stay for the few hours you choose to be in your hotel room. Recommended.	
Nov 11 2005	It was cheap and I felt safe and comfy	I stayed in this hotel having noticed a deal advertised in my travel guide. I was fed up with sharing rooms in hostels and decided to treat myself to a couple of nights in a hotel. The price was right and, although my room was smallish for an American hotel,I had a queen sized bed, TV, and a bathroom. I had air conditioning and slept well. The entrance hall to the hotel is very impressive, and although the decor in the rest of the hotel wasn't as striking, everything was fine. I was expecting a bit more from the breakfast, but I felt pretty happy with everything else. The location was good.I do recall large groups of people queuing at the front desk, so it is possible that customer services are not ideal. However, I don't recall having any particular problems with check in, or check out.	
Nov 10 2005	Great value for money.	We found the Wolcott to be just what we were after. When in New York you really don't spend much time in a hotel room. Therefore, it was sufficient for what we were after - a place to sleep. The rooms were not too small, very clean, maintained every day, and we were lucky enough to have views of the Empire State. It is very central, we could walk almost everywhere. Would highly recommend this hotel to those who are in New York on a budget. No complaints here. Oh and the complimentary breakfast every morning is a bonus! And the lobby is very ornate. Hope this helps.	
Nov 1 2005	Good for the Price	Needed a hotel in Manhattan for one night and did not want to spend a small fortune. Found the Wolcott and after reading reviews on Tripadvisor decided to take a chance. For $200.00 in midtown Manhattan, the hotel was fine. Front desk staff was extremely courteous and the room was decent size and clean. Hotel has small continental breakfast of coffee and muffins included in price and also has lockers for baggage in lobby. This was great since we checked out early in morning to explore manhattan but needed place to leave baggage for late departure from city. If you need a place to sleep and don't need any other services, hard to beat at this price.	
Oct 31 2005	Good value for money	Basically - you get what you pay for. For the price, it's a good deal. The rooms were basic but clean and the room we stayed in was a lot more spacious than we expected (room 609). The biggest plus point was that we arrived at 9.30am, without calling ahead to request early check in, and we were able to check in straight away. The staff were nice and helpful. The location is GREAT. The hotel is definitely on the dated side and the elevator is somewhat slow - but for the price it is well worth it and we would stay here again.	
Oct 28 2005	pleasantly surprised	we stayed 3 nights here as we went to a wedding in syracuse after and then stayed 2 nights at the murray hill inn ....both are affordable and seem to attract british people ...both are very good locations ..i read almost every review on here of dozens of hotels and also consulted all the usual guide books etc...in the end we opted for this hotel(over for example ,the chelsea,hreald square etc)....firstly let me say i think things vary greatly depending on which room you get and youre expectations...heres my account...we(me and my girlfriend)stayed in room 1022...ask for that room if you want a nice quite large(for nyc)room thats very clean ,,it has 3 windows ,2 overlook the next block of rooms which can be interesting!!the other has a view of the corner of the street which reminded me of an edward hopper etchnig called nighthawks...very wonderful to my arty eye....shower no bath but hot clean nice...small toilet area but fine...bed comfy...big big tv..28 channels of the usual us tv..breakfast was ok,,muffins and corfee in over opulent foyer...wots all this crap about the lift ...you press it ..it comes you get in and go up....theres a second utility lift they let you use...all the people that moan about the lift are the ones that beep in cars who have to wait 2 minutes....(all probly die at 55 from heart trouble)...what else...nice friendly staff if youre nice to them ..its probly crap money and long hours so be nice.and polite...dont act like youre royalty if youre english and youll find them great...if i go back soon to nyc i will absolutly try for this room again this hotel and this room...for a slightly less favorable review see my entry for the murray hill inn...now over to my girlfriend for her two cents...my first thought is expectation...if you are expecting the ritz carlton or the trump towers, by all means spend the extra 500+ dollars a night and stay there. our expectations were for a clean, quiet enough to sleep, comfy room with a bit of space to open our luggage and move around in. after reading the reviews on here we were pleasantly surprised with just how much room there was. the location was fantastic, walked everywhere. the staff was friendly in a new yorker kind of way. there's a safe in the room to keep valuables protected. what else can i say, we enjoyed our stay for what the hotel was, a comfortable, very affordable, great location!	
Oct 12 2005	Not so Good...	My friend and I stayed here for 3 nights last week, and I'd probably not stay there again. I want to be fair, so these are the pros and cons:the location is great, the price is wonderful for mid-town Manhatten, and the room was cute, neat and clean. I enjoyed the Complimentary 'Continental Breakfasts' each morning, but there was not alot to choose from...only muffins and coffee...nothing else, so don't expect fruit, juice, cereal, etc. The lobby has beautiful, renovated ceiling architecture, and nice couches and chairs to sit in while waiting for rides.Cons: there is ONE working SMALL elevator to accommodate everyone in the hotel; it accommodates 4 people with luggage, and takes forever to come. Everyone was complaining about it. There is a restroom off the lobby, but requires a key to access it...this was a pain. Several people off the street were coming in to use it (there was a parade that day), so it was hard to keep up with the key. The Concierge was a new girl, and was no help. She made several hotel visitors angry. She gave us wrong directions, and caused us to miss our prepaid ride to the airport. When I sought help from her boss who worked in the gift shop, he was one of the rudest people I've ever encountered. He screamed at me, and told me &quot;things like this happen in NYC...hire a taxi!&quot; I ended up writing a letter to the hotel manager and am awaiting a response. He should not be working in public service. Hope this helps.	
Oct 12 2005	Better than expected	In 2004 I took a party of students, from the UK, to NYC. We were on a budget and as the first trip of this type we wanted it to go smoothly. The hotel choice was a very important part of the experience and this hotel certainly provided that. It was clean and in good decor with no reports of any bugs or anything else, even if we had seen a few - hey! it's New York, you are supposed to see a few. We made use of the tripple rooms which also kept the overall costs down. We had no complaints about anything from our party at all, although like most other reports we would confirm the lifts are a little on the slow side, however we were not there to spend time running up and down to our rooms, there was so much more to do. The location was everything we had hoped for, with the Empire State Building so close it was impossible to see the top from some of the rooms. The Flat Iron building was only a few blocks away, as was the subway, also Times Square was a pleasant short walk down Broadway from the end of the block. As for the advertised Breakfast, yes it is basic BUT just round the corner on 5th Ave there is a deli that serves a great meal anytime of the day, with an even better inexpensive one just a few blocks further down (about 26th street).ALL the staff were helpful , polite and willing to assist in all matters. Let's not forget, NYC has a workforce from all over the world, and as such not everyone will know the city inside out - it's part of the experience. Would I go again - too right, I am planning it right now. As for those who complain just for the h- - l of it, well they can spend a lot more of their money on a room they hardly use - Me - I'm off to do some shopping with the money I saved.	
Oct 10 2005	Good but not great	We stayed here for 6 nights as part of a 15 person travel group. Yes it is a budget hotel but with a great location. Somewhat shabby (faded glory for sure). Room was clean - only saw a couple of small bugs. Started with a twin room - very smalll, no view - and asked for a double which was arranged for the next day with no problem. A much better room with a view of the Empire State Building. No problem with water temperature in shower and TV remote worked fine (Unlike some other reviews). Bathroom was small but clean. We found the free muffins and coffee fine and a quick start to the day (nothing was stale). If you want something more or different for breakfast, there are lots of delis around. Elevators are very slow although they made a service elevator available which helped quite a lot. Apparantly the other regular elevator is under repair/renewal. A/C was very noisy and not too effective. Hotel staff were courteous enough although we did not ask them for any travel directions or tourist information. There is a tour rep in the lobby from whom you can book local tours but she did not seem too well-versed on anything other than the tours she sold. There is also a small convenience store in the hotel adjacent to the lobby if you need a bottle of water, junk food etc. Would consider staying there again although would try for better first.	
Oct 4 2005	Great Value for Money	The Wolcott Hotel was a great choice for me - cheap and cheerful. My room was clean (no bugs or roaches in my room, contrary to the other reviews here), and absolutely huge (three single beds - we asked for a twin), so plenty of space. The bathroom was tiny but I didn't go all the way to NYC to spend a week in a hotel bathroom.There were three downsides:-unpredictable shower temperatures-only one lift works and its SLOW-terrible service at receptionHowever, for the price I paid, I wasn't expecting a lot - so I was really happy.The corridors do smell of curry, and it is located on a quieter street with a few con shops, but we were two young females travelling together and didn't feel unsafe after dark. The fact that its 2 blocks from the empire state is just awesome.	
Oct 4 2005	very comfortable great location	I had reead some bad reviews of the Wolcott so wasnt too sure what to expect. The service was very good, rooms were clean and tidy.Very pleasent stay would book here again. Location really great and to be honest when you are in New York you are hardly ever in the hotel so for money and location you cant go wrong with this one.	
Sep 30 2005	Bit disappointed	I booked this hotel partly on reviews from this site, but also since my parents stayed here a few years ago (they seemed to like it). I stayed here for 2 nights with a friend, and I have to say I was disappointed - but in small ways. I wasn't expecting a great deal, but it was niggly things like: slow/out of order lifts, noisy (and warm?!) air-con (making it hard to sleep), shower had no cold water at times, remote control didn't work.Apart from that it was fine. The location is GREAT, 2 blocks down from empire state and close to Penn Station too. The surrounding area is ok too. The entrance hall is grand, but its true that the rest of the place is very dated (think the building's nearly 100 years old)On the whole, not bad, but couldn't help feeling we could have done a bit better somewhere else for the same price.	
Sep 28 2005 	Terrible waste of money: dirty with mice!	I absolutely do not understand that people have written a positive review about the Wolcott hotel.We stayed here for 5 nights with a group of 20. The hotel is dirty, it smells (like an Indian restaurant) and it is very noisy. You can not sleep here. The aircos of all the rooms are so noisy; it is like sleeping next to an airport. The elevator (only one worked) is so slow; it takes you 30 minutes to go up. One room had mice! The bathroom is small, especially the sink and the beds are very uncomfortable. So if you have a sensitive back you can not stay there. Everybody of my group complained. There is no service at the reception, as it is only focussed on making money of an old hotel without maintance or extra investments. The neighbourhood (Murray Hill) is nice, however the hotel is located in the worst part. Dealing in the street and a lot of small con shops.Breakfast is a joke: bad coffee in plastic cups and a box with old muffins in the lobby.For 200 dollars, please spend a little bit more and look for a better hotel. I can recommend the Sheraton Russel if you want to stay in Murray Hill.	
Sep 25 2005	Roaches were everywhere	We made reservations in May 2005 for a two-night stay in September 2005. Not only were we given a microscopic room (barely enough room on only one side to get out of bed); hardly even adequate for one person, let alone two! The bathroom was full of roaches. Every time you picked something up, at least three bugs would appear. The front desk people seemed to know nothing about the City -- they could provide no guidance on good places to eat, etc. The advertised breakfast was nothing more than muffins and some bad coffee. There are better places to spend your money!	
Sep 6 2005	Great location great rooms	Stayed here over Labor Day weekend. The place is undergoing a lot of renovation, and the rooms were the first things to be addressed. As such, the beds are practically new: nice and firm, comfy and good for rest. The room was great, with three twin beds in a small suite. The room was very clean, too.Some parts are still a little rough, particularly the elevators (often it's faster to take the stairs). But the staff was nice to us and the area was quiet (our room didn't face the street).I'd definitely go back - well worth the visit.	
Aug 28 2005	Fabulous Hotel	I have stayed in this hotel 3 times and it isthe most unusual hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms are clean and smart and there is a playstation in all the rooms. The lobby is like something from the Palace of Versailles. They also have a gym and internet access My only complaint is the fact the the lifts are most definately haunted!! you would press the button to go to floor 3 and it would take you to the 8th floor and the doors would not open! But the owners would soon sort you out. The location is fantastic! YOu are right on 5th avenue and opposite a Dunkin doughnuts/subway/baskin Robbins. on the Corner of 5th avenue is the BBC (Brooklyn bagel company) I reccomend the Salt Bagel with Cream Cheese and Lox! In the next block to this hotel is a great little Irish Bar called O'reilleys, It is within perfect Crawling distanceto the hotel! and nicely lit! So its not too scary and full of gangstas!	
Jul 30 2005 	cheap 	I stayed at the Wolcott on July 2005 for 3 nights, for the price (about $160) I wasnt expecting anything special, rather, I was a little bit scared. Glad to report that I was pleasantly surprised. My room (206) was very clean, yes a little bit old, but hey, for the price, I didnt care. The rooms have a mini fridge, a safe, a tv and a clean bathroom. Every morning they have free coffee and muffins.The only problem I had was that the airconditioning unit made noises, I discovered that it was due to water falling from an airconditioner above it, so i decided just to put a plastic glass where the water drops were falling and that solved the problem. The elevator is slowwww, and the hallway in my floor smelled a little bit funky. Other than that, I think this is a very good option for a budget traveler, its close to the subway, macys, times square.	
Jul 5 2005	Over-priced 	Very good location but very expensive for what it offers. Money has been spent on the lobby which gives a false impression of the inadequacies of the Hotel. No A/C but very noisy chiller units. Dingy and old-fashioned rooms and bathrooms but decent beds. Excessively expensive room prices and they even charge one dollar for each 'freephone call' from your room! You can shop around for better deals in better hotels.	
Jun 30 2005	Excellent value and location	Stayed at the Wolcott on June 25-28.This hotel is excellent value.The lobby is great, the lift and the halls are bad and the room and bath were clean and with more than enough room. We paid $126 per night + tax. For this price it is excellent value considering the location. We will stay there again the next time we go to NYC.	
Jun 30 2005	adequate	Stayed at the Wolcott in June 2005. Since there were varying opinions in the reviews I read, I had no idea what to expect. I think we pretty much got what we paid for. The rate was one of the cheapest I found for mid-town Manhattan. The lobby is beautiful; the rooms were clean and of adequate size. The hallways and elevators look and feel OLD. If you are expecting a modern Holiday Inn type experience, you will be disappointed. If you realize that you are staying in a 100 year old building whose basic structure hasn't been changed, you will be satisfied. The bathroom looks old and the corners had some stains, etc., but it was clean. Our room looked out over a dirty alley and the backs of buildings with fire escapes, but I thought it was sort of a New York City kind of experience, so it didn't bother me. The location is good, but just a few blocks away from the busiest area, so you may feel just a bit nervous coming back very late. All in all, it was about what I expected. My teenagers weren't with me, but I expect they would have been less than thrilled with it. For me, it was good enough just to spend 8 hours per night sleeping.	
Jun 28 2005	Loved the Wolcott	4 of us stayed at the Wolcott 6/22-25,05. I had never been to NYC before and didn't know where to stay so I picked the Wolcott for price and the reveiws from this site. I think the hotel is just fine, yeah the elevator is too slow, but the neighborhood (little korea) was neat and seemed safe enough to me. It was very convenient, we never had to wait long for a taxi to come by. Actually I had never been in a taxi before this. Theres pretty decent coffee and muffins in the lobby every morning and a Starbucks and Dunkin Donut/Subway/Baskin Robbins, just outside the hotel, in case you need a little more variety. One block over on 32nd St. there's a few Korean rest. One has a buffett, priced by the pound, we didnt eat there but it was fun to look at all the different foods and stuff for sale. We didnt stay in the hotel much but when we were there it was friendly, and so were the people on the streets. There is a highrise under construction across the street and we enjoyed listening to the workers in typical New York style fuss at the impatient drivers that were stuck, honking their horns of course, behind the taxis picking up and dropping off guests. We walked to Time Square and Macys everyday and the shops on 34th St. finding more shopping than I really wanted, but the prices were very good and I did have a little room in my suitcase. So in all I think it was just fine a hotel for us.	
Jun 27 2005	Excellent for the price....	I have stayed in many hotels in NYC - some lower end and some higher end and more often than not disappointing because the hotel ads were misleading or omitted important flaws - like no elevator, old beds, etc. The Wolcott delivered! The room (a triple for 3 women) was clean, roomy and quite comfortable. The beds (3 twin beds) appeared to be new and were very comfortable!! No problems with the shower, lights, etc. Overall we were very happy with the room and the the price. The staff was wonderful and very accomodating! We arrived at noon and were able to go to our room even though check-in was at 3:00. Checkout was at 12:30 and there was no problem storing our luggage until we left town at 5:30 pm. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 19 2005	Fantastic Value Great location	You normally get what you pay for, and I wasnt expecting much from the Wolcott..but it was great!As you walk out of the lobby and stare upwards you are right underneath the Empire State, turn left and you are 3 mins from Penn Station and turn right you are 50 yards from 5th Avenue.The location would be really,really hard to beat and the Hotel, although a bit tired and dated, is difficult to beat for value for money. Me and three friends stayed for three nights each, and although my room was quite small the other room was spacious with the beds separated by a lounge area. Both were exceptionally clean and tidy, views are limited though.The coffe and muffins for breakfast were enough to clear the nights hangover, and there are so many delis,coffee shops and diners within five minutes you cant go wrong.Yes the lifts are slow, and yes the decor is outdated but this hotel is highly recommended for a short stay with the lads......not sure about a romantic weekend for the missus!	
Jun 6 2005	Great value for money	I booked this hotel over the internet based on the reviews on this website. I thought the per night cost was very reasonable (especially after looking at other hotels).I had no problems with the room - I had requested a twin no smoking room and that's exactly what I got. The room was small, but my friend and I had enough room to have suitcases out on the floor and still be able to walk around. The room was very clean (including the bathroom).While it's true that the lifts could be slow I didn't find that too much of a problem. Also I found the staff friendly and helpful at all times.The location was excellent. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for reasonably priced accommodation in Manhattan.	
May 8 2005	Good pricekwalitielocation	Stayed in the Wolcott hotel, 27 april till 4 may,Rooms nice and clean, every day bed has bin made up and on demand clean handtowels deliverd.Badroom little small but clean.Staff was very helpfull to us, information desk in the lobby.Hotel 5 min walk from ESB, 10 min from Times Square, 5 min to subway.Every morning free coffie and muffins in the lobby.Enjoy this hotel, you only have to sleep there, take your time in the city.	
Apr 15 2005	location location location	Great service.....really nice staff....water pressure in the shower a bit dodgy so we had baths but that's not such a trial!!...room and sheets cleaned properly and regularly and great room safe.....You can see the Empire State Building out of the window!....Beautiful, old-world reception.... if you're looking for a budget hotel in New York I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this one!...I think we paid just £60 a night for our stay..	
Apr 13 2005	Great budget hotel	The rooms are surprisingly big and the staff is pleasant...my friend and I were VERY pleased with our choice to stay at the Wolcott. The free muffins and coffee in the morning are a definite plus, and the vintage feel of the lobby makes you feel like you're not staying in a 'budget hotel'. My only complaints were that the elevator was pretty slow, and the area outside of the Wolcott is ugly due to construction. However, the hotel is very close to lots of fun shopping (H&amp;M, Macy's, etc.) and the subway is super close too.Recommendation: go do the Empire State Building on a WEEKDAY....otherwise, the line is literally 2 1/2 hours long!	
Apr 2 2005	Wolcott a so-so hotel	Writing a late review 'cause I just got around to signing up to this website.Stayed at the Wolcott last year in June for seven days.The Good:- The location was good, near times square and the Empire State Bdg.- Staff was okay (But I wouldn't say friendly)- Price was good for it's location- Rooms were fairly clean, saw no rodents, pests, or any other undesirable things.- Decent TV (Not like I spent much time watching it, too many things to do in NYC to waste any time with that)The Bad:- Water pressure/temperature in shower was variable hot/cold- Strange looking liquid gurgled from the drain and coated the bottom of the tub, but happened infrequently.- Rooms are quite small (The bed took up most of the room)- Elevators are very, very SLOW (and like a hotbox in the summer)All in all, I wouldn't say it's a bad place to stay, but I wouldn't give it more than a 3-Star rating. Next time around I think I will lay down a little more cash, do more research, and maybe get something a little better.	
Mar 24 2005	Hotel Wolcott - 12th - 15th Feb 2005	After a 9hr fromLas Vegas I was looking forward to arriving at the 'city that never sleeps' and the Hotel Wolcott that had promised a lot of things.After reading the reviews on this site, I was a bit unsure to what to expect.Well what I recieved was a shockOn arrival at the Wolcott we were greeting by the most unhelp staff that I have ever meet. First of all they couldn't find our booking and when they did it was a twin room not a double. I had specified a double in my booking but as it was explained to me was basically 'like it or lump it'The lobby is stunning but as you go up in the tired and tiny lift you begin to find the hotel's true colours. The halls stunk and were nothing better than what you would find in a YMCA. The room was awful and the door would have blown over in one breath and it was paper thin. The only good then was that the bathroom was clean.That night we went to the concierge to ask for some help and we were again greeted with 'I am shut, lady' I never even bothered to answerNothing about this hotel was good honestly I have never experienced anything like this and I have been in bad this was just awfulAvoid!!!	
Mar 8 2005 	Great!	My aunt and I stayed near Times Square two years ago but unfortunately, that hotel was fully booked last June.Of to Wolcott it was. Well, we'll do it again. Some parts of this hotel reminded us of the Louvre! It's incredible, this hotel is one of the few budget hotels that have breakfast included and are also used to European habits.Travelling with my aunt is sometimes more difficult than travelling with a friend, since we'd like to share our room, but not our bed of course. Well, let's face it, after a long day of sightseeing, one would prefer to have his own bed. And that's what Wolcott is prepaired to offer. Yes it is old, yes the carpet has got some stains. But the sheets are clean and so is the bathroom. And, New York's common citizens, roaches, were nowhere to be seen.	
Feb 13 2005	A great 6-day stay in a great hotel	I stayed in hotel wolcott from 7th until 12th February 2005 and this was my best trip ever. The lobby is authentic, i loved it. Our room was very big, with a special room to hang up your clothes and with a safe in it. We had three windows in the room, a big tv and a very clean and comfortable bed. The service was excellent (our toilet floated once and a handy man solved it within 5 minuted and dried our floor) and the muffins + coffee &amp; tea in the morning tasted really good. I read on this site the the elevators were slow, but they weren't during my stay. Location: great! A 3 minute walk to the Empire State Building and Macy's, Times Square is also not far away and there are many shops, supermarkets and internetcafés within 5 min. walking. A subwaystation with 2 connecting lines is just around the corner. I don't think that I could have a better hotel for this prize, everything turned out really good, and above my expectations. The lobby was by the way very crowded many days because English and Irish schools were in the hotel with their classes, but they didn't cause any trouble. Neither did the Japanese tourists. I truly recommend this hotel to anybody staying in New York. 	
Jan 21 2005	Disappointing	Went to NYC for Birthday.The hotel is in a great location....and the free muffins and coffee was much appreciated!But apart from that, it was pretty poor.I agree with other reviewers, the reception desk service was poor.Our room was big, but cold, which in January is a problem! The bathroom was tiny, and impractical.I went with a group of 5 and none of us liked it, and would never stay there again.	
Jan 19 2005	Not Too Bad...	Stayed here in June 2004 for four nights and I have to be honest in saying it wasn't too bad. Yes the lifts are slow, and I do think that the reception Staff could be a little friendlier but on the whole and for the price it was a pretty good Hotel! The Location is superb and the room was clean and tidy. I certain would stay at this Hotel again, you could do a lot worse!!	
Jan 18 2005	not great	Just stayed at the Wolcott from 1/14/05-1/17/05 and was not happy. The first room we were offered had no glass on part of the window. This window had cardboard taped over the opening! We quickly got another room which smelled of smoke. If you plan on staying here because it is inexpensive and a great location be prepared to change rooms. Also the bath tub was not cleaned and had hair from a previous guest in it. Furthermore, the twin beds were rather stiff to sleep on. The hotel was recomended by a friend and I was very disapointed.	
Jan 14 2005	OK budget hotel.	We stayed at Wolcott for two nights in november 2004 and found the hotel old but clean, not superclean but OK. It´s simple, yes, but if you want to save money and have a great location when staying in New York, Wolcott is just fine. For europeans the hotel might be simple and not like a 2 star hotel overseas but remember this is New York! Empire state building is 2 min. walk away and Times square 10 min. away, great location!Staff was friendly, elevators slow ( but who cares! ), nice with free muffins and coffee/tea in the morning. I am a travelagent in Sweden so I saw a few more budgethotels while in NY and Wolcott was one of the better once. So, If you don´t expect a first class or even middle class hotel, this hotel is just fine for a few nights.	
Jan 4 2005	Absolutely Great!	We visited during the New Year holiday -- had an excellent time! great location... clean accommodations, the service was great... nice coffee &amp; muffins in the morning... I was apprehensive after reading prior reviews of the cleanliness, but it was very clean. The location was excellent for walking and close to subways. It was not the Trump Towers, but I saved alot of money!!! You cannot expect a 100 yr old hotel to have all the ammenities of a new hotel -- slow elevators and water temperature changes give the hotel lots of character!! Worth your money...	
Jan 3 2005	Great Budget Hotel	Thought this was a convienient hotel and to say its a budget hotel i thought it was great. Great location, could just look out the window and you had to crank your neck up to see the Empire states building because its so close. Lots of different food places nearby (more fast food sorts but not a far walk to more decent restaurants). Would happily go there again and even though we weren't in our rooms much (far too much to see) there was plenty of decent tv channels on a large tv to channel hop through to keep us entertained when we took a break from all the walking. Subway is close for all you lazy people out there and all the main attractions are within walking distance. Only slight critisism is that the building work across the road starts early at 7.30am which was annoyin the first morning but didn't bother us the next 2 mornings 'cos we were up that early to get in enough sight seeing!!	
Dec 16 2004	hotel wolcott	great location being mid Manhatten but a bit noisey with building going on around. An old well loved hotel, clean and comfortable and for this you excused such things as leaky bath taps and slow lifts. Extra bonus of muffins and hot drink in the morning so you could be on your way exploring this amazing city with something in the tum.	
Dec 7 2004	Perfect Location	The hotel is perfectly located for shopping and sightseeing. It is 2 blocks away from the Empire State Building, around the corner from 5th Avenue and less than 5 minutes walk from Macy's. If you don't mind walking Times Square is a few minutes away also and for the lazier people the sub-way is only a short distance. Only faults that I could have with the hotel is the muffins do get a bit boring after a few mornings and the lift is snail pace.....otherwise great!	
Nov 21 2004	Minging	Hi, Rather a late review as we stayed at the Wolcott in April 2004 but having browsed other reviews this evening, I felt compelled to join in. We were on a school trip so stayed there for budget reasons but I have to say that it was MINGING!!!! Musty, dirty rooms (I would love to know how other reviews describe it as clean). I was afraid to take anything out of the case incase it got contaminated with the mustiness. Felt I needed a shower when I'd walked barefooted on the carpet (wish I'd taken slippers). I wasn't expecting anything grand but this is the first holiday abroad in 30 years where I've actually been glad to check out of the hotel. I wouldn't stay there again if you payed me!!!	
Nov 17 2004	Great budget hotel!	Excellent hotel, located only two blocks(about 200 meters) from Empire State Building. I stayed there in late September 2004 with my wife and we really enjoyed it. We stayed for 10 nights. Hotel staff was very helpful and plesant. Only problems are the elevators, that are really slow and hot. But they take you to your floor anyway.Rooms are pretty small, but cleaned everyday(leave the &quot;clean my room now&quot;-tag on the door) while you go and try to find breakfast(or eat the complimentary blueberry or chocolate muffin at the lobby, but you´ll get bored with them in few days). There is a Subway-fastfood place across the street and also Donkin Donuts, we you can buy bagels and donuts. It´s hard to find continental breakfast in New York, if you don´t like muffins and bagels too much.The hotel shop is extremely expensive, don´t go shopping there, go across 5th Avenue and find something cheaper there. So all in all, great hotel in great place for shopers and others. Best $100+ hotel in New York.	
Nov 15 2004	reasonable price but below average	I arrived at the Wolcott on a miserable rainy day at 1 PM. The rather slow man at the reception desk told me that he had no record of my reservation, which had been made well in advance. Even when I showed him my voucher with the date clearly indicated he remained unconvinced, until discovering that I was listed with the correct day but the wrong month. It took over a half hour for the computer to accept me, but afterwards I was given a room key immediately.The two elevators have incredibly small doors, but are more spacious inside, and travel amazingly slowly. The room was tiny, but as to be expected for a low-price Manhattan hotel. The radiator made hammering noises at night. Complimentary breakfast turned out to be a thermos of luke-warn coffee and assorted (actually quite good) muffins.	
Nov 3 2004	Great value great location	Very clean, good location, good value. Although when I checked the hotel website, it seems that prices are rising. Located at 32nd &amp; 5th, 5th Avenue shopping starts about 5 blocks up, the 34th Street metro stop is 2 blocks away...cant go wrong with this hotel at under $150 a night.	
Nov 1 2004	Cannot Fault it	We stayed for a week and for what we paid we got a bargain. Our room was very very spacious and very clean, a big comfy bed and even a view of the Empire State Building from our window. Okay the lifts were slow but it wasn't the end of the world. Even got a safe in our room which is much better than having to go into the lobby. Staff were friendly enough. Superb location with numerous subway stations located nearby including Penn Station. Also about a 5 to 10 minute walk from Times Square. Would most certainly stay again.	
Oct 30 2004	Excellent Location Standard Accommodation overall good trip	We weren't expecting much from the hotel, but we got what we paid for. It was clean and just standard, which is all we were looking for when we went to New York! Who wants to stay in the hotel the whole time?!! It was clean and the rooms were big, which was good for a group of girls! The staff weren't as friendly as I had been expecting. You hear all these stories about the excellent service you receive in the States, and on first impressions, I was slightly disapointed, but they managed to redeem themselves by the end of our trip as they were extremely helpful to my friend who had her purse stolen on the street! (typical!!) The lifts are in bad condition so we ended up taking the stairs.....to the 11th floor!! But all in all, had a great visit to the Wolcott and have since recommended to friends who have also enjoyed the saty.	
Oct 25 2004	okay for $99.00	stayed there for two years in a row we always had clean sheets and towels was great for the price,elevators are slow staff not too friendly,but close to everything but not worth staying for $140.00-$160.00 per night,there are better ones for that price	
Oct 22 2004	Worst Hotel in the world	I've been to NYC many times before and I never had an experiance like this. The hotel was terrible...it is worst then a hostal. I did not take my shoes off once....I even considered taking a shower with them on....the floors were gross the hotel smelled awful. The staff were very rude. There was hair in the bed....and was scared to sleep with the lights off. This was the worst experiance of my life. I will never stay at this hotel again. I do not recommend this hotel.	
Oct 17 2004	Couldn't fault it!	We stayed here for a week whilst in New York at the beginning of October '04, and there was nothing that we could find fault with. Okay, the spacious rooms are fairly basic, but if you only want somewhere to get some much needed rest at night, then it's spot on. Rooms were cleaned every day without fail, and we were given fresh towels daily. We couldn't get over how fantastic the location was, with the hotel literally being only 2 minutes away from the Empire State. The only slight gripe we had was that the elevators in the hotel were a little slow, and we were thankful that we were only on the third floor! All in all though, we would stay here again for sure, and recommend this no-frills accommodation to anyone looking for somehere to stay in NYC!	
Oct 15 2004	Absolutely Loved It	I just returned from a five day whirlwind trip of New York and the Hotel Wolcott was one of the best things about it. Some reviews made me nervous, but I tried to keep in mind that opinions are based on personality and everyone's is different. In my opinion, the Wolcott was everything I had hoped it would be. The elevators were slow but I was in no hurry and taking the service elevator when one of them was temporarily disabled made the NY experience that much richer. The room was really clean, wonderfully decorated and surprisingly spacious. There were three of us and the third bed was in a separate partition with another TV. There was no view to speak of out the window, but a really interesting look at 'behind the scenes' NY, looking onto someone's rooftop garden and a quagmire of fire escapes (loved it). The shower and all waterworks were just fine. The (large) TVs, for the two mintues we may have had them on (really, who has time to watch TV?), were in good working order. The in-room safe worked like a charm. The staff were pleasant and there were a lot of interesting (mostly European) people staying there. The location was superb. The street the Walcott is on is short and at the moment there is a lot of construction going on. Not really a problem, it will be that much nicer when it is all finished.I have stayed in many bargain hotels, including in London and Paris and I look for a hotel that 'fits' the city and makes you feel that you are part of what the city is all about. The Hotel Wolcott did just that.	
Oct 8 2004	Very good hotel!	The Wolcott hotel is a good hotel! The location is perfect, near 5th Avenue, 2 minutes walking to the Empire State Building and 10 minutes walking ro Times Square. The rooms have quality, with comfortable beds and a big TV. The bathroom is big ans clean. I recomend this hotel for everybody who wants to visit N.Y.C	
Sep 26 2004	good value for money	i stayed here in june and thought the hotel is in a good location. yes it could do with a bit of redecorating but the rooms were fine and very clean. the staff were very helpfull. we changed room for a bigger one and there was no problem we just asked.	
Sep 9 2004	Yuck.	In a word...AWFUL. I was booked there by my company and found out too late to change. At 100-years old, the hotel is really showing its age. The lobby is small and very dated looking. The elevators are tiny and SLOW. Getting an elevator takes several minutes...then several more minutes to get to the floor of your choice. There are some disgusting odors in the hallways...the carpets look like they haven't been cleaned in a decade. The walls need more than just a little sprucing up. The rooms have no amenities beyond a color tv. No outlets in the bathroom. The window a/c unit rattles at night disrupting any attempt to sleep. The location is on a dark and uninviting side street. Also, no restaurant or bar which means no room service.I will NEVER stay there again and would never recommend it to anyone. Trust me, spend a few extra bucks for a nice hotel.	
Jun 9 2004	Good bargain	This hotel is located between fifth avenue (a stone's throw from Empire State Building) and Broadway. It's a 10 minute walk to Times Square. The location of this hotel really can't be beaten.We stayed here for four nights in September 2003 and the room was perfect for what we wanted: a place to sleep and wash - the rest of the day we would be exploring the city. We would definitely recommend this hotel and if we return to NYC, we will certainly stay here as it's cheap, basic but clean.	
Apr 26 2004	Have stayed twice	I have stayed in the wolcott for 5 days during September '02 and returned in '03, I find this hotel ideal, staff are great they completely helped us out when we had lost credit cards and arrived from mexico at 2am after only 3 hours notice of a call form philly, as we had stayed before there was no problem and we were lucky enough to get a room.Its in an amazing location we walked everywhere, free coffee and muffins every morning nice touch and we always found the staff to be as helpful and friendly and accommodating as ever, even stumbling in late at night, the lifts are old, but the rooms themselves are tidy comfortable and have all the amenities and information you will need for your stay, all in all for the price the wolcott is great, if you are looking for modern posh hotel pay the $300 and get it if your looking for an average safe comfortable place to stay with reasonable prices this is it, its no palace but its safe and i wouldnt hesitate to recommend it, good job wolcott might see you '04	
Apr 25 2004	Wolcott is what it is... Great Value with an even better location...	As the website clearly states... &quot;The 2nd best budget hotel in the US, next to someplace in Hawaii...&quot; I would have to agreee... For my first trip to the city that never sleeps, I don't think I could have painted a prettier picture for my hotel experience. Literally... The Wolcott screams old world charm from the moment you see the awning from the corner of 5th Ave and E 31st street. As your head moves towards the clouds you notice the detail on the exterior, but that is only a teaser... Once you enter the double volume space your eye has a hard time on what to focus on first. From floor to ceiling the lobby interior is filled with more decorative trim &amp; moulding, faux finishing and mirror than you can possibly imagine... We celebrated her 100th anniversary so of course the elevators were a little slow and quarky, the hallways were a bit musty, the window units weren't top of the line and no comment on the poltrageist inside the TV... However, the rooms were very clean, beds nice and firm, water pressure and temp were great, maid service was respectful of your privacy and actually read the sign on your door knob, ice machine worked and other than the soda machine not taking bills there was nothing to complain about... The staff was OK, not exactly trying to be your long lost buddy, but wasn't rude or difficult either... Sort of just there so to speak... I would highly recomend the Wolcott to anyone looking to stay in Midtown Manhattan on a budget...	
Apr 20 2004	It was OK no big complaints...	I just got back from a weekend trip to NYC and stayed at the Wolcott. After reading some of these reviews, I thought the place would be a nightmare. But it was fine. There are absolutely no luxuries here - but my room was clean, the bathroom was spotless, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. I never spend that much time in my hotel room whenever I come to NY, and if you're the same - then this hotel really is OK for what you pay for it. Watch out for the water though! The temperature changes on you - sometimes it'll either scald you or freeze you. The elevators are extremely slow. But it was OK. Would I stay here again? Probably not - I do like a bit of pampering at a hotel. But - this was a last-minute trip, I saved a ton of money by choosing the Wolcott, it was clean, and not bad at all. No major reason to advise anyone to avoid it - in my experience.	
Apr 13 2004	Pleasantly Surprised	After reading the other reviews I booked at the Hotel Wolcott with some trepidation. I was pleasantly surprised.This is a typical tourist class hotel. The room was clean, if a bit weird in the layout, and reasonably attractive (the lobby is spectacular in a pre-depression, over-the-top kind of way). The beds and pillows were comfortable. The staff pleasant and helpful. In spite of other reviews, we had no problems with the water pressure during our 4 night stay.The location is very convenient for all subways and made getting around a snap. Yes, the elevators are small and slow, but that isn't high on my priority list. I do agree that if you are sensitive to cigarette smoke, you might want to pass on this one. Smoking is permitted in rooms and hallways on most floors.In my experience, you'll have to pay a lot more to get much better than this in Manhattan.	
Feb 19 2004	What that smell??	Arrived in NY for the first time 6/2/04 for four nights and was looking forward to a great stay. I can say that NY was fantastic , but it's a same i can't say the same about the hotel Wolcott. Our room was on floor 8 and as soon as you managed to cram into the tiny lift and slowly make your way up (half an hour later), the doors open on to the most horrendous smell, so bad that it made you heave. Our room was so small and dingy, no natural light and the water pressure in the shower swung from freezing cold to scorching hot, the heating systems (i think) kept you awake half of the time and the heat in the room was unbearable, to say that we sleep with the window open and no radiators on!!! TThe hotel did provide clean bed linen and the towels were alway changed, which was a bonus. When the Tv didn't work we contact the reception desk to be greeted with very unpleasant staff, maybe the Wolcott could be given some training on customer service skills, this wouldn't go a miss.All in all the Wolcott is a very cheap and cheerful hotel and as long as you ensure you are absolutely knackered and all you want is sleep then you could just about cope with this hotel. PS take a peg for your noise just incase your on floor eight!!!	
Jan 26 2004	Great location fare deal	My wife and me spent a few nights in the hotel (1/15/2004 - 1/20/2004) Pro's: Great location, quite, coffee, tea and muffines, clean warm room, good bad and new bathroom. Con's: Slow elevator, front desk stuff, toilet water runs slowwww after you flush it and yes, you have to be paitient with the water in the bath. Bottom line: it's a good bargain. P.S. - DON'T miss the Minado res. on 32nd!!!	
Jan 23 2004	Great Location for the Price	Hotel is well priced and offers a great location for manhattan. Rooms need a bit of updating but found the facilities to be reasonably good. Nice complimentary coffee and muffins in the morning. Lifts are very poor and the staff were reasonably friendly and helpful.	
Jan 8 2004	New York Vacation	The Hotel Wolcott was very pleasant, the room was reasonable and very clean. We enjoyed our stay there and will go back. 	
Jan 7 2004	Great bargain no complaints	I really don´t know what the fuss is all about! We stayed in the Wolcott from 29. 12. to the 03. 01., over New Yers Eve and had a room in the 12th floor. I´m a nonsmoker and can´t stand old smoke at all, but our room was perfectly alright, clean and not too small. I can imagine that rooms to the other side facing the building site must be very loud, but ours was absolutely fine. We were also facing a little problem with the water, but hey, its not the Waldorf Astoria, and with a little patience and turning the knobs carefully, we were able to get a pleasant temperature. We were missing some water twice, but only after a few minutes it was back. And at the end of the day we were on holiday and not on the run, so it was no prob at all to wait that little extra time! Overall I can say the hotel is great value for money, we were never waiting more than a few minutes for the lift, the staff at the front desk was helpful and our room always clean. It´s always different what people expect but hey, relax, it´s New York, buildings can be a bit older, and if you want a predictable hotel book the Holiday Inn witch is just round the corner!	
Dec 31 2003	Never Again....	New York was wonderful, the Wolcott was not. A nap for the weary traveler. Forget it. Construction next door obviously goes on late into the evening and seven days a week. Watch TV. The cable was out.The rooms were either stifling hot or freezing cold. We had to leave our windows open to tolerate the heat which meant the construction noise was more prominent. Shower? We initially thought our showerhead hot or cold temp was reversed until realizing irregardless of the temp you set at any moment you could be blasted with ice cold or extremely hot water. Nor did the tub drain while you showered. The halls and our accomodations reeked with smoke. Upon asking for a non-smoking room I was told one would be available the next day. If it was I was never notified. I asked for rate reduction. Only the manager, who would not be in until Monday could approve. I asked they contact me. Did they? NO! After two unsuccessful attempts to call out I asked the front desk personnel for assistance. They told me to find a pay phone and the hotel charges for attempts to callout would be removed from my bill. At checkout I was confronted with these charges and a different staff member was just as rude as the others. And the note that not changing the sheets daily saved the enviroment. Who are they kidding! The Wolcott only cares about their pocketbook.	
Dec 18 2003	In a word: ghastly!	Where does one begin with the litany of horrors that is the Hotel Wolcott? My partner and I just spent a week there (December 9-16, 2003) and, from the moment we arrived and faced the perpetually grumpy frontdesk staff, we feared we'd made an awful mistake. Things just got rapidly worse: our first room, which was billed as a suite @ $150 p.n., was dank and musty and, being on the rear of the 2nd floor, its sole external window faced a bank of airconditioner units that allowed no natural light into the room. After complaining and asking to be moved, we were placed &quot;on a waiting list&quot; and were eventually shifted the next day to a suite on the 12th floor. This one had more light but was nauseatingly thick with the smell of stale cigarette smoke. When we complained about this, we were informed that the hotel only had non-smoking rooms on the bottom two floors so we effectively had a choice of either sleeping in the darkened cave we were first offered or the ashtray on the 12th floor. We bought some room deodorant and opted for the latter. Mind you, the nightmare wasn't over by a long shot: we soon discovered that the upper floors have a chronic problem with water pressure. When showering, the water would fluctuate without warning from freezing cold to scalding hot and, on several occasions, we were left without water entirely for periods of several minutes. Add to this a mouldy shower-curtain (which was not surprising as the bathrooms have no form of ventilation); a heating system with only two settings: blazingly hot or off; a hotel elevator that takes forever and that was too small to accommodate all our luggage in a single trip...and well, you get the picture. We have travelled to NYC several times and have stayed in hotels of varying quality but this one was without a doubt the worst of our experience. Indeed, we've stayed in better hotels while travelling in so-called &quot;third world&quot; locations. There are plenty of other budget hotels in NY such as the Milford Plaza that provide much better value for money, so give the Wolcott a wide berth...	
Dec 17 2003	Nasty...	Cheap, yes, but in hindsight I'd rather saved up and paid a bit extra, as I believe for only a little more money we could have got a much better hotel. The location was great, but the rooms were so nasty; small, airless, dingy, just so unpleasant. And yes, I know when you go to NYC you're there for the city and just need a place to sleep, but still, it was frankly depressing to come back to this place every night. Added to that unfriendly staff and the slowest lift in the world and all in all not a good place. Avoid at all costs and look elsewhere.	
Dec 15 2003	you get a little more than you pay for	was worried it would be a dud because of the price but was pleasantly surprised. Most of the front desk staff was super friendly, but some were rather surly. Did not like having to &quot;check in&quot; with the front desk each time we came in from being out and answer a &quot;skill-testing&quot; question ie.e what's your check out date, how many in your room(we were three), what's your room number. That felt rather rude. However, the jr. suite we stayed in was a nice size, had 2 TVs, plenty of towels. The bathroom was okay, a little dingy - could really use another light fixture. There was no view from the two windows except looking into other people's rooms, if you enjoy that sort of thing not us). Worst part of the room was how noisy the radiator was. unbelievable! it was like STOMP, Riverdance and Huck Finn all doin' their thing at the same time. But for the price....	
Dec 7 2003	Great Value!		
Dec 2 2003	Decent budget hotel		
Nov 28 2003	Great Stay		
Nov 18 2003	It was OK...		
Oct 9 2003	Would visit again!		
Sep 26 2003	Stepping back in time		
Sep 18 2003	Loved it		
Sep 3 2003	Nasty hotel		
Jul 28 2003	Down and Out!		
Oct 23 2002	it's OK		
Nov 26 2009 	Soyez rassurés ! Nous avons été comblés !		
Nov 20 2009 	Très bon emplacement		
Nov 18 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualita' prezzo		
Nov 15 2009 	????????????		
Nov 10 2009 	buen hotel relacion calidad precio		
Nov 8 2009 	Optimal für Sightseeing		
Oct 28 2009 	Económico y bien situado		
Oct 27 2009 	Non eccezionale ma ok...		
Oct 22 2009 	ottimo qualita' prezzo posizione		
Oct 20 2009 	posizione strategica!!		
Sep 15 2009 	Sencillo pero limpio y situacion inmejorable		
Aug 25 2009 	Een ruime voldoende!		
Aug 22 2009 	Super Lage- gerne wieder!		
Aug 20 2009 	perfetto ed economico		
Aug 15 2009 	central et pas cher		
Aug 12 2009 	Non male		
Jul 29 2009 	Correcto. Bien situado.		
Jul 9 2009 	veramente carino		
Jun 23 2009 	Gerne wieder		
May 9 2009 	stanze spaziose bagno pulito personale un pò scostante		
May 8 2009 	Fantastica posizione		
May 5 2009 	Un hotel económico muy bien situado		
Apr 3 2009 	Pasable		
Mar 12 2009 	?????????????		
Feb 19 2009 	repetiría sin dudarlo!		
Feb 17 2009 	Al centro della grande mela...		
Jan 30 2009 	??????????		
Jan 21 2009	Buona posizione elegante accessibile		
Nov 15 2008 	Reichlich düster		
Oct 31 2008 	???????		
Jul 6 2008 	Top Lage große Zimmer kleiner Preis		
May 17 2008 	tres bon hotel		
Apr 29 2008 	excelente relacion pre cio-calidad-situacion		
Mar 28 2008 	Guter Deal		
Dec 30 2007 	Absolut zu empfehlen ! Jederzeit wieder - Der top Tipp !!!		
Dec 11 2007 	Economico e Centrale		
Oct 17 2007 	Bien situado		
Jun 18 2007 	Sehr nettes Hotel		
