	Perfect location in the heart of Manhattan luxurious room and exceptional staff!!!	My stay at the Hotel Mela was a wonderful experience. This is a boutique hotel where the staff and the ambiance makes you immediately feel at home. The lobby is small but very comfortable. The accommodations were spacious and comfortable, and the bedding luxurious. The location was great, just a block from the walking mall and any nightlife you would be interested in. I look forward to my return to NYC and will not hesitate to stay at Hotel Mela again!!	
	Chic Oasis in a Central Location	I stayed at Hotel Mela during Thanksgiving week, while visiting friends in the city. Overall I found the hotel to be centrally located, with modern decor and friendly service.The hotel was centrally located, just a block from Times Square. The service in the lobby was friendly and professional, and the decor was chic.Arriving in my room, I found my Superior room to be quite small, but recently redecorated, with chic decor. Everything was clean and I found all the expected amenities (tv, closet, fridge, etc) - and I appreciated the free wifi. The bed was extremely comfortable.I would definitely stay here again.	
	Convenient	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Mela for 5 nights during the Thanksgiving Holidays. The lobby is small, but very trendy. Check-in was smooth, as were all dealings with the staff. The elevators up to our tenth floor room were quite slow. That is only a minor complaint. Our room was a good size for NYC. We stayed in an Executive King and were very pleased with the amenities. The shower and toiletries were great.The only real complaints that I have are the comfort of the bed. I am used to a pillow top mattress and I fould Hotel Mela's to be very firm. Also, the pillows were weak. My biggest complaint was the smell that came from the A/C unit. You know the urine smell that hits your nostrils the moment you step into the subway? Well, this was the smell that filled our room whenever we turned on the air. We would have slept with the window open, but our window was facing an air shaft full of trapped, stagnant, hot air. I do not think that this is typical of a room at Hotel Mela. It was unpleasant, but we think it was just some weird, fluke thing that happened during our stay. And let me add, the smell was faint to moderate, but present nevertheless.Overall, we had a great stay here. It is very conveniently located in the heart of all the action. The hotel is literally steps away from Times Square. We will probably not stay here again simply b/c we enjoy trying new hotels, but this is a good buy for the moderately priced traveler.	
	Fantastic!	What a great experience. First off I have to say that the staff at the Hotel Mela is the nicest and most helpful that I have ever encountered. They all go out of their way to make sure your stay is enjoyable. They upgraded us for free, gladly held our luggage, answered all questions and actually seemed happy to do so. I had read that the rooms were ridiculously small but ours definitely was not. Granted we had two twin beds but the room was comfortable. The decor is pretty and it was very clean. Yes, the bathroom is small and does not have a lot of counter space but there is a shelf under the sink that holds a great deal. Of course the location is fantastic! Half a block to the heart of Times Square ~ what more could you ask for.I would highly recommend the Hotel Mela and will definitely be staying there next time we go to NYC!!!!!!	
Nov 24 2009 	ladies group	just returned from an very enjoyable trip to n.y,staying at the mela.what a gem,wonderful location,very helpful staff,rooms though on the small side were immaculate,very stylish,with lovely bathrooms.the restaurant was reached by coming out of the hotel and walking next doors!??connecting door is needed!nevertheless the staff more than made up for this,with excellant breakfast choices.big thank you too to the lady concierge who managed to get us wonderful show seats.	
Nov 18 2009 	Some good some bad	We have just returned from a stay in this hotel. Our arrival was a bit over shadowed with a long wait for our room (more than three hours!). As other people were checking in that had only just arrived I found it difficult to understand why we were not able to check into a room a bit sooner. We booked through Last Minute and had a superior queen room on our booking form. Apparently having the word queen in the name bare's no relevance to the size of the bed which I thought was deceiving. The room we were given had no hot water and was so small that I couldn't actually place either of our suitcases anywhere but on the bed. That really is not an exaggeration!! So fortunately due to the hot water problem we were given another bigger room. I didn't get a single apology for the hot water problem or the wait and my husband was told specifically that the room we were moved to should have been an extra £60 per night. The fact of the matter was the hot water was not working in the first room which was not our fault so I am not sure why pointing this out was appropriate!! Overall I found the service to be a bit unfriendly and unhelpful, we asked a couple of questions during our stay at reception and were made to feel like it was an inconvenience to have asked. That's the negatives over with!The location of the hotel is excellent, the fixtures and fittings in the room were very nice.When we went to leave which was at 5pm we were advised by the hotel that cabs were very hard to come by at this time as drivers would rather stay local than trek out to the airport in rush hour. They arranged a car for us that cost no more than the cab that we picked up from the airport. We were very grateful for this and I have to say gave us a different impression to what we had experienced during our stay. All hotels have their ups and downs in service, I wouldn't choose to stay there again but only really because we would always prefer to stay in different places to experience new things. If I did book here again I would be calling before hand to ask about the room size, I do think not being able to put a suitcase on the floor in a room is a little ridiculous!!	
Nov 16 2009	Very nice hotel with a great location to Time Square	Very nice hotel. The staff was very helpful. The rooms where small but on adverage for a room in New York and bigger then what I've seen in Rome. The bed was one of the most comfortable beds I've had in a long time. The only draw back was with a small room you could hear people in the hall way at night. The location was great for me. only one block from Time Square and 5 blocks from 30 Rock and 5ave. If you want to see shows and hang out near TS this is a very good option.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great little boutique hotel slap bang in the middle of New York	This hotel was a really nice little place with a boutique feel to it. The double room was quite small but very stylish with everything you needed - comfortable bed, walk-in shower, flat screen tv etc. The staff were really helpful and friendly. The location was outstanding just off Time Sq and Broadway. We didn't eat breakfast there, but went down the road a few yards to the deli and had some great food cooked up in front of us. I got the room on priceline and paid about £120 with all taxes which is more than I would usually pay for a hotel room but pretty good by New York standards. It was a final night with a nice hotel and would be more than happy to stay there again if the opportunity arises.	
Nov 9 2009 	Very happy with our stay at the Hotel Mela	This hotel was in a fantastic location! Right near Times Square, only a short walk to the subway and Bryant Park. We had an executive room which put us in a room on the 11th floor right next to the elevator. The room was long and narrow, with the bed and the TV as far apart as possible, but otherwise, the room was a good size, the bathroom was clean and the elevator was barely audible. The staff is friendly and helpful, and the free wi-fi was a nice treat. We would definitely stay here again on our next trip, or when I'm in the city for business.	
Oct 30 2009 	Very tiny but cozy rooms.quiet enough	Very reasonable priced rooms at a great location. Off broadway for a few mins walk, surrounded by restaurants and cafe. Very accessible to atms, 24/7 drug store, offices and late night good kebab stalls! If ur looking for rooms like hotel chains, this is not for you. But needing just a cozy bed, accessibility &amp; convenience, then you're at the right place! Staff are very friendly and attentive.Though I wouldn't use their computer/internet service near the gym as it's definitely a ripoff	
Oct 29 2009 	Great NYC Hotel	Just come back from four nights in the Big Apple, our first trip to NYC. Picked the Mela based on some good reviews on this website and as always it has not let us down.Arrived at 3pm after a good flight, our room was not ready which was slightly disappointing but was told it would be available in 1/2 hour. Returned to find we had been upgraded to a bigger room, which more than made up for it not being ready when we arrived.Hotel is in a great location, just a short stroll to Times Square and close to a number of subway stations. Room was plenty big enough, with good facilities, plenty of hanging and storage space for clothes and a good sized bathroom and walk-in shower. The staff were always friendly and willing to help, including booking a car for the return trip to the Airport. We were on the 11th floor and the only noise came from the air conditioning, an advantage of not being on one of the main avenues like some chain hotels.Plenty of places to eat and drink very close by, the breakfasts in the Red Flame Diner (on 44th street, just the other side of 6th Avenue) were excellent. Go to the Irish Bar &quot;The Perfect Pint&quot; on 45th street for a good atmosphere and a good choice of beers!Would quite happily come back and stay at the Mela again.	
Oct 23 2009 	Trendy Hotel	My first stay at a &quot;boutique' hotel. Hotel Mela was very nice, trendy- the way I like it when I am splurging. Located in the heart of Times Square, I was in walking distance of all Times Square attractions including then Virgin MegaStore, which was my favourite place in TS.Mela's front doormen were attentive, very friendly and all seemed very attractive in their signature black suit and wool overcoat in the winter. Rooms are small, but most are in NYC except at the big splurge hotels.Amenities were nice and everything in the lobby and the room looked very trendy.I would stay at Mela again if I want to stay again in Times Square.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Mela this past weekend for our wedding anniversary. I don't really have anything negative to say. If you want to be nit picky, the rooms are a little small. However, I didn't spend much time in the room. I was in NYC!! The bathroom was fine and plenty big enough to get ready in. The room was very clean and the bed very comfortable. They are doing construction out front so that can be noisy if you are in your room during the day. However, like stated earlier, I didn't spend too much time in my room. Starting from the beginning of our stay, everything was great. They have a 3pm check in time. We showed up around 10am (on a Saturday) just to drop off our bags and start sight seeing. Low and behold, our room was ready. They let us check in 5 hours early. Again - Yes the room is a little small but very, very clean. Most rooms in NYC are a little on the small side so this was to be expected. The location is great - about a block and a half away from Times Square. Its close enough that walking there takes about 5 minutes but just far enough away that you don't hear the noise. The staff is super friendly and very eager to assist in any way. The room rate was very reasonable - which was a big deciding factor. When we go back to NYC we will stay here again and I would recommend to other travelers.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Hotel - Great Location!!	Right off of Times Square - close to everything!!! Love the smell of apples in the Lobby - absolutely loved this	
Oct 14 2009 	Just yards from Times Square trendy boutique hotel.	Hotel Mela is a cool little boutique hotel right in the middle of it all. The location couldn't be better, literally right around the corner from where they film Good Morning America in Times Square. The hotel is nice, room was kind of small, but hey it's NYC so I think most rooms are small. But the hotel was clean, very comfortable beds, and great service. I'd definitely stay there again.	
Oct 12 2009 	Most Give Perfect Review + Usually It's Their 1 + Only Review - Integrity Of TripAdvisor is Being Compromised	I got suckered into staying at this hotel with rooms too small for circus midgets based on the &quot;reviews&quot; in TripAdvisor. It was only after I checked in that I realized how truly tiny the rooms are and wondered how this hotel receives three stars.Notice that virtually everyone gives them a 5 star - that's insane - not even the Four Seasons gets that many perfect scores.Do you understand what I am saying?	
Oct 9 2009 	In the middle of all the action	The hotel staff are exceptional. After a long morning of traveling from 5am to 1030am the staff checked us in early so that we could shower and feel human the rest of the day. Whenever we needed anything the staff made sure we were taken care of.The room was great and the bed was very comfy. We were initially concerned because we were right next to the elevator but there were no street sounds, elevator sounds or sounds of anyone not standing directly outside our door. The hotel's location is excellent, a hundred yards from times square and within walking distance of the theatres and 5th street. We reserved our room from Hotwire.com and were very pleased that they still gave us excellent service even though we were bargain travelers.	
Oct 8 2009 	A cozy but hi-tech space for a great mom-daughter weekend right in Times Square.	My 11-year-old and I stayed here for her first trip to NY city, and it was wonderful. Convenient to Central Park and carriage rides, shopping in Times Square, a deli with hot food, great restaurants for brunch, and convenient to Broadway (we caught Mary Poppins.) A bowl of fresh apples in the sophisticated lobby helped the hotel live up to its name, and a flat-screen TV in the room (which was tiny...the bed took up most of the space, but we were seldom there!) was a nice touch for watching the Kids Choice awards that evening, all tired out. The highlight of the trip for my daughter was Blue Man Group. (see photo).	
Sep 19 2009 	Great Location great hotel - need I say more??!!	We've just returned from our first trip to NYC and stayed at the Hotel Mela. The service was great, our room was a good size, even after we had seen reviews that some of the rooms were small. The hotel is just off Times Square, which is a great base for exploring all of the city with easy links to the subway. Would definitely recommend to anyone wanting a fab location for a city break.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great location and value!	We booked the room through priceline for 60% of the room's price. That was bonus #1. The room is very large for NY, clean, and feels cozy. The beds were cozy, there was a safe in the room, and the staff was very helpful. The only annoying part for me was the scented candles at the entrance - they make the main floor smell like a spa - great at first, then overpowering, and annoyng. Other than that, we loved the hotel. Also, location, location, location! Right next to Times Square, and 5 minute walk from all the sights.	
Sep 14 2009 	Loved the Hotel	I had a good time at the Hotel Mela. It's small and comfortable with nice amenities and an excellent staff. I especially wanted to thank Josh at the front desk. He was excellent and even gave me directions to an Italian restaurant. I had a great time and will definitely stay again because of him. Thank you, Josh!	
Sep 14 2009 	Perfect Location and Hotel	Hotel Mela was a perfect hotel for my 2nd visit and my husband’s 1st visit to the Big Apple. Our holiday was about doing the typical “Tourist Thing” so being a stone’s throw from everything ( Times Square especially) could not have been better. The hotel lobby is quite small but funky. We had an executive room (which we kindly got as an upgrade) which was perfect. The room was perfect, not huge but not to small either. However, I did see into a superior room one day and I would definitely find this too small for two people. So my advice is going for an executive room. We stayed in room 1007 which was a perfect location. No view ,faced a wall but wow was it quiet. No noise what so ever. The bed was soooooooooooo comfy. It really was a nice room to arrive back to everyday. It was also spotlessly clean .Only complaint was there was no bath which would have been nice to soak in after a 10 hour day at Woodbury common but got over that because everything else was great . It was my Husbands birthday while we were there and they sent up a complimentary cheese board to wish him a happy birthday which was a really nice touch. All the staff in the hotel were super, very very friendly but not false which I think you can find in a lot of hotels these days ! Never ate in the restaurant as with being so close to everything it was nice to try restaurants away from the hotel. We ate breakfast 3 times in the Red Flame which is on the same street (out of hotel and left), typical American diner with great French toast, pancakes and omelettes. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be close to the action but far enough away not to be bothered by it and to people who are not looking for a huge room. GREAT VALUE	
Sep 10 2009 	U.S.OPen	Went to New York to see the U.S. Open and decided to also see a litttle of New York while we were there. Hotel Mela was in the perfect location for both. Minutes from the subway and train. 7 train is a half hour ride to the Open or mets stadium. !/2 block from time square. In the heart of the theater district with many fine dining establishments close by. The hotel itself offer a bistro serving breakfast, lunch and dinner with discount to hotel guests. hotel is very clean and the staff is very pleasant. Consierge service is especially helpful for all your needs from shows to reservations. My wife and I had a wonderful experience.	
Sep 8 2009 	Excellent hotel in a prime location	Have just returned from 4 nights at the Hotel Mela - Wow what a fantastic hotel! Their impeccable service started about 8weeks ago when I discovered that Xcape With Us had gone bump with whom we had booked the Hotel Mela. In a slight panic I rang the hotel direct and Pamela in Reservations was fantastic - finding out what had happened, ringing me back when she said she would (a unique experience for me and travel related companies!) and finally rebooking us at a better price and with an upgrade to boot! This level of service plus the other reviews gave me really high hopes for the hotel - and we weren't disappointed. On arrival we had rose petals and a chilled bottle of wine in our room as it was our anniversary which was a lovely surprise. We had a Deluxe King on the 12th floor which was a good size. The bed was very comfy and whilst the bathroom was compact the shower was excellent - powerful and a consistent temperature. There was bath robe, free safe and lovely toiletries. We had a view across other buildings but hardly any noise from the streets or other rooms. The room was kept very clean and there was also a turn down service complete with choccies. All the staff were very courteous and helpful and it was good to see a free internet check in and boarding pass print service available.The location is perfect for a city break - a 2 minute walk into Times Square or 5 minutes across 6th Avenue to the Rockerfeller complex. We didn't eat at the restaurant next door which is affliated to the hotel as it seemed pricey although we did enjoy a drink in there. For breakfast we crossed 6th Avenue and went to The Red Flame - a typical breakfast diner - very popular with excellent and reasonably priced food.We would also recommend doing the Top of the Rock observation deck at sunset as the light is fantastic, the Gray Line open top tour buses for really thorough tours of downtown and uptown, Staten Island ferry (its free and has great views of the skyline and the Statue of Liberty) and the Visitor Centre at the World Trade Centre (a remarkable and moving tribute).	
Sep 7 2009 	Great location for a above average hotel	We stayed at Hotel Mela for 2 nights. The room was small but effective. For a place to take a shower and sleep its fine. We asked a higher floor with a view on the streets and hotel Mela came through. The personnel was always courteous and helpful. And the cleanness of the room and washroom was without a doubt perfect. The only negative thing was the noise from a construction site next door on the friday when we arrived. But for the week end they're was no activity on the site. Besides that, we were very pleased with Hotel Mela and its location( near the theather district) and intend on returning the next time we go to N.Y.	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellence came standard	I cannot state enough about the hotel and the staff...esp. Pamela in the reservations groups and Tirone the concierge knocked my wife and daughter off of their feet and it went great from there. I cannot give enough priase on this group of people their courtesy and professionalism exceeded all of my hopes. The time that The Hotel Mela staff took to make my family feel welcome made the entire trip an unforgettable event.	
Aug 29 2009 	Fantastic Service	This was my second stay at Hotel Mela. The staff was fantastic as usual. An automatic free upgrade to an Executive Room - Very nice and large enough to do YOGA!! Good ize room for NYC. I will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 29 2009 	A great little hotel in Times Square.	What a pleasant surprise this hotel was. The exterior and lobby are a bit underwhelming. Check-in was fine. Having read that rooms here tended to run small, I inquired about a larger room. For $50 I was offered an executive room with almost twice as much space. I took them up on it. Well worth it. The room was perfectly spacious, with a king bed and nice sized bathroom. The finishes in the room were lovely. Nice soothing blues, marble bath, excellent bed. Everything was very clean. The TV was a bit tiny, and the view was nonexistent. For what I paid for the room, I was extremely happy.	
Aug 26 2009 	Super hotel	We recently had the pleasure of staying at Hotel Mela for 10 nights which was a package we booked with Virgin Holidays UK. Upon arrival we were upgraded from a superior room to a deluxe room (Great start to any holiday) The room was immaculate, clean and very comfortable with plenty of storage space. During our stay every member of staff was very attentive, friendly and extremely helpful.If you are looking for a small, clean immaculate hotel with a great location, we would definitely recommend this hotel. If we have the opportunity to return to New York we would stay at this great hotel again.	
Aug 20 2009 	Perfect locationgreat French restaurant next door immaculate rooms...	I booked a room recently through Hotwire and this was the room I got. I was upset at the fact that the hotel was charging LESS than the Great hotwire rate, but that was the chance I took when I blindly booked a 4-star hotel in Times Square.However, I highly recommend the hotel, perfect location,great French restaurant next door, immaculate room, very small with a view of a brick wall, but hey, how much time do you really spend in your room in NYC? Paid for an upgrade to a king size room, yes,small but comfortable. I do not recommend using hotwire for anything but the hotel you want as we would have gotten a room with 2 twin beds or a double bed. We paid $50 a night for the upgrade, which wound up costing us $255 instead of the $190 they were asking directly through the hotel, but I would return. Only i would book directly with the hotel. Friendly staff.	
Aug 20 2009 	The ultimate in relaxation and comfort.	We had a wonderful trip to NYCThe Hotel Mela is a home away from home in comfort, cleanliness, and overall accomodations.The staff cater to you to ensure all of your needs are met. Tirone, the concierge, was wonderful. He helped us plan our trip from start to finish and made it so much more enjoyable. No stone was left unturned. Everyone is so friendly and accomodating.	
Aug 19 2009 	Good Midtown Location	I arrived on a Saturday morning after a red eye flight, very tired at 630a. I stopped at the hotel to drop off luggage and see how early I could check in. They said &quot;how about now?&quot; Wow. A few minutes later I went into a very clean and almost luxurious room and plopped down on the king sized bed for a nap. The staff was wonderful and friendly through the whole 4 day stay. The room was small (NYC) but nice other then my particular room did had only windows on a sort of atrium which did not allow a lot of natural light. The location is just steps from Times Square and a few blocks from 5th Avenue. Pretty good. My rate was very good for NYC. I'd definitely stay again.	
Aug 17 2009 	Amazing!	Location is great, right in center city, easy access to everything. Rooms were very clean, and attractive although small, was still very comfortable. Quiet room and the staff was very attentive, helpful and friendly. I'd highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 14 2009 	in the middle of it all	When I first walked into the room, it was very clean and nice. But it reeked of cigarette smoke. So we requested a new room. To my knowledge the staff gave us no problem when we requested it.Once we got in the new room, the bed was very comfortable and they have 6 small pillows which were a little too small for me. The downside would have to be that I saw 3 hookers outside the hotel smoking cigarettes and frequently going back into the hotel. My friend told the hotel staff that it looked like some shady business was going on and the guy just shook his head and gave an &quot;oh well&quot; face. So that's the only reason I wouldn't recommend this hotel.	
Aug 12 2009 	Very good	I went to hotel Mela for 5 days, from July 27th to July 31st, with my mom, my sister and my sister-in-law. My brother, who lives in Brooklyn, booked us 2 rooms at a very good price for a hotel that close to Times Square. The room was very nice, the bed very confortable, with pillows stuffed with feathers. It was very clean. The bathroom was very clean also. There is a small refrigerator in the room, and the tv is big with a flat screen. The A/C was working very well.The elevators are very small though.... so when we arrived we had go in 2 elevators even though we only had one bag each. The front staff was very nice. One night, my mom had some problems with the A/C and no more than 5 minutes after her call to the front desk, somebody was in her room. We had no breakfast included, but we had no problem with that. We loved that this hotel is so close to Times Square and near a metro station. The view from our room's window was an luxurious apartment, but what view do you expect other than buildings when you are in Manhattan :P Anyway, we were in our room only to sleep...The only thing that we tought was a bit cheap from this hotel is that they offer us a drinks in the and things to eat, but we had to pay for it, and the prices were very high. Anyway, I really liked my stay at this hotel and recommend it to people who want a room close to Times Square.	
Aug 10 2009 	Mela Hotel - 44th street	Nice, clean room. Excelent shower. Nothing extraordinary in relation to other business hotels.Elevators are very slow and disregard the &quot;close doors&quot; button. The wait is a bit annoying.Staff requires 10$ deposit (on the room, no cash needed) for an umbrella... a bit of a delay if you're on hurry and the desk is busy with another client. I rather have the umbrella waiting for me in the room like another hotel I stayed at.The free LAN and WiFi are great.	
Aug 9 2009 	Nice hotel - excellent location friendly staff small rooms	Very friendly and helpful staff. The rooms are very small, but you get all you need. There is no view of anything except the other building across the street. Being a breakfast addict I was disappointed by the lack of a breakfast buffet and the fact that you can't have breakfast before 7.00 am. Eating a la carte for breakfast takes to long and gets you too little food in my opinion.	
Aug 8 2009 	Tiny rooms terrible bathroom terrible view	This was pitched to me as a 4 star hotel...which it simply is not. The rooms are incredibly small, bordering on Lilliputian. You simply can't be in your room with your luggage at the same time; I ended putting my luggage and my wife's on the floor and then leaped over it to the enter bathroom. The view to a crackly wall was edging on the depressing, borderline suicidal.The lobby was tiny and of very poor taste. My daughter stayed at the Sheraton and paid $30 less than I did for a magnificent room.	
Aug 7 2009 	walk on by	I got this hotel from hotwire. It was rated a 4 star which I completely disagree with. It is described as a boutique hotel so expect very tiny rooms. We had a room with a queen bed and you have a foot basically to walk around the bed. The mattress is not of a 4 star quality. Very hard. The thermostat in the room was not working properly. When set at 72 it felt like 60 and we had to keep changing the temp. We couldn't find the room light switch since it was hidden behind the tv- so you better know where it is before it is nite. Absolutely no where to put your luggage so travel very light. The bathroom is small but very clean -one person at a time. I had a problem with this hotel since I left some articles behind.I have called and left numerous messages to the manager and the housekeeping manager and am still waiting for a call back after a week. So obviously if you have any problem concerning this hotel forget it cause you'll never hear from them!	
Jul 29 2009 	TERRIFIC	Everything about this hotel was wonderful...I can't add anything else...it's central to many attractions, within walking distance of Bryant Park, Public Library, shopping, etc. 1/2 block from Times Square and theaters...restaurant attached to hotel is very good.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Boutique Hotel Off Times Square	I had been trying to get a 4* hotel on Priceline for 3 nights over the weekend but the Saturday night was too expensive so I split my bid and got the lovely 4* Benjamin for Sunday and Monday and the 3* Mela for Saturday. I was not disappointed and personally I would rate it at 3.5*. It is either new or has been recently renovated and my room was pristine. It was, however, extremely small with a small double bed. That was fine for me by myself but it would have been cramped to share. I don't know if there are bigger rooms and they put me in a small room because I was by myself, but at the great rate I was paying, I am not complaining too much.I made use of the hotel's gym which was perfectly adequate and the free wifi - much appreciated. The restaurant was very pleasant and stayed serving until 11, which turned out to be very convenient.Service was friendly and efficient. I managed to leave a favourite cardigan in the closet and the hotel quickly responded to my inquiry and arranged to ship it back to Dallas.The great thing about this hotel though is that it is right off Times Square.The only thing that irritated me was the lack of coffee maker in the room. That is standard hotel equipment and I expect to be provided with one.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Location Upscale Feelq	I purchased a one-night stay through Price Line, to visit New York City for two days with my 10-year old. We were totally delighted withthe hotel. The location is fabulous, being a block or so from Times Square. However, the room was very quiet. The staff was extremely helpful, and the room had a luxurious feel to it. However, it was very small, and we had to sleep together in one Queen size bed. However, my daughter loved the hotel. Everything in the room was laid out well and seemed new. Room had lots of amenities, from beautiful LCD TV with full channels, CD player, fully stocked Refrigerator (although you have to pay for items), and in-room safe. Bathroom was in like-new condition, and hotel provided robe and hair dryer, in addition to the usual amendities.	
Jul 22 2009 	Lovely.	My husband had stayed at Hotel Mela before, and he was so impressed that we booked it again this year. What a great location, and a great staff. Beautiful, cozy room. Very comfortable bed. We loved it. And kudos to the staff. When our air conditioner stopped working, they sent a technician up at 9:30 pm to fix it. Couldn't be more satisfied. BDM Nashville	
Jul 15 2009 	JUST PERFECT	It was my virst time in New York and as soon as I arrived in hotel Mela I understood that my choice 100% right.A hotel in a perfect location only 50m from Times SquareSmall and clean with very helpful stuff.The only thing that we didn't like was the small size of the rooms but I thing this hotel is best value.	
Jul 9 2009 	An amazing hotel in an amazing location!	We got a great deal on two rooms at the Hotel Mela on hotwire.com. To be honest, we just weren't sure what we were getting, but thought it was worth a chance.. we are so glad that we took that chance! The hotel is one block from Times Square, near the Toys R Us. When we checked in, we were immediately offered a room upgrade, and were allowed to check-in at 10:45 since the rooms were ready. One room was small, but just fine for our two girls. The rooms are clean and elegant, the beds are comfortable. They gave us a late checkout, then gladly held our bags until we needed to leave for the train station. We loved the service at this hotel, they asked what they could do for us each time we entered the lobby, helped us with getting a cab, made recommendations of places to go.. the service was impeccable.	
Jul 8 2009 	Perfectly located for a theater vacation	My husband and I stayed here last week on a one night getaway to Manhattan. We got the room at a very attractive rate on Hotwire. We were in town for less than 36 hours and hoped to see two plays. We could not have been more pleased with the location, with handy access to the theater district. We found the hotel to be a good value for the price we paid.When we checked in, we asked if we could upgrade to a queen or king size bed and were given a Deluxe room with a king bed. The room was average sized by Manhattan standards (small by any other standards) but very comfortable, attractively decorated and clean. It featured the usual amenities, including cable TV, room service, mini bar, upscale toiletries, etc. The bed was very comfortable with lots of pillows. Note, the room was only suitable for one or two people, as I don't know how you could squeeze in even a small child.Our room was on the second floor and I could hear the trash trucks at 1 a.m. as well as street noise beginning around 6 a.m. However, we had shut off the air conditioning/fan before retiring. Had I to do it again, I would leave that on all night to block out the noise because we really couldn't hear much from outside with that on. The view was not great in the traditional sense, although we could gaze upon the Belasco Theater.We found the staff very friendly and efficient. They accommodated our request to place our luggage in the storage room after we checked out and handled the retrieval in a jiffy. We ate a post-theater dinner at the restaurant and were very pleased with both the service and cuisine. The only off-note was when we requested a restaurant recommendation for lunch -- the front desk employee really couldn't come up with any suggestions.Overall, the hotel is very comfortable and an excellent value at Hotwire prices. Its best feature, however, is the great location in the heart of the theater district. The hotel is in easy walking distance of many theaters as well as the TKTS booth -- to say nothing of the other Times Square tourist attractions (get your photo on a Hershey bar at the Hershey store!). Highly recommended.	
Jul 7 2009 	Bustling Midtown hotel noise-free interior	Yes, the rooms are small, even for New York City. The bathroom, on the other hand, was spotless and spacious, and the large-scale wall mirror was a welcome accent. Desk staff are helpful (although the first person I asked didn't seem to know about a flat-rate car to LaGuardia chauffeured by the gracious and professional David). The bistro next door is a delightful spot for any meal of the day, from brioche French toast for breakfast to late-night outdoor seating on warm summer evenings. Turn on the flat screen television to the house channel for great background music (Celtic-inspired the week I was there) and relocate the messy snack basket from the minibar to the top of the armoire to gain a handy additional surface. If you really, really need a desk and chair, inquire in advance because you won't necessarily get them here. What you will get is a surprisingly quiet room in a central, secure location in midtown Manhattan, just steps away from Times Square, at a great price. Works for me.	
Jul 7 2009	Central and did the job but no more	Room - just as expected from web site photos. We had a twin which is probably slightly larger than the standard double. Bathroom was small but clean.Thought the beds were disappointingly small for the US. Same as British singles and did not give me and my daughter a great deal of space to spread out as we are used to a double.( each)Location - very central for Times Square and that is probably what you are paying for.The hotel is best described as doing what it says on the packet but no more.	
Jul 5 2009 	overrated on this site	Rooms are tiny byANY standard. Mine had a &quot;window&quot; the size of a notebook affording absolutely no natural light. I was happy that we did not stay there with my husband as it was seriously claustrophobic. No space to literally stand in the room. Flat screen TV obstructed by mini bar selection as there was no other place to put it.. Light switch behind closet very hard to find and use. Staff were trying hard to make an impression but were completely clueless as to answering any questions. There are much better deals for the price.	
Jul 3 2009 	Brilliant Location!!!!	First trip to New York and the staff were great, would tell you the best places to go visit, eat, drink etc. Rooms, although no views(not surprising) were spacious, modern, great bathrooms, surprisingly quiet and we even got a free upgrade! You are literally a 2 minute walk from Times Square and 10minutes from Broadway! When I can afford it, i'll go again!	
Jun 30 2009 	Perfect	My wife, daughter and I recently had the pleasure of staying in Hotel Mela in NYC near Times Square, a convenient location. The hotel is managed by Desires Hotels and it shows. Right away friendly, competent staff took our luggage and efficiently checked us into our rooms. The rooms are large by &quot;Big&quot; Apple standards and elegantly appointed. Each room had a brand new Samsung flat screen LCD television, an upholstered chair, closet safe, desk with plugs for computer and cell phones, minibar, and basket full of reasonably priced snacks. Desires' sense of fun was evident from the choices in the basket. The king beds and linens were comfortable and the AC was powerful and responsive. The bathrooms were oppointed with marble and glass. The fitness center has treadmills, mats, free weights and a TV. Right next door is a quaint French Bistro where we enjoyed a refreshing cocktail the evening of our arrival and breakfast the following day. The food was good and fairly priced. We would definitely recommend the hotel and we look forward to our next stay in a Desires managed property.	
Jun 22 2009 	Do Not Stay Here!	Although this place was fairly new and nice, I found that they will try to take advantage of you and rip you off if they can get away with it. After checking out, I found that they had added almost $200 to my bill - which I did not owe. It took three phone calls to finally fix their mistake (why couldn't they just handle it on the first call)? On the last call I was put on hold for 10 minutes! (Ever been on hold for 10 minutes - it seems like eternity). It was like they were trying to frustrate me so that I would just hang-up and forget about it. Wasn’t going to happen. I will never stay there again.	
Jun 18 2009 	Love this hotel and the amazing service	Pamela Curtiss has continually gone above and beyond to make sure myself and my colleagues have everything we need.I travel 50 weeks out of the year and I always feel &quot;at home&quot; when I arrive at Mela because of all that Pam &amp; the Mela staff do to welcome us!~ Thanks	
Jun 17 2009 	Love it!	I have now stayed at Hotel Mela a few times for business and it is the perfect place to stay! The rooms are clean, the service is great (super friendly!), and I've also been able to use the work out room which is also very clean. I would recommend to anyone! We have also had the pleasure of working with Pamela in booking our rooms who has done everything she can to make it an enjoyable visit. I would highly recommend.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great little hotel	This is one of my favorite places in midtown. The people, ambiance and rooms are great. Pam Curtiss is a rock star and always willing to go out of her way to help us.	
Jun 17 2009 	It feels like comin' home.	Pamela (reservations/customer relations) never fails us (American Sporting Goods). From the moment that she books us in, to the time we checkout and every request in between, we feel that being well taken care of. Pamela and the entire staff's priority is clearly focused on customer service. On the rare occassions when we are unable to stay at the Mela I am a bit less enthused aboout coming to the city.	
Jun 17 2009 	AWESOME/Clean/Perfect Location	This continues to be our favorite place to stay.the clean rooms, awesome location, and the people are the reason i will continue to stay here.In particular Pamela Curtis, has always made sure not only myself but the Chairmen of the Board to the CEO are taken car of properly. It is this kind if service that makes the Mela my go to place...	
Jun 14 2009	Great value for money!	I stayed for 2 nights with my son in this hotel. The hotel is very well located near Times Squares. Although having a room on the 4th floor overlooking 44th Street it was not noisy at all. The size of the room was good, the beds were comfortable and the bathroom spotless.We paid $200 per night which is excellent value. A great experience!	
Jun 9 2009 	Personal Service at its best	The Hotel Mela is a small boutique hotel in the heart of midtown, steps from Times Square. The best aspect of this hotel is the administration. John Paul, the concierge, was wonderfully helpful in getting us a room upgrade for our three night stay for our party of 6. Rooms at the Mela are very small with little or no view. However the beds are comfortable and the hotel very clean at a reasonable price. John Paul was very prompt at responding to my email and was extremely gracious in his response to our concerns about the small room. He upgraded us to an excec. king which was much more spacious. Everyone was very friendly from the general manager to the housekeeping staff. There is no restaurant in the hotel but they have an arrangement with the one next door. To enter the restaurant you must go outside to access it. For this reason and the smallness of the rooms, I question the 4 star rating by Hotwire.	
Jun 8 2009 	Cozy little Inn	I booked through hotwire.com but I would not recommend this if you want to stay at Hotel Mela. The reason is you will get the smallest room you have every seen in your life. The rates are really reasonable on their website and you will be able to get a decent sized room. The rooms are clean but small, the staff very professional unlike anyplace I have ever stayed including some Ritz Carltons. I can't say enough about the staff, even when I asked to be moved to a bigger room they accomodated me even with a full house. I love their customer is always right attitude. This will take Hotel Mela a long way. I wish I would have booked a package which are a good v alue. Stay here if you want a good central location its right in Time Square and close to subway and good eats.	
Jun 8 2009 	YOU MUST STAY HERE!	I debated back and forth about where to stay for this trip and i will never regret choosing this little gem in the heart of Times Square. The rooms are a little small, but the service is AMAZING!!!! I am actually headed back there tomorrow.	
Jun 8 2009 	Excellent Service Excellent Stay	A colleague and I stayed at the Hotel Mela this past week and it was wonderful. The Front Desk Staff was extremely helpful, especially Chris, and the location couldn't have been better. The rooms are modern and comfortable. The Mela is a great value and I will definitely be returning on my next trip to New York. Ken Brune	
Jun 1 2009 	A gem in Times Square new clean contemporary best location all around	Just got back from Memorial Day weekend in NYC. Found Hotel Mela on the web. Hotel was converted from office space in 2007. Decor was contemporary, very tastefully done. I took pictures of the bedding, curtains, fixtures as I plan to show them to my contractor when I remodel my house. Yes, I liked it THAT much! Front desk and maid service were fabulous, rooms extremely clean, A/C &amp; heating were immediate and effective, free boarding pass printing, great prices, and the best part is location location location. This hotel is right smack in the middle of Times Square, and amazingly, the windows must have been well insulated as I didn't hear a single horn from a taxi from my room. I stayed in a suite facing the back of the hotel, not much of a view, but then the suite was spacious and more than made up for the lack of a view. I had two problems while I was there: 1) I reported the smell of cigarette smoke in the hallway outside my room on my way out one day. The problem was fixed immediately and by the time I returned back to the hotel, there was no sign of the odor. 2) I could hear the ppl talking in the room next door, so the walls are thinnish. I didn't bother to report this b/c the only solution would be to move to another room, which I didn't want to waste precious vacation time dealing with packing back up and unpacking again. Besides the thin walls, I really enjoyed my whole stay here, staff was wonderful and friendly, hotel condition exceeded my expectations. And, the best part is, you cannot beat this hotel's central location to TImes Square.	
May 31 2009 	Very clean centrally located and exceptionally comfortable bed	I highly highly recommend this hotel because it is central--close to everything from Grand Central Station, 5th avenue, Times Square, to the subway, to Central Park.... It is within comfortable walking distance to almost everything. This hotel provides what I love--an aesthetically decorated, extremely clean, comfortable room with MOST importantly, an AMAZINGLY comfortable bed, and the bed is most certainly one of, if not the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on!!! I can't say enough about the bed!!! The staff is very accomodating. I've stayed at this hotel on 2 separate occasions and would stay again and again.	
May 26 2009 	2 birds with 1 stone..	This was a trip to get some R&amp;R and a research trip for my baking co. We were here for Memorial weekend from Sat-Mon.We arrived at 2:30PM and I wanted to check in but only to be told the rooms weren't ready yet. We went to kill some time and arrived back after 4PM and was checked in with an upgraded room to a suite. Even though I have stayed in bigger suite rooms, it was good enough size for us. The room was very warm and we had to immediately turn on all the a/c.We were on the second floor facing the front of the hotel and the noise wan't that bad. Most noise died down around 11PM. What is great about this hotel besides the friendly and helpful staff, is the location. You are on the same street as ToysRUs and basically 1/3 of a block away from Times Sq.We had a great time and would definitely stay here again.PS. sign up with their &quot;your desires&quot; program and get a free welcome snack..	
May 23 2009	loved hotel mela	My husband and I spent 3 days at hotel Mela in April 2009 and just loved it....the rooms were small but the beds were very comfortable and that's what really matters when you travel....not noisy and the staff was friendly...you could not ask for a better location since it is a 30 second walk to time square.....I would definitely return and would recommend to anybody.....Moncton, NB	
May 22 2009 	Very nice boutique hotel close to Times Square	My wife and I have not been in NYC for 20 years and were not familiar with hotels there. I chose the Hotel Mela from the Internet, after reading other TripAdvisor reviews. We were not disappointed.The hotel staff is very friendly and extremely helpful.The location is wonderful - 1 block from Times Square.We had a room with a king bed. It was very comfortable, with modern furniture and a well done bathroom. We had heard horror stories of how small NYC hotel rooms could be, but we had more than enough space in the room.I was concerned about the noise factor of staying in a NYC hotel, but we never heard any street noise or people in the next rooms.This is a hotel we will definitely use again on a return visit.	
May 21 2009	Wow! Can't wait to go back!	Spent a whirlwind 3 days in NYC to celebrate DD's graduation. Chose Hotel Mela due to location &amp; good deal through travelzoo &amp; WOW what a great choice! We LOVED the trendy decor, techno elevator music &amp; lighting (DD called it the &quot;yellowvator&quot;) &amp; fabulous atmosphere. All the staff we encountered were welcoming without being intrusive &amp; were extremely helpful with directions, recommendations, etc. The rooms were immaculate &amp; housekeeping even checked on us after check in to see if we needed anything else. I was concerned about room size after reading prior comments; however, we were upgraded from a queen to a king room without asking &amp; our room, at least, felt like a suite. The bedroom area was separated from the bath by a wide hallway containing a work desk &amp; nice sized closet - (pictures posted today also) &amp; there were 2 windows &amp; 2 heating/cooling units with separate thermostats. The bathroom was small but the shower was spacious &amp; the water pressure was good. Lighting was excellent &amp; there was an in room coffee maker which is a must for me. The in room safe is big enough for a laptop, though there are computers available outside the fitness center on the second floor if needed. The elevators were small but the only time we had to wait was Sun 9-10 AM when I guess a lot of guests head for check out at the same time. Location can't be beat - 1/2 block off Times Square but so quiet you'd never believe that you were so close. We heard some minor construction noise one afternoon but no traffic noise, no crowd noise, no noise from other hotel patrons. Easy walking distance to major sights - Grand Central Station, Rockefeller Ctr, MOMA, NYPL, Bryant Park, Central Park, 5th Ave shopping - &amp; less than 2 blocks to the Metro for everywhere else. There are many great restaurants close by &amp; there is a deli/convenience store 2 doors down - nice for sodas, snacks, a quick sandwich to go.We've already recommended this hotel to friends planning a New York trip &amp; are anxious to coordinate more time off together for another visit ourselves. Can't wait to go back!	
May 21 2009 	Nothing special	Just returned from this hotel. The place itself is very nice, very upmarket and modern and kept clean. The location is right off Times Square and very central for sight seeing etc. Our big grumble with this hotel was the lack of sleep we got from the noise in the hotel. Understanably, no hotel in New York is going to be silent but EVERY single morning of the 5 days we were there we were woken up as early as 6.30 by the noise of the staff in the corridors. The housekeeping staff are clearly told as soon as there work is done they can finish as they are knocking on doors really early in the morning and banging doors cleaning.The acoustics of this hotel were poor, as you could hear the noise of doors closing at the opposite end of the corridor from where we were. And the icing on the cake was when we went to check out and the staff tried to bill us $4 for allegedly having things from the minibar.In fairness, we fought the corner and they were very apologetic and this was rectified. Overall this place was ok, but I wouldn't return.	
May 11 2009 	comfortable and charming!	Hotel Mela exceeded our expectations! Excellent location, right off Times Square. After really researching hotels, We decided on the Hotel Mela. How wonderful for a hotel to not only live up to our expectations, but to exceed them! We booked directly through the hotel to get the best price. Bathroom was fine with clean towels everyday if you wanted and complimentary toiletries.	
May 10 2009 	Cozy 	I booked a discounted rate through a website and it was totally worth the price I paid (~$140/night for a Fri and Sat). Were are very familiar with NYC but had not stayed in a hotel and did not know what to expect. Hotel Mela exceeded our expectations! Staff was excellent. People were very friendly and helpful. the concierge recommended a great little restaurant that was exactly what we were looking for. The location is fantastic; 2 blocks from Times Square and most major theaters are within 4 blocks. Plenty of restaurants and shopping nearby. Make sure you visit the bistro next door for a pre-show drink. The whole place was very clean including our room. We stayed in a room with 1 bed and it was a little small but I did not expect a large room being in Manhattan and when visiting NYC, I didn't plan to spend a lot of time in the room anyways. Overall, a great place. We will definitly consider it again when we go back.	
May 10 2009 	Fabulous location stunning hotel	Excellent location, right off Times Square. Staff friendly and helpful. They upgraded us to a bigger room which was fantastic except it was a smoker's room. There's an ATM on the second floor and a mini gym, but let's be honest - who's going to the gym when there's the whole of the city to see!Decor was modern and the king bed extremely comfortable.Definitely make time to go to Magnolia bakery on Bleecker Str for their cupcakes and The Plaza for a glass of bubbly on a rainy day	
May 8 2009 	Hotel Mela-Fabulous Find in Timesquare!!	We are just back from a whirlwind, girls weekend in NYC. After really researching hotels, I decided on the Hotel Mela. How wonderful for a hotel to not only live up to our expectations, but to exceed them! I booked directly through the hotel to get the best price. We were upgraded to an executive room with plenty of space for 3 adults. The bed was an incredibly comfortable king size and the roll away bed was comfortable as well. Our room faced the back of the hotel, room 1103 and therefore was very quiet and dark at night which made for great sleeping! The room was spotlessly clean, great bathroom with a huge shower, fresh towels (twice a day if we needed them) but I think the biggest plus is the staff! The desk staff, the concierge, Jonathon who took care of our luggage, the cleaning staff and everyone we met went out of their way to ensure that we had a fabulous stay!! Lots of smiles and &quot;how was your day&quot; and &quot;what do you have planned for today?&quot; or &quot;do you need help making plans?&quot; We became members of the &quot;Desires Club&quot;, submitted our plans and wants online and were given late check out, plus goodies in our room (we asked for low fat chips and diet Cokes-a nice treat to come home to!) as well as personalized recommendations for tours, restuarants and shows.I highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking to stay in the heart of Manhatten and Timesquare-steps away from Broadway, 5th Avenue, tours, buses, subway, and plenty of choices of restuarants and stores. It's a real gem and I would absolutely not hesitate to stay there again...........and we will!!	
May 6 2009 	Clean Classy Courteous - service with a smile :)	Location is great! Right there with all of the action. Clean, Classy, and Courteous. Modern motif. Clean, comfortable accomodations. And something that is absolutely priceless... amazing service. To manager Nick and his staff (including the hotess with the mostest - Pamela), thank you for a great experience!	
Apr 30 2009 	good for New york	Small rooms need renovation the location is superb and the price is high in the season.	
Apr 29 2009 	very good value for money very helpful staff.	The hotel was very clean and modern in style. The room was just as pictured on the hotel website. Although the room was very small we had enough space for our clothes and a very comfortable bed. Bathroom was fine with clean towels everyday if you wanted and complimentary toiletries. The front desk staff were always welcoming and very helpful. We did a Grand Central Area tour which runs only on Fridays. Free. Meet at the Sculture Court opposite Grand Central 12.30pm. Very interesting and we got into buildings we would not have seen on our own. Carnegie Hall tour was excellent. Times Deli along from the hotel is a good choice for breakfast. McCormick and Schmick for dinner was also very good. Tried Maze for lunch, very nice.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great from start to finish.	We stayed 6 nights in the Mela in April hand have nothing but praise for it. The Location is wonderful. 1 minute from Times Square. Right in the middle of everything. The hotel is welcoming, clean, staff are helpful, rooms are great and it is quiet. Really glad we came here. Room was large for New York and the bed was excellent. Slept like a top!We got a great price and when we come to NYC again Mela will be top of our list.Check it out.Sean/MaryDublin Ireland	
Apr 27 2009 	Perfection	My friend and just returned from NYC for a girls' weekend. I was lucky enough to get this gem of a hotel at a Hotwire Rate, so we paid less than half the regular rate. I then called the hotel and asked for an upgrade to a 2 bed room, and they accomadated me with a discount on that also. Even though the Mela is decorated in contemporary furniture the hotel has a small Boutique feel to it with a hint of European grace. The room was bright and spacious for NYC, and the tiled bath was spotless. The bed was very comfortable! We were an easy walk from the subway, Times Square, Broadway theatres, etc. We found the staff to be bright and friendly and easy to access. Phillip at the checkin desk was very helpful with an early checkin and a quiet room location on the 8th floor.We liked the French restaurant (Saju Bistro) so much that we wound up eating there 3 times. The service was friendly and accomodating. The maitre 'd bought us a drink at the bar beacuse we had a reservation and our table wasn't ready for 15 minutes. This is New York?Go, stay, enjoy!	
Apr 27 2009 	Spot on!	I was a guest of this hotel for seven nights, and all I can say is that this was a great hotel for me. The location was perfect, the room was small but clean, comfortable and quiet, although with no view, and the staff was friendly and helpful. Not that I had time to explore the whole hotel, but I was very satisfied with what I saw.For my next stay in NY, this hotel will likely be my choice again.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great location Clean rooms!	Hotel Mela was in a great location - right in the heart of the city. The rooms were small, but clean and very nice looking.	
Apr 20 2009 	The only positive thing about this hotel is the proximity to Time Square	Hotwire had this property rated as a 4 star. I think that 3 stars is being generous. Here are some things to consider.- Rooms are really small, even by NY standards. I have stayed at several properties in NY and this is by far the smallest.- Bathrooms are small and really average in cleanliness.- Really small elevators ( I did not know that something this small existed)- Very small lobby/reception area. You are likely to miss it if you do not look closely.- Staff is quite friendly and willing to help.- A/C is too loud and does not cool very wellOverall I would prefer to stay elsewhere. A four star this is not.If you must stay here then ask for the rooms in the middle of the hotel they are quieter as opposed to the ones elsewhere.Overall	
Apr 19 2009 	Great Location	Located right at Times Square, the location was perfect for our Broadway themed vacation. The hotel rooms are small. Very small. Closet type small. But in New York, you have to pay for space, so for the value, you can't argue. It was clean and the conseirge was very helpful both before and during our trip. Might not stay there again, but it wasn't as if we had a bad experience. I just like a little more space.	
Apr 15 2009 	Small Wonder	Although the rooms are small, the hotel is nice and is in a great location. We were even able to find parking on the street right in front of the hotel!	
Apr 15 2009 	A great modern small hotel in the heart of 'The Big Apple'!	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights. It is a small hotel,very modern and clean. It is in a superb position being only seconds walk from Times Square. We were a little worried it would be noisy being so close to the hustle and bustle but it wasn't. The rooms are quite small but lovey and decorated very well. There is no tea or coffee making facilities and that's the only down side. The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful ESPECIALLY the concierce, John-Paul and Thyrone (not sure that's the correct spelling). They were excellent at telling us where to go, where to eat, where the good night life was and helped us to get reservations at some lovely rsetaurants. These guys have loads of experience so use their knowledge and ask them to give you tips and ideas. Thanks for a very memorable holiday!!	
Apr 14 2009 	Brilliant location	I was here in january with my partner, this hotel is just off Times square so well located for sightseeing. Staff here are friendly and we had un upgrade because we were here for a week, rooms are clean bathroom spotless.Reception staff were brilliant big thanks to benny and chris who were more than helpful also the Desires staff can get you transport of any kind and point you in the right direction for any sights you want to go see.Breakfast is next door but you can get a good breakfast anywhere out and about.There is a well equiped gym with plenty of water and fruit and a bathroom.Just outside the gym is internet station where you can check in on line before you leave for your flight home.This is a chic boutique hotel which we found comfortable and clean and friendly.Next door there is a friendly local bar called Jimmys but blink and you will miss it Beer here is cheap and he will put a bowl of chips out for you to snack on.A little further up there is a cheap frindly deli that to take out food, we tried the Mcdonalds in times square its a must nothing like ours big and bright and buzzing and the burgers are much bigger.You must go to the top of the Rock it has a brilliant viewing platform and on the way up you get the story of how the rock started way back when very interesting also loads of shops and an ice rink, also an Ice Rink in Byrant Park and Central Park, we went part way over Brooklyn bridge fantastic views, we took the Statton island ferry which is free by the way and got good views of the statue of liberty at the other side we just ran round and got back on.My tip is to make a plan before you go to NY we did everything on foot and got just about everything you need to see done in a week , we did not do any shopping if we had we would not of seen everything	
Apr 13 2009 	It's nice to feel like you are welcomed... so.....	We went to Hotel Mela via a promo with travelzoo.com. Location is perfect, right in the center of Time Square. We were a bit concerned at first about traffic &amp; construction noise when we read the critics on TripAdvisor, so we asked management for a quiet room. They gave us a room on the other side of the building, and we were amazed on how quiet it was. We could not hear a single thing and were only on the 4th floor, so kudos for that. The room was impeccably clean. On the other hand, we have to mention that the management was polite but not particularly friendly with us and we often felt like they had something else to take care of first before answering our questions and demands. We had complimentary continental breakfast in our package and they forgot to give us the vouchers for that. (we didn't care because we had breakfast elsewere (btw you have to have brunch at Norma's at Parker Meridien, it was amazing)When we came back after our second day, our keys didn't work anymore and we had to go to lobby to get them activated again. Staff was polite but unapologetic, like it happened all the time. If you want to watch tv, you will have to move the huge basket full of goodies that they want to sell you sitting right in front of the tv, because the remote signal (and not to mention the screen) is blocked by it. Not a big deal, but annoying nonetheless.As anyone else said, the elevators ARE small, but it's not so bad.The hotel's restaurant &quot;Saju Bistro&quot; was excellent, and had amazing, friendly service.The food was very good and decently pricedOverall, it was a good experience, but i would not send friends over there, because we had much, better and friendlier customer service elsewhere for around the same price in New-York city.	
Apr 9 2009 	More than expected	We were very happy with this hotel. The staff was wonderful, each and every person that helped us was upbeat, happy, gracious, courteous, and wanted to be sure we were enjoying our stay. They worked together very well, spoke nicely to one another. They gave the feeling that they really liked their jobs. We had to upgrade to a larger room that would accomodate a roll away for our daughter. The linens, bedding, pillows were all very soft, fluffy and comfortable, even on the roll away. I was impressed that the roll away was remade each morning, even though we had folded it up so we could have more room. The view wasn't good at all, a brick wall. So, it was hard to see what the day had in store. But a quick trip to the lobby and street told us all we needed to know. We appreciated the free internet and breakfast. The french bistro next door was so sweet, excellent food and service. We decided to add a night, but weren't able to stay at this hotel, so chose a hotel directly across the street. We really liked the location. The stay across the street didn't even compare. The room was larger, as well as the bathroom, and we had a nice view from the 47th floor. BUT, the service was less than adequate. I would trade the view for the service.	
Apr 6 2009 	Very clean nice rooms! But small and contruction RIGHT outside window!	I stayed for one night at Hotel Mela (March2009) and loved it. I picked this hotel over the many others in Times Square because of the very decent price and from the great reviews I read here on TripAdvisor. And I'm very glad I did! The room was very small (fit the double bed, but only about 3 feet more of room on either side of it) but it was extremely clean and pretty. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was sparkling clean and modern. I laughed my head off when I opened the curtain and looked out the window for the first time as there was a construction worker working on the building next to us only a few meters away (I waved and he waved back!! haha). So it was noisy! But the noise was over around 5pm, so it wasn't a big deal. Besides, it's New York City in the centre of Times Square. It's always busy and noisy! But that's what NYC is all about.Check in and out was immediate and everyone was very friendly and polite. The lobby always smelled like pineapple or something pleasant and tropical. I would definitely recommend Hotel Mela to anyone looking to go stay in the very centre of things, wants a nice, modern, clean, and comfortable stay but doesn't want to break the bank either.	
Apr 5 2009 	Everything is small with construction next door	This hotel is nice - not quite a 4-star as noted by Hotwire. When we checked in, they gave us the smallest room I've ever seen in the U.S. We could not even hang our coats up in the small wooden box for a closet. Outside workers could glare into our room who are building next door. We asked to move, and they did. The construction noise still starts early in the morning which we could hear from the front of the hotel. This hotel is a good value and is close to Times Square. It's just that everything is very small. Small rooms, closet, bathroom, and the elevator can only fit 4 people with a small door about 14 inches wide.	
Apr 2 2009	Happy happy happy	Stayed at Hotel Mela for 5 nights at the end of March. The first thing you notice is the gorgeous smell in the lobby, really warm and inviting. Not a big lobby as was said before, but really pretty, and I wouldn't want to spend any time in a lobby anyway. We didn't have much to do with the front desk staff, but when we did they were always very nice, as were the 'bouncers' at the front door (far too muscle-y and lovely to call them bellhops). :) We also got free apples at the front desk and in the gym:)The room itself was far better than the reviews led us to believe. We were 408, at the back of the hotel, quite low down. Noise wasn't an issue. You can hear the traffic, but it's background, and it's New York so you do kinda like it. When we entered the room it looked exactly like the picture on this website. We had ample room to walk about in, a wardrobe with hanging space and drawers, and room to tuck away your suitcase next to it.The bed was big (my sister-in-law and I were sharing- so big enough for 2 non-cuddling), and the mattress and pillows were ultra comfy. There were also sets of drawers next to each side of the bed, so PLENTY of room for all our stuff.The bathroom was great. Really big bath and really amazing shower! Seriously, the shower needs a review all on it's own, it was fantastic.Our only slight issue, was that there were no curtains you could pull closed. There were net curtains, but then only decorational curtains on either side. No one could see in, and there was no chance of direct sunlight, so it was only a problem when one really bright light higher up on the building opposite (although with no one in it) was left on overnight and shone into the room. This only happened one night though. We did change in the bathroom or behind the wardrobe just in case:)Other points:-We only ever heard doors slamming in the corridor, but not any of our neighbours talking etc. -The elevators are tiny, but fast and frequent. - Room service and breakfast were quite pricey so we just popped out to Times Square (1 minute away) for coffee etc.- We met our house-keeping lady one day, she was a sweetie.Would absolutely stay there again, we just had such a pleasant experience.	
Mar 31 2009 	Small gem off Times Square	We recently took two rooms at Hotel Mela - one a King &quot;Executive,&quot; the other two twins. I was a bit nervous based on the small room size described by others, but I got such a good deal through Hotels.com that I had to book the rooms anyway. Okay, there's no big lobby. But there ARE really friendly, helpful people behind the front desk. And the rooms are really not THAT small. The twin room was definitely smaller than the king, but it was large enough to move around in without feeling claustrophobic. We were concerned about the king room because its windows faced a construction site and feared being awakened at 6:00 a.m. I called the front desk and Benny switched us to another room immediately. He also made dinner reservations for us at the last minute and it was one of the best meals I've had in NY (La Masseria, 48th St.).They offer H20+ Spa products in the bathroom and they are wonderful. The decoration is hip without being over the top. The bed is very comfy. There is NO street sound drifting up even though you're just a block off Times Square. Why wouldn't you stay here?	
Mar 30 2009 	Perfect location - no noise at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Anyone who says noise is a problem here must have sensitive ears. It was so quiet for us, it was one of the things we loved about it.Staying in a city that never sleeps, you wouldn't think you could get a room without some noise but we just loved this hotel. The staff are tremendous. Being from anotehr country, for whatever reason the computer wouldn't accept my credit card, so the manager took me down to the concierge's desk and told me to use it for as long as wanted. We were always greeted at the doors and all staff said hello on every occassion.The room was small but big enough to move around in. The bed was one of the best i have slept in. A king size and the pillows were amazing. The bathroom was clean, in fact everything about it was clean. The location is great. Right off times square, a minute walk and your in the middle of it.I did a lot of research and for what we paid, it was perfect. Pay the little extra to have a big bed. I would definately go back there if i was in New York again	
Mar 22 2009 	Excellent location - noise a factor	It was a nice stay overall but you must pay some attention to the room location. There are a) those that have a sideways view with horrible noise 24/7 coming from outside (air shaft plus some other garbage collection type noise) b) those that have no view but are quiet c) those that have a view to the main road which are the best and almost not noisy at all. Apart from that, the rooms and their feeling are fresh and of good quality and people are helpful and kind. Location is superb. Lots of restaurants on the road and an economical one for breakfast &quot;The red flame&quot; that serves good stuff in zero time and at a reasonable cost.This hotel isn't cheap or expensive in our view.	
Mar 15 2009 	Excellent on all counts	We have stayed in many hotels in New York city for business, but Hotel Mela is the best of them all. Excellent is the mark in every catagory.	
Mar 14 2009 	Good service and location but small 	Spent one night at the Hotel Mela on business; location is next to Times Square (and near our NY office). I found the room to be clean and nicely appointed, but the room and bathroom are very small (by U.S. standards, anyway). Also, there's no place but the bed to put a laptop, or eat breakfast. For details, read on...Room - it's pretty small. There's literally room for the bed, the entertainment center/armoire, and a night stand on each side of the bed. No chair. The bed is a full and is very comfortable. The appointments have a understated, modern look, and a smallish flat screen HDTV is included, (but understand there's no HD programming). The mini-bar has a couple of, shall we say, interesting items to purchase for close encounters... Room was very clean. One problem - even though I was eight floors up the soundproofing is non-existent, and I could hear everything on the street.Bathroom - also very small, and very clean. Limited space for vanity (glass shelf above the sink). The shower is awkward - the door is all glass, and has a weird inward angle, and it is hard to close the door. I managed to get it closed, but water still got all over the floor.Food - room service was prompt; I got a bagel, so no comment on the quality of the rest of the food.Location - right next to Times Square, so if this is your destination, the location is great. I was here because it is so close to our NY offices. However, the surrounding area is loud, so be prepared for noise.Other - staff was friendly, and the lobby has complimentary had hot chocolate with marshmallows. Overall - not an optimal business hotel. I could see my wife and I staying here, but the ambient noise would likely lead me to pick somewhere else. Plus, being the boorish American that I am, I like at least a standard US sized hotel room. :-)	
Mar 13 2009	quiet haven in the hub	My sister and I met in NYC for a fun-packed 3 days and chose the Mela based on reviews and a good discount through Travelzoo. We were not disappointed. It was everything we hoped for and more. It is literally right off of Times Square, but once you enter the hotel it is calm and quiet. Plus, it is not at all touristy. This hotel seems to be a popular choice for foreign travelers, based on the many languages we heard in the elevators and lobby. Our package included breakfast at the restaurant next door, which was wonderful. It is a little french bistro, and the continental breakfast included fresh juice, your own pot of coffee, fresh fruit, and delicious, warm pastries. It was a great way to start each day.The concierge desk is fantastic. Both Tirone and Jean Paul could not have been friendlier or more informative. They made you feel like friends, rather than hotel guests.The room and the elevators were small, but it didn't matter a bit. The entire hotel is very efficient and well-managed. We would stay there again in an instant.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great location. Nice rooms. Accommodating staff	This is the second time I stayed here and I would definitely come back again and again. Rooms have everything you need and the staff if very friendly.	
Mar 11 2009 	A great find	In the past year, we have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and twice in the past month. The staff is always courteous and the rooms are clean and very attractively furnished. The hotel seems to attract a younger crowd, which we are not, but it is never noisy or uncomfortably trendy. The location could not be better for access to shows , restaurants, MOMA etc. The rooms vary in size and for those who need the space, book one of the larger rooms. The bathrooms are well designed with room for toiletries. On several occasions, we have gotten some very good deals on our room prices which makes it a great value. Overall, a hidden gem in a perfect location.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great location and clean	This is the second time my boyfriend and I have stayed in New York, the previous stay was at the Royalton, which I guess turned out to be a majorly high standard to compare anything else to. The room was small, but I expected that based on previous reviews. It was nicely decorated, however, our room was facing onto the back of the hotel, and I guess the interior designer decided it wasn't necessary to provide curtains that can actually close. Fine if you are an exhibitionist, not so great if you aren't. Especially since the back of the hotel faced onto a tiny courtyard which meant it was always fairly dark and once the light was turned on, i am sure any other guests could see as much of us as we could of them (not good). The doors weren't properly sealed either which meant you could hear everything, and it kind of reminded me of being back at university in halls.Apart from that, the staff were friendly and i'm sure they would have provided us with maps, etc had we asked for them.The hotel has a business centre on the second floor. Here they charge $8 for 15 minutes on the internet, which I stupidly did, only to discover later that the shop beside the Subway deli, about two doors down provides an internet service for $1 for 10 minutes. The location of the hotel is fantastic, especially for theatre lovers. All the glory of Time's Square is only a few steps away...My advice is to shop around to get the best deal. We booked this for £400 for four nights, superior double, room only through alpha rooms. Any more than this wouldn't hae really been worth it, since the subway system is so good and you can be at the other end of Manhattan in a matter of minutes for just $2 single/$7 day ticket. Just bear that in mind... more money you save, the more you have to spend. Be sure to visit Century 21 on Cortlandt Street, near ground zero, for fab designer labels at discount prices, everything from guess to Jimmy choos, I was so suprised!!	
Mar 9 2009	Great location well appointed clean and friendly accommodating staff	My daughter and I planned a trip to NYC for a couple of days, and after reading all the Trip Advisor reviews, booked a room at the Hotel Mela. While the room was not huge, it was clean, well appointed and perfect for our stay. The staff was extremely accommodating during check in, in giving directions and recommendations.	
Mar 8 2009 	Perfect central location	This was a lovely small hotel, in a central location (just off theatre district) great for exploring Manhattan. Rooms were tiny, but when in New York, there isn't much point staying in your hotel room! Helpful concierge who suggested a fantastic steak restaurant - Ben Benson's Steak House.	
Mar 7 2009 	Just OK	The room was extreamly small even though I upgraded two levels above the regular room but the location was the key . I wasn't impressed with the hotel but the staff was great. I have stayed in three star hotels that had superior service right on Broadway. If you like a Euorpean style hotel then this is a good choice for you.The traditional room and service is better in some of the cheaper hotels but it served it's purpose.	
Mar 6 2009 	Great location to explore Manhattan	The Hotel Mela is in a great spot on 44th St between Broadway and 6th Avenue making it a perfect central location to explore midtown, with great links to the Upper East Side, Upper West Side and Lower Manhattan.Despite being so close to Times Square, and being in a room fronting onto the road, we found the room relatively quiet. Whilst the street noise could be heard with the window closed, it certainly wasn't enough to disturb our sleep, and if anything for us it enhanced the experience! We didn't go to NYC for a quite holiday, and enjoyed the reminder of what was going on just outside our room.For our 4 night stay we opted for a Deluxe room and were pleasantly surprised by the amount of space in this city centre location. The room was well furnished, clean, and comfortable and the bathroom was pleasant and bright.The staff were very friendly and were keen to offer help wherever appropriate.We didn't make use of the fitness centre - we did too much walking to fancy doing that - but we did make use of the free option to check in and print our boarding passes for the return flight.This was a great holiday and hotel. We would definitely recommend it and are already thinking about booking again for our next trip to New York (although we just got home today!)	
Feb 28 2009 	Best Priceline bargain of year	I made a ridiculously low bid on Priceline for a hotel in the Times Square area and was lucky enough to get the Hotel Mela. Very stylish rooms and lobby. I loved this little boutique hotel. Would happily return and pay full price.	
Feb 26 2009 	A hotel is only as good as its staff and the MELA is top draw	I have stayed in many hotels but the quallity of the staff at the Mela made a huge difference. The rooms have all the usual and are nicely decorated although if your doing the sight seeing / partying or shopping thing then stick to the double room rather than shelling out for the junior suite.The Mela is in Midtown but cost only about $10 to get to the meat packing district or Soho (including tip) Being in Midtown you can actually get a decent breakfast before lunch. Tyrone is worth having a chat with, He knows who what where and when to get things done. I should not realy tell you this otherwise I can see rates going up and key team members poached but eh !!!I dont usualy write reports but felt this little nugget was worth shouting about. RegardsSpencer ...	
Feb 24 2009 	Best Trip Ever!!	My sister and I stayed at the Mela Hotel for 5 days and we truly had an amazing time! If you're ever thinking of going to New York for a few days, Mela Hotel is the place to stay. Not only was the room clean, but we were right next to Time Square and pretty much everything else! Hardly had to cab it anywhere, since we were from a walking distance to most places. The Service at Mela was excellent! Everyone was welcoming and truly helpful. Excellent beds and pillows! Really comfortable. All in all, we both had a wonderful time and would stay at the Mela Hotel again, without a doubt!	
Feb 22 2009 	Realistic: The Good and Bad	I'm going to give you a brief yet descriptive description of my trip. I arrived at the hotel at 5am with my significant other, exhausted we were hoping a room would be available even though check-in wasn't until 3pm. At first the front deskman was a bit rude but he warmed up to us (I guess he isn't a morning person) and managed to find us a smaller room than the one we booked and we were happy to take it and rest after our travels. Never in my life have I had a front desk person CALL the room 5 minutes after we walked in to make sure it was suitable. (And I've stayed in many nice hotels). Simple but showed their customer service was already going to be outstanding.Around noon another call to our room was placed saying the room we booked won't be available for the night and we would have to stay in my opinion what was an EXTREMELY small room, almost dorm like. Clean yes but too small for my taste in what I figured was to be a nice hotel. I was fairly annoyed seeing how it was Valentine's Day but they quickly remedied the situation with a free breakfast AND upgraded 2 room sizes the following night since we were staying for 4 nights total. Our next room was much bigger and nice minus the &quot;modern&quot; shower that really wasn't so great as water kind of splashed all over. Not a big deal, but letting you know and the bathrooms have very little room to put your toiletries on the counter or lack there of. I was woken up to construction at 8am (5am California time). To say the least I was pissed. The manager was extremely apologetic, offered to move us immediately, and we were to have dinner on them at the restaurant next door. I believe Kevin and Nick were the 2 managers I spoke with, they also gave us a bottle of wine, bottled water, and juice for the inconvenience. We also got a choice of 3 different rooms, 2 different layouts.Overall, the customer service is outstanding. Never have I had better service and almost everyone was nice and accommodating. Some 5 star hotels I've stayed at don't give a crap about you as you're a number and if you would like something extra, good luck unless you want to pay a lot. If you're looking for a huge lobby when you walk in and for there to be 10 people at the front desk to greet you and an option of restaurants and bars in the hotel, this isn't the place for you. To give you an idea the elevator can't hold more than 4 people. If you're looking for a hotel with an amazing location, clean, great service, nice people, and decent rooms than this is the place for you. You can walk anywhere and there are restaurants and bars all over the place within 5 minutes walking.	
Feb 19 2009 	To one great bellman!!!	I recently stayed at Hotel Mela in New York: a wonderful boutique hotel in the heart of Times Square. The hotel was pleasant enough but what really sold me was the wonderful bell attendant, Josh!!! OMG, he rules!!! That guy was wonderful; he helped carry up ALL of our luggage and then - as if that wasn't enough - charmed our brains out with his witty puns! My daughter and wife could not take their eyes off him he was so damn handsome! with his broad shoulders and rippling arms, he moved as gracefully as a jungle cat. He is so professional and knowledgeable, it's incredible he isn't a front desk manager or GM!!! Needless to say, I told him how great he was and gave him a huge high five! Awesome job Josh, i love you!!!	
Feb 18 2009 	Location is great and staff really helpful	Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Hotel Mela.We were there for my wife's birthday and valentines day. The location is great as it's just steps from Times Square which has everything you'll need.Also really handy for getting around all the major tourist sites. We did everything by foot, apart from the financial district which was a bit further out.The room we had was really nice and a lot bigger than i thought it would be. Lots of space and a lovely comfy bed too.The staff are really friendly and always happy to help out. John Paul helped us book theatre tickets and a river boat cruise.If you get chance, go and see Chicago.. brilliant.Would definately book to stay here again.	
Feb 17 2009 	Excellent boutique hotel in Times Square	We loved this hotel. The pros of this hotel far outweigh the cons. You need remember that staying in NYC is unlike staying in any other place, so you need to consider size, location, service, noise and other factors. If you want a very clean, well-appointed, European style hotel in a central location with a friendly staff, don't overlook this great, small hotel:Pros:-Hotelmela.com is a great web site that explains all hotel amenities accurately-When reserving by phone, they honored lowest rate found on the web (hotels.com)-Clean, recently renovated, well appointed rooms and bathroom-Free wireless internet-Friendly and helpful staff which attended to our needs quickly (unlike at big hotels)-Great, centralized location right off Times Square-We got a free upgrade to an Executive Jr. Suite for joining their free Desires program and paid only $188/nite plus tax!-Excellent room for short business trip or couples getaway-We arrived early and they held our bags until we checked in-We got late checkout until 1pm and they held our bags all day-We requested a quiet non-smoking room, high floor, away from elevators or outside traffic and they gave us exactly what we wanted (as expected and desired, the room had no view - buidings only, not the street - which is exactly what you need in Times Square in order to get some sleep)-Good food/bars nearby; subway nearby; cabs on street whenever needed; near parking-Turndown service with Dove chocolate (not sure if this was because Valentines day was the previous day)-Overall great value for the price and amenitiesCons:-Small lobby (BUT exactly as expected based on other boutique hotels); waiting room around the corner near the elevators; crowded at check in time-Small rooms (BUT no different from any other boutique hotel - get the square footage and compare to other hotels in the area); wouldn't be good for a week's stay (but great for 1-3 nites).-Small elevators (4 people max).My goal was to find a nice hotel in Times Square for one night and this hotel was perfect!	
Feb 16 2009 	Tinny rooms poor hot water no restaurant inside front desk could do better job	No, no - second time. The view is wonderfull - WALL	
Feb 15 2009 	Would definitely stay again!	Great location! Great staff! Comfy room, not large but enough space and very nice. Near everything and if you get a room high up and in the back it's very quiet--except for the pigeons! :) Loved it, will stay again for sure!	
Feb 13 2009 	Would go back in a second!!!	Well, where do I start? I had to go to NYC for business and since it was a Friday, I decided to bring my husband along for a long awaited night away from home...This hotel was great!!!! You can't get a place like this for the amount that I paid in Midtown at any time of the year!!! The hotel staff was excellent. The hotel was centrally located, a half a block off of Times Square (The Crossroads of America)...The rooms were great. They have a desires program that you can sign up for and when we get to your room, they already have your pre-picked snack and drink waiting for you. The room was clean, the bathroom was clean, they have a turndown service at night and they put little chocolates on your pillow!! The maid service was excellent....I would definitely go back. The only thing is that they are doing some construction work right next door, so it was a little loud during the day, but hey, you are in the middle of Manhattan. I would definitely request a room on a higher floor next time we go back, maybe we would be able to lose some of the street noise. Other than that, our stay was relaxing and fantastic. Oh, and if you go, there is a really nice little Irish bar right around the corner called O'Lunney's on 45th Street between 6th and 7th -- check it out -- great food, great bartenders and great people!You will enjoy your stay at Hotel Mela!	
Feb 10 2009 	Second time as good as the first...	I stayed at Hotel Mela in September and because it was a great location and very comfortable, I decided to stay with them again. Once again, everything was exactly what I needed. Terrific location, great bed/bedding, attentive staff. The front desk staff is a bit stuffy, everything comes out sounding a little scripted and impersonal, but the valets are warm and eager to help. Joel was great, both stays. Only one hiccup....at check-in, I was assigned a room that the previous guest had smoked in, even though it was a non-smoking floor (and almost a completely non-smoking hotel)...no worries, they gave me a different room immediately.In the same block - The Italian place across the street is very good, the food and the service. The bar a few doors down (Jimmy's Corner) is a great little dive. Times Cafe/Deli is good for lots of stuff, breakfast or a snack, whatever.	
Feb 10 2009 	Great location...Great Hotel...Outstanding Staff	My wife and I stayed at Hotel Mela for two nights (Saturday and Sunday). From the instant we checked in to the second we departed, everyone on the staff was friendly and helpful. We have traveled extensively throughout the world and seldom have we found a friendlier hotel than Hotel Mela. Additiionally, our hotel room was beautiful, well designed, and well insulated from the sounds of Times Square. On a scale of 10, we would describe our experience at Hotel Mela as a 10. We will definitely stay there again and I wholeheartedly recommend this wonderful hotel to anyone who wants to stay in Midtown NYC.	
Feb 6 2009 	Hotel Mela was wonderful!	We went into NYC for a show and booked through Hotwire, for the first time. We were skeptical because the rate was so reasonable, but the reviews were so good we just had to go for it. We are so happy we did. The hotel is intimate, squeaky clean, and the staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful. We love going to New York on special occasions and seeing the Broadway shows, and are so happy we have found such a great new place to stay.	
Feb 4 2009 	Excellent Location And Excellent Staff Perfect Boutique Hotel	Myself and my partner stayed at this hotel in January for seven nights and from the minute we arrived to the minute we left they could not do enough for us both. The front of desk staff were excellent in particular benny, and Chris Swaim assistant manager in sorting out any issues. The location of this hotel could not be better it is thirty seconds walk from time square and 8 minute walk to the port authority bus station and subway.If you are a tourist this is an ideal hotel with an excellent location the pub and restaurants around this area can be exspensive look out for special deals and pre threatre deals a pint of beer is an average price of $ 8 but we found an excellent old fashioned traditional american pub four doors away from the hotel towards time square it is called JIMMYS CORNER and is fantasitic you can get a beer for a more sensible price of $ 3.60 a pint and at night they bring around free baskets of chrisps dont be put off by the outside of the pub it is a must. Another must for sensible food at sensible/cheap/budget price is the JACKSON HOLE which serves huge burgers, a platter which consists of chips salad and the biggest pure 100% meat burger you will ever see costs about $12 excellent value a must they also do a wide varity of other foods the locals use this restaurant in there droves as it is a little off the tourist path but it is well worth it. Another restaurant which is worth a visit is AKDENIZ which is a mediterranean turkish cusisine and they do a lunch time special $22 +vat for four courses which is excellent, starting with a bread selection, start, main, dessert, tea coffee food is excellent good big portions and the service by the waiters is excellent and they keep bringing you bread throughout your meal and keep filling your glass up with ice cold water, 19 west 46th street. Back to the hotel people said the rooms were very small but we got a free upgrade due to staying seven days and we had plenty of room and the room was of a very high standard ( if the hotel is not full and you have one of the smaller rooms they would upgrade). The breakfast was served next door in the hotels restaurant and was very nice and excellent quality about $40 for two but that includes tea orange juice toast full english breakfast. The hotel also does special offers and discounts so ask when you book in if they have a special offer on, they leave a morning paper every week day, there is a small fitness room where you can get water and a piece of fruit at no cost. Desires agents at front of house will get you a car or give you directions to whereever you want to go, they are there to make sure guests get their desires while on holiday hence the name.	
Feb 4 2009 	Brilliant location	The hotel Mela was just what we were looking for. We went for 3 nites on a short city break. The location was the best part, just a few steps from Times Square and within walking distance from most of the main sights. I would recommend this hotel to others. Just to warn though the room we were in was very small, but we didnt mind as we were not looking for a big luurious hotel just somewhere to come home to after a long day!	
Feb 1 2009 	Top quality centrally located hotel in NY	I recently stayed at the Hotel Mela and found it to be a fine example of what I'd hope from a Manhattan hotel. Staff: All the staff encountered (apart from one) were friendly, efficient and made an effort to go out of their way to assist. From reception to there doormen down to the hotel cleaning staff - all were pleasant.Room: My room was small, but yet sufficient in mid-town Manhattan terms. Extremely comfortable and well laid out. Free internet is a huge bonus.Location: Superb. Just steps away from Time Square, and close to buses, Subway stops etc. If you want a Midtown location - this is it!My only flaw was the business centre. I wished to check-in online for my flight and went down. Lots of airlines listed, but not mine. If you want to check-in online with any of the listed airlines it's free. Not on the list? You would have to pay the $8 fee to use the machines for a few minutes. I used the phone to call reception and was met with a verbal shrug (The response was &quot;yeah, I guess you'll have to pay...*dead air*&quot;). A &quot;oh, sorry your airline isn't on the list, we can do it for you&quot; might have been a more proactive, helpful response - especially as it's 1 sheet of paper we're talking about! It seems odd that the hotel feels it's fair to expect a customer to pay $8 for something other guests get for free. A small gripe, but for such a nice hotel, it seemed a very penny wise, pound foolish gesture. It kind of annoyed me - which is a shame as it marked an otherwise perfect stay.All in all - nice hotel, and if you get a good deal, it's certainly a very, very decent choice!	
Jan 26 2009 	bedbug bite	teeny tiny room -- had to hang our coats on the door knob. No chair. One good thing -- the windows open. One robe per room. Worst of all -- I was bitten by a bedbug. hard to reconcile hotwire's 4 star designation with the reality.	
Jan 25 2009 	Was impressed	Was a bit apprehensive but the hotel staff made our trip one that my 4 year old daughter will always remember. The location couldn't have been more perfect, the room was much better than I expected and my daughter now wants to move the family to the &quot;Big City&quot;. Thank you Hotel Mela!!!	
Jan 23 2009 	One problem: Couldn't stay longer!	Even this two-night trip to NYC was a splurge for us, so I hoped for the best after searching hotel &amp; plane rates and ratings online. Hotel Mela showed up as part of a &quot;save a few bucks&quot; air + hotel package on Expedia.First of all, everyone we encountered -- front desk, bellmen, housekeeping -- was very, very friendly. Not one bit of &quot;Since we're from NYC, you folks are yokels&quot; that can really put a damper on a getaway. We felt important and valued every minute.The location is tremendous: we didn't even have occasion to use the subway once we got in from JFK. An easy walk from the Port Authority bus terminal and iterally two minutes to Broadway theatres (the reason for the trip).I requested a queen room just because we have a queen at home -- why cram into a double on &quot;vacation&quot; -- and expected to barely have room to move. Surprise! Because we had booked through Expedia and something better was available, we had a king room which also included a desk and comfortable chair. (Not sure how that happened, but we had more than enough room!)Yes, the elevators are small, but how much room do you need? There are 3 of them, so even if one was full, the next was only moments away. No noise problems at all. I requested a &quot;courtyard&quot; room: I'm not sure what we were looking at, but we didn't face the street. We weren't in the room for the view, anyway.My 2 biggest concerns in a hotel are cleanliness and price. Mela gets A+ for cleanliness. On my budget, the price was a stretch, but when we can afford another &quot;Broadway getaway,&quot; I don't think I'm going to even try to look for a better price. This was reasonable for NYC (especially considering the Times Square location), so I don't think I'd risk an unknown when this was such a great stay!	
Jan 22 2009 	I Miss the Hotel Mela	If you are unsure whether or not to stay at the Hotel Mela, just do it. It's such a great hotel! We had the deluxe room, and it was so cute, so clean, so well decorated and the bathroom was great.I just loved it. It was the best thing about New York. When we go back we will be staying there again, for sure!	
Jan 18 2009 	Totally Loved It	I stayed from Thursday to Sunday the second week in December and in a nutshell, I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT. I arrived in a rainy day around 11:00 a.m., and I was able to get the room immediately as opposed to waiting until check-in time. I traveled with my daughter and they changed our room to double beds to accommodate our request upon arrival. Front desk personnel extremely courteous and helpful. Room was nice, clean, great decor as well a bathroom. Location is superb, steps from Time Square. I will definitely stay again and I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 11 2009 	Mela for Me	Began staying at the Mela in late 2007. I have found the property to be perfectly located in Mid Town, the personnel and staff are incredibly attentive and courteous. The rooms are very comfortable and the Hotel overall presents a great value to today's business traveler. It is the staff and the comfortableness of the Hotel that has made the Mela the perfect Hotel for me.Also happy to say, that since I began staying at the Mela-I have introduced it to several associates in my Company--and most have begun staying there as well during our 4-5 trips annually	
Jan 8 2009 	Stay at hotel Mela and guarentee you'll have the BEST time in NYC!!	Anna from Romania.I warmly recommend this hotel ! We ve been there for 9 nights and we spent new year s eve and my birthday . When we arrived at the hotel we had a surprise,because of staying 9 nights they upgradeed our room from deluxe to an executive room. It was like a wonderfull &quot;welcome to hotel mela&quot;!From the JFK airport we took a yellow taxi. We made 40-45min and the price was 45$ (it was a good value).The staff is so helpfull and very smileing. The guys from the concierge were fantastic! They helped us with everything we need it and they teach us what to do in NYC to have a great time. Tirone was &quot;the man&quot;! He is the best in this job. We sent 2 mails before we reach the hotel and asking diferent stuff and he emailed us back so quickly. When we arrived at the hotel and reached his help he was so patience with us and all the advice he gave us was great! Once again,reach for the guys at the concirge and i guarentee you'll have all the answers you need for spending time in NYC. They deserve all the tips you are willing to give them!The room was so comfy,the bed was huge with lots of pillows,we had a pretty small wardrobe but enough for what ne need it, we had also a desk and the bathroom was spotless. We had an executive room (i recomande to book a room like this) and it was perfect! It wasn t a small room at all,you have a lot off space even for dancing if u whan! :)) I didn t say that the room was very ,very clean.The location at this hotel makes all the money. You are like 1 minute from Times Sq,3 minute to the theaters on Broadway,5 minute from 5th avenue,7 minute from Rockefeller center.All this minutes walking..slowly :). You are in the heart off Manhattan.Heplfull tips for tourits:-we had a great time in Washington DC, a full day trip with 145$.-we diidn't take the touristic bus because it was very cold and windy so we both metro cards-7day card 24$-one and we started to see NYC.-for eating, the restaurants across the street is very good,the french and the italian one also. You have also a Subway on the way to Times Sq. You ll find a supermarket in Times sq.-try to get at a show at Radio City Hall,it s fantastic!-you should not miss Top of the Rock and Empire state building.-don t miss the Liberty statue.-the most impresionant was the small trip above Manhattan with the helicopter! Was amazing! 20 minutes-240$I hope i gave you all the details you need to have a great time like we had it!And don t miss staying at Mela hotel! You ll have the time off you re life!!	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Location and Comfy Beds	Hotel Mela was the perfect solution for us on Thanksgiving. We were seeing a play and the Hotel was just a few blocks from the theatre district and Times Square. The rooms are not huge but they are clean and decent. My measure for a great hotel has always been the beds. A lousy pillow can ruin a night’s sleep. I am happy to report that this was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. The staff couldn’t have been more friendly and helpful. The breakfast at the adjoining restaurant was fantastic. Hotel Mela is not The Waldorf, but it had an intimate feel to it that we enjoyed.	
Dec 31 2008	Hoitel Mela a great stay	Lovely hotel, well located on 44th... near 5th avenue shopping and broadway theater. The staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful-- even printing our boarding passes when we had computer trouble. Bed extremely comfortable and bathroom roomy.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great Location and Service	My wife and I stayed at Hotel Mela a couple of weeks ago and really enjoyed it. The location is fantastic and the staff were very attentive. The room was small but sufficient with modern decor. We will definately be back!	
Dec 17 2008 	Great Hotel	I stayed at Hotel Mela last weekend (12/12-12/14) with my mom. We visited NYC to celebrate her birthday and do some shopping. I absolutely loved this hotel! The location was so convenient to everything. Even though it was only 1/2 block from Times Square, the street was surprisingly quiet and we heard very little traffic noise. The front of the hotel was decorated beautifully for Christmas, so that left a great first impression! The lobby was sleek and stylish, but still very cozy. And it always smelled really good...like baked apple pie or something! And I can't say enough about the staff. There were always several staff members in the lobby ready to help with whatever we needed. Check in/check out was quick and simple. Everyone was just so courteous and helpful. The room was a little small, but we expected that and understand it's typical in the city. It was stylishly decorated, though, and VERY clean. I loved the beds - so comfy - and there were plenty of pillows. The bath products were amazing! What a great experience - I would definitely stay here again!	
Dec 12 2008 	The Mini-hotel wasn't for me. Good location. Mediocre at best.	My work moved offices near Times Square and I figured i'd try a few different hotels to figure out what is best. I tried the Hotel Mela on this trip and overall left unimpressed.The good: Staff is very friendly and helpful. Location is near Times Square. Very easy to get to.The bad: I didn't really enjoy my stay. The hotel's elevators are tiny. I'm not a big guy, but they were very cramped and could hold 3 or 4 people max.My room was tiny. I stayed in their standard queen room and it was the smallest room i've ever stayed in. It had no closet but instead had a tiny Armoire. The problem was this was filled with a safe and a wine chiller and wine glasses, thus hanging any clothing in it wasn't possible. Thus, I hung my clothes in the bathroom. The room also had a small flat panel screen and two tiny nightstands attached to the wall. The room was dark and not well lit. A nice light would have been great. The room had no room for my luggage and was about one foot larger than the bed, thus, there was no place to sit or walk around. It was the bed, a door and the bathroom. Not very comfortable - reminded me of the Ibis hotels in Europe + Ikea furniture. The bed was comfortable and clean though. But the floor had stains on the capet.The bathroom was marble and nice but not very clean. The shower had a number of hairs in it and some slight mold build-up. I couldn't get hot water at night, though it worked to some extent in the morning. The bathroom was small but fairly comfortable. H20 spa amenities were nice.Other problems are thin walls. I heard absolutely everything my neighbors were doing and could hear all conversations in the hallway.Also, there is construction next door which promptly woke me up at 7AM. The construction was extremely loud. If I knew about it, I wouldn't stay there until it was over.The Mela was in the middle of my price range. I think there are much better values around Times Square than this place. And rooms nearby at other hotels are much bigger.If I got an amazing deal (i.e. under $200) i'd consider staying here, but otherwise there are much better choices.	
Dec 2 2008	Nice Stay a little expensive for what we got!	Stayed at Hotel Mela for our honeymoon from 9th to the 16th of November. The location is fantastic, it's the best thing about the hotel! Literally a couple of minutes from Times Square. Reception staff were not overly friendly but were not rude either. Our room was small but more than adequate for the two of us, very clean and we couldn't hear too much noise from outside. We were out and about so much we hardly spent any time in the room! There's a restaurant next door to hotel but we didn't eat there. Virgils BBQ (take a left when you leave hotel), lovely food, huge portions though so be careful!! You might want to share! Red Flame (diner style) close to hotel (take a right when you leave hotel) very good for breakfast. We paid €2157.23 for seven nights, room only, having stayed at Hotel Mela I couldnt really fault it but I think we paid over the top for what we got, the only thing I could think is we were paying for the location which I said before was fantastic. I'm sure there are alot more reasonably priced hotels in Manhattan with equally as good a location. I would return to Hotel Mela only if we got a very very good deal!! John Paul was very helpful and friendly so thank you!! New York was great and will definitely return again.	
Nov 30 2008 	Mediocre at best	Went to NYC for a Holiday getaway and expected more for the $$. We arrived the Friday after Thanksgiving and they only had 1 person working the front desk. Staff was friendly, but overwhelmed, things took a long time; and definite favoritism given to ladies walking in with full length furs and entire Louis Vuitton luggage collections. Room was VERY small, but clean. The bed was extremely uncomfortable, pillows hard as rocks and thin. We switched rooms after the first night and those beds uncomfortable as well. I was surprised, as well, at the lack of local knowledge with the staff. There was only one concierge 'comfortable' answering questions and giving suggestions. The two times we asked for restaurant suggestions were disappointments. The first time the food was awful, we wanted to simply leave. The second time, the restaurant wasn't even open.I was disappointed and will never stay at Mela again.	
Nov 30 2008	LOVED IT	Stayed 2 nites at Hotel Mela before a cruise and loved it. Great location, friendly staff, right in the middle of Times Square. Room was decorated funky gotta love Boutique Hotels. Will defintely stay again next time in the Big Apple.	
Nov 24 2008 	Not interested in creating return business	In the past our company used this hotel for several regular meetings, booking blocks of rooms at a time. The one time our meeting was rescheduled, the hotel refused to even offer credit, despite the fact the rebooking was months in advance. Had they worked with us, they would've received about 40 nights per year from our company, instead, we will take our business elsewhere.	
Nov 23 2008 	Like everyone else's experience - clean a bit small but very nice	Free wireless, a clean room with a great bed and linens, and excellent for business or pleasure... what more could you want? I got this on a deal for about $240 a night and was extremely pleased with my experience. The location was not a major factor for me except that it allowed me to easily walk to the train station. It's right at Times Square though, so one hopes it doesn't become touristy over time. Definitely one to keep on your list though. Top marks all around.	
Nov 21 2008 	Would recommend and stay again	Staff very helpful. Arrived around lunchtime and was able to check in without any problems. Rooms are very small, so would go for bigger rooms next time. Very clean and excellent location. Close to 5th ave, times square etc	
Nov 20 2008 	In Town for Business	I booked my stay at Hotel Mela based upon many positive reviews. I was in town for a 1 day training, so I wanted a place close to Times Square, and wireless access was a must. I was staying by myself, so I reserved a double bed. The room was somewhat small, but it was fine for one person. The room was very clean and well kept. The staff was very friendly, and helpful. It was about half a block from the center of Times Square, so you are basically about a 1 minute walk from everything. Keep in mind that being this close to Times Square also means it won't be as quiet as some other places, but you usually don't go to NYC to sleep. Overall I'd say my Hotel Mela experience was more than worth the amount I paid for my one night stay. I plan on staying there again on my next trip to NYC.	
Nov 18 2008 	Loved Hotel Mela	Hotel Mela is a great boutique hotel in the heart of Manhattan. It is clean, quiet, and has great amneties. The service is exceptional. It is close to everything. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 17 2008 	great hotel in a great location	Stayed at the Mela from 09th to 12th November 2008. Hotel itself is located in an adjascent street right a few meters away from Time Square. We stayed in a Mela Suite which was not as big as I was expecting but like everybody says... it s New York. The room was extremely clean and for once we had an impeccable bathroom. Decoration was pleasant and furniture cozy.The room was located on the 14th floor and away from the street (back yard) it was even possible to sleep with open windows (I know we are Europeans !!). From reception staff to cleaning staff all were very helpful. We only used the restaurant next door for our breakfast and it was perfect. On the day of departure we were able to keep the room until 1400 which was great. All in all excellent hotel. The only negative points I have to make is first the size of the room and second the almost non existent possibility to store any clothes/luggage. I will definitively come back to this hotel in the furture.	
Nov 14 2008 	Excellent value great location	The Hotel Mela is located less than half a block from Times Square. The friendly staff was very helpful. The room was well appointed with a very comfortable bed, flat screen TV and a great work area (Executive room) with free WiFi that worked very well. I find this hotel ideal for business travel. Rates are reasonable and there is a very nice and reasonable restaurant just outside the front door (Bistro, which handles room service for the hotel).	
Nov 11 2008 	Great Weekend ijn NYC	My wife and I had the opportunity to stay at the Hotel Mela in Times Square, NYC, this past weekend. We have stayed there at times in the past, and as before we completely enjoyed our visit. The hotel location is great any time you would want to visit NYC, as well as the continuing high level of service provided by their entire interactive staff. Furthermore, the room we stayed in provided all that we would need for our visit. Overall a great weekend!	
Nov 7 2008 	Great Hotel and Location (but look out for the cab story)	Great modern boutique style hotel in a great location (you can see Times Square from the bedroom window albeit 100m away or so). A little pricey but that's no different to hotels generally in this area. Rooms are great. Only thing to watch out for is the story that's fed to weary travellers about catching a yellow NY cab or the hotel's valet airport service. We were told that the NY cabs running to the airport run on the meter so will be astronomically expensive in traffic. This is a lie - the yellow cabs are a flat rate ($55-60 including the bridge toll and the tip). The hotel car is $75. Soured the end of the trip slightly but otherwise a great hotel.	
Nov 6 2008 	Hotel MEla the BEST hotel in NY for the BEST price!	If you ever want to visit NY and have a pleasant stay in a hotel, you should definitely book the hotel Mela, it is perfectly situated, 44street (30 meters from times square) , very clean, twice a day the rooms are checked, rooms are comfortable, everything is in the room and you have your own private bathroom. The price is really good, cheap for what you get compared to other hotels in NY. we were there as a couple but the hotel has facilities for every one, fitness room, congress room and a restaurant next door. You can order breakfast deliverd to your room and the staff is friendly and trustworthy. (we forgot our sunglasses and watch but it was send overseas within 4 days) Overall it was a pleasant stay and we would definitely book the hotel for the next trip.the photo's on the website of the hotel and made by others on this site are the same but the rooms really are like that. What you see on the website of the hotel is what you get.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great Hotel!	My husband and I have just returned from a 4 night stay at Hotel Mela. The trip was to celebrate my husband's 40th Birthday. We had never visited New York before and were so impressed with the city and the Hotel. I would most certainly recommend this hotel without hesitation to anyone who is planning on visiting the city. The location is perfect and central to everything you need/want to see. Styling in the hotel is really good - modern and clean. Rooms were exactly as they appreared on the website.We arrived just after 2pm - the desk staff were friendly and efficient and our room was ready (I had read other reviews where the rooms were not ready, so was half expecting this). The room, although small, was very clean and had everything we needed. It was serviced every day of our visit with clean bed linen and towels. The concierge were great, helped us out when we were totally unprepared for very heavy rain! They also managaed to hail a cab at 5pm during rush hour!We hope to go back to New York one day and would book this hotel again! Loved it!!	
Nov 2 2008 	Great Stay at the Mela - Cant really fault	Good Points:Very helpful and friendly staff - always will to help on receptionExcellent location - just off Times Square to one side and 5th Ave the other, but not noisy at all.Small and cosy - not a large chain hotel so had quite a personal feel and wasn't over crowded.Rooms - We booked with the Amex rate so had a free upgrade to a King-size Superior room which was ample in size and nice and modern with a plasma TV and nice bathroom. Superb shower, very powerful and just what you needed after walking around all day!Bad Points:The view from our room was straight into another building and what we think was a dance studio who had a view straight into our room - but with the curtains closed this wasn't really a problem and we weren't there to stay in the room much any way!Overall we really enjoyed our stay here and we will defiantly be going back. Its also worth registering with their website for email updates as they give you promotional rates! If you do stay here check out the Red Flame Diner just one block to the right of Hotel Mela who serve a really good breakfast!	
Oct 28 2008 	A good boutique hotel for which I have mixed feelings	Stayed 1 night at Hotel Mela with my husband. We were in town to see a show. Since our stay was over a Saturday night, I did quite a bit of searching, both here on Tripadvisor and on the internet, for an acceptable rate for a good hotel. Since Hotel Mela is ranked in the top 50 hotels in New York here on Tripadvisor, I thought it would be a good choice. I was fortunate to secure a &quot;mela on sale&quot; rate for a superior queen room. I was prepared for the extremely small rooms as other posters had noted.Americans, be prepared: this hotel is smaller than what you are used to. The lobby is small, the front desk accommodates 2 people behind it at most, and the concierge desk is about 4 steps behind the front desk. There are 3 elevators, two of which are small, one is larger (an ADA requirement for wheelchair bound guests). The two small elevators can accommodate 4 people with one carry-on type bag each. If you have lots of luggage, wait for the large elevator, which is the one on the right. When we arrived at noon, the front desk advised us that our room was not ready, but that we could have another room instead. It turned out to be an executive King room, which is two room categories up from what we booked. The upgrade was free. This room was probably the same size as other hotels I have stayed in in New York, including both the Hilton Times Square and the Westin Times Square. The room was beautifully appointed; posters' photos accurately depict the room and bathroom. We found there to be enough space to handle our toiletries in the bathroom, and plenty of space in the main bedroom for us and our things. Again, if you were staying for an extended period of time, I would recommend this size room. The room was also very clean. This room was an &quot;interior&quot; room as I think another poster described, so the view was none to speak of and there was minimal natural light in the room. It did make for a very quiet night of sleep, though. Here's where I start to have mixed feelings about the hotel: Service was hit or miss. We did not get the same service that others on this site have raved about (i.e., all employees smiling, saying hello, etc). Our front desk clerk on check-in was adequately polite. When we checked out, the same clerk who checked us in simply asked if we had any other charges, and when we said no, thanked us for our stay and that was it. The couple who checked out behind us were helped by the other front desk clerk, who asked how their stay was, offered to hail a cab, etc. Not that I really care for the in-your-face-what-can-I-do to-help-you? style of service, but I do like to be checked up on and at least offered some courtesies. We also had a strange incident in our room. When we returned from the show at around midnight, we noticed that our room was turned down (ice in the bucket, chocolates by the bed) but that the bathroom floor was covered in about an inch of water. We called the front desk and they sent and engineer. The engineer could not find the source of the water, and then called for a mop and bucket to clean it up. He did, and the bathroom was restored to order in about 15 minutes. However, the front desk never checked up on us, or offered to move us, or extend any other courtesies for this inconvenience. To their credit, they did handle the situation very quickly and professionally. There were some room quirks that also lead to my mixed overall impression: The flat screen TV stands on the minibar. The snack basket part of the refreshment center sits in front of the TV. You have to move the snack basket every time you want to watch TV. The in-room coffee maker did not work well. The door to the room itself had gaps around it on the top and sides, letting light in. I realize that these are quite minor and personal issues, and you may not feel that these are huge concerns for you, but I wanted to explain why I feel the way I do about the hotel.Overall, as I said, I have mixed feelings. Would I stay here again? If my first choices in the City were not available (Westin or Hilton) and I got a good rate, then I would. You really cannot beat the location -- 1/2 block from times square. It is very clean and modernly decorated. It does offer room service from 7am to 11pm, and the prices were pretty comparable to other room service menus I have seen. Do not let my review discourage you. Hotel taste is very personal. I guess I prefer the big brand hotels, but I do like a good boutique hotel with great amenities and outstanding service. This is a good boutique hotel. It had great amenities. However, I think service could have been better, since this is where I think boutiques have the ability to compete and win repeat guests. Try it. It's definitely a good option for a New York stay.	
Oct 25 2008 	Great Hotel!	Booked this hotel as part of Virgin Holidays package. Was really impressed with our stay. The hotel is in a fantastic location, 1 min from Times Square. The staff are all very friendly and helpful. The room itself was small but is to be expected in New York. The bathroom was amazing! It was very clean and we ordered room service twice and it was excellent. I've stayed in other hotels in New York, that I have been happy with, but this was by far the best.	
Oct 21 2008 	Everything you need!	Stayed at the Mela last year with my other half. Yes the rooms are small, but not as small as I expected! We were there for 4 days sightseeing and had plenty of room for what we needed (which was one suitcase going out and two coming back packed full of bargains!)Location excellent - Time Square 2 mins walk away but on a quiet enough street so that you can sleep!The maid service was amazing! Went out the first day and came back to find the room not only spotless but the clothes we had left on the floor folded on the bed (we didnt leave clothes on the floor after that as we felt bad!)All in all we were more than happy for the price (hotel + flights 600 each). Staff were helpful and even sorted tickets to a show for us!	
Oct 19 2008 	Tiny rooms (but don't take this against the hotel since it's typical for NYC)	I booked a Superior room. Tiny. Just enough room for me and my large sized trolley bag, carry-on bag and laptop case. (I was travelling for three weeks on a combination of business and pleasure. Hence, the extra luggage). If you're two adults and you're brigning more than one carry-on luggage each between the two of you, may I advice that you book at least a Deluxe (make that an Executive) room? I can almost guarantee that a Superior room will not have enough space to comfortably fit the two of you and all your luggage.That having been said, Hotel Mela's superior rooms are actually quite well-sized for New York at its price range. As a result, one can't really complain about the size of the rooms.As for the room itself, it was actually nicely equipped and very clean. It had a 26-inch LCD TV (large enough without overpowering the room, not to mention that the channel selection included HBO), mini-fridge, fully stocked mini-bar, a closet and a safe large enough to accomodate a laptop. The closet, however, is close to useless. Once you factor in the safe, the bathrobe, the ice bucket and the glasses, there's just about enough room to hang one jacket. That's it. Nothing more. The bed was quite large and comfortable. I like the flexible stalk reading lights. The bathroom was pretty nice and larger than I expected it to be. Combination tub and shower, by the way, rather than simply a stand-alone shower. The wallper and the floor's tile pattern give the bathroom a degree of personality that I appreciate. It was likewise well stocked with the necessary toiletries. All in all, the room was very clean, well maintined and looked quite new. However, it was an interior room in a low floor (3rd). Hence, no view, very little sunlight plus some sort of machinery right outside. The good thing was that the machinery was never on during the night (or maybe it was and I was able to sleep through the hum).The staff were nice in that they actually took the time to greet their guests and smile. Did I mention the free internet access via Wi-Fi?Location wise, it's great if you love Times Square. The hotel's not exactly on Times Square but very close to it. Hence, you get easy accessibility to Times Square without having to deal with the crowds and the noise of Times Square.All-in-all, I'd have to rate the Mela a 3.5 rather than a 4. The less 0.5 is for the tiny rooms. Yes, yes, even if I know the room size is about standard for New York City at its price point (i.e. USD350+ per night). After all, I can still express my displeasure at that state of affairs, can't I?	
Oct 9 2008 	Fantastic	I really like this hotel, the rooms are small but I think that is typical for NYC. My room was light and fresh and immaculately clean. The staff were very friendly and courteous and couldn't do enough to help. Check in was quick and easy and the location is fantastic. I am a regular business visitor to NYC and this is my favourite boutique hotel so far. I don't know how it compares price-wise to the others, but i don't think you'd be disappointed with your stay here. My tip for NYC is to get out of Times Sq and head two blocks down to 9th in the evening, you get much better food, away from the bustle and experience what NYC is really all about!	
Oct 8 2008 	Big hotel with lack of space	Very good place to stay, nice and modern rooms, very helpful and patient staff and the best location. The only downside is really the size of the superior room: too small.No place at all! Even to left the luggage. Image in a city like NY where you always come back to the hotel in the end of the day with, at least, one shopping bag. It’s impossible to feel comfortable in a room with the floor full of things. It did not ruin our trip, of course, but if you concern about space over money then get a suite or executive room.	
Oct 7 2008 	Nice Hotel...	Stayed here 4 nights for a business trip. Friendly staff. Got an early check in at 9am at no added cost. Hotel is centrally located in the middle of Times Square but tucked away in a smaller street so it's not as noisy or hectic. Very modern, clean, and well decorated. Nice H2O ammenities. The only problem I had was the dark room. Lighting was poor and no sunlight from the window since there's another building in very close proximity to the hotel. For the price at $525 a night, I would probably stay at a bigger hotel with a view (or sunlight)	
Oct 4 2008 	One night stop in NY	Stopped one night on Manhattan en route on a business trip.Usual small room I have stopped in in previous visits to NY, but smart, clean and comfortable.Location of hotel just off Times Square but far enough away from the bustle.Staff very friendly and courteous, breakfast served next door or as room service.	
Sep 28 2008 	Book Hotel Mela for your stay in NY city.	We just got back from a two night stay from Sept.25 to the 27th. Hotel Mela is within walking distance to anything and everything , 1/2 block from Time Square. There's a food and beverage market type store about three doors down. You can buy wine, water, fruits, cereals, bagels, medicine, anything really. As for the staff at Hotel Mela, well, they just care. They're efforts are genuine and you can feel that they really want to make your stay a positive experience. I happened to be there on my 40th birthday, and around 5pm, there was a knock at our door. It was the concierge delivering a delicious melt in your mouth chocolate cupcake and a Birthday card signed by several of the staff. It was a nice extra touch. Tirone at the Your Desires desk was also helpful and pleasant. Check in was quick and professional. The room was NOT too small, clean and well decorated. The elevators are small, but 5 adultes fit fine (with no luggage). It's about a 10-15 minute walk from the NY Penn Train station. I would return to this hotel with no hesitations. Did I mention the awesome price of 159$ night (on the 26th).	
Sep 28 2008 	Nice Hotel	Mela offers small, but very nice and fresh rooms. Cleaning was perfect, and concierge offered good service for us, booking our restaurants etc.Hotel is located perfectly, just a 100 meters from Times Square, and a walk away from everything...Really recommend a visit to Nobu restaurant and Buddha Bar Restaurant. Both places offers great food and a fantastic atmosphere.	
Sep 25 2008 	Great Hotel Frienfly Staff	My friend and I just returned from a 5 day stay at the Hotel Mela. Great location, very helpful staff. Reviews we read on line made our decision to book here. Glad we did. A tad pricey for the amenities available, but we would return.	
Sep 22 2008 	Warning: Do Not Stay At Hotel Mela	Our stay at Hotel Mela was a nightmare! We booked a superior room online through Expedia.We arrived around 10PM at night for check in. The front desk manager told us that the hotel was booked to capacity and all he could offer us was the room with a double bed. He told us that the Mela double bed was &quot;about the size of a queen bed&quot; so we were not too upset. However, upon entering the room, we saw a tiny bed around the size of a twin mattress. We immediately contacted the hotel manager for a room switch. The manager was both rude and unhelpful and said there was nothing he could do that night. Needless to say, this was completely unacceptable and ruined our first night in the city. Another huge dissapointment was the hotel quality. Advertised as a 4 star property, it did not meet the standards of a typical 4 star hotel in NYC. Hotel Mela lacked in decor, ambiance, and taste. I've stayed in many other hotels in the city and hotel mela does not compare. The rooms were extremely small even by nyc standards and similar to the size of a closet. Overall our stay was horrible and I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, unless you like overpriced, tiny rooms and rude staff.	
Sep 18 2008 	Mela was Great!	The Hotel Mela was an amazing hotel right in the heart of the City. I have been to NYC several times but truly enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Mela. The hotel is very unassuming from the outside, but you walk in to a very modern entrance / lobby and are promptly greeted by extremely courteous staff.Check-in was a breeze but as we headed up to our room we began to encounter the only negative that we had heard, the tiny stature! The elevators were barely big enough to fit 2 people and luggage.The hotel design is very modern, simple and clean. The room was more of the same, great style and very little space. The bathroom was decent sized for the size of the room and very functional. We had an interior room and had no noise issues, although it was a bit dark even with the lights on though. All in all you aren't staying this close to Times Square to hang out in your room and getting around was very easy. The staff was great about getting cars when we needed them and everything seemed like it was within easy walking distance.The stay was perhaps highlighted by the staff's reaction to an injury sustained on the last evening of our stay. They truly went above and beyond to make sure we were comfortable and assist us in getting to the airport.The bottom line is that the Hotel Mela is an amazing looking hotel, in a great location with a great price. All of that comes with the only (very minor) negative of low square footage in your room.I would definitely recommend the Hotel Mela to fellow travelers.	
Sep 15 2008 	Fantastic service	I am a travel agent booking hotels all over the world, so we are very very fussy. This hotel offers customer service at its' best. Great location, great service, nothing is too much bother. The rooms are great, cheaper than some of the well known names and frankly far better. Stay here and give yourself a treat with staff who really do genuinely care. We will continue to book our clients here, as it gives a great satisfaction to offer them such an outstanding property.	
Sep 4 2008 	Times Square Gem	Very pleasant place to stay for business. The hotel is in the middle of Times Square but does not seem hectic or too loud. I stayed there for work and the hotel room accommodates guests that need workspace. My only suggestion is to move the clunky desk lamp as it takes up too much room for a laptop. The business center is also easy to use however I was told by management that they just removed the mouse pads. Please make them available for customers that want to use them. I plan on staying at Hotel Mela in October for another stay. This is a nice place and very reasonable priced hotel.Staff is professional and efficient. Room service is really fast and the food is great.	
Aug 28 2008 	Excellent Cozy Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Mela in July. This is a great little boutique hotel. Very clean, retro decor, safe and great staff. We were expecting the room to be tiny since everyone states that they are, but it was fine. It is not huge but all you need is a bed, bathroom and window, really. The size was perfect for us. So close to Times Square, we walked everywhere around NYC. For an idea if you've never been to NY, here are some approximate walking times for areas: Times Square is about 1 minute from the hotel, Central Park is about 15 minutes from the hotel, Chinatown and Little Italy are about 1-2 hours from the hotel and the financial district is about 5 hours from the hotel. These are all &quot;walk-shop-stop for a drink&quot; times, of course. Overall, great stay at this hotel. I recommend. Tip: walk everywhere to see the city, then take the Grayhound Bus Tours to see the city from a different view. And, eat eat and eat in Little Italy! Enjoy!	
Aug 27 2008 	The truth about the standard rooms- an objective review	If you were to believe many older reviews of the Hotel Mela, you would be put off wanting to stay there- this nearly happened to me. I was gutted once my booking had been confirmed as just after I had booked a week there I read things that completely scared me e.g. the size of the rooms, lift size, views etc. Interestingly, the reviews written this August (at the same time I stayed) have been fantastic and I would like to contribute as objectively as I can to the set of recent reviews. Others staying at the same time as me have rated the Mela as 5/5, I'm going to give it a 4. I do not doubt others have considered this an excellent hotel and to be fair many aspects of this hotel were excellent but there is still further room for improvement which I will write about below. My partner and I stayed in a standard room- the room type which most people seem to complain about the most and often consquently get themselves upgraded straight away.On arrival to the hotel we were greeted by a friendly man who took our bags straight from the taxi into the lobby. The lobby is quite small and we had to wait 5 minutes to check in. However, we were immediately able to see that the staff at the Mela were prepared to devote their time to helping guests book various local entertainments and offer strong advice. My partner and I were impressed at how friendly the staff were and realised that it was a positive thing that they were prepared to put time and energy into each guest. When walking to the lifts we expected just the one, small lift as described by others but there were 3 (maybe 4) lifts. Whe I opened the door to our standard room for the first time we realised it was small but not unbearbly small as some reviews had suggested. It was not so rediculously small that you were 'knocking into one another the whole time' and we did not have to 'walk sideways'. My partner and I are not exactly small either and so I would completely like to confirm that size is not and issue if you opt for a standard room. Before leaving we had a good idea of the layout as this is shown clearly on the Hotel website www.hotelmela.com (an excellent website!) I suggest you look at the website in detail if size is important to you. Storage on the other hand...grrrr.....this is where you have to except the fact that you will be living out of your suitcase. There is only a tiny amount of space in the cupboard to hang things up and it's not worth taking the risk of damaging the wine glasses. There is no desk or chair so if you are a business person then a standard room would possibly irritate you. However, there is a huge Japanese pillow that you could rest your back on when sitting on the bed which I found can work well if you want to do some work....whether it's intended for that purpose??The bathroom was fabulous, a very fresh decor with nice smelling bath soaps. Generally I would say the bathroom and the bedroom had a wonderful contemporary look to them but then there was the view............OMG...........I saw the rooms to the left, right and opposite and above for about ten floors or so. All rooms had privacy curtains which was not the issue- it was actually the lack of light which bothered me- you couldn't guess the time of day by looking outside as there was no light from the lower floors-however, most of the room lights were stunning and detracted from this issue.The minibar had some quite good stuff in it which was not too expensive although the camera is sold for half the price in the Rockefeller centre! The movie system was quite good too as was the gym. I didn't try the room service as I was put off by the three different taxes you had to pay to make an order. I think the real gems in the Hotel Mela are the cleaners. Our cleaner was exceptional, always friendly and very professional in her work. I was a bit disappointed when leaving reception as the tip I gave reception was quickly dumped and discarded to the side without a thank you. Luckily I tipped the cleaner separately. As this was our first trip to New York we felt very fortunate to be in the centre of everything. This hotel was literally a one minute walk (if you turn left) to Times Square with many exciting local attractions e.g. the Toys r us store with the big wheel, the m&amp;m's store, Madame Tusauds, the international centre of photography etc. One day we even walked 40 blocks up to and around central park so using the subway isn’t a complete 'must'. The Mela was a very good place to relax after the many busy days you will experience in New York. I possibly would stay there again but it would totally depend on the price on offer and I would consider opting for a larger room with the hope of a better view.	
Aug 26 2008 	Wonderful hotel experience	I spent this past Saturday night, August 23rd, at the Mela hotel in New York City. We were having a girls weekend, and the four of us stayed the night. From the moment we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted with such a warm feeling. The front desk girls were so polite, and helpful. Tirone helped us with our plans for that evening. He reccommended an amazing italian restaurant. He set us up at one of the best clubs, and told us all about the nightlife information we wanted to know. John Paul was so helpful as well. He helped us with our bags, and gave us directions, and was so pleasant about it. The rooms were very clean. The room service was extremely fast. Every employee of the hotel always greeted us with a smile. I think the hotel experience is what makes the trip. I couldn't have asked for a better hotel. I was extremely happy with the entire stay. I will absolutely be booking future trips with the Mela hotel.	
Aug 25 2008 	Love the Mela	First time to NYC and had a fabulous time. Hotel Mela was a great place. Rooms are small, but you have everything you need. Most important the rooms were very clean. The staff were very freindly and helpful - always willing to help at anytime no matter how late it was. We will be definately be returning to Hotel Mela NYC and would/will recommend it to freinds and family.	
Aug 25 2008 	Hotel Mela All the Way!!!	Great Location! Amazing Hotel! Superb Service! Great Value! Definately will be staying there on future visits! Wouldn't stay anywhere but Hotel Mela!!!	
Aug 21 2008 	Lovely hotel lovely location	Confused by the various websites and guidebook recommendations I asked a friend if they would recommend the place they stayed at in NY recently (March). He did and since the price seemed not too unreasonable given the location I booked online through the website. There were a few complications with our arrival and so I rang the hotel to ask questions regarding possible changes to our booking and found the staff very helpful. This continued on our arrival and we found the hotel more than lived up to expectations. The location is fantastic, a stones throw from Times Square and central Manhattan, while having no noise problems and the hotel was clean, well-equipped and very comfortable. I will definitely be recommending it to other friends heading that direction. An added bonus is a lovely Scottish bar and restaurant next door.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great experience	The hotel was excellent - the room is new and very clean. Small, but nice. The staff from the front desk down to the cleaning staff are very friendly and quick to help. They booked us a restaurant one night which was fabulous. I would have no problem recommending this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 21 2008 	Personal Service at Hotel Mela	I travel to New York on business and this was my second stay at the Mela. When I called them, I told them that my room the first time was very small and almost felt claustrophobic. They promised to give me a bigger room this time. When I arrived, they gave me a suite to make up for the first time! Now that's what I call customer service! The room was spacious and very comfortable, and of course having a separate living room was very very nice! They also had me fill in a personal prefernce form prior to my arrival, so there waiting in a gift bag was my favorite snack and drink - nice touch, and certainly welcome after spending a day in the city working. The lobbly is small so the staff get to know you - very personal. I will definitely go back!	
Aug 15 2008 	Great location	This is a great location if you want to be close to Times Square and Broadway without being right in the middle of the noise &amp; crowds. Everything is within walking distance. Plenty of restaurants, shopping and shows nearby. Rooms were much smaller than we were used to, but it was basically a place to just rest our head at night &amp; freshen up between all the activities we were taking in during our week-long visit. Hotel staff were very friendly and went out of their way to make our stay more enjoyable. We will definitely stay there when we return to NYC and will recommend it to our friends.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great New Hotel	From making the reservation to checkout, my experience with the Hotel Mela was excellent. I don't think I've ever been treated so politely and thanked as much as the staff did. The room was nice and modern, and if you travel to the city often, you know what you are getting size-wise. The room is very bright and cheerful and the bathroom is nice sized as well. I have stayed in another botique hotel one block closer to 5th, and this hotel is brighter, more spacious, and I was not using a sink the size of a Campbell's Soup can!! Great bath amenities as well.The Hotel Mela will definitely be my new NYC hotel!! Incredible value!!	
Aug 6 2008	Sweet Little Hotel in the heart of the Big Apple	Hotel Mela was a pleasant surprise on my latest trip to NYC.Nestled in the heart of Manhattan and only a stones throw from Times Square, Hotel Mela provided easy access to my Manhattan accounts. Most were within walking distance or a very short cab ride. The accommodations at Hotel Mela were first class. The decor was trendy, the bed soft and comfortable, and the staff was very friendly. I will make sure I stay at Hotel Mela on future trips.	
Aug 6 2008 	Nice place in the middle of it all.	A clean, modern and comfortable room. The service was all right and it is pretty close to everything!	
Aug 6 2008	Mela is great	I visit NYC on business frequently and have had the pleasure of staying at Hotel Mela two times now-three next month! I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful and the rooms are clean and have everything you could want. I have recommended this hotel to many people who also travel to NYC, either on business or pleasure trips. I will continue to frequent it and recommend it to all. It is cost effective, in a great location (W44th St near Times Square) and has a friendly helpful staff. The restaurant, French Bistro style, attached is also a rare find.	
Aug 6 2008 	Excellent value very well-situated and well-maintained hotel	The hotel is very well-located. Rooms are small, but clean, very comfortable. Staff was very accommodating. Fitness room small but well-equipped. Restaurant beside hotel provides room service and has an excellent menu.	
Aug 5 2008	I get Mela	I stayed with the Hotel Mela during the July 4th weekend. I am a hotel guy myself in Washington DC. The first thing I noticed was the activity on 44th street when I drove in and the fact that I was in the heart of Times Square. The last time I was in the city was 4 years ago and I stayed at the Mansfield Hotel. When I stopped in front of the hotel I was immediately greeted by a bellmen who was well groomed and very pleasant. The check in process was warm as the bellmen immediately got my name and introduced me to the front desk. It was busy in the lobby and there was lots of activity. It appeared they had a manager in the lobby to ensure guests were being handled ...we in the luxury industry consider that to be a nice WOW factor. At any rate the front desk agent John Paul (also called JP) was so welcoming. So far I was happy to be at the hotel. I was also the lucky candidate to get upgraded to the Executive Room. After reading all the reviews from this site on the Mela I was happy to be upgraded. MY ROOM WAS GREAT and so spacious. Many people mentioned their small room. I have to throw it out there &quot;YOU PAY FOR WHAT YOU GET&quot;!! I was planning on paying for the upgrade but since this was the weekend apparently the hotel as room sometimes to upgrade complimentary. I also booked the hotel via there website knowing that my chances were better in getting that upgrade.I also wanted to mention though it was busy I felt as if I were in a residental building which was really cool. I couldn't afford a resident in Manhattan so I was pleased to pretend.When I got to the room I was very happy. The room was very spaciious great design element. Warm colors and a crazy yet fun (they call it) spoil me basket. The room had all the bells and whistles but more importantly one of my favorite products called h2o bath amenities!!!!! If you haven't tried look it up as it is great. Great flat screen tv and it even had a tv extended arm very hip.Oh I failed to mention I was only in for two nights but man it felt like so much more. I needed to secure tickets to In the Heights so I called down and asked for the concierge. Another cool thing they don't use that name instead their called &quot;agent of desires&quot;. So I spoke to Tirone who was simply to accommodating and was kind enough to book my tickets for Saturday via the box office. My friend finally showed up late that Friday and was also quite impressed with the hotel. I was very surprised that every employee seem to take the time to say hello or have a great day or some other greeting...I am talking about every employee. My friend and I went to dinner at the Bistro next door which was the hotels restaurant as we were craving french cuisine. Good experience because the food was great the service ok.When we returned to the hotel we finally got to get in bed and man I was the happiest guy ever as I was walking all over. The beds are pillow top with some great sheets and comfy pillows lots of them. I ended up sleepying past 12pm and quickly called down and apologized as check out out was at 12pm...opps. They were very accommodating and even asked if I wanted to extend at a deep discounted rate as they were slow. You probably can't appreciate that as hoteliers strive to get their staff to ask these things and it is not the easiest task. I really enjoyed the Mela and simply wish I could live here...fantasy again. I will be coming back during the Labor Day Weekend as their running some great deals!! Oh I signed up for the Desires Program which is guest promotions program that gives you the best pricing during various days and weeks throught out the year. I have come back to my hotel and am using the good things that I discovered at this great hotel. Special thanks to JP, Tirone and our housekeeper Mindy!!	
Aug 4 2008 	Great stay	Stayed two nights here for a girlfriends' weekend. Other than slight issues with the beds (we had asked for two singles, but had to do with a double and a rollaway), the place was wonderful. Cute decor, helpful front desk, and walking distance to everything. Yummy French bistro next door (Saju)!	
Aug 4 2008 	Just As Wonderful The Second Time!	My daughter and I first discovered the Hotel Mela in the summer of 2007. We were in the city for a broadway show and absolutely loved the hotel. It was stylish, very clean and the staff could not have been more gracious. The location is perfect, right in the heart of the theater district and close to restaurants and shopping. When we were planning our trip to the city for this summer we knew right away where we wanted to stay. I will admit I was a bit concerned that maybe it would not hold up to the standards of last summer. I am happy to say everything was as fresh and clean and again, the staff could not have been more helpful and courteous. We are already looking forward to a return trip next summer!	
Aug 4 2008 	Gem of a hotel - will return	Excellent value. great location and service. We had booked a room with a king size bed so the room size was fine. Terrific location for catching shows. Had breakfast in the restaurant and really enjoyed the meal and the service.	
Aug 4 2008 	Wonderful Staff! Great Hotel!!	The hotel was beautiful and in a great location. The rooms were small but luxurious. The hotel staff was sublime. The concierge services, or as they call it &quot;agents of desires&quot; were fantastic especially a fine gentleman named John Paul. I look forward to staying here the next time I am in Manhattan! There is a wonderful Scottish restaurant /tavern next door that I could not seem to leave!	
Aug 2 2008 	Loved the Mela!	We stayed for five nights in the hotel. We traveled with our 19 month old son. The hotel was very child friendly. I was a little worried about the noise, given the location, but we couldn't hear a peep! We would go back in a heartbeat! The staff were incredibly friendly, the rooms were clean and you could not beat the location! The front desk staff were always helpful, giving us tips on where to go for meals, what places to see, etc. We did not feel the room was small. It was a great size. We look forward to our visit again!	
Aug 1 2008 	Great times square visit	As a first time Hotwire user, I was pleasantly surprised by HotelMela. It turned out to be, yes small, but clean and comfortable,and just a short walk from anything to see in New York. Itprovided a great place to sleep and recover from our endlesstreks of sightseeing and plays. Really nice,.	
Jul 30 2008 	Kind of liked the Hotel Mela	Check was very slow - they seemed as though there was not a room available, but the room number typed on the document that I had to sign for credit card validation had indidcated to same room that they gave me keys for.I entered the room and it had been used as a smoking room! I asked to be moved. They downgraded me to a standard room on anohter floor.Check out was even longer - 20 minutes +/-. then the internet was down, so they emailed my bill to me.Just was not a smooth operation!!!	
Jul 30 2008	Perfect Location	This was my first time in New York City, but I have travelled extensively as a Travel Agent all over the world. This hotel was fabulous. Yes, the rooms where small but very upscale. There was no external noise even though this hotel is 1/2 block from Time Square. The staff always had a smile and where extremely accommodating. If you like small boutique hotels with atmosphere and at a great price, this is the place for you. I will definitely be recommending this hotel to my clients.	
Jul 29 2008 	Hotel Mela - Great oasis off Times Sq	Hotel Mela is a half block off Times Sq. Check-in and general staff service was superb - asked for a room with 2 twin beds and was able to get it. Room was very nice - smallish, but that's NYC. Very clean, well-lit, nice decor and layout (light blue wallpapers, very pretty and soothing), excellent housekeeping service. Tiny but efficient elevators. View across the street to a theater; first room we were in had a view across the alley to the brick wall next door. Who comes to NYC for the view from the hotel room anyway? 7th floor room overlooking street leading to Times Square at Mela was quieter than 48th floor room at Millenium across the street. As you leave the Mela nice but pricey bistro next door to the right, very nice grocery store / deli next door to the left, with hot tea and snackies on your way back to the room. Superb location for theaters, subways, shopping. This is my favorite of 3 hotels in NYC so far and I would very happily stay here again on future visits.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great Value and Location	Great location and value for a weekend stay. The room was fairly typical size for NY. However, very modern bath and room accessories. The staff was very friendly. I would definately consider a return visit to this hotel.	
Jul 21 2008 	Not a four star but a nice relaxing hotel with a good staff in NYC	This hotel has a great location near the theater district yet is still somewhat removed from the bustle of Times Square. The staff was extremely nice as well as helpful. The hotel has modern furnishings and is tasteful. The ELEVATORS ARE EXTREMELY TINY.......even the little people from the Wizard of Oz would have felt cramped. The fitness area is nice and the hotel has two computers available for use w/printer.....if you have your laptop wireless internet is available in the rooms.Our room was small and had no view but the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was a decent size. Everything was tastefully decorated. Also the standard 12:00 p.m. checkout was nice.The hotel restaurant (Saju) is actually pretty good and attracts actors from the theater across the street. We had the seafood pasta and the pork tenderloin. The food was excellent but our waitress was more interested in chatting up the bar patrons than checking on us. St. Andrew's pub is right next door and is a good place to grab a sandwich or late night pint.All and all we had a very enjoyable stay at the Hotel Mela but I have to confess that I would not stay here again unless we got a good rate on hotwire, etc. Anything more than $200 a night for a room here is not worth it. Also the hotel, though nice should be classified more as a 3 or 3.5 star as opposed to a 4 star.	
Jul 20 2008 	All was well at the Hotel Mela	We booked a girls trip to NYC and stayed at the Hotel Mela. Due to a booking error, we didn't have enough beds for all of us during the All Star game. While most hotels might have said so sad too bad, the Hotel Mela staff bent over backwards to get accomodations for all six. They put us up in the penthouse, and took care us all week. The Hotel Mela has an excellent staff from housekeeping to concierge, they are top notch people pleasers. The rooms and elevators are pretty small, but the personal service we received made up for the close quarters. We came to know many staff by name, and they treated small town ladies like VIPs.	
Jul 20 2008 	Pleasant stay at Hotel Mela	Stayed overnight at the Hotel Mela while visiting my son who works in Manhattan. I chose this hotel because of its proximity to the Minskoff Theater and the Lion King. The show has a permanent home at that theater right on Broadway at the heart of Times Square. This hotel, tucked in a quiet part of West 44th Street, is so very close to Times Square and that is a big plus. It has a very small entrance and lobby area and the elevators are small, but it is very clean and well done visually. I had a deluxe King room which was certainly big enough for two people to relax comfortably. The air conditioning with digital wall thermostat was great and the room was very clean with modern, up to date interior design. No exciting NYC view if you are looking for that, go somewhere else. Everything I needed was in the room, but no coffee or tea if you want that. Bountiful snack and wet bar, but I would never pay for that. It was nice to be able to stick my drink inside the fridge though...the bed was moderately comfortable but I have back problems and most beds bother me. Lots of pillows. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 20 2008 	As good as "W" just short of "hip"	Having lived in the city for 8 years, I now stay in hotels when I return, and usually stay at the Grammercy Park Hotel (very fine, totally cool place). This time I was in the mood to stay near Times Square so I tried Hotel Mela. It is absolutely the most convenient little hotel steps away from all the broadway action, so is perfect for tourists for that reason. My first impression was that it was fresh, new and intimate, and extremely friendly, starting at the front desk. I paid $269 at Travelzoo.com, and got a king sized bed in a small room, but not too small for comfort. The room felt very clean and new, with a small desk, free wi-fi, a small flat screen tv, nice little closet and a comfortable but not entirely deluxe bathroom. Nice products there. I didn't really appreciate the huge basket filled with pricey temptations, it took up too much space to move it out of the way! The bed was extremely comfortable, the room was quiet and dark at night. There really is nothign to complain about, and it is positively a big step above the usual chain hotel.	
Jul 18 2008 	Great Location great stay!	The hotel is in an excellent location - a stone's throw away from Times Square! We had a party of 4 and had booked the Mela suite. W arrived very early and had to wait for the roon to be free. The hotel management offered us 2 rooms rather than the suite so we can settle in as we were so early. We were given an executive suite and told to collect the key for the other room later that day. Later that day, I got the key to other room and discovered that the room was MUCH smaller than the executive suite. When I mean small I mean after putting a suite case in the room there would be no room to walk around! I asked for my room to be changed and the hotel accomadated my request!I was shown the Mela and Desires suite and must say that the Mela suite was very small and the Desires was a little bigger but still not as big as I had expected. We were fortunate that we were given 2 rooms as we had much more space - with all the shopping to do in NYC, space in the room is a must!The staff were wonderful! Always polite and very helpful! The hotel is modern and the house keeping was excellent as well! A great location - being a stone throw's away from Times Square! I would defnitely stay there again!	
Jul 14 2008 	Loved It!	We stayed at the Hotel Mela for 6 days and were completely delighted by our experience. They upgraded us to an executive suite, which was small, but lovely. The location cannot be beat. The room was very quiet and extremely clean. I cannot impress upon you enough how wonderful the staff was. From the maid-service to the desk clerk and concierge, everyone was great! There was always someone to greet you as you left or entered the hotel and they were all very friendly and so helpful.Please consider staying at the lovely Hotel Mela, you'll be glad you did!	
Jul 14 2008 	Great Little Hotel No One Has Ever Heard Of	I found Hotel Mela on a Hotels.com search, although I called them to book the room. I wanted something in the Times Square area of NYC that was clean and (by New York standards) affordable. Hotel Mela got good reviews, and now I must add my review to them -- it was a very pleasant experience.The rooms are very small (our room was 190 square feet total, but the hotel disclosed this fact when I booked; a larger room was available for additional cost). My main concern in booking a hotel is that it is clean, and Hotel Mela fit the bill. I must say that I felt quite comfortable with the cleanliness, and that is usually my biggest issue with hotels. Hotel Mela is quite new and modern. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and very helpful. The building itself is small -- a mere sliver of a building in the overwhelming Times Square neighborhood, and you might miss it if you were just walking by. It's well worth looking for, however. The location is superb (an easy 2-3 blocks to the Times Square subway stop, located just a half block off 7th avenue on 44th Street). In fact, I would expect lodging so conveniently located to command a much higher price.We had a waterfall shower and a mini bar in our room, as well as an armoire and two full nightstands with drawers. Free wi-fi is available throughout the property. Like the rooms, the elevators are small but serviceable. When we arrived, the air conditioning unit was not putting off cold air. We reported it to the concierge, and by the time we returned to our room, it was actually chilly in there. The hotel does not have ice machines for guests to use, but ice buckets are provided -- just call the front desk and they will happily deliver.There are plenty of good restaurants and cafes within a few blocks of Hotel Mela, including Saju Bistro that is located next door (which also doe Hotel Mela's room service), another pub with heartier fare on the other side, and a cafe across the street. The finest feature of Hotel Mela is most certainly their staff -- every person with whom we spoke was so friendly and helpful, from the time we booked our room until we checked out. Overall, this is was a really excellent experience (I am tempted to give them five stars, but I remain a rather tough evaluator who reserves five stars for the truly rare and extraordinary). If/when I head to NYC again, Hotel Mela will be my first call.	
Jul 14 2008 	Absolutely Not the choice in time square	Hotwire Rates this hotel 4 stars, my rating is 2.5 stars at the most, there are definitely better hotels in time square at the same price range and here is why: very small rooms, no storage space at all, no room service, no doorman, no view at all, you can’t close the drapes so privacy is out of the question, the other rooms across from your window is about 3 yards away and guests can look directly in to your room, I find that a bit offensive, since the room is so small you really don’t have the option to avoid looking out the window and in other guests rooms once in a while. On this trip I also stayed at the millennium Broadway it’s just across the street from Mela, and I paid the same rate as I did at Mela, and the 2 hotels are world apart the rooms at millennium are more then twice the size of Mela, and almost every room comes with a view of time square, I will write a review of millennium, also I have stayed at Marriott marquis its just across time square and about 50$ more a night but its diffidently worth it, my advice is do not stay at Mela choose one of the many other nice hotels in the area at the same or even lower rates then Mela.	
Jul 14 2008 	Loved this hotel!	This beautiful little hotel is located on West 44th Street...literally a 1/2 block away from Times Square - within walking distance to the big theatres which eliminated the need for a car - which was nice because driving in Midtown Manhattan is CRAZY!The staff were all very professional (not a single bad apple - OK...pun intended!), courteous and friendly. We stayed in the deluxe king room on the 2nd floor. One small inconvenience - don't stay on the second floor if you can help it - the gym is on that floor and if someone is watching the TV, you will hear it in your room. Other than that, I would have NO hesitation in staying at this hotel again.	
Jul 11 2008 	Awesome!!!	My wife and I stayed two nights at the Hotel Mela, for our 2 Year anniversary. In all respects, it was a perfectly enjoyable stay. The room was extremely comfortable, with several subtle appointments and touches which certainly did not go unnoticed. John Paul, the Concierge, was very gracious and human to us, even when suggesting places to go for dinner and nightlife. Likewise, the rest of the staff was always friendly and accommodating. Five Stars all the way for the Hotel Mela!!	
Jul 8 2008 	A nice find near Times Square	My wife needed to book a three-night stay for a group of us near Times Square as part of a birthday celebration weekend for me and came across the Hotel Mela. We've been to New York on a handful of occasions, and I have to admit that I had never heard of the Mela. But what a delightful surprise!For starters, we received nothing but friendly and attentive service from the entire staff for our entire staff -- not to be underestimated. And OK, yes, the room size is a bit... &quot;cozy&quot;, shall we say, but they were very clean, very comfortable, and for the most part, pretty quiet for being a couple of blocks from the bustle of Times Square. (And honestly, how much time do you actually spend in your room when you're visiting the City?) If you're used to the size of European hotel rooms, this is right up your alley. And, of course, it's hard to beat the location.	
Jul 8 2008 	A very Romantic weekend!	My husband and I were looking for a hotel that gave us a private and romantic feel. Hotel Mela was perfect!!! We loved everythingabout it. We were pleasantly surprised at how friendly everyonewas. We have never experienced such a friendly staff at any otherhotel. The hotel was also very clean. We will definitely bestaying here again, very soon. Tonya Godwin	
Jul 5 2008 	Hotel Mela: Perfect In Many Ways!	We were fortunate to stay at Hotel Mela for five days, June 28--July 2, 2008. Our son gave us a Christmas present of 5 days in NYC to see a Broadway Show and 3 NY Yankee Games before the old stadium closed, so he had chosen the hotel and paid for everything! We had read the reviews stating that the rooms were small, so we were prepared. We did find it a bit &quot;tight&quot; but it was beautiful...very modern, very clean, with an extremely comfortable bed/pillows. It is close to just about everything...shopping, subways, theaters, restaurants. The Bistro, their restaurant next to the Hotel, was a wonderful place for breakfast, too. But most of all, I praise the staff...they were ALL very helpful, and pleasant; they seemed to enjoy and take pride in their work, from the housekeeper, to the maintenance person to the receptionists. We LOVED this hotel and would definitely return if we were in the area again.	
Jun 30 2008 	We love Hotel Mela!!!	Our trip to New York was amazing! Hotel Mela is beautiful, comfortable and just a step away from everything. The staff is exceptional. There is always a smile and a friendly hello from housekeeping, front desk, etc... Ian and Freddy were great from the moment we checked in up to our departure. We had dinner at Saju, ( located right next door) and I have not had such great service in a very long time. Our server Elyse was very pleasant and a true professional. I just don't want to stay anywhere else in NY. Thank you all for making this trip a memorable one.	
Jun 25 2008	A new Hotel Mela fan	I recently stayed at Hotel Mela for a 3-night trip with my niece. Having read the other reviews on Trip Advisor, I was a bit concerned about the size of the room. Happy to report that there was no need for any concern. The Deluxe Twin room that we were booked in was plenty big for the two of us. The hotel is in a great location, the staff is incredibly friendly and the rooms were very clean. I will definitely stay at this hotel again and will recommend it to others.	
Jun 20 2008 	Hotel Mela. Great Location. Great Service.	The Hotel Mela is steps away from Time Square. Within minutes we passed a bunch of Broadway playhouses, and so much glitz and glitter that our midwestern eyes sparkled. We were on a baseball weekend, and we caught the subway a few blocks away and quickly made it to Yankee Stadium.The staff was exceptionally friendly and always helpful. The only regret we had was that we couldn't stay longer. There are so many famous landmarks with walking distance that you can't turn a corner without seeing something you recognize.	
Jun 19 2008 	Clean but not for light sleepers	First, the positive points about Hotel Mela -- My room and the hotel itself was very clean. Reasonable-sized bathroom with nice shower. Very comfortable beds. Great proximity to Times Square and several theatres. Free wifi.Now, the negative points -- Thin walls and windows allowed for a lot of street noise to come into the room. Plus, there are no heavy curtains to close on the windows...only very thin drapes that do not block out the light or noise (or nosy folks across the street). Rooms were also very small, with no desk or chair to work at.I go to NY quite a bit on business, and given the choice, I don't think I'll be staying at the Mela again, simply because I know there are nicer hotels in the area.	
Jun 17 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed here for 6 nights ( May 20 thru 26) and the hotel is fantastic. All of the staff are very very helpful and always greeted us on our way in or out.Our bedroom was superb and room service was great. The bathroom had a nice shower and the room was very well appointed with TV, aircon, fridge, internet and a very comfortable king sized bed.Matching this wonderful hotel is its position. One block from Times Square ... you cannot get a better hotel closer to the heart of NYC.We would recommend the hotel to everybody ... great value ... great position ... great people ... great hotel	
Jun 16 2008 	Loved the hotel Mela!	I stayed at the Hotel Mela for 3 nights in April. It was a wonderful location and a fantastic hotel. It was just steps away from Times Square on a quiet street. The Lobby was small but beautifuly appointed and the front desk staff were wonderful. The maids were a bit annoying on out last day as they were hanging around outside out room waiting for their tip. The room was cleaned well though. The rooms are tiny but there was enough room for the 2 of us with no problem. Use the top of the wardrobe to store your luggage to make more floor space. Upon inspection of our room we found that the air con had leaked onto the carpet but the front desk made up for it by cutting our room upgrade fee in half. The beds are very tiny...in fact everything about this hotel is small scale including the elevators but that was part of the charm. A very tall person (over 6') would not fit in the bed very well. I hope to get the chance to go back to the Hotel Mela.	
Jun 16 2008 	Great location great service great stay in NY	We had a fabulous stay in NY at the end of our honeymoon at Hotel Mela. Located just off Times Square it is close to transport, fun, food and entertainment.The service was fantastic from the time I contacted them to enquire about rooms and restaurants were recommended and booked for us, directions given and any additional requests catered to. We were lucky enough to get a room upgrade so our room had an additional area to put cases etc. but I can imagine that without that we would have been struggling to make room for all our stuff. Worth enquiring about a larger room when booking.The decor was great, H2O products in the bathroom and tea and coffee pods available in the room. Our only small complaint was that while room was cleaned and serviced every day re-fills of tea coffee and product were haphazard and I had to ask for extras for my morning cup of tea.We would definitely stay here again and would recommend to anyone coming to NY looking for reasonable priced comfort with a bit of style.	
Jun 15 2008 	great place to stay!	The Hotel Mela may not have the grand lobby of some of the larger hotels but the clean comfortable rooms more than make up for this. Every employee we encountered were friendly and helpful.Every request we made was handled quickly and courteously. As this was our first trip to New York we struggled to pick a hotel and we suggested this hotel to our travel agent. It turned out to be a great choice and we will not hesitate to stay here on our next trip to New York. We will definitely recommend this hotel to our travel agent and anyone else looking for a great place to stay in Times Square,New York City.	
Jun 12 2008 	Compact and bijoux	Spent a week at The Mela in late May. Rooms tiny but very comfortable and stylish, though given the free wifi a desk area would have been helpful. Excellent and reasonably priced minibar service including large basket of goodies, replenished daily. Housekeeping excellent. Sadly our view was of a derelict wall and there was a ventilation fan outside which was somewhat noisy but really, how much time do you spend in a New York hotel room? Bathroom also compact but well kitted out. Air conditioning excellent and reception staff very helpful (we had to move three times on arrival - first room non-smoking, second next to a very noisy generator) and nothing was too much trouble. Location good but a bit near the mania of Times Square for my liking though to others this may be ideal. The bistro next door is excellent. I would stay again but would perhaps go for the extra cost of a larger room.	
Jun 11 2008 	Hotel Mela is Our New Secret	This was our second visit to Hotel Mela within the last six months and we were just as happy this time as the first. It has a very small lobby that always smells delicious. Very clean look. Conceirge desk at the front when you enter the revolving doors and the front desk. When you walk to the elevators there is a very small sitting area with a couch and a couple of chairs.Rooms are very clean. Decor is pleasing to the eye. Modern.I liked the location because when I walked out the front door and to the left I was only half a block from Broadway. At the corner is ABC studios which always has something going on for the morning news. Couple of doors down is Starbucks (need my starbucks in the morning). When I turned right out the front door I was at 6th Avenue. Across the street is Cafe Un Deux Troiswww.cafeundeuxtrois.biz123 W 44th StNew York, NY 10036(212) 354-4148Get directions55 reviews, menu, and more »&quot;I love, love, love 1-2-3! This is a convenient place, with a lovely...&quot;Small Boutique Hotel with Excellent Service. I highly recommend it. If you are ever in the need of a great Realtor in South Florida please check out this website http://www.DeniseMadan.com or call 786 344 8004.The Madan Family	
Jun 8 2008 	Loved it!	I won't lie: the rooms in this hotel are TINY! So much so that I, a 5'3 105 pound person, had to walk sideways to get from my bed to the washroom. Despite that, I had the best time there! The rooms are extremely clean, the washrooms come with amazing H20 amenities and the hotel is as centrally located as they come. Add to that the wonderful staff, who never once hesitated to make reservations and check up addresses for me, and you've got the perfect NYC experience!	
Jun 6 2008 	Clean Convenient...SMALL.	We stayed at the Hotel Mela at the end of May for four nights. Our room wasnt ready on arrival but the check In process was pretty efficient and staff were ok too.The problem with this hotel is the size. We were given a room which was absolutely tiny...and i mean tiny. We have stayed in rooms described as small before but this was as joke. We barely had room for the suitcases on the floor it was more like a cell!After a call down to the front desk I was informed that we would have to pay for an upgrade. I was pretty annoyed with the hotel by this point but then miraculously they managed find a bigger room in the same category...so no extra charge. This new room was much much better. Far more room, looking out onto the street and enough room to sort outselves out in.So thats the bad bit. The good points:Great location - less that 2 minutes walk to Times Square. Very central, walking distance to many sites like Rockerfeller, Grand Central Station, Macy's etc...Rooms are generally very clean, modern with nice bathrooms. The LCD TV is also a nice touch. We didnt try any of the food as Times Square is right outside.Overall its a good choice provided you get a nice room. If I had to stay there again I would have to be guaranteed a decent size room before I booked.	
Jun 2 2008	Cold Showers	This is in a good location if you like Time Square. The bed is really comfortable, but if you book on Hotwire, be advised you are booking a double bed- not a king, which we paid $30 extra when we arrived. The restaurant next door was nice, and the food was good. However, the shower did not provide hot water, which is a bummer. Also, I went out for Starbuck's-right around the corner and was greeted by a nice pile of throw up from someone partying in Times Square the night before. I told the staff that they may want to clean it up-it was right outside the main door. When I got back with my coffee, I was mortified to see pigeons eating it!!! Yuck! 30 minutes later-still there. Double Yuck!!!Not worth the price, but the bed was comfty. Good Luck!	
May 29 2008 	Clean Clean Clean and Quiet	I've stayed at the Mela three times now and each time it exceeds expectations in terms of cleanliness. The rooms are also extraordinarily quite compared to most in this area. Amenities aren't super fancy but you really can't do better for price/value.Great for business travelers who need to stay near Times Square.	
May 27 2008 	Loved the mouse	Having to go to New York on business can be a pleasure.Normally I stay at the Kintano in New York ( Stay there if you can) but due to cost cutting I was put in the hotel Mela.I got into New York early Sunday afternoon and we had requested an early check in so we could get some shopping done before work.I was not able to check in till 3.30 pm because the rooms were not available. While the staff apologised they did not seem in a hurry to sort out the issue. I had to keep pushing them.Anyway once I got to the room it was furnished in a modern style and the bathroom was a good size.( I had a delux room)The much mentioned bath products were not replaced once used which was a disappointment.The bed facing the door was not fitted to the edge so there was a nice gap around the door which let in light and noise ( the 4 am pick up of the breakfast menus on the doors).Beds were really comfortable and I was settling in well until my 2nd night when I heard a nice rustling noise in my mini basket and low and behold I found a mouse eating the chocolate.I was too jet lagged to complain that night ( I must have been really jet lagged) the next morning the staff did look mortified.They paid for my mini bar bill ( I wish I had more than one bottle of water now) and gave me and my boss a free breakfast at the great Bistro next door.While checking out the very helpful door man said they had a similar problem with a mouse 3 weeks before. I did not dare ask if he knew which room it was.The rooms were still not cheap ( About £150 per night) so I don't think we will be staying there again,They did have a good small gym where there was fruit out for residents to take. There seemed to be free internet access near the gym as well as WIFI in your own room if you had your laptop.	
May 25 2008 	Perfect Location	Hotel Mela is in a fantastic location, literally a 10 second walk from the centre of Times Sqaure. Rooms are fairly small (as you expect in New York), but perfectly formed, and furnishings are of a high standard. Staff are really friendly and helpful, and they have everything organised very well, including the end of stay luggage storage.Overall this is a good hotel, that I would recommend just based on its excellent location!	
May 23 2008	Hotel Mela is the place to stay!	It's always a little scary for me to choose a hotel in New York City! Cost is definately a factor, but cleanliness is key. After a lot of searching for the perfect get-away weekend for myself and my daughter, we chose the Hotel Mela. I'd never heard of it before but it far exceeded my expectations once we arrived. The location was totally amazing...right in Times Square! Yet it was peaceful and calm in the hotel and our room! Although we ordered a Delux room we were upgraded upon arrival to a huge space. I was concerned after reading some reviews that the rooms were no larger than a postage stamp Not this one! We could have put on a Broadway Show in the bathroom! All staff went out of their way to ask if you needed anything, were enjoying your stay, etc. Very helpful! Umbrellas by the front door for a rainy day and the restaurant next door was a winner!..as was breakfast room service! We will definately return to The Hotel Mela!	
May 22 2008 	Wonderful!!!	May, 2008Hotel Mela New York, NYMy girlfriend and I both turned 60 this year and wanted to celebrate in a big way. We picked this hotel on Times Square by reading reviews on several sites. They all were very positive. We were not disappointed. The hotel may not have been as opulent as some of the older hotels but it is very attractive. It is 2 blocks off of the main street and close to all activities on Times Square. The subway is very close by. Two of the staff Nick and Phil helped us with tickets to Wicked and instructions on how to navigate around town, as did all the staff. Our air conditioner was not cooling and they were up at our room in just a few minutes, and this was late at night. Most responsive service I've ever had. Do not hesitate to stay here. The beds were comfortable, and room size more than adequate, and very quiet and clean.Sincerely; Linda &amp; Kathy	
May 21 2008	Client Service	I have not stayed at this hotel, but had a client who stayed there recently and had left some personal articles. She had departed the city when she found out about the articles, but knew someone staying at a nearby hotel. I called the front desk and asked who could help me. The desk clerk, Harold, transferred me to the Manager of Housekeeping and I left a message for a callback. I had not received one so at the end of the day I called back again and spoke to Harold. He was very concerned that I speak to someone who could help me so he contacted a &quot;live&quot; person - the Asst. Manager of Housekeeping, Josie. He apologized profusely for keeping me on hold for only a few moments. Josie was amazingly helpful. She got a messenger service to deal with the articles and I needed to call her back with a credit card number. She said she'd be waiting for my callback and she was!! 20 minutes later!! She greeted me with...&quot;I told you I'd be here waiting for your call.&quot; I was amazed at the service as there was no rudeness, no sighs because I was asking something out of the way - only HOW CAN WE SERVE YOU! When I'm next in New York, this is the hotel I will be staying at!!	
May 14 2008 	Excellent stay at a fantastic hotel	Excellent hotel,location and service.We asked for a room higher up and got one on the 14th floor-quiet, very large comfortable room for 2 people despite other reviews I had read. However, I suspect this was a deluxe room and not standard so we may have been lucky.Rooms have a contemporary decor and were very clean. There were no tea/coffee making facilities in our room(suggest you take a travel kettle) and although there was free internet access for laptop users in the room there was a charge of 7 dollars for 15mins internet use if you don't have a laptop(located on the 2nd floor)- but you can get free access at the tourist info.centre a few minutes away in Times Square.  All hotel staff were extremely helpfu and friendly with all sorts of info,nothing was too much trouble for them. They always treated guests with courtesy .The lobby is very small but who wants to sit in a lobby in New York anyway- there are plenty of bars and eateries nearby.Area around 8th Avenue has more affordable and better restaurants than nearby 7th ave otherwise worth venturing towards Lexington ave and beyond-quiter than the Times Square area.Although the Mela is so near Times Square, it is on a quiet street and centrally located for all other famous tourist sites - all easily accessible by walking/subway/buses.Worth buying a Citypass and subway pass(can use on buses)if you are there for a few days.Also try to buy Broadway show tickets online as there is no guarantee of getting any for the show you want to see-discount tickets for us never existed-all seats are sold out. Overall a fantastic stay in a fantastic hotel and city and would recommend to others.	
May 11 2008 	Had a great Weekend	I thought that our stay at the hotel was fantastic, the staff was very courtious and the service provided was excellent throughout the stay. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC, especially those that want an ideal Times Square locatiom. Great fun!	
May 2 2008 	very nice hotel	Very nice hotel in the midle of everything. Clean, confortable beds, excelent bistro just outside the hotel.	
Apr 29 2008 	Will return if the price is right	After a really long and detailed search I found this hotel on Red Tag and it was cheaper than Expedia.We had a junior executive and very spacious it was too.Pluses: The location, even though we were steps away from the crowded and busy Times Square we were central; the room was so quiet and the bed was unltra comfortable; fanatastic bathroom products, when I return in the fall I will be acquiring my own supply; we hung out in the lobby way beyond checkout time until we were ready to catch our flight; I loved the fruit at the front desk; the staff was pleasant and friendlyMinuses: Better lighting please; one of our robes was missing and then the replacement was dirty but was replaced quickly with apologies; one of the bedside tables was missing	
Apr 29 2008 	Good position very clean	We have just returned from a week at the Hotel Mela. We had booked a superior room (be warned this is their lowest grade room) and were very disappointed to find that we were in what was virtually a closet with no natural light, given that it wasn't a cheap hotel. We explained to the hotel staff that this was not acceptable for 7 nights and that we were in NYC for a special occasion. They were very helpful and we were eventually moved to a much better deluxe room - where we actually had room to unpack.The Hotel is well situated near Times Square and near 5th Avenue and the subway for further afield. It is very clean and the rooms are pleasantly decorated but there is only a small lobby with a couple of sofas. The staff will try and do anything to make your stay better.	
Apr 25 2008 	There are better hotels than this	I squeezed into my tiny queen bedded room to discover there was no desk, no where practical to place luggage and not even a luggage stand. This is not a cheap hotel and if you're on a business trip, no desk is ridiculous. It turns out there are double bedded rooms with desks, and the staff at the front desk politely allowed me to change rooms.The room with 1 double bed was equally as tiny. I discovered the TV behind the large basket of in-room food and moved the food into the closet. It was nice to have a bathroom gown, however, it disappeared after the first night and was not replaced. The phone next to the bed didn't work. Yes the decor is wonderfully boutique and there is free wireless, but I don't think I'll be back..	
Apr 24 2008 	Great staff and great location.	LOUISIANA: Our stay at the Hotel Mela was great; the staff was accommodating, and went out of their way to assist us (my husband recently broke his ankle, and had to use a wheelchair and/or walker to get around). The location is wonderful, near all the theaters, shopping, resturants, etc. Will recommend to friends.	
Apr 22 2008	Brilliant Hotel	As this was my first visit to New York I wanted to be located in a centrally. I couldn’t have asked for better. The hotel is right off Times Square but without the noise or the hustle and bustle. There are a number of places to eat on the same street as the hotel which unfortunately I didn’t get to try but the place next door looks really good. Staff was extremely friendly and professional at all times. When we asked to change rooms due to the lack of natural light they were only too happy to try and accommodate us and showed us 2 different rooms that we could choose from. Based on the previous reviews I was expecting the rooms to be tiny but I found them absolutely adequate for the amount of time that you are going to spend in there. Overall the room was spotlessly clean, sheets were really fresh and the toiletries were a lovely touch. If I was being really picky, the only thing I could comment on is the towels. There weren’t enough and they were pretty small. Overall though I couldn’t fault the Mela, it’s a fantastic hotel and I will definitely recommend to others!!!	
Apr 17 2008 	Small central and smart	We came over from London to stay at the Mela for four days as part of a whistlestop break. Described as a &quot;boutique hotel&quot;, due to the fact there is no restaurant, bar or lounge space in the hotel, it is a stretch to say you'll enjoy a &quot;boutique hotel experience&quot; in its truest form. That said, the decor is smart and clean - the hotel earns the moniker 'boutique' by virtue of minimal, reasonably cool furnishings (ie dark Lombok-esque furniture etc) in the small spaces that exist ie the room, the lobby space and the two sofas by the lifts. Location-wise, it is great for Times Square (equivalent to Leicester Square for those who have not visited from the UK) and Theatreland if that's what you are looking for. It's a 15 / 20 min walk to the shops on 5th / Lexington or you can hop in a cab for a 5 min ride if traffic is good.We encountered a bit of noise from the roads below - but that's what you expect if you're staying near Times Square and it's not unacceptable by any means. Beds are very comfy, and the rooms with a shower not a bath are slightly larger.The staff are a good bunch and really helpful - a real plus point for the hotel.All in all, a decent hotel but very small - which is understood and acceptable if you're just after a comfy bed to crash in a central area. But next time I think we'll try somewhere marginally cheaper that has a few amenities ie late night drink / lounge area, and most probably not near the hardcore touristy Times Square area.Love NYC - who wouldn't - and will be back soon...	
Apr 14 2008 	Good Choice!	Just got back from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Mela. This hotel was great! My friend and I do an annual girl's trip weekend to NYC and are always looking for good boutique hotels to stay at. At the end of the day, if the price is right, and the criteria we look for are met - that's where we stay.This hotel is comprabale to other NYC boutique hotels in that the decor is funky, and rooms are generally small. However, what makes this hotel stand out, is that it is relatively new, therefore the rooms are extremely fresh and clean. Secondly, the staff were fantastic. They were friendly and efficient, without any of this pretentious attitude that you get a certain boutique hotels. There is no bar or lobby scene, but the hotel has its own restaurant next door (didn't get a chance to eat there, but it was always busy)Location was great if you want to be near Times Square and all the theatres.The only negative - I like to have tea/coffee in the room and there was nothing available, not even in the lobby. Other than that, my stay was great.	
Apr 13 2008	Very Very Nice!	Very nice and close to Times Square for family Broadway show and dinner, nice room, clean, quiet, no problems. This hotel beats the &quot;chain-hotels&quot; hands down.Check in and front desk service very professsional, this hotel gets it	
Apr 12 2008 	Fantastic LOCATION and Service	The Mela was a fantastic experience. I was in the City for the first time, but my girlfriend had been there many many times staying at places like the Four Seasons, Ritz, Peninsula, etc; she was blown away by this place. I like many got the basic room but it was more than ample to satisfy her shopping fetish; which means bigger than a Saks dressing room x2. The service impeccable from check-in to check-out. We had issues with our mini-bar in prepping to go out and within five minutes they were there to take care of it. Also, fantastic help in getting to Yankees game on Subway. Service was Fantastic.Both places next door are great for drinks, early and late, which include Saju and St. Andrews the only Scottish Pub in the City.Certainly would recommend to anyone and have not mentioned the location which is phenomenal.	
Apr 4 2008 	So Chic...Great Service 	100 feet from Times Square!!! In the middle of it all but with no noise in the room. Modern decor, beautiful and very clean. Everyone smiles and asks you how you're doing (from the bellboy, to the front desk, to the housekeeper). They offered an umbrella when it was raining and they all wished us a happy anniversary!! Upon check-in and request, we were upgraded to a beautifully spacious Executive room. Nick and JP were extremely helpful with directions and suggestions...such as the Carnegie Deli (MUST-HAVE cheese blintzes!!) The Brooklyn Diner is around the corner...AMAZING mac &amp; cheese (not your typical mac &amp; cheese) and Noodle Kugel (OMG!!!) HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!!! ESPECIALLY FOR COUPLES =)	
Apr 2 2008	Location Location Location	Situated right at Times Square the location of this hotel is key. The hotel is clean and staff extremely friendly. The boutique style rooms are small but very adequate and tastefully decorated. We had a standard room with shower room but had requested a bath as well as a shower and luckily this was accommodated. A mini bar and flat screen TV, along with a CD/MP3 player are provided.....although little time is spent in the room. This is the ideal location to explore Manhattan. Two blocks from Central Station and right in the heartland of Broadway theatre. A full array of bars, restaurants and diners right on your doorstep but do take the time to walk down to Soho, Little Italy, Greenwich Village and Chinatown etc. Savour the atmosphere of each... A walk in the other direction will take you to Central Park - dont pass the famous Carnegie Deli opposite the Carnegie Hall - a must for all! We visited over Easter, on the tail end of St Patrick's celebrations so the city was buzzing with many tourists. Will be back soon and will defo stay at Hotel Mela....	
Mar 31 2008 	The Disappointing Hotel Mela	Based on the terrific reviews on this site, I decided to stay at the Hotel Mela for my recent, 10-night stay in NYC. I was fairly disappointed with my experience. I travel to NYC about 4 times a year and have stayed at quite a few hotels there, some worse, some much better. Yes, the Mela is a boutique hotel but I wouldn't call it trendy, unless a couple of shabby sofas in the small lobby and piped-in electronica deem it as such. Everything about the Mela is tiny, the elevators, the hallways, the rooms themselves, but that was understood from the other reviews. What I didn't expect was how aesthetically mundane the place is. I had an executive suite which was anything but spectacular. Rather, it was dark, drab and lifeless. No view. Flat screen TV was the cheapest I'd ever seen with truly abysmal reception. Bathroom was clean and small, and the brightest spot in the entire hotel. So, overall, the room was clean but unremarkable, forgettable. And over my 10 night stay, here are some of the problems I encountered: Room service food was really awful, and slow too. Ordered a bagel and lox one morning and it took 45 minutes and arrived without creme cheese. When I phoned down, they said they'd send some right up. Arrived 45 minutes later, after another phone call. Another morning, I was awoken at 7am by a knock on my door. My breakfast order had arrived. Too bad I hadn't placed one. Then there was the cleaning staff, the loudest you will ever encounter. They apparently had no regard for the fact that guests might be sleeping, or else wanted to wake them early to get them out of their rooms so they could clean. They marched up and down the halls, spoke to each other on walkie-talkies so loud that I could hear every word, banged doors and hit walls with their supplies. And yet they still managed to forget to refill empty Kleenex, pick up dirty glasses, leave new tea and coffee bags, and even left me with no toilet paper one morning. And speaking of slamming doors, something must be done about this. The doors tend to slam shut if you let go of them before closing them all the way, meaning that if you stay at this hotel, be prepared for lots of slamming doors at all hours from every guest coming or leaving. And on more than one occasion, I heard other guests sneezing and talking in their rooms, even heard someone taking a shower. Basically, this is a very loud hotel. Not soothing in the slightest. Finally, there are the wake up calls I ordered that never came or, inexplicably, came late!?!? How exactly does that happen? And the perfect coda to my experience with the Mela? Went to use the express checkout as I was leaving, and it didn't work. And it sorta made sense because nothing about my stay at the Mela was convenient in any way, shape or form. No, I won't stay there again. Not when there are hotels like the Michelangeo only a stone's-throw away for the same money and superior in EVERY way.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great Location - Lots of Fun	Went with my wife for a four day trip to NYC for some fun, shopping and entertainment.Rooms- smaller than most rooms in most cities but nicely decorated and everything about the room mazimized the limited amount of space so it never actually felt claustophobic.- be warned though that the standard room does sometimes come with a double bed. We had a double bed but were so tired at the end of the day it didn't matter.- flat screen television with HBO and good variety of channels- wireless Internet for the notebook computer- good shampoos, soaps, creams, etc. from SpaLocation- very close to Times Square on 44th and all the Broadway stuff- five minute walk to Grand Central Station so you can pretty much get anywhere in the city for $2.- Check Virgil's BBQ on 44th right beside the hotel for amazing chicken, ribs, macaroni, etc. - Nothin fancy but damn good.Amenities- small gym with treadmills, bikes and one eliptical (sp?)Complaints- none because we had a blast and it was very reasonable for NYC.	
Mar 29 2008 	Great stay Great location Great staff	I booked with the hotel website after comparing expedia, hotels.com, and orbitz...it was twenty dollars cheaper per night. The hotel is chic and tiny. I would much rather have good service and clean/trendy atmosphere than a crappy mega/anonymous chain.When we went to our room it reeked of cigarettes, though we were on a non-smoking floor. I called and they immediately sent a maid with an ionizer and deoderizer...since I was still not satisfied, I asked for a manager who brought us keys to our new room in five minutes flat.Everyone was friendly, gave good directions, and the bell hop stood in the middle of the street to get us a cab. As a same-sex couple we were treated very well by all staff (which means a lot to us).Would stay again as it is close to time square, subways, and walking distance to trendy part of 5th ave.	
Mar 29 2008 	So very happy we stayed at thje Mela	Stayed at the Mela with my husband during early March for a week after looking at reviews on tripadvisor and was really pleased. The location is fantastic for sightseeing, with timesquare at the end of the block and the tour buses start on times square and 8th avenue which is within walking distance. The hotel staff were fantastic and clearly genuinely happy to help. The bed and pillows were really comfortable. There was some building work taking place next door but it didnt affect our stay. Our room was clean and nicely decorated.We discovered Jacks restaruant with its fantastic food and ambience just a couple of blocks away. The Rock, Empire State Building, Macy's and Times Square underground station with good connections are all within walking distance. BTW, You can't visit without trying the cheesecake at Roxy's on times square!!We have already recommended this hotel to family and friends as we had a fantastic time. Thank-you Hotel Mela. :-)	
Mar 27 2008 	"Fantastic"	Lets not have any misconceptions. Most hotels (that are affordable for normal middle class persons) are slightly smaller than say your home bedroom/en-suite, and this is exactly how you will feel in Hotel Mela. However, this hotel is excellent in every which way especially for young professionals/singles looking for a cultural weekend in the big apple without the hotel bill of a chain hotel. What you will encounter when you walk through the revolving door are very friendly (but not false or over the top) staff and a modern boutique style reception area playing chilled out music and (due to a slight air con problem) a very mild temperature for March (which im sure will have been sorted). On entering our small standard room we were delighted to find everything as illustrated on their informative website. Great decor throughout to match some trendy finishes in the shower room (I guess baths are installed in larger suite rooms) all of which compensated perfectly for its size. I would say for comparison for Brits, you will find the room is roughly the size of a typical Travel lodge although it has a far superior finish decoration and finishes wise that would rival any 4 star hotel in the UK. I cant really give this hotel an more superlatives as it is as its website describes and is located about 50 yards from time square which is a great location.Will stay next time I return,One very happy architect.	
Mar 25 2008 	Small rooms yes but FABULOUS staff and location	Our small, neat room was wonderfully comfortable and appointed in contemporary style. Good value. Besides the can't-be-beat location, we were wowed by several members of the staff. Jean Paul at the front desk seemed authentically and personally glad to see us - even when he was headed off duty, guitar over shoulder. On the &quot;Desires&quot; desk, Tirone Reina is exceptional. He helped us with everything from salon appointments, to restaurant reservations and even tracked down and PERSONALLY delivered two bottles of a particular champagne. Do be prepared for small rooms. Also the maids didn't remove dirty champagne glasses for 2 days, or dump the long melted ice.	
Mar 24 2008	Comfy Chic Hotel in Midtown	Stayed here on Business. This is a chic hotel with a friendly staff. It is located next to Times Square so it is a nice location. Downside: Small rooms. When I arrived, the basket of Honor Bar snacks sat directly in front of the Flat Screen TV. Had a heck of a time finding another spot for it. I spoke to another guest who said that they had twin beds. Don't see that too often in the U.S. I did have a Queen. Upside: My room was clean and comfortable. I was in the back of the hotel so it was very quiet. That is hard to find in NY. Also, there is a fun Irish bar right next door; a good, inexpensive diner is across the street and Virgil's BBQ is on the same block.	
Mar 24 2008 	What a special find!	Josianne Lubrun topped a wonderful visit to NYC when she was kind enough to look for an item I left behind and offered to have it shipped. The hotel room was clean, comfortable and in a terrific location. The stay was perfect. The price was right. A great find!	
Mar 24 2008 	Top stay!	We stayed at the Mela hotel for 5 nights, beginning of March 2008.Everything about the hotel is top. Top quality rooms, top staff and a top location. We would certainly recommend anybody going to NY to stay there.A great plus is also the free wifi in each room.We discovered the restaurant next door only on our last day and just had a drink there, but it looked very promissing.If we would have discovered this place earlier we would surely tried to have lunch or dinner there.After having read the other reviews here on TripAdvisor, we expected to stay in a very small room, so we were very much surprised to discover that the roomwasn't small at all. There was also plenty of space to put our luggage (we had 3 - medium sized - suitcases).	
Mar 20 2008 	Fantastic stay	It was our first trip to NY and we travelled at short notice so didn't have too many expectations as to the hotel. Nevertheless, it was absolutely perfect. The rooms were small but perfectly acceptable although our bathroom was a little tired. The staff were there if we needed them and always welcoming. For example, I had tried to use the complimentary wireless internet connection one morning but my laptop couldn't find a strong enough signal. When I got back to my room that evening, I connected straightaway. The breakfasts next door were a great start to the day too. Location was a little noisy but when sleeping just off Times Square, what do you expect? New York was a wonderful city and we can't wait to go again.	
Mar 17 2008	Valentine at Hotel Mela	New York New York, Hotel Mela Hotel Mela from Maple, Canada.  These words would have been Frank Sanatra's saying (In his Song) if he were still around. Perfect stay and excellent service from David and his staff at Hotel Mela is how I would discribe my stay at the Hotel last month. The guys there were so helpful and the location (TIME SQUARE) is perfect. The rooms are very clean and the people cleaning are very helpful. My wife and I came from Toronto, Canada and went for our 10 wedding Annv. Now we are hooked. We will be going every year from now on. Hotel Mela is great to stay if you want a classy place to sleep and just hang out for a few days while visiting New York.	
Mar 17 2008 	We would definitely recommend Hotel Mela	We stayed at the hotel Mela for a 5 night break and found the staff on reception to be extremely helpful and friendly. The hotel rooms were spotlessly clean and very modern with flat screen tv's,coffee making facilities and a lovely range of toiletries we didn't need to use our own.The location of this hotel was ideal a 2 minute walk from times square where you could take a metro to all parts of the city. Madison square gardens was within walking distance as was the rockerfella centre the views from the top were amazing and the empire state building.We paid $71 for a taxi from Newark airport not including tips which was about a half hour taxi ride. $7.50 for an unlimited day pass on the metro which was a great way to see the sights.If you come out of the hotel and turn right, across the crossroads and on the left handside was a great place for breakfast I think it was called red flame.We would definitely stay at hotel Mela again and would certainly recommend it to friends and family.	
Mar 14 2008	Troubled stay	When checking in, I noticed the lobby was extremely warm. I guessed that the public area air conditioning was not working and was worried that the room would also be warm. The check-in staff was friendly and efficient even though they had to be warm in their suits. I do wish they had said something about the obvious air conditioning problem. The room (710) was well appointend and comfortable (initially). I did have to call housekeeping because there was only one cup with the coffee maker, one robe (needed two) and lipstick on one of the bar glasses. Response was quick. Returning after a show on Friday, I found the room to be warm. At around 11 pm I called the front desk about the lack of cool air and was told that they were working on air conditioning for the whole hotel. Around midnight, I called again because the room had become uncomfortably warm. This time a new person on the phone said they'd send maintenance up. Maitenance arrived quickly and found that the AC wasn't working properly even after a reset. (The first phone call was obviously mistaken because the hotel's air conditioning is apparently separate from the AC units in each room.). At about 12:30 am they moved us to a new room (1107). Room 1107 was acceptable but I was disappointed that I lost a bathtub, an armoire and a night stand on my side of the bed in the move. Even though I had to change rooms in the middle of the night, no one ever apologized. AC in room 1107 worked flawlessly. Apparently we weren't the only ones with problems. When I was in the elevator with clothes on hangers, I encountered a couple who said their sister was in her third room since checking in. I've rarely had to change rooms due to mechanical problems, but other times the hotel offered an apology along with something else (wine, fruit basket, upgrade to a better room, discount, etc.). Some sort of apology would have been appreciated. Just so you know, the door on 1107 doesn't close completely unless you give it a good push/pull. Small issue, but the services listing in the room said newspapers were available on the 2nd floor. I went to the 2nd floor on the first morning, didn't find any newspapers, but did find them in the lobby on the first floor. Video check-out didn't work. The buttons on the remote didn't always match the on-screen requests when using the menus (was there an &quot;A&quot; button somewhere?) Now, on to the good things! Here's what I really liked:- The staff was uniformly friendly and efficient (even though they had to be warm!).- The rooms were very well appointed with quality items. The furnishings, bathroom fixtures, and electronics felt high-end.Very comfortable bed and bedding.- The lighting in the room was very versatile and accommodated all of my needs.- That coffee maker was amazing. I thought I did something wrong because my first cup of tea came out so quickly. I am a tea drinker and my friend is a coffee drinker. The machine made really good beverages for both of us without cross-contamination. (Tea often tastes like coffee in hotel rooms!) Thanks also for having good green tea available.- Housekeeping was fast - I never did see a housekeeper. The cleanliness was very good (except for the comment above).- Although the elevators were small, they did not make me wait too long.- The hotel provided the Times on Sunday. Bravo! (I don't mind picking up the paper in the lobby.)- H2O products were excellent. - Providing Internet access without an extra charge was great (and all hotels should do this)- Wonderful channel lineup on the TV (yeah, BBC America!)- I was surprised at how quiet the room was. Hard to believe I was in midtown Manhattan.My one regret - I had hoped to peek at a smaller room but never had the chance. The King Deluxe was wonderful but I don't know how I'd like a Standard Queen room.Not a bad stay, but I was really disappointed at the hotel's lack of response at the time of the problems and when I emailed the problems to the manager after the stay.	
Mar 12 2008 	excellent	We booked a delux room for our first visit to hotel and new york. Room was bigger than we thought after reading other reviews, very comfortable bed, armchair, desk and chair, safe lovely bathroom, mini bar and snacks expensive.Two min walk to times square deli 1 min, top of the rock 15 min, empire state 25 min walk. Staff were friendly and helpful at all times. We really enjoyed our stay and will return.	
Mar 12 2008 	Nice boutique style hotel close to Times Square. Be prepared for small rooms!	Okay I know what you are going to say, what hotel doesn't have small rooms in NYC?? Right? Well this one makes the rooms look larger on the websites but don't be fooled the rooms are a bed and a somewhat larger bathroom. The bed takes up the entire room. Other than that this is one of the most boutique style hotels I have stayed in well in NYC. It is the best location I have seen for Times Square access being one block away and on a street that is not so busy. The lobby is small and the staff are helpful. The interior is very trendy and upscale and despite the tiny elevators and the tight hallways, the rooms have all the latest amenities. They even have LCD TVs and wet bars. This is a nice little place to stay well in the city and being down there for my birtday and being close to all the action is even better. You literally can just walk a block down and be in the center of Times Square. The hotel is situated midtown. I would highly recommend this place, but be warned, don't be fooled by the pictures. The rooms are a closet. Although all the places in NYC are tight, the Holiday inn (I know what you are thinking) had huge rooms for half the price!	
Mar 10 2008 	Great location wonderful Staff!	The staff were wonderful from the moment we arrived until we left. They were very attentive and helpful. Two of the four of us were celebrating 40th birthdays so they sent a complimentry bottle of champagne to each room.  It is a great location, a minutes walk to Time Square. Very central for anywhere that you want to visit. We walked mainly but the underground trains were very cheap and quick.  Carmines Italian and John's pizza restaurant were very good. Both on the same St as the hotel. You just turn left out of the door and cross Time Square. Ellen's Stardust Diner is great too, they all sing and dance. Great breakfasts if you have a good appetite! I thought macy's was the best all round shop but if you want a real bargain Century 21 is good. It is by the World Trade Center. Like TK Maxx but loads bigger and better. World Trade Center is very moving, but take your tissues! Empire State was good for the views. The free ferry to Statan Island took you near to the the Statue of Liberty, great for taking pictures. Wall Street is a lovely area, some nice shops and places for lunch. Central Park is good but it was raining when we went.  There are so many great places to visit, it is just a case of prioritising as it is difficult to get around them all. We travelled in two couples so we were torn between sightseeing and shopping. You really need to do both!	
Mar 8 2008 	The Mela is WONDERFUL	From the time we checked in, until a hotel staff member hailed a cab for us at our time of departure, we loved the Mela. The staff members were pleasant and accomodating. Our very clean room and bathroom were more spacious than we expected. The bed was very comfortable, with great pillows and a fluffy comforter. Excellent location for walking to many destinations in Manhattan. You will love the quiet, elegant atmosphere of the Mela.	
Mar 7 2008 	Great Service Great Location	I stayed at Hotel Mela for 8 nights on a business trip. It was ideal for a base, half a block from Times Square, to run around to meetings all over Manhattan, watch a Broadway show and walk to various wonderful restaurants.I was surprised by the pleasantness of everyone from the front desk to the cleaners. Everyone was cheerful, always happy to help and clearly cared about the facility.I spent a lot of time in my hotel room, working between meetings. The room service from the restaurant next door was nice food, delivered fast and there was plenty to choose from -- breakfast, lunch and dinner. The room had everything I needed: iron and ironing board, lots of plugs for my laptop and phone charger, constant free wifi and a constantly tempting minibar.The hotel atmosphere is fresh and fun, with beautiful dark wood and splashes of colour, with a modern sitting room by the elevators with a chess board and backgammon.I would highly recommend this hotel -- my stay was flawless.	
Mar 4 2008 	Loved the Hotel Mela	My daughter and I just got back from a &quot;mum and daughter&quot; 4 day holiday in New York. We stayed at the Hotel Mela on the &quot;4th night free&quot; deal. We enjoyed our stay very much. The location is perfect- everything you could want within walking distance. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful at all times. They were very polite and attentive and went out of their way to help with dinner advice and reservations. The restaurants in the area were great- especially the Bistro next door. The only drawback, which really wasn't a major one, was the small room size. However, the very comfortable beds and cleanliness made up for it. I would stay there again in a minute.	
Mar 3 2008 	Quite good hotel	Forgive the amateur nature of this writing! Hotel Mela [meaning apple which makes sense] was a great hotel. Modern, subtle furnishings, efficient check-in, and great location [walkable to Times Square]. Room was small but well furnished, great quality bed, good minibar if you can afford those things, bathroom was modern with shower, variety of television programs etc. There was also an Ipod dock which you could connect your Ipod/music player to and hear via speakers. Overall pleased with this hotel. Did not access restaurant/room service so could not comment on this.	
Mar 2 2008 	Hotel Mela - Will Keep Coming Back!	I consider myself to be quite particular about customer service - especially when traveling out of town on business. While the facilities of Hotel Mela were quite impressive all on their own, it was truly the customer service that made this a particularly memorable experience - one worth sharing with others. Every member of the hotel staff greeted me cordially at every turn - regardless of their role within the hotel (from concierge and front desk to housekeeping). Particularly memorable was that a staff member (already in the elevator) stepped out at one point so that I could take the elevator as to not inconvenience me to wait longer. I am a firm believer - in all aspects of life - that it is the little things that count and Hotel Mela excels on &quot;the little things&quot;. I highly recommend it for anyone wishing to feel pampered and appreciated.	
Mar 1 2008 	Great Value Great Location	My husband and I have been to New York several times over the past few years and stay at a different place each time. We've stayed at the W, the Doubletree Times Square, the Warwick, etc. This time we stayed at Hotel Mela the week before Christmas. We just happened to find it online for a fantastic price compared to the other hotels during the holidays. We took a chance and were very please with it. The rooms are extremely small (what you would expect in a European hotel) but very clean, modern, and comfortable. If you want to be in the middle of the city, close to times square, and within walking distance to basically everything else (theater district, park, museums, etc) it is the perfect location for you. Although we didn't eat at the hotel, the restaurant looked very good. It was a nice surprise for us and overall we were very happy.	
Mar 1 2008 	Awesome!	Great things come in Small Packages!! The rooms may be small but the service is BIG! The bath products are great ,so just leave yours at home! The location is unbelievable for the cost and we had no trouble at all getting an elevator. This was a romantic get-away for a13th Anniversary and we were not dissappointed!Will go back to the city ASAP and will not stay anywhere but Hotel Mela!	
Mar 1 2008 	Loved Hotel Mela 5*!!!	We went to Hotel Mela to celebrate a birthday and had a fantastic time. Hotel staff were all very friendly, room was spacious and very clean. On arrival, there was a gift of fruit and cheese in our room. Comfy bed, lots of pillows. Lighting in the room wasn't great but we were only there to sleep so it didn't matter. Fantastic location, seconds away from Times Square and walking distance to all the big sights and shops in Manhattan. Will definitely stay there again when we return to New York.	
Feb 25 2008 	bang in the middle	I stayed in Newyork for 9days last year september.My partner and I usually like to stay in a mid-range hotel for the first few days and then go super classy for the last couple of nights.I really liked this hotel. No, it wasnt the biggest room but we felt that we didnt need tons of space. It was cozy and ultra modern. No view so to speak but less then 20 seconds round the corner, times square BANG!nothing like that first glimpse of that place. We went on to stay at the Sofitel and I remember thinking &quot;I want to go back to the mela!&quot; thanks to everyone else that posted their reviews because they really helped. The hotel is pretty much central to all things in mid-town. However if your wanting to go to some of the hip spots such as the meat packing district, greenwhich village and chelsea then dont stay here! and do not go to any of the restaurants suggested to you by the tour guides on the tour buses. They are money traps and the food is CRAP	
Feb 22 2008 	Absolutely loved it !!!	I took my Girlfriend to NYC for a Valentines break and we chose the Hotel Mela for our stay. This place is fantastic. The Location is as good as any Hotel in NYC, it can only be a 40 second walk to Times Square!Rooms are very modern, very clean with well stocked mini bar and snack basket and very very comfy beds. The rooms are a little small but hey, your in New York...By the time you get back to your room you'll collapse into bed anyway. The rooms are so quiet on a night too which was great when you consider Times Square is almost on your door step!The staff and bellboys in the reception area are incredibly helpful at all times.Whilst in New York I proposed to my now Fiancee and the our trip was truly amazing in every way. We both can't wait to go back and would definately stay at the Mela once again!	
Feb 21 2008	Loved the Mela Hotel	I had a wonderful opportunity to spend the weekend in New York and stayed at The Mela hotel. The hotel has only been open for 13 weeks however the ambience felt has if it were open for years. The staff was very personable, attentive and always available when needed. Your check-in process was seemless and I love the fact that you had fresh fruit available ready for your guests. The room was very warm, and had all the new features that would make a stay enjoyable.I loved your location, right in the heart of Times Square, but tucked away without having to hear the hustle and bustle of traffic. I would definately recommend this to my clients, and sincerly look forward in staying with your property again.Thanks for a memorable experience.Allyson - Jacksonville, FL	
Feb 20 2008 	Pack light	We visit NYC several times a year and usually book our hotel based on rate and location. So I've stayed in a wide variety of hotels over the years. The Mela would certainly not be the worst but also not near the top either. We booked a deluxe king which is not their smallest room and it was really tiny! There was virtually no place to put luggage so we ended up having to keep one suitcase in the bathroom. The room was also very dark and on one side you could barely see even with every light on. The bed was very comfortable and the bed linens were of good quality. The bath towels were a little small and thin.The staff was pleasant but not overly knowledgeable. I asked one of the concierges for a restaurant recommendation one evenng and he was not able to come up with anything (I asked about something casual in the 50's around Carnegie Hall) so I just resorted to my Zagat Guide.The location is very good if you're planning on seeing Broadway shows. The little restaurant next door was good for a drink and we had a pretty good dinner there one night as well. The breakfast prices are way too high so we just went up to the Red Frame a block away for breakfast.If I got an extremely good rate, I'd stay here again but otherwise I've found quite a few other places I prefer.	
Feb 18 2008 	Worth staying	Thanks everyone for reviews about this hotel.it really helped to choose . Mela is in a great location.no view to NY though..windows are facing offices.Clean rooms, nice staff.good value. Doesn't smell. i had a bigger room after a little bit of discussion but still.....we paid 220 dol. per night.	
Feb 17 2008 	A little boutique gem	I come to New York regularly on business, but usually pay for my own travel expenses, so am always on the look-out for cool but good value places to stay, around the Midtown area. Hotel Mela is definitely somewhere I'd come back to.I booked a four-night stay through hotels.com, on a good value 'fourth night free' deal; though breakfast isn't included in the room rate, there's a bistro next door which does a very reasonable selection of eggs/cereals/coffee, or there are plenty of delis and Starbucks within a few steps outside. My room - a superior king - was small, like all New York hotel rooms, but very clean and freshly furnished, with some space to hang up clothes. I could have done without the gigantic basket of minibar-type nuts and biscuits which took up precious desk room, and there was no room in the fridge to keep a bottle of water cool, but the lighting and mirrors made the room feel spacious and airy. The room had a bath and a good powerful shower, housekeeping was excellent, and rooms have free wifi - a major plus. (I really hate it when hotels charge for wifi; it's so mean!)Hotel Mela doesn't feel quite as cool as Night Hotel or as buzzy as Hotel QT round the corner on W45th, and there's no bar for meeting people in. But the staff are friendly and helpful, the location's great, and it's definitely good value for money. It's on my list for my next trip.	
Feb 14 2008 	Excellent	We have just arrived back from New York having stayed for 4 nights at the Hotel Mela. We had a fantastic holiday which was complemented by great accommodation. Our room was just as is pictured on the hotel's website and it was ready when we arrived early. The towels were changed daily, there was a hairdryer supplied and there was free wi-fi. The room was quiet, which is amazing as Time Square is just a few steps away. It was thoroughly cleaned daily and the bathroom had a very powerful shower - just what we needed after a long day of sight seeing. All of the staff was friendly from the concierge to the house keeping. We would definitely recommend this hotel for a great location and comfortable stay.	
Feb 12 2008 	Hotel Mela Fantastic find at amazing price!	It was our first trip to NYC. The first three nights we stayed at Grand Hyatt but loved the city so much we decided to extend our stay by one more night. Hyatt wanted $300 for one night! I said thanks and checked hotwire site from the business center. Found a 4 star hotel near Times Square for.....$134/night!!!! It turned out to be Hotel Mela. Small, boutique type hotel. Very small room but furnished with all necessities with nice touch such as ice bucket and wine glasses. Small but very functional bathroom with shower stall. All smelling new, clean - fantastic place. Even decor was funky and modern, hotel must have been renovated recenly. No amenities except for gym and laundry room but the location was 1/2block from Times Square with tons of places for coffee, dinner, etc. etc. Recommend for shorter stays, without kids - as the room was really tiny. Staff at front desk (particularly Jean Marc) super friendly and helpful. Would stay there again for sure and highly recommend it.	
Feb 12 2008 	Great location friendly staff boutique hotel...	I recently returned from my one week trip to NYC, where I stayed at Mela Hotel. The location is great: very close to Times Square, with all public transportation within walking distance (take the S train from Grand Central to Times Square), but at ease of West 44th Street. Good restaurants and Dinners all around the place. The staff is friendly and very efficient, being able to accomodate all our requests (reservations to restaurants, theatre, late chek-out, extra towels, etc...). The room is neat, clean, with a comfortable bathroom, where I could find all the most needed items. I would definetly reccomend Mela Hotel.	
Jan 31 2008 	Very good hotel great location	Hotel Mela was in a great location, especially for someone who wants to visit New York. It's a very good deal.Although I was raised in the area, I wanted to book one night in a central NYC hotel that was a little different, and Mela fit the bill.Access to subways and trains is great via times square stops, and Times Square area has a lot of good (although potentially crowded) eating choices and some good bars as well.The hotel is nice, we showed up at 7:30 AM from the red-eye and were given a room on the spot. That was unexpected (checkin is 3) but a Great thing, we took our naps and were ready to go for the day/night by noon. (PS, they also gave us late checkout at 1:30 the next day, nice!).The hotel is clean and a little bit fun. The minor issue we had was that the front desk was a bit slow when we wanted to check out and have them hold our bags. I think they had a rush of people doing the same, and only one person at the desk. They handled our bags well and we got them hours later on the way to our next destination. Everyone is very nice.If you want to stay in Mela I would suggest finding a deal using one of the deal websites like Expedia, especially if you are ok with a smaller room. Our room was small, but very comfortable, bathroom was great, heating worked great (it was freezing outside) and I would stay here again.If you're looking for a good deal, you should try Mela.	
Jan 30 2008	Great location very good service	Great location, right in the heart of midtown but on a fairly quiet side street. Very good service from very accommodating and courteous staff. Very nice Asian restaurant with good food and service. Would definitely stay here again. Got a good deal on hotels.com so good value too.	
Jan 29 2008 	Wonderful Location	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Mela last weekend for one night while we were attending a corporate event at the Hard Rock Cafe. I have to say that the best thing about the hotel is the location. We live in Connecticut, so we took the train into Grand Central Station. The Hotel Mela is about a 5-10 minute walk from the train station and was very easy to find. It is also literally around the corner from the heart of Times Square, right in the middle of all the action. Our event that evening was black tie, so I had to walk to the Hard Rock in heels! I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was right around the corner from the hotel. My feet were so thankful at the end of the night. We were also pleased to find the most wonderful deli about two doors down from the hotel. We found everything there from Advil to awesome breakfast sandwiches. They also had great coffee. It was definitely a plus to find it so close to the hotel. The hotel itself is very cute. The elevators are tiny, and we and our friends who were with us got a good laugh out of the 4 of us trying to cram ourselves and luggage into the elevator! The room we stayed in was a Superior Queen room. Although it was very small, it was clean, comfortable, and perfectly adequate for an overnight stay. The bed was extremely comfortable, which was so nice after a night out on the town. The only complaints I had were that one of our lights was burned out and it did take a while to get hot water in the shower. I had to let the water run for about 10 minutes before I got it. That is pretty typical of an old building in the city, so it really didn't bother me too much. The rooms must have very thick walls, because other than a little street noise (also typical of the city) we did not hear noise from any other rooms or guests in the hotel. We were surprised at how quiet the room was. I would recommend the Hotel Mela for a one or two night getaway to NYC. If you are looking for a cute boutique hotel with a great location, this is a great place to go. I would not recommend it for business travelers, or for people traveling with small children.	
Jan 29 2008 	A diamond in the rough.	Booked Hotel Mela via Hotwire.com for $134 -- by far the best value I've ever gotten dollar-for-dollar in NYC. Mela does not offer the views of Times Square that a hotel like the Millennium does, but what it lacks in size it makes up for in quality and personal attention. All of the staff were pleasant and helpful in every way possible. They let us check in early AND gave us a free room upgrade. The hotel itself is chic and modern without being ostentatious. The rooms are well-appointed with comfortable beds, flat-screen TVs, thermostat-operated climate control, and more. The bed and linens are both extremely comfortable and there is an abundance of pillows made available to you. The bathroom was nice, with a rainforest showerhead and wonderful toiletry products. Location is excellent, right off of Times Square on 45th Street. Just far enough to not have to step right into the throngs of sightseers when exiting the hotel, but close enough that you can soon join them if you desire. There is also convenient access to the subway, with the Times Square/42 St entrance right around the corner.My only regret is that I didn't book my entire trip at Hotel Mela. We stayed there for the last night of a 6-night trip and it was the perfect way to cap our trip. I would highly recommend Mela, especially if you can find a good price (rack rates on their website are in the $350+ range).All in all, I highly recommend this hotel and hope to return.	
Jan 23 2008 	Disappointed!!	I went to New York and took my 15 year old daughter with her two cousins and my sister in law. My daughter and I stayed at Hotel Mela. Two of the nights when we returnned to our room to sleep after a wonderful day of shopping and dinner we could not stay in our room because the marijuana smell coming from another room down the hall was overpowering! We notified the desk and they said they could do nothing but move us for the night. But I am hear to say if I was at the Ritz or any other upscale hotel they would do something to take care of the people causing the problem! They would not inconvience me by having me sleep in a different room for two nights. We had to take our pajamas and toiletries and sleep in another room on another floor because the smell was unbearable. I was not excited about experiecing something like this especially on a mother/daughter trip. No compensation just inconvience for us by having us move. They made us be inconvience for the two nights that these people were staying at the hotel and smoking marijuana. No apology upon checkout, no offer to compensate for the two nights we were inconvienced. Nothing. I would say that is not good customer service or good management at all.	
Jan 17 2008 	Can't complain would stay again	We booked via a last minute web deal inc flights with Delta (flight empty both ways- brilliant) The Mela is bang on Times Square but not noisy, and near some great irish bars. We had a standard room which was average size and nicely appointed (similiar to UK Malmaison) we were pleased with the room, and the staff. On the second night we encountered a problem in the room (common in NYC mostly unavoidable) but the night manager immediately transferred us to a suite and refunded that nights cost- can't say fairer than that. I would recommend the Mela and stay there again. Their reaction to our problem means that this review is fair and I am not going to dwell on the issue we had, They sorted it quickly and efficiently.Its clean, central, good value and modern, Our first room had a shower and bath the second room a large walk in shower, the in room toiletries are very nice.Most NYC rooms are very small, these are average, but you do get a flat screen tv, desk etc etc, all nicely done.Staff were all friendly and efficient.	
Jan 10 2008 	Midtown Treasure	The Hotel Mela proved to be a delight. The service was outstanding from the moment we arrived. The staff are way above average and all of our requests were honored immediately. The hotel has a superb location right off 6th Avenue within a block or two of most of Broadway, yet is very quiet. This hotel provides extraordinary value. We will certainly stay there on future trips when we need a hotel in NYC.	
Jan 9 2008 	Incredible Boutique Hotel	This hotel allowed us to have an incredible experience while we visited NYC. The staff was very accommodating-fun-professional. Being from the south we were somewhat dismayed by the the demeanor of other staff at nationally branded hotels. The hotel Mela had such a warm and inviting feel, very clean, lovely decor and the staff could not do enough for us! This hotel stands way above the rest!	
Jan 9 2008	Amazing NYC Hotel Mela	We had stayed at Hotel Mela when it first opened in 2007 right off Times Square in the Theatre District. It was my first US boutique hotel experience in a while and was quite wonderful. We returned in 2008 and I can say unequivocally it was amazing! The front desk staff were so acccomodating, friendly and professional at check-in and throughout our five day stay. The maids were efficient and did a terrific job each day. The rooms are done in gorgeous shades of black, beige with splashes of a yummy green. And, concierge Tyrone made our experience complete. He was so professional, competent and kind in each request. I am sure this is a terrific hotel for the weary business traveler because of the friendly service and attention to detail. For a hardworking theatre patron/tourist, it was awesome. Every request was taken seriously and professionally. And, we felt safe - thanks cute doormen! From top to bottom, the hotel was immaculate. The workout room was great and new adjacent restaurant served delicious food with a friendly wait staff. We have traveled all over Europe and US in the last two years, and this was by far, our best experience to date. So, although I hope everyone who reads this will check them out, don't go in January - we are going to need them again! Hotel Mela rocks!	
Jan 8 2008 	Great Security 	Stayed for just a night late December, and locked some credit cards in the hotel room safe. Almost two weeks later, I realized I left them there... called the hotel and they had sent them to lost and found. They sent them back to me at my expense. I did ask them why they hadn't called me since the hotel booking was in my name-and they said because wanted to be discreet. Did stay there with my one and only-but I can understand them not wanted to call me. The hotel was very clean-rooms small-it's NYC-very safe- very professional front desk staff. Housekeeper Josianne-very professional, and only a block from Times Square. I would recommend to anyone. You get what you expect. Good expereince!	
Jan 7 2008	great front manager at Mela	As a medical doctor,I attend every year the cardio-vascular symposium at the Hilton hotel,beginning of dec.Every year on this occasion I try to stay in a nice,good situated hotel.So I decided this year to book the Mela hotel,inspired by a very pos review in the Spanish magazine,&quot;Ella&quot;.I did book a junior suite.As due to the holiday season and the shortage of rooms ,the room I got was not really what I expected,I was whitout any discussion upgraded by the front desk manager to a luxury suite.I enjoyed my staying very much!This is what I call exellent service and so the Mela hotel in New-York is my hotel of preference in New-york and I love to come back	
Jan 6 2008	I done good!	Not knowing what to expect having never visited New York, we were pleasantly surprised by Hotel Mela. The price was very affordable for mid Manhattan in summer ($221/night) and the rooms were lovely. Location was everthing and allowed us to walk or take the subway to most everything. We hit 9th Ave. amost everynight to eat, affortable, walkable and just enough off the tourist beat to have great food and interesting folks. We booked the king sized bed and I believe one step up from the regular room. It was small, but suited our purposes beautifully. Well until we discovered the water leak in the bathroom, but before we could even moan over our misfortune the staff has us whisked away to another room, an upgrade and it was delightful. Walls a little thin, so if you are going to be upset by the crying child, yes we heard them, then not the place for you. But who goes to New York to spend much time in their room and frankly not sure how long the poor kid cried as we were in our rooms to sleep or long enough to have a beverage, nap, shower and out again. The Hotel Mela was wonderfully clean, met my white tissue standard. It may not fare well over the years as it is an older building, but as long as the staff continue to keep it as clean as it was when we were there, it's a definite must.	
Jan 6 2008 	Wonderful experience!	After reading all the reviews on this hotel, I knew this was going to be better than my first visit to NY city (I previously stayed at comfort suites). Hotel Mela was just half a block awhile from Times Squares and a few blocks from Bryant Park making it a great location. The hotel desk was busy when we first arrived at 8AM and I wasn't expecting our room to be ready. To our surprise they had a room ready and we were able to shower and nap. Our room was clean and nice (we had a superior) with a surprisingly good sized bathroom (had a bathtub with a window seat). During the night our AC failed to work and had to sleep with windows open to get the air flowing within the room. The next morning we informed the front desk that our AC was not working and a repairman was sent up. He suggested to the front desk that we be moved to another room. To our suprise we were upgraded to an executive junior suite! It was lovely with a sitting room and a larger bed. I definitely would recommend and return to Hotel Mela!	
Jan 4 2008	Absolutely LOVED The Mela	I stayed at The Mela over the 2007 Christmas period (5 days). I booked two rooms, one for me and the hubby, the other for my family. I had an absolutely fabulous time! I couldn't recommend this place more.It is a boutique hotel, approximately ONE block from Times Square. Surprisingly though, it was relatively quiet. The hotel is not very big, so don't go there expecting LARGE rooms, but they are absolutely beautiful and well-appointed.The rooms were so cute. They have flat screen TVs, beautiful decor, comfy pillowtop beds and cute drapes. Both rooms were Superior rooms and they were big enough for us. The bathrooms were very nice. Our bathroom had a shower, the other room had a tub. The housekeeper replaced shower products daily, all of which had really neat packaging and smelled heavenly.I was incredibly impressed with the service. This hotel thinks of everything. They had complimentary apples at the front desk (We were in the Big Apple afterall, and Mela actually means apple in Italian). It rained once while we were there and the hotel gave out complimentary umbrellas with the logo for us to use outdoors. How clever. It's also great promotion for the hotel. LOL. We were looking for a restaurant and EVERYONE jumped up to help us. They even called the restaurant to ensure that it was open before we headed out there. Whenever we had a request it was IMMEDIATELY dealt with. The staff was so nice, funny and accommodating. They really made you feel special. There is this great deli a few doors down that we would go to for quick snacks and breakfast. It was also very reasonable. If you're in New York for a couple of days, take one of the hop-on, hop-off city tours. It was a great way to see the city, learn about its history and a CHEAP way to get around. The only thing I hated about New York was the amount of smokers around. I think I officially have lung cancer. Carry your gas mask. Overall, I give The Hotel Mela two thumbs up and 10 stars! You won't be disappointed. P.S. Oh, the reviews were dead on about the size of the elevator. They are pretty small. It was a great conversation starter in the elevator, though. LOL.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great NYE Stay @ Hotel Mela	My husband and I went to NYC to see the NYE Ball Drop in Times Square and stayed at the Hotel Mela for 2 nights. The overall hotel décor (from the lobby to the rooms) was chic and contemporary. It was very reminiscent of the style of W Hotels. The location is great as its half block away from Times Square and there’s a handful of casual restaurants/delis in close proximity to it. Overall – we really enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend it and go back .....I will preface by saying that everything about the hotel is small - the lobby was smallish, elevators were small, and rooms were small. But you just gotta understand that its NYC… space is a premium here. So keep an open mind - you didn’t come to NYC to stay in your room all day anyways! Details below.Front Desk/Lobby/Service - The front desk folks were very welcoming and helpful. They seemed genuine in wanting to take care of their guests. We had a small issue with the room next to us. The front desk addressed it quickly and even offered to move us to a different room. As someone else mentioned, they burn these very aromatic candles in the lobby – which is a nice welcoming touch. There was seating area lavishly furnished with deep red velvet couches which gave it such a nice character. The elevators were small (not as small as some in Europe), but since there were 3 or 4 there was never a long wait (even after the NYE Ball Drop with many guests heading back to their rooms). Lastly, there is a small concierge desk that was available.Rooms – We stayed in Room 802 which was a Superior Queen room. The room was very clean and you could tell the condition was well kept. The bed was the focal point and was VERY comfortable. There was also a plasma TV and refrigerator. The bathroom was beautiful (nice hardware, tile, linens) and supplied with H20 products. The only drawback was the room size. I will be honest and say the rooms were like “bedrooms”, rather than hotel rooms. No hallway or anything – when you walk in, you are literally 2 or 3 feet away from the bed. There was a wardrobe closet with a few hangers and drawers, but that’s it for storage. We didn’t mind it so much - we kept most of our stuff in our suitcase which was set on top of the window sill. I personally think they did a good job of optimizing space with the small room sizes. In a nutshell: Great service. Good clean room in a chic boutique hotel located in a prime location.	
Jan 1 2008 	A midtown gem	Hotels in New York are notorious for taking the business traveler for granted. They charge a lot and frequently just don't care what your experience was because they know you will be back. The Mela is NOT that kind of hotel. From the guy at the front door through check in to the manager or the maid, you will feel welcomed here. It is not a large hotel or a new hotel. But, it has been remodeled with flair, fun colors abound. All of the amenities are there - internet, bottled water, nice shampoo, conditioner, soaps, etc. The mattress was great, sheets were fresh and smooth. Every thing that I observed was spotlessly clean. When I was there it was pouring rain. One of the employees stood by the door with complimentary umbrellas, making sure that each guest who wanted one, had one. When they ran out, they ran to storage for more and were back again within minutes. These were nice umbrellas, not those junky ones that only open once and turn inside out at the least gust of wind. Clearly, the management is working to build a client base and they have my vote. When I am in the city, I will stay there.Thanks for a great experience.	
Dec 30 2007 	Mela is #1 in customer service	Hotel Mela is a chic and hip hotel in a great nyc midtown location. Booked our reservation on priceline, and confirmed by telephone too that room could accomodate our family of four. However on arrival, the room could not accomodate our two teens and two adults. The manager Chris Swaim was extremely responsive and understanding. There were no other larger rooms available, since it was New Year's Eve weekend. So, Manager Swaim booked us for the Penthouse at no additional charge! Penthouse was sensational. Soothing contemporary design, with luxurious bedding. Spacious, phenomenal panoramic view of city and luscious bath products. Hotel very accomodating too for early arrival and late check out.	
Dec 27 2007 	Better than ever	I surprised my husband with a trip to NYC as a pre-Christmas present. He knew nothing about the trip until we arrived at the airport. I decided early on to stay at the Mela again as our last trip in April was a wonderful experience. This trip they outdid themselves. We were greeted by John Paul who remembered us from our previous trip, making us feel like we were visiting old friends. We received an upgrade when the ever friendly Megan checked us in and our room was spectacular. I worked with Freddie on my reservation as I wanted everything prepaid prior to our trip, since it was a gift for my husband. He was delightful to work with and I was a bit disappointed he wasn't at the front desk when we checked in. He called our room 15 minutes after we settled in and I told him we were heading out and would make sure to stop and see him as he wanted to know how my husband took the surprise. Imagine that, someone at a hotel that really cares. My husband was thrilled we were once again booked at Hotel Mela. It's a hotel where the entire staff is genuine, friendly and fun to be around. We won't stay anywhere else when going to NYC.	
Dec 27 2007	Hotel Mela is a delight	I treated myself to a Broadway show during the holiday season. I didn't realize that the hotel itself would be just as wonderful a treat! Hotel Mela is perfectly located on a quiet street in the heart of Times Square. From the moment I first walked into this modern hotel, the friendly staff treated me as if I were a frequent guest. My cozy room was thoughtfully designed and well appointed - from luxurious bed linens to ample lighting to the rain showerhead in the bath.I have stayed at several of the larger hotels in New York through the years, and I cannot remember a time that - travelling as a single woman - I felt more comfortable than at the Hotel Mela!	
Dec 12 2007 	Elegant home away from home for the business traveler	Wonderful service and attention. The Hotel itself is a design lover's dream with well appointed rooms, plush sleeping set-ups, and very clean as a whistle. Situated a stone's throw from Times Square on 6th on one side and Bryant Park on the other (Ave of the Americas)-you are perfectly positioned for a great time. Don't forget to try the chow at Sagu downstairs-delicious French Vietnamese, ask for Phillipe!	
Dec 11 2007 	A Friendly Spot	At a time when hotel rates were through the roof, as it was the holiday shopping weekend, we were able to get this 4 star hotel at a very reasonable rate. What a gem! This is a boutique hotel, with comfortably simple decor, located just one block off of Time Square, so convenient to everything. As close as it is to the hubub, it is very quiet. ( Well, there is some street work being done across the street that involved jack hammers during the day....but we were usually gone by then) The rooms are small, as are most in NY, but certainly adequate. The beds and pillows are ultra comfortable. The hotel is very clean....I don't think I have ever seen such a large and efficient housekeeping staff. The toiletries, robe, minibar and munchies are all top notch. All of the staff are exceptionally friendly and helpful. The concierge, Tyrone, was especially helpful in finding and making dinner reservations,suggesting shops, helping us in using the subway,arranging car service for return to JFK, and even scoring nicely priced tickets for the sold out Jersey Boys at the last minute! The hotel is connected to one restaurant, of Asian cuisine...and there is another on the other side, St. Andrews, Irish-Scot menu. We ate at St. Andrews and were not particularly impressed. There is no free breakfast here, but you can get room service. All in all, we were very delighted with our choice, and we would stay here again.	
Dec 8 2007 	Not what I had hoped	I was there just one night, in town to see the Rockettes. After a long day of travel and sight seeing all I wanted was a hot shower and a good nights sleep. All I got was a good nights sleep. No hot water in the shower. Management did refund nearly half of my bill after a few e-mails. Room was very clean, staff friendly, lobby unremarkable. Excellent location, but a little pricey.	
Dec 5 2007 	How does that housekeeper make that bed???	Clean rooms, great location, and friendly staff. The bathroom was descent and the toiletries were great. The hotel needs to rethink a few things:1. I booked a room for 2 people, although in the end I was the only one able to go. As a result, I think I got the smallest room in the building - only a full size bed (not queen) and less than a foot of space on only one side of the bed to get into bed (see the pictures)2. The hotel needs to rethink the lighting in the room (607). The room only had one central light fixture with florescent bulbs. Then there are two LED &quot;reading lights&quot; above the bed. Not enough light after dark (again, see pictures)3. Think about mounting the LCD TVs on the wall - or move the placement of the basket of mini-bar goodies. It gets in the way	
Dec 5 2007 	Overpriced stinky bathroom rooms that are beyond tiny	Bottom line: wouldn't stay here again.i stayed here because i like the central location and the sofitel was incredibly expensive. this place was no bargain but $200 cheaper than the sofitel.Nice people - doormen, guy at front desk - but a pretty lackluster hotel. The rooms are beyond tiny. I was asked if I was going to be using a desk in my room because rooms that had queen size beds didn't have desks (don't fit). I was so i got a full size bed that was squeezed into a corner. the shower was less than 3' x 3' and the shower head sprayed out into the bathroom as you adjusted the water.The real ick of the experience was opening the door into the bathroom - the stench of mold/mildew/must was overpowering. If it wasn't so late in the day and I had already prepaid I would have switched hotels and paid more. Another traveler I met in the elevatorsaid his room had the same issue with the stench.the smoke alarm also decided to start beeping at 3am (needed a new battery) and there was a houseekeeping cart seemingly permanently stationed on the floor, but not the biggest issues.	
Dec 4 2007 	It was GREAT	It's all in what you are looking for. We were there for two nights ($250 per night-deal at travelzoo.com) for the tree lighting at Rockefeller Center.The comments and photos (both official and by contributors) are accurate. The rooms are small and facilities minimal (fitness room on second floor/ restaurant next door). It is not a resort and is not advertised as such.But it is convenient, clean, and elegant.	
Dec 4 2007 	Horribly Overpriced	This is a prime location next to Times Square, but the hotel is nothing special. The rooms and beds are small. I got a twin bed which was shorter than I am. The view from the window was a brick wall. There was no time of day in which sunshine reaches the 3rd floor room I was in. The hotel tries to imitate the W with the same music and style points in the lobby and other areas, but I've stayed at the W Times Square and the Hotel Mela is not in the same league.	
Dec 3 2007 	Great Trip	So my wife and I took a trip from Boston to NYC for the night and we wanted to do the tourist thing and see Times Square, the Empire State Building, and Rockefeller Center. After reading all the reviews here at Trip Advisor, we chose Hotel Mela. We arrived at the Port Authority and from there to the hotel it was about a 5-10 minute walk. Hotel Mela is right off Times Square and it's amazing how much that side street calms down, it was very peaceful and quiet. Hotel Mela's lobby is plain, but clean and classy. They have 3 elevators which are a small. Any more than three people would be a problem. I was worried reading all the reviews about how small the rooms are but I was very surprised to find our room with a Queen size bed was larger then some other hotels I have stayed in. If staying for more than a couple days, it might get a little tight with luggage, but room size was not an issue for us.The room was very clean and everything looked brand new. It's the first hotel I have stayed in that didn't smell like a hotel. I'm kind of a clean freak and I felt so comfortable.The bathroom was very modern and nice, the shower products, as everyone here has said, were great. I didn't even bring my own.One problem with the shower door was it only covers half of the actual shower. Water went all over the floor, not a problem for me but more for the cleaning people I guess.The only issue I had was the price. Unless you get some kind of special deal, this is an expensive hotel to stay at. I guess I feel like they could have done more for us considering how much the room cost. But the room was so clean, the location perfect for walking all over Manhattan, and my wife and I felt very safe there so to pay a little more for all of that is probably worth it.	
Nov 30 2007 	Great location not much else	I can't believe all the 5* reviews this place has. It is in a great location, half a block from Times Square and an easy walk to 42 Street, Broadway, etc, but apart from that, this hotel is over priced and offers little.Rooms are small, and there are no facilities at all. You enter the main door, and there is a reception desk. A little further in there are a few chairs outside the lifts. That's it. No bar, nowhere for breakfast, no gym, no pool, nothing.I was there 3 nights, and on two mornings there was no hot water. AFTER complaining, I received a $50 reduction per night. As all they offer is a bed and a shower, I would have expected a much bigger discount when one of the two items I'm paying for isn't working.I was at reception checking out while at least 5 other people called to complain about no hot water. None were offered discounts.If it was cheap, I'd score it highly. The location is great, but it thinks it is a &quot;boutique hotel&quot; and can justify high prices by having some red sofas in reception. I'm not impressed.Try the Millennium Hotel across the street if they have rooms.	
Nov 29 2007 	Fantastic!	We stayed at Hotel Mela in Nov for 4 nights. The staff were extremely friendly and even gave us an upgrade! The hotel is very modern and has a fantastic restaurant, Saju, attached. The location is ideal as it is half a block from Broadway and Times Sq. We walked everywhere from here.I cant express how wonderful this hotel is and recommend it to all who are looking for a hip New York break.	
Nov 29 2007 	Whoaa Dudes!!!!	Just returned from girly shopping/ sightseeing trip in New York and Hotel Mela was great. In the lobby you are greeted by friendly and courteous staff and the ambience is lovely, there are candles burning which give it not only a warmly feeling but they are scented too and so the lobby smells gorgeous! Rooms are just as good, and the H20 toiletries which are raved about were very nice (to allow for valuable space in my case for shopping I didn't even feel the need to pack toiletries as I knew I could use the good quality ones supplied). Rooms also had a turn down service on an evening and the maid was very helpful in asking if there was anything we wanted. Chocolates were left out each night which was a nice touch. We stayed in a deluxe twin in despite having 2 large cases and accumulating lots (and lots and lots!) of shopping bags the rooms were a good size. There is a huge basket of snacks in the room to tempt although as always in hotels these were overpriced. I personally don't see why you would need to tuck into these though when you can go to the fab deli a few doors down and get a whacking great feast of midnight snacks! If you are a bit peckish when you arrive the hotel does provide a complimentary snack and drink which is another nice touch. The deli down the road is also good for breakfasts. Despite been so close to Times Square I was surprised that you could't hear ANY outside noise (we were on the 8th floor) which was a big bonus. For anyone that hasn't been to NY before this location is excellent as Times Square is full of everything you could wish for in NY - the bright lights and lively atmosphere, a stack of fabby restaurants and close to the sub and to the shops . It is the best hotel I have stayed in when I have visited NY and what more could you wish for ... great price, quality rooms/service and well located. I will definitely return.	
Nov 19 2007 	Great location - V friendly staff	Location is spot on - literally 30 seconds off Times Square. Rooms are a bit small (we expected this anyway)- but decent amount of draw space/wardrobe meant we did not feel cramped. Rooms/Bathroom clean - great products. Staff really friendly and helpful. Stayed with my BF for x3 nights - my first time to NY and would recommend this place to anyone. Great deli 5 doors down for all your needs.	
Nov 18 2007	Don"t expect any service at Hotel Mela	The Day before I was to travel to New York, I became ill was hospitalized and couldn&quot;t make my trip...I called the Hotel Manager 4 times and never received a phone call back, what kind of Hotel calls it's self a superior hotel but can&quot;t call a client back? The Kicker is , the couple we were to travel withapproached the front desk during the time we were to be there and they advised them there were no rooms available . I hope nothing goes wrong during your visit.....	
Nov 13 2007 	FANTASTIC New York VALUE	Hotel Mela is a BEST BUY for New York City. My husband and I are picky travellers and have high expectations when we stay at hotels...especially in large cities. Hotel Mela is FANTASTIC.The hotel is ideally located in mid-town Manhattan. You can be in the &quot;hub&quot; of Times Square by walking 1/2 block west of the hotel or in the quieter &quot;higher end&quot; area of 6th and 5th Avenue by walking 1/2 block east of the hotel.It is a small boutique hotel with EXCELLENT service. Chris, who checked us in, was extra nice and helpful. The room was small, but this is NYC and they are all small. With that said, we had a nice little desk/chair area for our luggage and a separate area with bed, TV and night stands. The decor is modern with little extras of WONDERFUL bedding and nice H2O bath products. Also, the hotel is spotless and the maid service was excellent.I cannot say enough great things about this hotel. And, thank you, TRIP ADVISOR, for yet again, helping to steer us to a wonderful hotel find. You cannot go wrong with the Hotel Mela.	
Nov 13 2007 	Overall a good experience	Stayed at the Hotel Mela for 2 nights with my GF just for a weekend away. I found the rooms to be a little cramped but very clean... I didn't mind the size of the room since we were in NYC and not there to hang out in the room. The location is perfect for theater goers (even though we chose the weekend that the strike began, grrrrr) or anybody just looking to be a true NYC tourist. I would stay here again and would recommend it to anybody I liked :)	
Nov 10 2007	Great location cute hotel	I've stayed at this hotel twice for business, and will definitely stay again on future trips to New York City. It is close enough to the action of the big city, but small and quiet enough to give you solace when you need a break. They also have pretty good prices when you consider what nearby hotels charge. Yes, Hotel Mela's rooms are small, but so are most hotel rooms in NYC. The location of the hotel, coupled with its cleanliness, newly decorated modern rooms and the friendliness of the staff make up for the size of the rooms. Really, who spends that much time in their hotel room when Times Square is less than a minute away by foot?My only criticism about the hotel is that it can take forever for the valet crew to bring your bags (I waited 15 minutes one time). Other than that, I only have good things to say about this charming hotel.	
Nov 1 2007 	I can't possibly imagine a better place to stay in New York	Look, this hotel is in downtown New York. It's a stepping stone away from Times Square, a casual jog away from Central Park and mere minutes away from the Empire State Building. Please, please do not expect that you will get a large room!So, if you resign yourself to the fact that your room here is probably going to be smaller than your home bedroom, then there is simply nothing else negative to say about it. As stated before, the location is just perfect. The rooms themselves are exquisitely finished to the highest standard that I recall ever seeing in a hotel. It's not cheap, but by New York standards, it's certainly not expensive either and represents great value for money. In short, it's just a brilliant place to stay in New York. Highly recommended.	
Oct 29 2007 	Tiny room - too claustrophobic for anything but sleep!	I stayed at the Hotel Mela in early October 2007 for one night on a business trip to NYC. Someone else chose the room for me, and as soon as I arrived I was sorry I wasn't staying at the Marriott Marquis (where I've stayed many times). My review is pretty much word for word what &quot;Amaklo&quot; said about their stay (I think we stayed in the same room!)The room was literally only 2 feet wider than the queen bed. I had to go out to walk around Times Square until I was ready to sleep - I didn't want to be in the room! I also had to move the basket of food away from the TV to watch it, and the &quot;closet&quot; wouldn't fit full-length clothes! The bathroom was thankfully not extraordinarily tiny. Everything was clean, nice linens, etc. The staff was very friendly. It's conveniently located in the heart of Times Square. However, I will never choose to stay at this hotel again due to the size of the room.	
Oct 29 2007 	Excellent Hotel Price 	We booked our rooms through Priceline for $250/night. It was excellent! The rooms are a bit smaller, but it wasn't a big deal and your in New York, so what can you expect. The bathroom was extremely clean with nice H20 products. I would say this is more of a boutique type hotel, which is exactly what we were hoping for. We loved that it wasn't a chain, like Marriott. The staff was very helpful with any questions we had. We had a problem with our phone, and no sooner did my husband leave the front desk, a man was heading up the elevator. Problem fixed. Service was impecable, as was the room and hotel. Would definately stay here again &amp; recommend it!	
Oct 28 2007 	Great if you can get a free upgrade and get a deal on the price!	I booked this hotel because they were having a special rate (under $300). I booked the deluxe king, but they upgraded me to an executive room. The executive room was average size. I cannot imagine what the deluxe king room would have been like. The hotel staff is pleasant. I did not have any problems, but this is one of those hotels where it's fine now, but feels like it will pretty soon become a rundown hotel. The hotel is new, but it already has a that &quot;verge of being rundown&quot; feeling. I say it's fine if you not going to be in the room often, and you get a deal on the rate. The shower amenities were nice (h20 plus). The shower curtain and bathroom were clean. There were too many bulky couch and room pillows filling up what little space the room had. The bed was comfortable. There was a TV, but a huge basket full of snacks (which you will get charged for, but the prices are reasonable) blocks it, and there is nowhere else really to put the basket.	
Oct 27 2007 	Overpriced tiny room	I stayed at the Hotel Mela the night of October 25, 2007. My company paid over $500 (including taxes) for a room slightly bigger than a walk-in closet, with a view of an air shaft and a building under construction next door (which began at 7AM). I had to move the basket of overpriced candy and nuts over to the window sill so I could see the TV. I had to move the TV to find the light switch for the overhead light behind it. I know New York's expensive and the hotel rooms tend to be small but this was ridiculous for the price paid. i have no complaints with the staff, who were all professional and courteous. But I won't stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 23 2007 	Stylish Comfortable Sexy but small rooms	Got a great deal with hotwire.com on this property. The location is absoultely fantastic. 1 block from times square.The good: New, clean rooms, Luxury bed linen and towels. LCD TV with Cable, Great common areas and first class service. Restaurants nearby are very good and charge back to your room. Location is second to none and VERY New York. Decor is very stylish and Aircond worked perfectly. Great bed.The Bad; The rooms are small (but most Hotel rooms in NY are) and there is limited cupboard space. If youre travelling with a lot of luggage you may struggle. The room we had was lacking in Natural light as it looked onto a lightwell and other windows.Overall the hotel is charming and very well run. There is little to complain about but check out the room sizes if this concerns you. Keep in mind though that this Hotel represents outstanding value for money.I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 23 2007 	Wonderful hotel Wonderful location!!!	I read Trip advisor all the time and couldn't find a good review for a NY City hotel. This was newly renovated and didn't have any reviews at all. I took a chance and it was well worth it!!! The service was excellent, check in was great, and the rooms were clean. The biggest plus was the location - right at Times Square - you can't go wrong. I would definitely recommend and stay again!	
Oct 15 2007 	Great hotel	I stayed at the Hotel Mela on business Sept. 26-28. It was a great choice - new, clean, modern, great amenities (H2O products), fantastic location. I would definitely stay here again. The hotel staff also went out of its way to accommodate. Great shopping and food nearby as well.	
Oct 10 2007	Nice everything except size	We stayed in 1403. The first thin you see when you open the door is how close you are to the wall from standing at the door way. Our &quot;superior queen&quot; bedroom' square footage just barely had enough for luggage on the floor. Going back and forth to the bed, you had to be slightly careful not to step on your own stuff cause space is limited. Nice furnitureVery cleanNice bath and bath productsBut it felt like a tiny dorm room.Aside from that, the people at Mela were all great and friendly. The restaurant next door Soju? was pretty expensive but it's really convenient. Much of the time is spent outside of the hotel. We were so active in the day that by the time we got back to our tiny room, we just slept and didn't mind the small space anymore.The greatest asset Mela is the location, a 1 minute walk away from Toys R Us at Time Sqr. The service is great!	
Oct 10 2007 	!st Rate Hotel	We should have stayed at the hotel Mela last year and were relocated by the Manager to another Hotel uptown.Mr Lopez and Mr Nelson who are the general manager and front office manager offered us a return visit FOC for the inconvenience. So in Spetember we took the offer.................The Hotel is in a perfect location just off Times Square and very close to tube stations etc. The hotel from was a little hard to find in Sept as there were lots of scaffold in a next door building - so keep you eyes peeled for the Hotel signit has a chic lobby, the desk staff very polite and courteous.Our room was lovely and clean with very classy fixtures and fittings - as other posters have commented - some of the rooms are very small, that is my only negative comment on the Mela.A very nice place to stay.................cant wait to return!	
Oct 5 2007 	convient location	Hotel nice &amp; clean with large lobby, liked the ease of taking your own luggage without the hassles of over attentive bus boys looking for a tip, Room very nice the maid did us proud everyday &amp; the size 1407 14th floor was great, not too small at all as was wary of this judging by past reviews, could be a little noisy from the street but not the hotels fault.There was dirty trays outside rooms from the room service left over 24 hrs &amp; the linen cart left in the hallways but thats no biggy, nice touch having maid bring chocolates &amp; asking if more towels were needed every evening.Was a little disappointed on our final night having booked at 4.30am &amp; 4.45am wake up call for our flight home this didnt happen good job we set our own, apart from that id use again.Great location felt like smack in the middle of any direction we wanted to go, value for money tip half way through the week we discovered dunhills deli in the next street 45th? coffee $1 &amp; a great 2 egg potato toast &amp; bacon breakfast for £3.25 bargain!	
Sep 16 2007 	guilt-free luxury	as a frequent traveler to the big apple, i’ve stayed at a lengthy list of midtown accomodations. this, however, would be my first trip to nyc where i would be paying the bill rather than using the corporate charge. although swiping my own plastic, i refused to forgo my usual comforts; because when it comes to hotels in new york city, there are certain things that are simply essential (luxury and location) and others that are completely implausible (space and silence).i chose hotel mela because of its 4-star rating (luxury…check!) and, since i was on a mission to find the perfect party dress, its proximity to great shopping (location…double check!). beyond that, the price was unbeatable. i was visiting the city during fashion week &amp; the u.s. open, so rooms were scarce and prices were fierce. hotel mela was the only luxury hotel with an available room for less than $400 a night. i could barely believe it, myself!upon arrival, i was pleasantly suprised by the tasteful decor, friendly staffers, and comfortable (although teeny) quarters. i also adored the modern crimson lobby, the french-vietnamese restaurant, and flat screen lcd in my room. hotel mela can rival the swankiness of the paramount or hudson, but at a fraction of the cost. so, for a chic midtown experience with an extra bill in your pocket for broadway or babbo, you can pick up the tab at hotel mela with a smile.--blogger, dtpost	
Sep 9 2007	Very convenient very thin walls	This is a very trendy and recently furnished hotel, but the sound from the hallways and from the adjacent rooms really ruined an otherwise peaceful stay. :(The bed was excellent as were the furnishings, the hotel staff was courteous and checkout was fast and efficient.The location is very nice, right off Times Square.I had a king bed in the medium size room which was fine for one person, two would be okay too...the robe was very thin, the TV was good and the internet access was quick. The soaps were nice, the bathroom tastefully sparse and small.Storage was acceptable and the carpet was new and clean. The window decorations were good and the windows open, another plus if you are there when the air is cooler.The temperature controls were easy to use as was the alarm clock and TV.	
Sep 8 2007 	Shockingly bad hotel-waste of money!	I CANNOT believe that I just spent $400 for a room that barely even fit the &quot;queen&quot; sized bed we requested (it felt more like a full-sized). My husband and I could barely be in the room together at the same time with our luggage - there was nowhere to put it! There weren't enough towels for one person, let alone two, and there was no fan or exhaust system in the bathroom - so when you took a shower, the hotel room was also steamy. To make things worse, there is no coffee maker in the room - and it took me 5 calls to room service to even order my $8 &quot;pot&quot; (about 2 cups worth) of coffee. If we were going to be in town for more than one night, I would have left - TOO SMALL!On the plus side, it was clean, and everything in the room (furniture, bedding) seemed new. Good location if you like noisy Times Square and the theatre area, but I feel like I got ripped off big time!	
Sep 5 2007 	Small gem in Times Square area	There's a proliferation of new boutique hotels in this area, just one block up on W. 45th Street are the Hotel QT (by Andre Balazs) and Hotel Night (by Vikram Chatwal), both looked just as interesting, but overall, we were extremely happy with the Hotel Mela. There's something down-to-earth about all the staff we encountered, and the hotel doesn't try too hard to be cool or hip, it's just a great little friendly place.I was initially concerned, okay, down-right scared, about how small the rooms were going to be, especially because we had booked such a great rate. But upon check-in (during the Labor Day weekend no less) we were upgraded to a twin size room when asked if it were available. We did take a look at the other rooms, they vary in size and shape, and yes, there are two very small rooms that basically are just a few feet larger than the bed. But there are two places in this world where space is always cramped, and that's Manhattan and Tokyo. So just be prepared and brace yourself for smaller-than-usual rooms.The free wi-fi was a definite plus, there is also a LAN line in the room for those who prefer it. The last time I stayed at the Westin we paid $15 per day for internet, and it's like that in a lot of the chain hotels. A bit of a warning for those who need lobby ambiance and such: it's pretty small and has just about enough space for a few different parties to wait around. This didn't bother us one bit, and I was almost glad that they didn't waste a lot of money on the lobby and instead put it to good use in the guestrooms. We loved the H2O bath products as other guest mentioned. Come and stay here as soon as you can, it's been my experience that a lot of small hotels will start off with high end bath amenities, but when it comes to cutting costs, these are the first to go as they switch to less expensive generic brands.Now for my secret tips: right on the corner of 6th Ave and 44th St (walk out of the hotel and take a right, away from Times Square) there's a little silver street vendor who's coffee is surprisingly fresh, good and cheap! A soft bagel with cream cheese (no skimping on the cream cheese either) was $1 - read ONE DOLLAR! We brought these back to the hotel for a quick bite. My other tip is for shoppers: carry around the small publication in the room, Front Desk NY. There are SUPER HANDY maps of 5th Ave, Soho, Nolita, Meat Packing, and Chelsea that show the location of all the stores by name so it was easy to see exactly where you wanted or needed to go. We used these maps every day and it was really helpful when looking for restaurants and shops. By the way, we liked the staff so much that we brought back Magnolia cupcakes for them...and I was pleasantly surprised when the hotel's GM emailed to say thanks. From start to finish, we had a great stay.	
Sep 5 2007 	Back Again!	We stayed at this property in July and really liked it. It was convenient, clean and fun. We received a promotion for a $169 rate for Labor Day weekend and decided to stay for my wife’s birthday. When we arrived my wife informed them that it was her birthday and they upgraded us (and the other couple with us) to a small suite. It was a great room.Other reviews have talked about some issues:1. Small rooms: I have been in smaller rooms in NYC. The W New York has much smaller rooms. These rooms are on the small size but well appointed and outfitted. 2. The basket of goodies: In our first room I found this to be in the way, so when I arrived I put on top of the wardrobe (closet). Also I thought some of the prices for the items in the mini-bar were reasonable, such as $2 for a soda, many of the items were over priced but you don’t take them and go across 6th Avenue and get what you want at a Duane Reed.3. Amenities: It doesn’t have a concierge or a large staff but it does have room service and I found the front desk to be very accommodating and helpful. The bellboys were always asking us if we need anything.I have stayed in at least 10 different hotels in Manhattan and I would put the Hotel Mela at the top for the price. It is in a great location (particularly for first time visitors), it has great beds and its fun. That’s all you need.	
Sep 5 2007 	small room poor service = unhappy guests	Hotel Mela was a disappointment. After my stay this past weekend I would not return. The rooms were small, simple requests were not attended to, housekeeping did not clean our room until late afternoon, and there was an overall feeling that the staff simply did not care. The location was decent and lobby decor trendy. Those are the only highlights I can remember. I strongly suggest you book elsewhere. Hotel Mela is forgettable.	
Sep 3 2007 	5 days of Mela	My wife and I had a great time at Hotel Mela and look forward to returning. Thestaff was wonderful starting with the front desk upon our arrival. We were surprised to receive an upgrade on our room for our 8 year anniversary. Mela was very well located around Time Square and easy to pick up the subway to go south into SOHO, Chinatown and the Financial District. We saw Wicked at the Gershwin 8 blocks North. We also walked to David Letterman the second night of our stay. We could not have had a more enjoyable time in N.Y. I believe it is because we found the jewel right in the center. Hotel Mela not Central Park. However the Park was Fabulous.	
Aug 28 2007	Great Staff at the Hotel Mela	Our stay at Hotel Mela was quite enjoyable. Nice size room for a NYC Hotel..bathroom enormous. Nicely appointed with items one needs on a trip (iron/board, hair dryer, coffee maker &amp; misc. toiletries. LOVED their bath soap and shampoo. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Check-in and out was easy.This will be my hotel of choice whenever I visit NYC in the future.	
Aug 28 2007 	Excellent stay at Hotel Mela	We stayed six nights at Hotel Mela in mid July 2007 in a king deluxe room and we were extremely satisfied with almost everything about the hotel. Great location and friendly staff. The room was clean and with tip top modern interior decoration. Good value for money. The only thing we weren't fully satisfied with was that we experienced some problems with the complimentary wireless internet access, it was not very dependable.We can highly recommend a stay at Hotel Mela.	
Aug 27 2007 	Wonderful Hotel! Perfect Location	Third trip to NYC and third trip to Times Square. This hotel on W 44th Street is absolutely ideal with regards to location. The staff was phenomenal. They were so incredible. We were a party of three--- using a 2 twin bed room and a queen bedroom. There was plenty of space -- luxurious space and great bath products. All three of us had a great time and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. We just couldn't say enough good things about the staff and how comfortable the rooms were.	
Aug 24 2007 	Hip elegance near Times Square	With a great location in midtown Manhattan, spacious and well-decorated rooms, and friendly staff, this new boutique hotel is a good deal. We stayed two nights, with a 2-twin room for the kids and a King single for the parents. Happily, the rooms were bigger than the web-site photos indicated, with a cool blue-green decor, comfortable beds, high-end linens and soaps, and good lighting, creating a peaceful, quiet refuge from the city. An easy walk to the Top of the Rock, MoMA, Broadway shows, and subway lines. The bountiful mini-bar and candy basket, the good restaurants across the street, the grocery shop down the block, provided all services the hotel didn't have on site. The price was lower than comparable hotels in the area.	
Aug 23 2007	A most pleasant experience	We actually booked two deluxe rooms at Mela as our son and his girlfriend were accompanying us for the five days we were visiting New York. In advance of arrival I had requested higher floors, as I had heard the noise levels from the street could be bothersome and was very pleased to find the kids' room was on the 15th floor and ours on the 11th. Even though both rooms faced 44th Street they were very quiet indeed.The kids' room seemed a bit smaller and had a bathtub. Ours had a desk and shower only, which suited us fine. Yes, the rooms are small, but beautifully appointed, luxurious even and as we were pretty well there only to sleep, it was no big deal.The staff certainly were friendly and attentive, providing extra bathrobes and promptly delivering additional toiletries like shampoo when required. Never left or entered the hotel without an enthusiastic &quot;enjoy your day&quot; or &quot;welcome back&quot;. That was nice.Location is excellent, lots of thngs to do within walking distance and great restaurants and bars right on 44th.Would definately stay at Mela again, ditto for the kids.	
Aug 23 2007 	made our stay the best!	We arrived in NY after a long indirect flight and really wanted to find a great hotel-with the hotel Mela this is exactly what we got!!Its everything you need and we HIGHLY recommend it.Why?- Spot on service..ian and john Paul (and all other we came across) on reception were really friendly, helpful and catered for our every request immediately. - Great location..just round the corner from times square, midtown ..thought we might hear noise but not a sound (we were on the 12th floor) think there were 17 floors. - Room was just what we needed for us..smart and modern..VERY comfy bed and great flatscreen tv. This hotel topped off our great holiday ..would definately recommend it to others and go back	
Aug 23 2007 	Simply Fantastic!!!	We arrived last weds, 15th and wow, what a surprise. Gorgeous hotel in a fantastic location. 200 yards from Times Square , what more could you want?Staff were very friendly, but not in an over the top way.We will be booking this hotel again, really dont want them to wish me happy birthday, how sad is that?	
Aug 21 2007 	Great Stay!	Great hotel close to Times Square. Stayed 5 nights, lovely room, comfortable beds and friendly staff.	
Aug 16 2007 	Can't wait to return to Hotel Mela	My husband and I just returned from a 3 night stay in New York. We only stayed one night at Hotel Mela due to using hotel points at another hotel. Our room was beyond our expectations. The room was a bargain at $209 a night, but I have a feeling that once they get people hooked (like us) the rate will rise. The room was very clean and nicely decorated. The room had a European feel and reminded us of a hotel we stayed in last year in Rome. My husband enjoyed the complementary in-room internet. The bed and bedding were so comfortable. We had a side room which was so quiet at night. We would have loved to stay our entire time at Hotel Mela. We can't wait to go back.	
Aug 15 2007 	great choice of hotel for our week in NYC	My wife and 14 yo son shared a small but clean and comfotable room for our visit to NYC. I called the hotel direct and spoke with Pamela in reservations who could not have been more helpful. we soon found that staff from domestics to concierge were pleasant and helpful without exception.Our room was cleaned daily and sheets were changed. The bathroom was small but adequate. The decor was contempory producing a relaxing airconditioned environment...a real haven in the heart of this vibrant city.the view from the window wasnt great...looking over rooftops..but for us the view wasnt that important. The bed was very comfortable. The location suited us well. Turn left and times sq is 100m away. Turn R and you are on your way to Bryant park with its.subway connection.The red flame diner is also about 100 to the right on leaving. Here you will get a reasonably priced hearty breakfast.No hestation in recommending this hotel.	
Aug 13 2007 	Great hotel in great location	We spent one night at the Hotel Mela. The room was very nice. The bathroom was also nice (and clean) with products from H2O. We had a package that included parking and breakfast at the restaurant next door which was excellent. The location is excellent - right off Times Square. Overall highly recommend.	
Aug 13 2007 	Lovely Boutique Hotel off of Times Square	Outstanding service, clean room, great location and value; what else could you possibly want? This is a boutique hotel, so you can't expect the rooms to be huge. If you want a large room, look elsewhere, but this is New York...how much are you really going to be in the room? The room I was in was actually a pretty good side; very comparable to other NYC hotels (that aren't boutiques). Flat panel television, lovely snack basket (with reasonable prices), mini bar, extremely well appointed room, clean bathroom, comfy bed with many pillows, etc. - this place is a winner. I got a hotel room, off of Times Square, for $199/night on a Saturday night in New York! I can't say enough about this hotel. I honestly thought about not posting a review because I don't want to give away this secret hotel! LOVE IT!	
Aug 12 2007 	Comfortable clean boutique hotel close to TImes Square	We stayed shortly after the hotel opened and enjoyed the clean, modern suite, with additional free upgrade. The staff was very accomodating and helped us with directions and recommendations. The hotel was very modern, quiet, but not too far from the tourist attractions and Times Square.	
Aug 10 2007 	wonderful experience	i spend 5 days with my boy friend in this amazingly clean hotel ! what a great location its real real good everything nearby and one step from time sequare! i loved living in the actionit was my 1st time to the state after 16hrs flight i found them so welcoming great stuff got to my room very quick . 4 days was enough in this hotel i been traveling and all along my trip i missed the ceanliness of this hotel there no other hotel like it.	
Aug 6 2007 	What a nice surprise	I chose it based on price and reviews.I was thrilled to walk into a room that reminded me more of a bed and breakfast decor instead of a stark hotel room.The view was brick courtyard.Flat screen tv, very comfy assorted pillows on the bed, which was also very comfortable.Little things like coffee not being replaced, used glasses not being replaced, having to order ice (which means a tip) instead of helping yourself. No biggie. Just things that should be standard. Might have been a new maid.They have a giant basket of chocolates and treats that you will be billed massive amounts of money for if you eat any of the food. Same with the mini bar. I was afraid to drop the basket as I had to move it around the room. There was not a lot of table top and they sat it right in front of the tv. The lobby is tiny. The elevator hold only about 4 people. It says 3000 pounds, but they are tiny. We never had to wait very long however, because there are not a lot of people in the hotel.It was nice to have a small hotel, short hallways, and 10 seconds from room to the street. Ok maybe 30.Staff was very accommodating. The little oriental restaurant attached to the hotel charges 24 dollars for a breakfast of juice, fruit cup, eggs, The coffee was 3.50 for a little cup. I was very ticked off at that.You can walk to a ton of places within 5 minutes.Even MacDonalds on the corner of 6th and 47th (3 blocks away).Walk to everything Broadway and around town. You can even walk from Penn Station if you don't have heavy luggage. Straight up 7th ave 10 blocks.When the rates go up I will go back to my main stay, The Edison, but it is really nice while it lasts.I will definately stay again if I can afford it.	
Aug 6 2007 	Small hotel good location	I booked one night at Hotel Mela based on a Travelzoo weekly Top 20 promotion. It was a great price for NY - $241 including taxes for a Friday night in April. I usually stick to Hilton properties, but figured I’d give Mela a shot for the great rate. I was looking forward to celebrating my birthday with Broadway shows and a brand new hotel.We checked in on my birthday, which was not acknowledged by the staff. We booked a superior queen room, and it was very small and poorly designed. There was less than 6 inches between the end of the bed and the dresser – barely enough room for person to get by. The bathroom sink had a glass shelf that was not flush against the wall and wasn’t level. I was afraid to put anything on it, as it dropped right off the back of the shelf! I know it is a minor nuisance, but still – how difficult is it to level a bathroom shelf?The location was OK, but I prefer to be closer to 7th or 8th Street. The room was clean, and the hotel was quiet enough. Overall, our stay was worth the discounted price. At regular prices, I would certainly not book Hotel Mela again.	
Aug 5 2007	Worst experience in NY	The hotel I normally stay at in NYC was booked. I booked the Hotel Mela as a package through US Airways. What an awful experience. The rooms were tiny--I listened to couple after couple beg to be put in a larger room only to be told it would be another $100 plus per night. There is no concierge and really no bell person. The front desk staff was very unhelpful even doing simple things like getting us a cab. It took 45 minutes just to get ice to the room. There is no way to get help with tickets or dinner reservations. We ended up using the services at the Marriott and the Broadway Millenium across the street.A large part of the space minus the bed in the room is taken up with a basket full of items they want you to buy and a charge bar. There is no drawer space and a tiny closet. Service seemed to worse for those who booked a package--probably figured we had already paid and there was nothing we could do.You can do a lot better in NYC.	
Aug 5 2007 	i liked it	i actually found this hotel immaculately clean, well proportioned and generally top notch...yes rooms arent very big but it is new york and we didnt find it a problem	
Aug 3 2007 	outstanding bargain!	I just returned from nine nights in the Hotel Mela, and I highly rec this hotel! It's brand new (opened in Jan 2007) and extremely clean. The beds are very comfortable, with fine/soft linens, and the towels are divinely soft Turkish towels! I stayed in one of the &quot;Superior Queen&quot; rooms, which is one of the smallest. However, it was well organized and more spacious than I expected. It was also very quiet! Even though the hotel is 1/2 block away from Times Square, I was NEVER woken up at any point by noise--that's amazing in NYC! The Spa bath products are wonderful, and it was nice to have the mini-bar fridge when I needed to keep something cold as well. The staff are are excellent--everyone is very friendly and welcoming, without ever being obsequious or condescending, as some other hotel staffs may be. I never had any problems at all when I was there! There are a few things this hotel doesn't have--it doesn't have a restaurant, although they do a room service at night from a local hotel. I never used it, because NYC is great for exploring, so it didn't bother me. However, if you're the kind of person who enjoys lounging in your room enjoying yummy room service, this isn't the place for you. They don't have coffee makers in the room, either, although the manager told me that they are getting them this fall--that will be great! They do have a nice exercise room--I never used it (NYC is my exercise!) but I did check it out and it was clean and had great equipment. The safes in room are great, and the flat panel TVs really save space. The alarm clock also allows you to plug in your ipod, which is awesome. They are also perfectly located, close to the Times Square subway, Bryant Park (and its subway), etc. I highly rec this hotel and hope they will be a big success--it's a great addition to the NYC boutique hotel scene!	
Jul 27 2007	Great Staff	Hotel was new and getting fixed up but once in the room, the stay was excellent. Gym was good from hotel gym standards. The best part was the staff, extremely friendly and helpful. Housekeeping was fantastic.	
Jul 25 2007 	Small but good	Spent 6 nights at the Mela - location is excellent - right next to Time Square but the street is quiet. Great diner, the Dunhill on 45th between 6th and 7th. Good Irish Pubs around on 45th as well - the Perfect Pint has a smoking terrace. The hotel itself is great - rooms are small we had a deluxe king - which was about as small as is comfortable for 2 people. But the location, the cleanliness, the decor and the H2O products really do make up for it. The staff are polite - we really only dealt with them at check-in. One word of caution - I did get the hotel to arrange a pick-up at JFK for me...which they did. Arrived no sign of the driver - couldn't get cellphone reception and we were afraid to move in case we missed him. Eventually, we called the hotel and the driver was outside at passenger pick-up. We had been told that he would wait for us inside the terminal...in the end the driver charged us €35 for the wait time - I should have complained at the time - and I don't know why i didn't. But overall - a great experience.	
Jul 22 2007	Great Location and efficient service	We stayed in New York in March and the hotel had only been opened for a couple of months. At the time the reception was very small and at a bit cramped, especially with people checking in and out of the hotel. The revolving door was not working and we all have to queue by a single door with all our suitcases. We found it funny that when it came to our turn, the doorman walked past us to help some girls behind us with their suitcases …well they were pretty.The first night my boyfriend tried to open the window and the handle came off however we only had to wait for a few minutes for someone to come and repair it.Everyday we overheard people complaining about their room size and elevator’s noise but we were lucky and had not complaints at all. By European standards we had a spacious room with all modern facilities and in a quiet part of the building. We loved the plump and cosy duvet and the bathroom productsThe location is excellent as it is in the midst of things, just a stone throw from the subway and bus stops. Will definitely stay here again next time we head to NYC.	
Jul 16 2007 	Cozy boutique hotel	I booked the Mela Hotel with a special rate through Travelzoo ($199/night). The rooms are very small, but the room was the perfect size for just me. I was a bit disappointed that there wasn't a desk in the room, as I was there for business and had to do work on my bed, but I must admit that the bed was very comfortable and I enjoyed the hypoallergenic sheets since normal hotel bedsheets normally make me itch like crazy. The staff was superb (and HOTT might I add!) and always responded to all my requests and questions quickly and with a smile. The location is also second to none for tourists, as it is right in the middle of Times Square and the theatre district. I would definitely stay here again if I were looking for a cozy quiet place in midtown Manhattan.	
Jul 11 2007 	Lovely hotel	My friend I and I stayed at this hotel from July 5-9/07.We did alot of research on hotels prior to booking. This turned out to be a great choice.The rooms were beautifully decorated.We had a twin room.The rooms are alittle on the small side but this didn't bother us. The hotel is located right next to Time Square and Theatres.You couldn't get a better location! The Hotel was very quiet.Service was great.Would highly recommend!!!	
Jul 10 2007 	Nasty Manager -KEN	I travel alot and majority of the time I book through a third party,(which means my room and tax have allready been paid for when I get to the hotel). The morning of my departure I recieved a bill with room and tax charges. I showed the front desk agent and she said it was probably a mistake but she had to inform her manager KEN. KEN was apparently the front desk manager on duty with a nasty attitude. He was arguing with me telling me my priceline reservation was not a prepaid reservation. I had confirmation showing that I paid $1700 forboth airfare and hotel charges, but he was insisting that I was wrongand that my confirmation was not enough information for him. After a while of arguing back and forth I left the hotel that morning and came back in the afternoon too find out the outcome of my &quot;PRE-PAID&quot; reservaion was indeed allready paid for by priceline!!That KEN was just pure nasty and obviously KEN can't apprehend what a manager should do. KEN, don't be to quick to judge, study the case before deciding on the status. BAD KEN! I think this is the time when a superior can learn from their agents.	
Jul 3 2007	Hotel Mela	I just returned from a week end in New York and stayed at the Hotel Mela, June 29-July 1. Though rooms are small, it was just perfect for me. Clean and well appointed, the rooms have hypo-allergenic bedding. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 1 2007 	Mela was great	My wife and I traveled from Atlanta and stayed here over a weekend in late June based on the reviews, and we weren't disappointed! It is very modern, clean, and wonderfully located in the Theater District. The room was perfectly decorated and very livable. The only negative is that everything is very small. As two women in the elevator (which holds four people maximum) said: &quot;It's like a minature hotel.&quot; The lobby was small, the room was small, the bed was small, the desk was small, the window was small, and the bath was small. I felt a little bit like a hobbit in Lord of the Rings. Having said that, the rate was good, the location was great, the staff was very pleasant, and all the furnishings were first rate. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 1 2007 	Great Hotel in a Fantastic Location	Having never been to New York before we had read reviews on so many hotels but found other travellers to be spot on with their reviwes of the Mela. We stayed in a double - room 713. The room was well appointed and decor was excellent. Room was clean and the bed very comfortable. It was a little on the small side, but hey we were in the heart of Times Square, and paid a very reasonable price for our stay !!. We could not fault the location or the staff. Would stay at this hotel again and have already reccommended to our friends	
Jun 28 2007 	A Nice Find	My partner and I recently traveled to NY. During a casual conversation with a friend who visits NY often he mentioned Hotel Mela. So I immediately came to TripAdvisor to get some reviews. i booked several hotels and in the end decided to stay at Hotel Mela.We arrived late Friday afternoon and were greeted by a courteous staff. We were a little concerned about the location since we did NOT want to be in Times Square. The hotel web site was accurate in saying they were a block or two away from Times Squre.Knowing that several folks had suggested I get a high floor room we asked for a higher floor after initially being given the 10th floor. We ended up with a room on the 16th floor. Wanted to make certain we avoided any street noise.The room was very nicely appointed. We booked the Executive Junior Suite. I wished I had looked at the Executive King since someone from the hotel mentioned he preferred the Executive King. Both had the same rate.It was hot in NY that weekend and our AC worked beautifully. Nice flat panel TV was also in the room. Pretty decent closet space.My one small gripe was the small bathroom. While it was very clean it was just small. We could never be in the bathroom at the same time and had to alternate using the sink and mirror. On the plus side the shower did have a window that allowed bright sunlight to come in. Of course folks on the outside could not see in.The conceirge was amazing. We often asked them to assist us with the address of a restaurnat for which we could not remember the name of the restaurant. Only the general street location. They also gave us great tips on where we should go to watch the PRIDE parade. Housekeeping was very good. We never saw them but the room was always cleaned. Turn Down service was cute.I would definitley stay here again. If you book on Mela's web site you might want to recheck rates periodically. I did this often and saw their rates flucuate....but not always UP as your visit date got closer. By checking in regularly I was able to LOWER our rates. The restaurant next door had just opened. They bill themselves as a Vietnamese French restaurant. Food was amazing. Be sure to include this hotel on your list.	
Jun 15 2007 	Fantastic Stay.....	This was my second time to NY, and i was looking for something centrally located. Got a fabulous rate booking directly with the hotel, and spent 5 nights in the Big Apple in late April. The hotel is brand new, and quite tastefully done. I agree that the rooms are on the smaller side, but they were well designed, making use of all space. I was very impressed with the decor, the staff were fantastic (very friendly and knowledgeable), and the location cant be beat! Literally 100m to Times Square!! And i got a room at the back of the hotel, and i was actually surprised how little street noise there was. There is no restaurant on site, but there are several little deli's in the street to grab some breakfast on the run, and plenty of restaurants around for evening meals. If you are looking for a Twin room, which i was, make sure you confirm this prior to arrival, as 'double' doesnt mean 'twin'.!! Will definately stay here again, and will reccommend to others!!	
Jun 13 2007	Added to a perfect short getaway	We were in NYC for business/pleasure. We have stayed at the Penn Club on W 44th St. before and love the location which is central to everything and just a few blocks from our business contacts.Although we had a slight glitch on checking in, (The door man took our luggage and told us it would be waiting in our room when we returned. Upon return, we were told by the front dest that they don't offer bellman service and had to bring the bags up ourselves - and this after giving the doorman a generous tip!) the rest of the stay was wonderful. Room was about average size for standard NYC and was well appointed and clean. Bed was extra comfortable. Heard no street noise at all. Fitness center had Life Fitness eqiupment in pristine condition and complementary fresh fruit and bottled water. Housekeeping staff went out of their way to be pleasant and helpful. Guests were cosmopolitan, quiet and pleasant. Spent wonderful late-nights at St. Andrew's Pub downstairs. Would gladly return.	
Jun 7 2007 	2nd Stay at Hotel Mela	I stayed at Hotel Mela, for the second time in the past four months, last weekend. I booked a Deluxe King this time (vs. the Queen Superior last time) and was very favorably surprised by the extra room in both the room itself and the bathroom. For NYC, it was actually a larger-than-average room. The H2O shampoo/lotion/bath gel are also super-sized! I paid $310 and booked on the hotel website several months in advance vs. the $200 I paid for the superior room in February. Once again, I had a great stay. The only negative was the very loud air conditioning unit which turned on and off literally every few minutes. The air conditioning also seemed to have a hard time keeping up with the heat which was hot - in the upper 80s - but by no means as hot as NYC can get.I highly recommend this hotel for people who don't need many hotel amenities like a large lobby, bar/restaurant, nice workout facility, etc. If you are coming to enjoy the city, it is a great location, on a quiet street off of Times Square, the rooms have great beds, high quality linens and bath amenities and they're new!	
Jun 2 2007 	Loved Mela	My husband and I stayed at Mela for our 1-year anniversary trip to the city (I got a good rate on travel zoo). The hotel was great – perfect location, clean and modern, and a nice staff.  After hearing so many people complain about the size of the rooms, we were quite surprised; there was plenty of room to get suitcases on both sides of the bed, and a small wardrobe to hang some things in. And besides- who comes to NYC to hang out in their room, anyway? Our hotel room was also surprisingly quiet at night. It was far enough away from the main street that we couldn’t hear the traffic. Comfy beds, too – we slept great! Oh, and we saved $$ by taking the AirTrain &amp; Subway to get here from JFK. I highly recommend doing that if you’re on a budget. Will definitely recommend Mela to friends.	
May 28 2007 	Not a four star repeat not a four star repeat not a four star.	Booked hotel thru Piceline, paid top dollar, thought I was staying ina four star hotel, Hotel Mela isn't anywhere close to a fourstart hotel. Staff was nice, lobby is congest and not 4 star, work out facilities below par, elevators are so strange, doors are only half size so they make getting on and off difficult, bathrooms are tight.If you go expecting a three star hotel and get it for a great rate (well under $300) you will be happy, if you pay top dollar and think you are staying at a 4 star hotel you will be greatly disappointed. Have never felt ripped off by a hotel stay before but this experienceleft me feeling mislead.	
May 22 2007 	Loved Hotel Mela!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Mela May 9- 16. What a great find! We were in New York to celebrate my birthday and had booked a standard queen room. My husband contacted the manager of the hotel Mr. Lopez and he kindly upgraded us to a deluxe king room. The room was a good size with a large bathroom. Furnishings were lovely and bed very comfortable. Style of room was quite modern. Housekeeping was wonderful- so friendly and polite. On my birthday I found a selection of mini cupcakes and a birthday card left on my pillow. I also peeked in a standard room and while small,it was still lovely and more than doable for two people. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. Great location, right off of Times Square, but far enough away from the noise. We will recommend the Mela to our friends and hope to return very soon. A great new addition to N.Y.C.!!	
