	$1800 STOLEN FROM MY ROOM BY HOTEL STAFF!!!...	$1800 Stolen from our room at the Sofitel New York Thanksgiving weekend...Both hotel security &amp; NYPD made a report &amp; said &quot;It was most likely an &quot;inside job&quot; &amp; good luck trying to recover the loss&quot;...I've contacted the hotel manager and he said &quot;deal with NYPD and NEVER contact neither him nor the hotel regarding the stolen $ again...They are NOT responsible!&quot;...I would assume a so called 4 star luxury hotel would hire only licensed/bonded professional housecleaning/staff working for them but apparently not!...I am warning everyone NOT to stay at this hotel...It is very overrated...We booked a &quot;luxury king&quot; room and upon arrival were given a small standard room with a queen bed because they claimed to be overbooked...After complaining for 20 minutes, the apathetic staff with faux French accents and major attitude finally agreed to comp us breakfast...Unbelievable!!! This definitely was the WORST hotel stay I've ever encountered in New York. I frequently travel worldwide for both business &amp; pleasure &amp; I have NEVER been robbed in my hotel room &amp; treated so poorly...Stay away from this hotel !!!	
	Stolen money and horrible customer service	Booked a luxury king room and checked into the hotel and were given our room key. We notice that the room was a queen room and called the front desk to make sure, and they said yes, you are in a queen room but that they were sold out so they would comp us a breakfast the next day and they would also upgrade us to a junior suite king room for our last two nights. We thought this was fair enough and accepted. The next day they had someone move our luggage to our new room and everything was going great. The hotel does seem a little dated, but not in a a run down kind of way. It's a great area if you like being near Times Square. They are pet friendly and we had our dog with us. If this was the end of this story it would be a wonderful one, but it is not.We were gathering our things to check out of the hotel and my partner noticed that our money had been stolen out of his shaving kit. This was about a couple thousand dollars. We immediately called hotel security and we insisted that they call NYPD. There was no indication that the room had been broken into so it was clearly a hotel employee. Also, that was all of the cash we had left for the trip and still had a full day in NY. The manager did nothing but let us keep the room until we had to leave for our flight. To top it off when we were checking out the person behind the front desk tried to charge us for the breakfast that they said they were comping for us. Now, I would think that this supposed luxury hotel would have had a note on our reservation stating what had happened to us and would acknowledge our plight, but alas, no, I had to ask to see the manager and he still didn't acknowledge what happened. When I called the general manager, Florian Shutz, he in essence told me that there was nothing he could or would do to help us and that he took no responsibility for what his employees did or did not do. This guy would be good at testifying before Congress because he was good at not giving a straight answer. Either this hotel has a thief that works for them, or this hotel is being burgled by a guy/girl who can get into your room without a key and busting down the door.	
	Problem Solved...	We stayed at the Sofitel New York from November 25th - 30th just in time for US Thanksgiving. First let me say we have stayed at the Sofitel in Miami and London - both impressed us and the reviews on this website of the Sofitel in New York encouraged us to stay here in New York. I have stayed in New York numerous times and this was by far the best value for your money. We stayed at the W midtown last time and paid almost double for a bathroom that you could not close the door when sitting on the toilet - so we were very happy with the size and quality of this hotel room. Great location and wonderful rooms. Nice restaurant and a GREAT gym. Staff was wonderful with one exception. Here is my story.I had paid for two rooms - a junoir suite and a king room side by side as we were travelling with our 5 yr old, my mom and my sister in law to celebrate my mom's bday. The plan was to put myself and my daughter on the sofa bed in the suite, my mom to have the king bed and my sister in law the other king room. Check in was a breeze and at midnight, I went to pull out the sofa bed for the night only to find that the sofa was in fact not a sofa bed. A call down to front desk and I was told that yes, I was guaranteed a sofa bed, and they would figuure out something for the night and then move us in the morning. It was after 1am when I finally went downstairs to get an answer of how they were going to deal with this problem. The front desk clerk clearly did not know what to do (he discovered they had no more rollaway beds in the entire hotel) but was trying his best. The evening manager sauntered over and told me my mom would have to sleep curled up on the couch with some blankets as they had no alternative - I quickly replied that my mom was 60 years old and would not sleep curled up on a couch - he would find her another room for the night and then sort this out in the morning - he could not have been more displeased with this but DID give us the other room for the night - very sourly and without apology. A TOTAL JERK and not someone who should be dealing with the public. My mom went to bed in her new room and was fine - we felt we would resolve everything in the am. In the morning the AMAZING day manager approached us - very apologetic and clearly very embarassed over what we had dealt with the night before and suggested my mom take the complementary room for the entire length of our stay. We were so surprised and shocked - we thought one of us would be sleeping in a rollaway for the entire 5 nights - he also sent up a cake to my mom wishing her a happy 60th and some chocolates to us for the inconvenience. I have told EVERYONE about this as I feel this is what the hospitality industry is about - making people have an unbelievable experience and remembering them - I will always recommend any Sofitel now because of this young mans actions. It was already a lovely hotel, but he went out of his way to make it an UNBELIEVABLE hotel and a great, great experience for us. I am hoping the General Manager reads these comments and promotes this guy because he understands the business - we are already planning a trip that will involve another Sofitel. This will come back to them 1000 times in more business. Way to go Sofitel for making your guests know they are wanted!!	
	Sofitel--A Great NYC Family Getaway Hotel	Our Thanksgiving family vacation (including 6 adults and 9 children (ages 1 - 11 years) was made even more enjoyable by the very warm welcome we received at the Sofitel. The staff couldn't have been friendlier or more helpul. The rooms were good sized, clean, well appointed, and very comfortable. Little touches like the separate shower and bath tub, the small box of chocolates, and the turn down service with lovely classical music over Bose speakers were appreciated by even the youngest members of our family. Kudos for making the Sofitel a lovely, elegant oasis in the midst of hectic mid-town Manhattan. PS---Great location too for many tourist &quot;hot spots!&quot;	
	Can recommend	We stayed for four nights and the hotel was nice especially for a big city location. It is ideally situated. We got breakfast included and that is a bonus as it does work out expensive at nice hotels. Staff were friendly and helpful.	
	Lives up to all expectations	The Room-Hotwire 4 star rating was well deserved for this Sofitel.-Staff was fast, efficiant and curdious.-decor was on the edge of opulant.-fridge was delivered to the room at no extra charge.-prepriotory bed ensembles where amazing!-As with any high end hotel, you pay to use the phone and internet.-Only 1 VERY MINOR issue we had was finding a working ice machine.-unbelievably quiet, we did not hear 1 siren while in the room.Location-15 minutes walk north to Central park-15 minutes walk south to Penn station/empire state building-2 minute walk to times square/broadway-5 minute walk to Rockefeller centre/Saks on fifthe ave-2 minute walk to nearest subway station-$60 cab from Newark airport or $40 cab from JFK(we took public transit)-close to many well reviewed restaurants such as DB Bistro Moderne, Bubba Gump Shrimp Co.	
	Perfect and the comfiest bed ever!	Just arrived back from a three night stay at the Sofitel and I really cannot fault it. The location is great, a short walk from Times Square and about a ten minute walk from shops on 5th Avenue such as Abercrombie and Fitch, Bloomingdales, Tiffany’s etc etc as well as the lovely Central Park. We had room 2017, which had a view of the Empire State Building and Chrysler Building. The room itself was lovely, the bed was the comfiest I have ever slept in and both the room and bathroom was immaculate. The room was also very quiet. The staff were attentive, friendly and on the ball. Breakfast was not included in the rate but we found the Red Flame Diner a few doors down perfect for a feed before starting the day. I would not hesitate in recommending the hotel and if and when I am back in NYC I would certainly stay there again.	
	Just right.	Stayed here for three nights a week ago with partner and friends and we all loved this hotel. We asked for our rooms to be next door to each other and to be on a high floor. Both our requests were met and our room, 2114 was perfect. No noise whatsoever with one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. The bathroom was wonderful with an amazing shower but the best part was the bath. To have a relaxing bath at the end of the day in New York was wonderful. The towels were plentiful and were checked and replaced daily and the housekeeping was perfect. Every evening our bed was turned down and fresh bottled water left by our bed. We had cocktails in the bar every evening before going out and they were superb. Whoever was behind the bar was charming and very helpful as were all the staff we encountered. We didn't eat in the restaurant but it did seem to be busy over the weekend. My husband used the gym twice and was impressed. The hotel has a real 1930's feel to it, very romantic with a great lobby with a fire that seemed to be lit all the time we were there. I would definately go back there again and would recommend it to friends. All the time we were there, I didn't see any children. However, when my kids are old enough to go to New York with us I wouldn't hesitate to stay here with them.	
	nothing but the best	one of the few hotels to confirm a high storey room when u book it.very good and smiling service.location is perfect.	
	Good but service could be friendlier	We had a good stay with such a great location. I do feel the staff could be more polite esp when we are paying so much. Rooms were nice and didn't notice the excess noise others have complained about.	
	Fantastic location!	I have just returned from a long weekend in NY. This was my first visit to NY and I was really pleased that we stayed at the Sofitel. The location was fantastic, between 5th and 6th Avenue, just a short stroll from Time Square. We were on a girlie shopping break, so booked a twin room. The room was of a reasonable size and the beds were really comfortable. The bathroom was very nice. I have no complaints whatsoever. There is an iron/ironing board in the room and a good hairdryer. No tea/coffee making facilities, but maybe that's a British thing. Anyway, we found a Starbucks nearby on 5th Ave for an early coffee! There is complimentary Evian water in the room.We didn't eat or drink in the hotel, but the restaurant seemed very popular with large groups of people.The staff were very helpful. We left our luggage at the hotel after we checked out and when we returned 6 hours later, we were able to weigh our cases to make sure that we weren't over the 23kg limit!There are 3 computers in a little room off the lobby with free internet and a printer. We never had a problem with availability. There is Wi-Fi in the room, but there is a charge.The hotel isn't cheap. In fact I didn't think we would be able to stay here as twin rooms are more expensive than the basic doubles, but I found a good deal with Expedia which saved about £250 each compared to the price for booking flights and hotel separately. And this was a good time to go - the Thanksgiving sales had just started!!I would recommend this hotel to anyone that wants a bit of luxury in a central, but quiet location.	
Nov 21 2009 	Comfort in the city	My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel for three nights in November. The Sofitel is a perfect location for a stay in the New York. We had stayed at Sofitel 18 months prior to this visit. The room we were given is showing signs of wear. When I reached down to pick something up off the bathroom floor I noticed areas on the walls and bathroom doors that were not clean and the door worn and chipped at the corners. The same went for the tub. There was a black spot in the tub. I thought it was dirt, but it's chipped, and has not been repaired. We use the shower only, but this might bother someone who likes to soak in the tub. The shower had a small amount of staining in the caulking around the glass that faced the tub. While this may not offend others, we're picky and expected more from the rooms at the Sofitel. The concierge desk was a tremendous help as was the staff outside. We encountered a young man at the front desk who was no help at all when we asked for change. He seemed more interested in his computer screen, as he looked up once. Our request was deferred to another staff member who happily got the change for us. I wouldn't base my judgement on him...the other front desk staff was very helpful. Would we stay here again. Yes, but there would be some phone communication before hand to make sure the room we had was in better shape.	
Nov 17 2009 	Never disappoints	3 night stay over Halloween weekend. I have stayed here in the past. The customer cervice remains excellant. The rooms are average to slightly larger for NYC hotels, marble showers with glass doors, quiet and great location in midtown. Much better here than on busy Times Square - but very centrally located. The staff - friendly and accomodating - there is an exercise room free of charge - new bath producxts everyday - I love the Sofitel in New York. Its just big enough to meet your needs, without being too big to be overwhelming - computer services in lobby and great bar and restaurant.	
Nov 17 2009 	Seriously overpriced	The hotel is centrally located, close to many attractions. The service and the rooms are good, with a few quirks.At check-in you are greeted and addressed in a caricaturesque French. The room was small and the bathroom had a bar-like door, offering little/no privacy.The worst part is that it is seriously overpriced.	
Nov 12 2009 	One of the best hotels in NYC? Don't think so	Booked part of our honeymoon to stay at Sofitel NY after careful research on trip advisor and being happy with the advice given on the sight on previous occasions. All i can say is some of the people who have written reviews must either have different expectations to me or some of the other hotels in NYC are really poor.Also stayed at the Sofitel Chicago during our trip and the difference was night and day.The Good: - Location can't be faulted - location right at the heart of midtown within walking distance of most things. - Nice room (we had a suite on the 27th Floor) with awesome views of Rockafellar, Empire State and Chrysler buildings. Nice comfy bed and plenty of room. - Got a freeby Cheesecake for having mentioned we would be on honeymoon. - Gym is pretty good for Hotel standards with a good range of CV equipment and weights. - Free internet in the lobby was very useful and a nice touch. - Breakfast idea - go to the shops in the basement of the Rockafellar centre (five blocks north) and grab breakfast at the placed down there - don't follow the tourists follow the office workers!The not so good: - Only had use booked into a luxary room as opposed to a suite when we checked in (in fairness to the receptionist he delt with this very quickly and had it put right) - Houskeeping was patchy as best - only got free water and turn down service 1 night out of the 4 we were there. Instisted on putting bath robes on a hook hanging onto the toilet (talk about unhygenic). Were a little rude when asking if they could clean my room at 9am int he moring and i told them no as my wife was still in bed. - Elements of the room were a little shaby or didn't work (remote for TV in living room brocken, Light bulb in hallway had blown and wasn't replaced. Surround sound system for TV didn't appear to work with no indication as to how you should use. Stains on sofa and curtains in the lounge)The ugly: - tried to get taxis in front of the hotel twice and twice the doormen tried to set us up with unlicensed cabs as opposed to the Yellow cab (of which there are thousands). To my mind this is unprofessional of a hotel that is suposed to be high end. First time we walked to the end of the block and flagged one ourselves. Second time we couldn't as were going to the airport with bags but had to insist we wanted a Yellow cab no matter what they thought best. - On final morning wanted a lie in as had a late flight so put the do not distrurb sign on the door. Got woken with a knock at 7am which we tried to ignore only to have repeated knocking until someone answered. Turned out it was room service and they had gone to the wrong room. Wasn't impressed as what's the point in having a sign asking not to be distrubed if its going to be ingorned. In fairness to the member of staff he at least looked appologetic but he shouldn't have been knocking in the first place!! Complained on check out and got the standard - &quot;we'll look into it.&quot;As other reviewers have also noted bizarre french theme going on to the point at which you get addressed in a snooty way, in french, even once its clear you aren't french. This i found really strange - we clearly weren't in Paris and while the hotel group might be french owned (and the hotel had many french guests) as i've alrweady noted i also stopped at the sister hotel in Chicago were not a word of french was heard.Overall not a bad hotel and good location but be aware you are likely to find better for the price. As for top 10 hotels in NYC - come on guys lets be realistic, it's not is it.	
Nov 11 2009 	Brilliant place - great location service and view!	We stayed here in Oct. We asked for a room on a high floor - and got one with a fabulous view of the Chrysler building on the top floor. Room was large for New York - perfect cleanliness and luxurious standard of furniture and fittings - all very clean. Great service - friendly lobby and concierge - we tried room service and it was very quick - nothing better than having breakfast overlooking an amazing view!. There is a diner down the road for breakfast and it is a great location to get to Times Square, Grand Central station. Its on a quiet street so you feel like you are away from things and very safe. It is worth paying for!. There is internet connection in the lobby where we arranged our yankee tickets!..	
Nov 10 2009 	Excellent service best for Broadway	My wife and I just spent a fabulous 6 nights in NYC. We chose this hotel based on Tripadvisor reviews which turned out to be very accurate. Location was ideal as we wanted to be near Times Square and especially Broadway. We saw some terrific shows and were able to walk back to the hotel most of the time. It was also conveniently located between 5th and 6th Avenue from a shopping perspective. We had a suite on the 27th floor which was quite spacious and extremely quiet. The bed was very comfortable. The best thing about the hotel was the service. We found everyone extremely courteous and helpful. A very special mention for Brooke at the concierge desk who was a delight and gave us a number of excellent suggestions for restaurants which really enhanced our experience. We would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 9 2009 	Perfectly Fabulous!!!	The Sofitel is grand. The location is convenient to everything and in a good location. ROOMS -- The rooms were beautiful. Not a single detail was overlooked. There were plush robes, ample closet space, a nice desk, sharp TV, great lighting, and it was beyond immaculate. The feather beds were heavenly! I slept like a baby. Our room had Euro twin beds which are between a twin and a full-sized bed. I am 5'10&quot; and had leg/foot room to spare. The bathroom was huge and had a separate shower and tub. They even provided L'Occitane toiletries. I ordered room service, and it arrived within 15 minutes. They also promptly delivered a tube of toothpaste for me (which I forgot).GYM -- The gym was well-appointed. Luckily, I got there early and was able to get a treadmill without a wait. I believe there were four treadmills, three elliptical-type machines, and some weights/equipment.I would definitely, definitely stay at the Sofitel again.	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent	Stayed four nights at the Sofitel in a luxury king room. Couldn't fault the location, very central for most of the popular attractions. Room very spacious and nicely appointed, gorgeous marble bathroom with seperate shower and bathtub. It had the most comfortable cosy bed which you just sink into and don't want to leave. Ate at the hotel restaurant on the first day for breakfast but after that went to the Red Flame Diner which is only 50 yards from the hotel and was half the price, it was excellent! Very helpful doorman and reception accomodated a late check out with no hassles. Very good choice for a stay in NYC.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great hotel great location...	We stayed here for 4 nights in late September 2009. The hotel is extremely luxurious and is extremely well located between 5th and 6th Avenues. Our bedroom was large by New York hotel standards and it was one of the most comfortable hotel rooms I have stayed in. It is a 5 minute stroll to Times Square and proabale the same to Central Park. The Red Flame Diner a few doors up from the hotel does excellent food and is a great spot for breakfast. Overall we cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. Having stayed in a good number of hotels in New York City, this is by far the best and I will have no hesitation in staying here again. Highly recommended.	
Nov 7 2009 	Perfect	Greeted by very friendly and professional staff upon arrival,quickest check in ever,hotel is in a great loacation,close to Grand central station,Times Square,Rockefeller,3 block walk to Central Park.The rooms are of nice size and lovely plush clean bathrooms,one of the niceset rooms we have stayed in New York,the view was of office buildings and was the only negative i have of my experience,but we spent all day marching around Manhattan so we were not too disapointed.We only went in the bar to have a drink so i cant review the restaurant,but the whole bar area had a lovely french feel to it and was modern,i did find the prices a bit steep but this is New York.The concierge was very helpfull,waiting at the front desk only too happy to help,we definately recomend this hotel	
Nov 1 2009 	Honeymoon In NY-The Manhattan Beginning	My bride and I booked a room at the Sofitel through a third party site to start our honeymoon. We had tickets to a Broadway show, so we wanted to stay near Times Square, but not too close...and after reading everyone else's reviews and decided on the the Sofitel. We arrived after midnight because of our late Long Island wedding reception. The check-in was quick and our bags arrived within 15 minutes of us getting into the room. I knew the room was not exactly what we book (low with no view), but was too tired to say anything...so we crashed (well, as much as you crash on your wedding night) and started our first full day as a marrying couple. After a restful night we got up to begin our day in Manhattan. On our way out of the hotel we stopped by the desk and just mentioned how we had booked a high room (and that I called to let them know we would be super late for check-in, they told us we would have a high room with a view because it was our honeymoon) and they not only rectified the problem, but they moved our bags while we were out and upgraded us! Our second night was just a comfortable as the first (yes, even the rooms with no view are super comfortable). The bathroom was nice, the L'Occitane products were great, and the bed...oh the bed...it was so comfortable. The concierge was always busy, but never overlooked any guest. I had a deep desire for some authentic NY bagels for breakfast on the morning of our check-out, so I had to ask. The concierge pointed me in the direction of a bagel shop right around the corner and it was delicious.Overall, the Sofitel NYC was romantic, comfortable, clean, and the service made the whole experience even more memorable!	
Oct 25 2009 	Believe the reviews	My husband and I stayed here for a combination anniversary treat/40th birthday present for myself. It was wonderful. After having been absolutely repelled by a few hotel stays this year, coming to Sofitel was amazing. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was quite lovely, the staff were friendly and sincere and the location was convenient. It was very pricey, not exactly a bargain but worth the money we spent. Loved it!	
Oct 25 2009 	Difficult to fault it	I can't fault the Sofitel New York. It was everything I expected of a city centre hotel and it made my stay in New York a real pleasure.Having Platinum status in A-Club, I am entitled to an upgrade, but there was no upgrade availability on my first night. Fortunately, a suite then became available and I moved in on my second night. The basic rooms are much nicer than anywhere else I've stayed in New York, especially the bathrooms which are often badly designed in New York hotels but perfect in the Sofitel. The suites are even more impressive - very spacious and extremely comfortable.I found nearly all the staff to be extremely helpful, especially the check-in staff and the concierge. The general attitude of the staff is one of flexibility and trying to accommodate guests' wishes, and I felt like a valued customer. For example, on my last day, they offered to let me check out of my suite at 5pm instead of the 4pm late checkout I was entitled to.The hotel's location was perfect for me, as I was travelling on business but stayed an extra day for sightseeing and shopping. So many of the places I wanted to visit were within walking distance, and I found the Sofitel to be right in the middle of everything.The thermostats in the rooms work very well and allow you set the desired temperature to anything you want - including in Celsius (probably the French influence). The room warms up very quickly if you're too cold.There's no point in using the wired internet, which costs $10 until noon no matter how soon before noon you start using it. Instead use the T-Mobile wireless internet which works throughout the hotel so you can take your laptop anywhere. You can get a wireless voucher from the front desk for $10 (easier if you're travelling on business) or $8 if you buy it online with a credit card, and it lasts a full 24 hours rather than only until noon. Both the wired and wireless internet are just under 3Mbps downstream and upstream, so it can get a little slow when lots of users are using it at the same time. The safe was just big enough for my 15.4&quot; laptop.My only criticism was the television channels. There are no international news channels (e.g. BBC World, Deutsche Welle etc), so you won't easily be able to keep up with what's going in in the outside world. Even CNN is the domestic US version. However, to be fair to Sofitel this is a general problem in New York hotels, and they do offer TV5 for French speakers. I resorted to streaming BBC news on my laptop, and gave up using the two televisions in my suite, which was a shame given that they were large and modern.I will definitely stay at this hotel on my next business trip to New York and will recommend it to all my colleagues.	
Oct 25 2009 	Perfect location combined with great quality and service!	Following the excellent reviews of the hotel at Tripadvisor, and having previously stayed at the Sofitel in Venice, we booked a week in October to explore the city. We had a suite on the 25th floor which had amazing views. As we travel with an 18year old son, we find a suite is usually more suitable for us than 2 double rooms as we can co-ordinate our plans easier (ie. get him out of bed in the morning!) and we just enjoy being together. The lounge area served as our son's space and came well equipped with its own large screen tv and minibar!The hotel was generally quiet and clearly very well managed and organised. Staff were extremely courteous and helpful - room service was prompt and beautifully presented.We had a great time exploring all parts of Manhattan from this location and would definitely stay here again. Neighbours include the New York Yacht Club and the Harvard Club, so its an upmarket spot, which is within easy walking distance of Times Square, MOMA, Rockerfeller Centre and Central Park. Ground Zero, Wall Street, Statten Island Ferry etc are a short metro ride away.Overall, we were delighted with the hotel and would happily recommend it - Thank you once again Sofitel!	
Oct 24 2009 	Great Hotel......Great Service..........Great Location	I have never stayed at a Sofitel before this stay.....I now know I have missed some great nights........It is not inexpensive, but it is well worth it. Every employee recognizes you with a pleasant greeting...the bar is fantastic and the breakfast is better (try the crispy toast and Egg). I am already booked to go back!	
Oct 22 2009 	great location clean comfortable but expensive	i had a great stay could not fault the hotel it was quirt clean loverly room right in the centre of midtown between time square and grand central station. there is a great little dinner a fwe doors up as well i did find it expensive though, but very comfortable	
Oct 21 2009 	Excellent as expected	I reviewed the listings of the hotels in NYC and found reviews were good for the Sofitel. Well, they were correct. It is a nice, quite hotel that is close to Broadway and Times Square. The staff are very courteous and eager for you to have an enjoyable stay. My wife left an item in the common area and forgot about it until later. It was actually turned in to the front desk and they held it until we asked if anyone turned it in. Room was great, bed comfortable, and room quiet. Will definately stay here again.	
Oct 20 2009 	A weekend seeing plays	Stayed at the Sofitel for my second time. I like trying different hotels but my wife liked it so much we decided to stay there again. We are relatively picky about where we stay and I have to say we were happy once again with our experience. The location is great if you are a theater goer. The broadway theaters are within walking distance. Nice little bar in the hotel. The staff is very friendly and the hotel has a european feel.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Midtown Hotel - comfortable and quiet	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 nights in mid October 2009. The hotel is well located for Times Square and Rockefeller Centre (5 min walk) and is close to the subway to get you everywhere you need to be. The room (Superior) was very large and nicely decorated with a massive bathroom and plasma tv. Very cozy and very quiet - except the light building work that started on the road at about 7am each morning - but it wasn't too intrusive, I'm just a very light sleeper, and it helped us get up and out in the morning! The bed was the comfiest we've ever experienced, amazing! We were given a complimentary late check out until 2pm on our final day when we asked, which was great.Tips for NY:1. The Red Flame Diner next door was good for a cheap, massive US style breakfast (pancakes, fry up and tea for the two of us came to about $20 including tip). Two other good breakfast/brunch places nearby are Maison and Vinyl Diner, both about a 10 min walk.2. Buddakan (Chinese) and Kittichai (Thai) were restaurants well worth going to. Service, food and ambience were excellent at both - definitely book ahead. A great, modern, good value trattoria for pizza, salads, burgers etc is Vento in the Meatpacking District.3. Central Park Wildlife Centre was really fun and a great way to spend an hour. Only $10. 4. Get the E train followed by LIRR train to JFK as a cheap way back to the airport - we spent $55 on the taxi from the airport and the train back cost $7.25 each and took the same length of time.5. Bring your walking shoes - it's absolutely the best way to see everything.6. We found New Yorkers so friendly and helpful, so if you've got any questions - just ask them!	
Oct 18 2009 	Little Paris in centre of New York. Oooh la la	Loved it.Great location between 5th and 6th on W44th. Close to 5th Ave and also pretty much all of the theatres for shows.All staff greet you with a Bonjour or Bonsoir. Not sure if the staff know french fluently or just a few words, but no matter, we loved it.Staff very service orientated and seem to really care about customers.Great New York experience and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again, assuming price is kept reasonable.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great choice and value	Lots to love about this hotel. They let us check in early and stay late on check-out day. Frette towels, large room and lux bathroom. It's a great location, yet a quiet street. Red Flame restaurant a few doors down was great for breakfast. Felt like we got the best value in town with 3 nights for price of 2 special.	
Oct 15 2009 	Use the Sofitel every time I'm in New York	Great hotel, quiet rooms which is realy important as I fly in from Europe and I'm in bed by 8PM and awake at 3 AM! Often meet the same people in the gym downstairs and the staff are great. They have a great CRM tool as they always welcome me back and remember my room preferences which makes a change as most hotels are useless at remembering that you stay there 5-6 times a year.Generally pop out and get a bagel and coffee around the corner for breakfast but their breakfast is good (but pricey) Lobby is great place to meet people.Just can get expensive sometimes depending on season.	
Oct 14 2009	Just book it!	I booked the Sofitel largely on the basis of reviews here - I was not disappointed and now very happy to put my £0.02p - I was travelling with my elderly mother for her birthday and the staff were very attentive. The location is superb - turn right and its just a short stroll to Times Square and the Broadway shows, turn left and you are on 5th Avenue and very close to many sights that are sure to be on your itinerary - Room very clean, room service prompt and only complaint was soggy toast! - If you can afford it then you won't be dissapointed	
Oct 11 2009 	Stylish Great location and Service minded staff	I stayed for 8 nights in the Sofitel New York in October 2009. I found the hotel a very refreshing little piece of France in the very heart of Manhattan. The hotel is perfectly located between 5th and 6th Avenue and around the corner from Bryant Park which I found was a perfect spot to take a break with a book from all the sightseeing and shopping.I stayed in a suite on 27th floor with a great view to the Chrysler buillding. The room was spacious and clean. Housekeeping came by twice a day to fresh up the room which was a nice touch (coming home in the evening to cosy lighting and classical music on the radio was great and somthing I quickly got used to :o). Check in and out was handled with a smile and very professionally by Vivian at the front desk and Raja at the concierge desk was instrumental in finding and booking great restaurants visitsAll in all I was delighted with my stay at Sofitel New York and would be happy to returnJesper Broskovps. if you want a real American Diner experience, then the Red Flame in the same street as the Sofitel is a very authentic chioce	
Oct 11 2009 	Great stay	I stayed at the Sofitel in late September and it was a good experience. Staff was friendly and helpful, the room clean and spacious. I didn't exactly had a view, but I could see the top of the Chrysler building from my room. Bath was also rather roomy but not 100% clean on the day of arrival, but on the following days. I could hear slight elevator noise in my room but it wasn't a problem as there obviously weren't many night owls among the guests.The midtown location is great, you have good access to public transport and some sights are even walkable. If you arrive at Newark and don't mind taking the bus instead of a taxi, the bus stop is only a few minutes away.I didn't have breakfast in the hotel, you have some options in the vicinity. I liked the Red Flame Diner on the same block. But it can get busy there.There were only minor flaws, e.g. they didn't notice that there was a defect bulb in one of the lamps and the remote control of the Bose sound system didn't work.And I wonder if they don't ask you anymore if you enjoyed your stay when checking out. But all in all a very nice experience.	
Oct 9 2009 	Sofitel Shines	Went to NYC for a business meeting and stayed at the wonderful Sofitel. Centrally located in Manhattan, it's on quiet 44th street between 5th and 6th. The location is wonderful, but the service, cleanliness, and quiet sophistication of the hotel are what really shine. My bathroom had a white orchid and a small tea candle...what a lovely touch! Lobby decor is elegant, upscale and beautiful -- a nice spot to sip coffee or wine with a friend. I felt like I was entering an art museum.My room was sparkling; maybe the cleanest hotel bathroom I'd ever been in. Hotel staff greet you in French, making it feel so ooh-la-la sophisticated. All staff were very friendly, efficient and courteous. Room service breakfast was HUGE! The room was smallish, but impeccably clean, and most importantly: QUIET. Lastly, the pillows were a surprise. I had neck fusion surgery and travel with a foam pillow that I carry in my bag (space saver bags reduce the size). My room had both foam and feather pillows -- two of each -- to satisfy either the feather or the foam crowd. Wow. I will be back.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great hotel in midtown Manhattan	We found the Sofitel through a discount hotel website for much less than comparison hotels in the area. We were traveling with a museum group and the rest of the group stayed at a nearby hotel for almost double the price (and wasn't nearly as nice). The Sofitel is very chic and comfortable. The rooms are not extremely large, but plenty big for two people. The beds are very comfortable, with nice linens and pillows. The room was also very quiet, which is very important for a light sleeper. It is conveniently located as well. I also liked that this hotel does not feel extremely large. It has a very &quot;boutique&quot; feel about it. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone making a trip to NYC.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent Location	This was a very clean hotel in the middle of Manhattan. The staff was very friendly. Within walking distance of practically everything. There was also what seemed like a major subway station a couple blocks away. Will definitely stay here again in the future.	
Oct 8 2009 	STAY HERE!	Room was awesome. It was big (including the bathroom), it was clean and it was reasonably priced for Manhattan. Being a few short blocks away from Times Square was wonderful - we were never without something to do. We have been making yearly trips to NYC for the past 6 years to catch a Yankees game. We have stayed at different hotels each time. I can honestly say this one was the best and the next time we go back to NYC, we will be staying here. Be ready to pay at the bar - we had one round while we were waiting for one room to be ready, and it was not cheap.	
Oct 7 2009 	Superb location and amazing beds!	I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights at the end of Sept 09. We booked via www.perfectescapes.com which included early check in, late checkout, free room upgrade and Breakfast was included. I'd highly recommend this site for a bargain stay and perks at this hotel!Our room was ready when we arrived early, which was a welcome relief so we could freshen up before hitting the city to explore! The location of the hotel is a couple of blocks away from Times Sq, so ideal for exploring. We indulged ourselves twice with a scrummy complementary breakfast (courtesy of Perfect Escapes.com) from the hotel, which otherwise would have been quite pricey ($30pp approx otherwise).Room wise we were based on the 12th floor. There weren't any views to speak of from this floor, but the room was comfortable and spacious. The beds are amazing, having stayed in a Sofitel before in Chicago, this was one of the primary reasons for selecting this hotel in NY! After a long day of sightseeing in NY the bed was welcoming, and cozy. I'm tempted to splash out and buy the SoBed range, it's that good!!	
Oct 5 2009 	Best deal if you Get a Good Deal $$$	Stayed there with Parents , two rooms , two couples , When you talk about Manhattan , you have to expect to PAY between U$ 300 to US 450 for a Small room with NO Extra service ( no : Breakfast + Internet + Parking , etc... ) BUT the Sofitel , wich is one and a half Block from Time Square , has one of the BEST ROOM in Town , all New , 100% clean and one of the Best and Biggest Bathroom in Town . I got a very good Deal : US 260 plus 15% tax , anything till US 300 still a Very Good Deal , remember , we are in a Crazy Dollar Hotel City . Good place for Breakfast next door , and subway station ( orange line ) one block away . Excelent staff.	
Oct 5 2009 	Very good hotel	Location: On a quiet street - minutes walk from Bryant Park (where they have September fashion week, Times Square and 5th Ave.Room: The Superior room we originally went into on our first night was amazing. Spacious and located on the 29th floor. But strangely there were weird noises coming from the ventilation systems above us. We asked to switch rooms because of it and the staff were absolutely brilliant! They upgraded us to an executive suite!!The quality of the bed lined and mattress were second to none. Every night's sleep we woke up refreshed but didn't want to leave the bed because it was sooo comfortable.The room was however slightly overshadowed by the coldness factor. We couldn't get any warm air into the room as the air con didn't seem to work. It wasn't fixed either though (the other 4 nights we stayed there). But I was emailed after my stay that it would be looked by their Director of Engineering.Bathroom/Toilet: A separate shower and bath tub with designer toiletries - what more can I say. A good sized hairdryer for my girlfriend which was very vital! The shower head was a little on the weak side though.Service: The staff were top notch and always very helpful. Albert in particular went out of his way to get us a nice room for our stay.Breakfast: We ordered room service for one of the days and the breakfast was 5 star. There however loads of nice places to eat in NY so I'd advise you try the other great diners out. One place we kept coming back was located on 45th Street (Jewish place) which had the most amazing eggs and pancakes (also came with a coffee and fresh juice) for only $8.95. Bargin!One place I don't advise going for breakfast was the Red Flame dinner... It got really busy and staff were rushing around - just not my type of atmosphere. Good place to eat for dinner or lunch though.One place everyone has to visit is Buddakhan restaurant - amazing food and staff. Best place I've eaten in a while.Transport: I wouldn't bother with the metro - stuffy and hot. Cabs are very cheap :)	
Oct 4 2009 	A very good hotel	Stayed for 4 nights as part of a holiday trip to USA. Good central location and nice comfortable rooms (we had a superior which was a good size for NYC). The bathroom was good although the bath was small, as was the bed - a queen not a king.We didn't eat at the hotel but did have a drink the the bar - a nice sit up bar though drinks were expensive. Breakfast wasn't included - we didn't have breakfast in the hotel as the price was $25! A fresh bagel and a coffee across the road was $6.We ate at 4 of the top places in NYC - (check out the luxe guide - always excellent). Momofuku / Sfoglia / Tia Pol / Buddakhan - all were fantastic.Overall the hotel was very good and the room rate was decent value for NYC - a good solid choice.	
Oct 4 2009 	Good location safe and clean	We had to take two rooms, which was rather expensive. That said, we were happy with everything including the restaurant (used only once).If we return to NY we would probably look for a more upmarket hotel and perhaps nearer the 5th Avenue shopping. This is not a criticism of the Sofitel as such, just an indication that what we read on the web before booking made it sound a little better than it turned out to be. In summary though, we were really happy with our stay and would have no problem in making a general recommendation of the Sofitel to others.	
Oct 2 2009 	Amazing great service great location	Excellent service, great bathrooms, nice room good size for NY. Concierge very helpfull, close to everything and still very quiet.We were there for 7 night and it was fantastic, would definetly go back.	
Sep 29 2009 	Everything I expected	Having spent some time looking through Trip Advisor's reviews, I decided to book the Sofitel and I can say I was not disappointed. We have stayed in many luxury hotels around the world including the Burj in Dubai so it is always difficult to decide on a hotel. I can honestly say the Sofitel was brilliant. We had a junior suite ( room 1022) and it was very spacious and clean. Again, very quiet room either because it is soundproofed well or that other guests respect others staying there too. Lovely deep bath and the bed was comfortable. Room service was very efficient too. My partner had business to do while we were there which included a 200 mile drive from New York to visit a customer and the concierge were very helpful in printing out directions and a map for him to use for his travel. All the staff were very pleasent and helpful. We were not bothered by housekeeping in fact, I had a lovely chat one day with one of the housekeeping staff. They were all very friendly. Furthermore, the hotel is in an excellent location as other people have mentioned. Didn't enjoy the Red Flame diner down the road it was like a truckers cafe so would not recommend to eat there. An added bonus was bumping into the tallest man in the world who was also staying in the hotel at the time! Hotel also gave us a later check out too when we asked. One other point I would mention is that the lobby has 3 computers with free internet access and this was a real bonus so no need to pay for internet unless of course you want it in the privacy of your own room.	
Sep 29 2009 	Fabulous hotel	Truly had a 5 star experience. The room was amazing, 2 large double beds really clean, large flat screen TV, huge bathroom, turndown service The staff were so friendly and helpful. Thanks sofitel, we had a great time.	
Sep 28 2009 	Pure perfection 5*	I’m writing this review retrospectively for a stay here in August 2008. This was my first trip to the USA and first stay at a Sofitel. One word, perfection. The hotel is beautiful, the lobby spacious and a quite cocoon from the hustle and bustle of New York. I arrived 30 minutes prior to check in after a transatlantic flight from London. I was tired, fed-up and needed a shower. I was met by an ice queen, who, told me to come back in half an hour. Not a good start.However upon return, a new receptionist. She acknowledged my A-Club card and gave complimentary drinks vouchers and an upgraded room. Shortly after going up to the room I was given some chocolates and water as a welcome gift, they also allowed a 4pm late check-out.The room was spacious and had stunning views of the Manhattan sky line. It was cleaned twice daily and was always immaculate; the turn down service was outstanding. Water, chocolates, bathroom cleaned and classical music playing upon my return. Maid service was discreet, never once saw a cleaning cart.Ate at Gaby every morning for breakfast, whilst this was expensive it really was divine. The oatmeal with caramelised bananas was out of this world. Coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice was refilled constantly.If you are deliberating over a hotel, stop, and book this. It really is pure perfection. Now a reason to return….	
Sep 27 2009 	It's a shame I don't have a 40th every year	Wonderful service from the moment we arrived, large and luxurious room, large bathroom for new york with top of the range ameneties. Very comfortable bed. Breakast was one of the highlights - both fresh and tasty. Could not be in a better location and cannot wait to return next time.	
Sep 24 2009 	Excellent hotel wonderful location	We stayed in New York for about 3 days and had a wonderful time!Our hotel was very central and this really helped. We were just down the road from Times Square and managed to walk all over the city from where we were.The room was bigger than I expected (I'd been told New York hotel rooms are always very small) and we had a very roomy bathroom with separate bath and shower. We stayed on the 14th floor, and it was very quiet and pleasant.The reception and concierge staff were all efficient, though a little lacking in the warmth we had come to expect of hotel staff in the USA, perhaps this is a New York thing though.I did feel it was a bit overpriced, particularly breakfast, but again I think this is to do with prices in New York, so can't really complain.All in all a really lovely stay!	
Sep 21 2009 	Perfect location Great Staff	We stayed at the Sofitel NYC last weekend. Great location close to everything. The staff is amazing I was really impressed with how friendly and accommodating they were. Do not be shy to ask for anything.	
Sep 17 2009 	This was a great place to stay...	This hotel is lovely. I loved the location, the pleasant staff, the upscale amenities, and Gaby Restaurant located on the street level of the hotel. My son was bumbed that the hotel didn't have Nickelodeon, but we weren't in the hotel room that much.I'd definitely stay here again!	
Sep 14 2009 	Almost everything is perfect!	The Sofitel is just a perfect hotel, location is great near Times Square and everybody (read: all cab drivers) knows it. Rooms are spacious when you know you are in NYC.The concierge were great for helping us with our flight schedule and by giving us a free box (our luggage was overweight). However they were not so good at arranging and knowing the best places to hang out (nightlife), hence arranging this on labor day weekend can be a pain in the @$$ everywhere...During our stay there were only 2 downsides:1. The WIFI in the hotel is not free. If you have such a great hotel, just do WIFI also free of charge. It's only annoying for the guests.2. We had a not disturbing sign on the door, however the cleaning lady opened the door if we needed housekeeping around 9:00 AM on LABOR DAY!However the second downside was perfectly &quot;solved&quot; by the front desk which gave us a late check out free of charge the moment they heard this from us. Fantastic!	
Sep 12 2009	Great hotel experience	My mum and I stayed at the Sofitel New York from August 29 to September 1. We were celebrating her birthday, attending plays and going to the US Open. We can not speak more highly of the hotel and all of its staff people. We arrived just at 3pm on a Saturday and you could tell the front desk was very busy taking care of people checking out and in - even with about five people working behind the desk. I had to wait in line for about 5 minutes and, once I got to the desk, was apologised to profusely for the delay. The staff person noted that we had reserved a superior room with two single beds and said that he would check with housekeeping to find us what we had requested. But then he added that he had an upgraded luxury king room available immediately and asked if we wanted it instead. We agreed. We were located on the 15th floor with an inside view (that is to say, a view of a the back of buildings - not incredibly beautiful, but very New York/urban looking!) The room itself was excellent - there was ample closet space and hangers, bathrobes and slippers, a gorgeous bathroom with separated bath and shower and a fresh orchid as well as a super comfy bed. The room also boasted a Bose radio with ipod connector and a lovely, giant flat screen tv. Coffee is sadly not available in the room but the hotel does make it available for free each morning in its restaurant.The room was impeccably clean and housekeeping staff returned nightly for turndown service (complimentary bottles of water were a nice touch) when they would do a second daily tidying session. The doormen were very kind - were always quick to help open doors and offer a friendly smile and greeting. We didn't take a cab the entire time we were in the city, but saw that they were exceptionally helpful at hailing these for hotel guests. We did not eat in the hotel restaurant but did go there for post-theatre drinks on our first night in town. My mother had a glass of white wine for about $13 and I had a very, very stiff manhattan on the rocks for $11 - an excellent deal, especially when both liberally-poured drinks came with ample complimentary bar snacks (cheese crisps and olives). If, for some reason, I am unable to stay at the Sofitel during another trip to the city, I would definitely consider returning to their bar for drinks given the nice ambiance, proximity to the theatre district and affordable pricing. The one thing we did note that could be improved was that at night the hotel lobby's lighting was dimmed so considerably that it was almost *too* dark inside. Also, the cost of wi-fi in the rooms was a bit high. That said, the hotel did have three computers with internet access available free of charge for guests in the front lobby. I would definitely recommend the Sofitel to anyone wanting to stay in midtown and look forward to returning in the future.	
Sep 11 2009 	perfect stay in great hotel	our first time in new york with our sons for 18th and 21st birthday celebrations . we had 2 suites which were a great size even for our large sons !! and a good rate with dee dee at the hotel as we were there for 8 nights this was a perfect hotel room size wise . lovely and quiet at the end of busy days . must mention randy and nathaniel who were great and took time to tell us and our sons great places to visit in new york. walk brookland bridge , top rock , and go to yankeesnew stadium on train , and queue for shake shack .	
Sep 9 2009 	Great location and rooms perfect	This hotel is in a great location for exploring Times Square, Central Park, and the Fifth Avenue, Madison Avenue shopping district. All are within easy walking distance. We did all that and, in addition, saw Phantom of the Opera which was very good during out 3 day visit to New York. The hotel has a nice lobby with very comfortable leather sofas and chairs. The lobby is perfect to relax in. In addition, there are 3 computers in a separate adjoining room with a printer that you can use. They also have free coffee in the mornings. The rooms are immaculate. They have a separate bath and shower. The beds are very comfortable, and the housekeeping is among the best I have seen. They have a very good sounding Bose radio in the room which was playing classical music. That was very relaxing. The price of the hotel was very good. The hotel appears to have a large European clientel. Our rooms which we booked throught the Sofitel website was a very reasonable for New York city, $210 per night. I can readily see why this hotel is always ranked as one of the top five hotels in New York City.	
Sep 8 2009 	Beautiful comfortable and perfectly located	My partner treated me to a 4 night, mid-week stay at the Sofitel New York for my 30th birthday.We arrived at 2:30pm, slightly short of the suggested 3pm check-in time, and our room wasn't ready yet. The reception staff kindly offered to take our luggage off our hands, which allowed us to wander around the immediate area and find somewhere for a coffee to kill time. Conveniently, turning left out of the hotel and walking to the first intersection, you find yourself on 5th Avenue, with a Starbucks just on the other side. Returning to the hotel at 3pm, we found the room was still not ready, but &quot;shouldn't be more than another 15 minutes&quot;. This time we waited in the very comfortable lobby area. There are 3 PCs here with free internet access which we used sporadically throughout our stay. They're often busy, but never for long. At 3:20pm we went back to reception again. This time the receptionist phoned through to housekeeping and &quot;had words&quot;. It was suggested we come back at 4pm and perhaps visit the hotel bar, Gaby's, while we wait. Alternatively there was a room available on floor 15. However, my partner had paid for an upgrade to a &quot;Superior&quot; room (basically a high floor with a good view) so it would've been a waste to sacrifice this out of impatience. Plus a drink is always welcome, so we went to the bar. The prices in Gaby's were quite high. An order of two Malibu &amp; pineapple juice came to $20 - plus state tax, plus the seemingly obligatory tip. Ouch.We returned to reception at 4pm and, hurrah, 3rd time lucky - the room was ready, and we got our key cards. The receptionist was was friendly &amp; helpful, taking time to explain where everything was in the building. On attempting to reclaim our luggage, she explained that it will follow us up shortly. The Sofitel has 4 lifts serving all 29 floors. During the entire stay, we never had to wait more than 15 seconds for one to arrive. Also, once inside the lift, we got to our floor (27) very very fast. As we approached the room, the maid was still finishing off, so we lingered outside for another few minutes before being able to enter.It was well worth the wait though...What a beautiful room - and huge too. It wasn't a suite, but an incredibly large bedroom. The view was towards the Chrysler building and was breathtaking. The bed was large with 4 luxurious pillows, there were 2 single wardrobes - one either side of a desk area which housed a 32&quot; LG HDTV, on one of the bedside tables was a Bose wave radio, and there were plenty of drawers for storage too. An additional cupboard housed a safe, some drinking glasses, two bathrobes, two pairs of disposable slippers, and some laundry bags. There was also a small cupboard containing a minibar.The bathroom contained a glass walk-in shower big enough for two (ahem) as well as a separate bath tub, the sink surround was beautiful brown marble, the toiletries supplied were luxurious (L'Occitane), and the fluffy towels provided were more than enough for two people. There was even a small orchid in front of the bathroom mirror which was replaced each day, as well as a tealight candle with matches. The toilet had a couple of fine cracks inside the bowl, but that doesn't really matter - I'm sure it's seen bigger cracks in its time...About 5 minutes after settling into the room, a porter brought our luggage to the room. 10 minutes later, another porter brought in some champagne that my partner had ordered as a birthday treat. This wasn't just delivered, but poured into the glasses for us - nice touch. As he was leaving, a housekeeping manager arrived to check that everything was to our liking - which it was.Just when we thought there were no more visitors, another porter turned up after a further 15 minutes. At the point of the champagne being ordered, they'd asked if a note should be included. This was requested to say &quot;Happy Birthday&quot;, etc. Obviously the staff had seen this and, realising it was for a birthday, this final porter had been sent up to deliver a complimentary cheesecake with the words &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; written on the plate in chocolate sauce. This was incredibly kind, and a wonderful start to our stay.Over the 4 nights we were there, we found the bed to be one of the most comfortable we'd ever slept in. The bed itself was firm to medium, and the big soft pillows completely envelop your head. Being on a high floor with a well soundproofed room, meant we had absolutely zero noise from outside. We barely heard a peep from any of the other adjoining rooms either. This, coupled with the fact that the bedroom curtains completely black out the room when drawn, ensured blissful sleep on every single night.As already said above, turning left out of the hotel leads you to the shops of 5th Avenue. Once on 5th, turn right and walk 2 blocks to 42nd Street. If you want Grand Central Station, turn left and walk a few blocks. Alternatively, turn right to find your nearest Subway stop. If you turn right out of the hotel and walk for 2 blocks, you'll instead come to Times Square. So either way, you're smack bang in the middle of everything, with easy access to the Subway. Perfect location for a short leisure break.The main negative regarding the hotel is the cost of food and drink. As already mentioned, the drinks cost a lot in Gaby's when compared to other bars - although you kind of expect this of a luxurious international hotel chain. The minibar prices were equally steep, but again not a surprise. The real stinger however is the cost of room service. Like all hotels, you expect the room service menu to have inflated prices as you're paying for convenience - and this is no exception. However, on top of inflated prices, there is a mandatory service charge of 17%, plus a $3.50 tray charge. I'm used to seeing a service charge OR a tray charge, but never both. Once you've then added on the state tax and any tip you feel obliged to give the porter, you're talking a hefty cost for convenience. For example, start with an $18 breakfast, double it so you have one each, add all the charges in, and you've spent about $50! The one saving grace is that if you're prepared to spend on room service without questioning the cost, then the selection available is very extensive and, if the food that we ate in Gaby's one evening was anything to go by, then it would also be delicious too. Just be forewarned about the costs and know what to expect. Also, talking of Gaby's, as nice as it is in the evenings, there is no segregation between the drinking &amp; dining areas. This resulted in us having a romantic meal on a table next to some loud drunken businessmen. Ah well, it was still good.All things considered however, I wouldn't be doing justice to this fine establishment if I gave them any less than 5*, despite the creative food &amp; drink pricing. The accommodation was excellent, beautiful, clean, comfortable &amp; luxurious, the service was second to none, and the view from the (upgraded) room on the 27th floor was stunning. Thank you Sofitel for making my 30th that little bit more special.	
Sep 6 2009 	Staff helpful and friendly hotel serene with a great room for New York	Really liked this place and will return. Concierge and doormen helpful. Desk helped with a late checkout. It was a relaxing place to come into at night after full days and evenings in the cacophony of New York.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great Experience	Stayed here for 7 nights while visiting NYC. This is our first trip to NYC so we don't have a basis for comparison as far as rooms go, bu t had an excellent experience at Sofitel.The location was great as we wanted to be close to Times Square but not in it. Quiet street and really no noise in the room. We expected to hear more street noise and had to open window to hear the sounds of the city. Also, the hotel was convenient to subways / sights.The reviews of the Sofitel beds were accurate. Very comfortable and we had a great sleep each night.Overall, a great experience.	
Sep 1 2009 	Amazing Hotel!	All the excellent reviews on Sofitel were right and you'll be in for a real treat! The hotel is centrally located in Midtown, Theatre District and just 5 mins walk from Times Square. We got to enjoy the hustle and bustle of Times Square everyday on our way to the Metro, yet the hotel was in a serene and safe neighbourhood. The hotel bed is the most comfortable and plushest I've ever slept on, and I woke up energised everyday. We also loved the 32 inch LCD TV, the Bose radio alarm clock and Loccitaine toiletries. The hotel's got class and elegance stated all over! I would definitely stay here again for my next visit. Highly recommended!	
Aug 30 2009 	Reviews are correct	Stayed for 6 nights in 305 in the Sterling building. The suite was fabulous. The staff is very attentive. Warren and Eva were always helpful. The beach is amazing. Took the Caicos Dream tour and a snorkeling tour with Big Blue. Both were worth it. Didnt rent a car. Cabs were expensive. For three people, it was 15.00 to go 2 miles. Had a great dinner at O Soleil at the resort. Tiki Hut food was atrocious. Hemingway's food was pedestrian but the setting was nice. Bay Bistro food was okay, but the service was disappointing. I highly recommend Somerset.	
Aug 25 2009	Just perfect	Best hotel in New York. Our suite was located on the 28th floor with wonderful views of the Crysler Building, with the most comfortable bed of any hotel i've stayed in, the bathroom was large with a seperate shower, and the location perfect for sightseeing and shopping. stayed at the Hyatt on a prevous visit and was not impressedand thought all the hotels rooms in New York were small until we stayed at the Sofitel - Fabulous hotel highly recommended	
Aug 23 2009 	Great location couldnt ask for anything more	Having gone to NYC before and not staying on Manhattan was a big mistake. This time around I vowed not to repeat the mistake.After searching different websites my wife and I finally decided on the Sofitel. I am glad we did because it was a highlight of our trip.Being located on 44th and 5th is right smack in the middle of where the action is. The room was quieter than my own home. Well maintained and clean I highlighy recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great hotel!!	When we got there from the airport shuttle, the doorman immediatly took our bags, and then we proceeded to check in, which was no problem at all. We went to our room, which was VERY luxurious! Then we went to the concierge to ask about Broadway ticket information and he knew everything! He even gave us a map with his highlighted spots! Sofitel NY is really in the perfect location- if you like times square it is a very short walk away, but far enough away that you don't hear all the loud noise from it. There is a nice diner right next door if you want to avoid the expensive hotel food. Overall, Sofitel is very expensive. The stay was very nice and relaxing and I believe I will be staying there again!	
Aug 22 2009 	Superb QUIET hotel with engaged staff	Stayed for 3 nights at Sofitel based on reviews here - it definitely earned its top 10 spot. Superb hotel from the moment we arrived - they took our luggage as we got off the taxi and it was in our room when we came back to the hotel after lunch. The rooms are extremely quiet. They must be soundproof as we didn't hear street traffic or other people running water, talking, watching TV etc, in the other rooms. The carpet in our room was damp when we arrived - we guessed that they thoroughly cleaned the carpet with steam. The rooms had nice beds, a BOSE radio alarm clock with an AUX jack ready for your MP3, and LCD HDTVs with HD channels. Had breakfast via room service, the food was delicious and it came exactly on time. The following typifies the service - we were going to go out one night and it started to rain heavily. We didn't have an umbrella but the next thing we knew, the concierge had multiple umbrellas and were lending them out - nice! Asked for a later check out time and they didn't hesitate to accomodate.Hotel was very close to Times Square, rockefeller and Fifth Avenue shopping. One stop away from Herald Square and Empire State building. There are good cafes, banks (TD Bank, Chase) and restaurants nearby.	
Aug 20 2009 	absolutely loved the Sofitel	From DeeDee the reservationist, the front desk staff, the restaurant staff, the concierges, the doormen and the housekeeping staff, the service was absolutely FIVE STAR. Always smiling and willing to help.The location is perfect, being 1.5 blocks from Times Square and on a quiet street. The lobby was filled with beautiful fresh flowers. We had breakfast everyday at Gaby,s in the hotel. The food and the service could not be beat. It is a bit pricey though.Never waited more than 30 seconds for an elevator. The room was a good size compared to what I read about other top hotels in NYC. The bed was extremely comfortable which is important if you will be staying any length of time. It felt like a feather bed and had a big comfortable duvet. You do have to ask for a top sheet though. The bathroom was another pleasant surprise. Granite counters with marble floors and a glass enclosed shower w/ seperate tub w/ plenty of room for 2 people. Wife loved the lighted magnifying makeup mirror.We highly recommend HB Hamburger restaurant a block away on 43rd St. We went there 4 times and had great food each time. Try the &quot;bison&quot; burger. Ask for Megan, the best waitress in NYC.We were also walking distance from the 3 off Broadway shows we saw. &quot;My First Time&quot;, &quot;AltarBoyz&quot; and the &quot;Marvelous Wonderettes&quot; were all great shows,esprcially the Wonderettes.	
Aug 18 2009 	Top Hotel	We stayed at the Hotel for 3 nights. It has a perfect location with walking distance to all major attractions of NYC. We had a very well equipped Suite with a separate living room with a comfortable sofa bed. Since i am Platin member of A-Club we got an upgrade to this room free of charge. the staff was very friendly and helpful.	
Aug 15 2009 	perfect location room staff...	everything was great. perfect location, room, staff... even a nice cheesecake in the room after dinner with 'happy aniversay' written on it	
Aug 10 2009 	Great stay perfect location	From the moment you walk into the lobby, you know you're going to have a comfortable stay at the Sofitel New York. Beautiful displays of fresh flowers (and scented candles in the evenings). After a long day of sightseeing it's just perfect to come 'home' to.Reception is through the lobby and to the left - once we worked that out check-in was a breeze, and we were upgraded to a room on the 19th floor with a stunning view of Rockefeller. We even managed to pick out our room from the 'Top of the Rock' when we visited. The room was lovely, completed with a Bose sound system, 42&quot; TV, FANTASTIC bed, a huge bathroom, and even a fresh orchid each day. Turn down service was a nice touch to come back to in the evening, with some gentle music put on for you. There is free wireless internet access in the lobby if you have an iphone or equivalent and also three PC's with free internet access and a printer. My only fault would be the noisy cleaning staff the one day i had a little bit of a lay in, but that really is minor. The location really is perfect for a first time visit, very central and close to a whole lot of attractions, and yet seemed to be on a very quiet side street, no noise at all from the rooms. The Red Flame diner just down the street is excellent for breakfast (and an experience for those who have never been to a diner!!) and a quick bite in the evening as well.	
Aug 9 2009 	Another great visit	Third visit to the Sofitel New York, and once again delighted. Requested rooms on a high floor and got 2920 and 2923 - the top floor. Great view of the Chrysler Building. Welcome drinks and late (4.00pm) check out were provided as I have A|Plus membership, so that was a bonus too. Super comfy bed, as expected from Sofitel, made for a great night's sleep. Hotel location is convenient for almost everything. Another very enjoyable stay at Sofitel New York.	
Aug 8 2009 	First rate wonderful clean beautiful quiet!!	I booked my room through Priceline and got a great rate. I was completely enchanted from the moment I arrived: the front desk let me check in 2 hours early rather than just store my luggage because the room was ready even though they had been sold out the night before. The room was spotlessly clean, quiet and extremely large by NYC standards. The bed and bath linens were clean and luxurious. Bathroom had pretty fresh orchids and new candle with matches. The bathroom had separate bathtub and shower. Spotless marble countertops in bathroom along with pristine floors and HUGE closet with clean robe and slippers. Housekeepers were very unintrusive but thorough and attentive. Service in Gaby Bar mid-afternoon was slow but could have been attributed to shift turnover. Concierge and front desk staff were extremely welcoming and friendly. In addition to the early check-in, they also permitted me to check out slightly late the next day. I look forward to a return stay.	
Aug 5 2009 	Cant fault it perfect	a great hotel, extremely comfortable bed, on a quiet street, with great service form the staff, clean, and great location.I cant say more, fantastic!	
Aug 4 2009 	Just about perfect	We stayed over the July 4th weekend and used the &quot;Pay for Two, Stay for Three&quot; package. Staff - they were friendly and professional from the time of making the reservations to check-out. I spoke to Sonia in reservations and she was extremely helpful. Location - close to everything. It made getting around very easy.Restaurant - we did not eat in the restaurant, but had room service for three mornings. The servers were prompt and everything was very good. It was a little pricey, but this is New York.Room - it was beautiful! We had a suite on the 29th floor, which was very clean and spacious. The view was fantastic and overlooked the Chrysler Building. No street noise whatsoever. Bed - Very comfortable, especially after a long day of sightseeing. The only thing I did not like was the lack of top sheets and having just the heavy comforter as a cover. It became too warm during the night.Overall - the Sofitel Hotel was just about perfect. We would return here without any doubt.	
Aug 2 2009 	Fantastic hotel in a fantastic location!	We booked the Sofitel New York primarily based on the reviews from Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed. All the staff were extremely friendly and helpful - we were able to get a limo from the bellhop and Nnicks tickets from the concierge all with extremely short notice. The staff always remembered who you were and would engage in conversation.The rooms were well furnished and a decent size (for NY). The beds were comfortable and the rooms quiet. The maid was unintrusive and very thorough. While we never ate in the restaurant, we did order room service and it was good.The location of the hotel is what really sets it apart from the competition - only 2 blocks from Time Square and about 10 minutes from Central Station.We were able to find a great deal on Expedia and I would recommend shopping around for the best deal.All in all, i cannot recommend this hotel enough - great location, great staff, great rooms! All of which makes for a great holiday.	
Aug 1 2009 	Very sexy romantic 	I stood in this beautiful hotel for a weekend and was so in love with it... I would def. stay here again. The staff was great and very professional. I had breakfast at their restuarant and it was just delish! I had a wonderful wonderful time and i cannot stop commenting this hotel. (I am also in the residential / guest services field) so i know exactly what outstanding service is. The rooms are so sexy, the jacuzzi and the see through shower... just yummy! Because of this hotel i had to purchase a temperedic bed :) I would reccomend it to you, you &amp; YOU!	
Jul 27 2009 	Nice hotel but......	We stayed at The Sofitel for 1 night, prior to moving to an apartment we had rented in NYC for the remainder of our stay. The rooms were very well appointed, especially beds - exceptionally comfortable. My one gripe is the special deal that we had recieved through booking with Perfectescapes.com was completely ignored. This deal offered a room upgrade, breakfast, and late check-out, none of which was offered to us when we arrived at The Sofitel. When I enquired about the room upgrade at check-in, I was told that the Sofitel will never upgrade you for free, and that I was welcome to pay for one (the Terms and Conditions did state it was subject 'to availability', but seeing as I was offered an upgrade if I paid, I assume there was availability!) After that, I didn't even bother asking about the breakfast. I am not sure who is at fault here, Perfectescapes.com or The Sofitel, but deals like this should not be advertised unless the hotel intends to honour them. I was also annoyed considering that the upgrade/breakfast offer was what made me decide to book the Sofitel in the first place. I must admit, I could have taken this issue further with the hotel, but after 24 hours of flying from Australia, and considering we were only staying 1 night, I really couldn't be bothered, and would rather spend my time in NYC out and about rather than arguing with hotel staff.Otherwise, the hotel is very nice, and well located, if you like Times Square and surrounds.	
Jul 27 2009 	Disappointing. Needs a refurb and service is poor	I stayed at this hotel because I generally like Sofitels (the one in Washington DC is excellent, for instance), and because it was rated so highly on TripAdvisor. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to those high expectations. The hotel itself is gloomy and, dare I say it, a bit drab. The carpets and furniture is worn. It could definitely do with a refurb. As an a-club Platinum member, I should have been upgraded on arrival; I wasn't (although I was given a late check-out at 4pm as entitled to).The bellboy delivered my bags quickly but rudely, rushing out as soon as I had given him $5, without putting my suitcase on a stand or offering to show me any of the facilities in the room. My room was a decent size (by New York standards) but again could do with freshening up. There wasn't much light, partly because the window was filthy. Internet connection was through a (very short) ethernet cable; no wifi. The shower pressure was low (and the water was boiling hot with the dial well towards blue). The bed was not up to Sofitel's usually wonderful standards; it was lumpy, and short (and I'm only 5'11/1m80).Breakfast - normally a delight at Sofitel - was another disappointment. My expresso was burnt, the orange juice mediocre, the eggs Benedict overcooked, the service surly and harried. On departure (and on another instance), the doorman was too busy to call me a cab or help me with my bags. I had to hail a cab and carry them out in the pouring rain. All in all, I think this hotel is vastly overrated, needs refurbishment, and is cutting corners on service in order to cut costs - not a wise move for a so-called &quot;luxury&quot; hotel. Very so-so.	
Jul 25 2009 	Quite fine but only if offered at a special promotional rate	Sofitel had a promotion where you stayed three nights but only paid for two. Having stayed here before and liked it, the saving was substantial. The room was well appointed and the only quiblle I have is that the ice machine on our floor (20th) was broken and so we had to go down to the 19th. No big deal, however a minor inconvenience. Everything else such as mini-bar,breakfast...etc is ludicrously over-priced so best bring your own water,sodas...etc.The Red Flame diner a few doors away from the hotel and it's colleagues, such as the Algonquin and the Royalton, and which for years provided modestly priced breakfasts that were good and filling has become very disappointing and a lot more expensive. We visited twice only to be served eggs that were tasteless and dessicated re-heated sausages and bacon on both occasions. The coffee was bitter and even the toast tasted as if it had been made with stale bread. Such a shame as The Red Flame was a guilty pleasure in the face of the pocket gouging hotel breakfasts.Sofitel was fine and comfortable without anything beyond what one should expect from a 4 to 5 star hotel. However I would only stay there on a special promotion because at the promotional rate the value is fair for what you get.	
Jul 24 2009 	best overrall hotel experience ever	Though we have stayed at the Ritz Carlton and The Carlyle while in Manhattan, the Sofitel will be our only hotel of choice from now on. My wife and I felt the value we received was unsurpassed and could never be matched by ANY hotel in N.Y.C. Our 650 square foot suite on the 27th floor came with a $60 daily breakfast and our folio when we checked out after 6 nights was a little over $2500. Our folio for a similafr suite at the Carlyle for 5 nights last year was $4200 w/out breakfast. The Sofitel has an unmatched location, offers free internet and has a very accomodating staff ----we're still shaking our heads at how great a deal it was. Finally, the trick the negative reviewers didn't know is to ask for a 22 series suite which is the suite of choice when staying at the Sofitel.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great Bed and that's about it!	Ok, so we have stayed in some great hotels. The Sofitel is a beautiful hotel, but for some reason, we were just expecting a bit more. I hate to complain about small things, but seriously, when you are paying such a high price for a hotel, you expect things to be of high quality. First of all, the pros: The Sofitel beds and pillows are amazing. When you lay your tired feet down on this bed, you will sink into heaven. They are great, although make sure you ask for a top sheet. Apparently, the Sofitel does not believe in top sheets. They only cover the down comforter....whatever! The hotel is in a pretty good location. It is just a few blocks from Times Square. Now, the Cons: For a luxury hotel, it seems very plain. It is nice and pretty, but not WOW. The ice machines on the 8, 9, and 10 floor did not work. We asked the staff about it and they were never fixed. The front desk lost our luggage slip and it took an hour to get our bags from the bell hop. I would have gladly taken my bags myself, yet they insisted. Well, if you insist, please be prompt. To some, I may just be picky. But when I pay for a great hotel, I want a great hotel. It was just ok. I would not stay here again and I would recommend other hotels in the New York area.	
Jul 22 2009 	Fantastic Location and Good Room Size	The location of this hotel is really fantastic, you are a few blocks from Time Square and Fifth Avenue. The park is also only a 10-15 minute walk away. The size of both rooms we had were great and the quality of the bathroom which I feel can sometimes let a city centre hotel down in the major cities was excellent with a separate powerful shower and bath.My only small critique would be that despite an email a few days before arrival detailing that my partner and I were on our honeymoon, the hotel had no recollection of this and once we had checked in and discovered that we were only in a luxury room on the 12th floor I asked to be moved to a room with a nicer view of the Empire State &amp; Chrysler building which they accomodated for after the 1st night due to full allocation for our remaining 3 nights by moving us to the 26th floor and providing us with some honeymoon extras.Once this was resolved the hotel was excellent and would definitely go back there for future visits to New York.	
Jul 22 2009 	Excellent choice in almost perfect location	The hotel was excellent. Very well placed turn left out of the hotel walk one block and you are on 5th Av walk the other way and you come to Times Square. On a one way street getting a taxi at the door is no problem. The room was a superior room on the 19th floor. View over to the Chryslar Build was nice. The shower cubical was huge although the bath was on the small side because of this, but it gave an option of both. Very clean and very quiet. The bed was turned down each night music was left playing on the Bose music system for you arriving in at night and fresh bottles of water left each night. The bed was very comforable with an under blanket which seemed to envelop you so the air conditioning was required to keep cool. The TV was a large flat screen I took the advice gained in Trip Advisor and used the Red Flame diner for breakfast . Excellent hotel only downside was the lack of free wi-fi. They had some free wi-fi on PC's in the lobby but these were always full. I was surprised at this in NY I preloaded my I Touch with softwear on NY, but very few places were available to log in. My flight was not until the evening and the hotel gave me a late check out at no extra cost. The cleaning staff were very courtious as were all the staff. I stay in hotels a lot on business and I can say that this hotel will not disapoint, if you are used to staying in 4/5 star establishments	
Jul 21 2009 	New favorite in NYC	Chose Sofitel for a two nights stopover based on location and reviews. Check in was polite and efficient and our luxury room was nice, clean, quiet, had a very comfy bed and a large bathroom with L'Occitane products. Didn’t try the restaurant, but had some very good drinks at the bar. Will definitely be back during our next trip to NYC (at least as long as the rate is not too high).	
Jul 20 2009 	Slipping	Recession policies are obvious.Slipped maintenance, closed hotel shop, worn in room literature, missing doorman at times, luggage pileups, etc.Real nice roomy accomodations, excellent responsive service, great location are still in place.May be NYC market representative. Don't know.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Hotel - Great Location	Have stayed in many hotels in the city - would highly recommend this one. I booked this stay for my boyfriends birthday and stayed for 3 days - Will honestly say I never once saw a maid, yet the cleanliness of the room, as well as the rest of the hotel, was incredible. I loved it and will definately return. The front desk clerk must have overheard us talking about his birthday when we were checking in and had a birthday cake delivered to our room...... How cool !! Neat touches in the room.	
Jul 20 2009 	Atrocious service - and that was before I arrived	This clearly appears to be a popular hotel; unfortuntately the level of service I received before my trip was so appalling that I was forced to cancel the trip and opt for another hotel.when I go abroad, I usually email the hotel that I plan to stay in to check a few details with them. Apart from giving me more information about the hotel, it gives me a good indication of how good their service is; i.e if they email me back promptly, its a good sign.Having made a booking at this hotel through an agent, I wrote to check my booking details and also to ask them about the cost of a transfer between themselves and JFK airport - not unusual requests I wouldn't have thought.Well to cut a long story short, I never found out thinformation about tranfers despite writing them 4, yes 4 emails over 2 weeks!!! Even when I wrote directly to the boss , they just brushed me aside and told me the concierge would be in touch which they never were. After 2 emails, they sent me my booking confirmation, but it had two mistakes in it!Even when I threatened them with cancelling the booking, they took no notice. I was polite throughout my emails and even appealed to their sense of sympathy by explaining that until they got back to me, I couldn't organise the rest of my trip.All to no avail.Good luck to the rest of you!	
Jul 19 2009 	Much better than expected	We like New York and usually go every year for a shopping weekend. We normally stay in the Mark, which has a great location and fantastic service. However as it is being refurbished we needed an alternative. We have had bad experiences of large hotels in New York, so when a friend recommended the Sofitel I was not expecting much. I am pleased to say that the Sofitel exceeded our expectations. The location is good, the staff and rooms were excellent and it was good value for money. The hotel has recently been refurbished and although the rooms are not that large, the attention to detail and cleanliness was excellent. We had booked a slightly better room, which we were very happy with. The only problem was that it took an hour for our luggage to arrive in our room, which we were not happy with but they did apologise and sent chocolates to the room immediately to say sorry. We will stay here again.	
Jul 19 2009 	Well presented excellent location comfortable rooms	This was our first visit to NYC and we were torn between this and the Library hotel. The Sofitel won due to price and in the end i am glad we picked this one. The hotel has an air of sophistication about it the minute you walk into the lobby. Lots of fresh flowers and scented candles litter the entrance along with big comfy leather sofas. Our room was on the 19th floor and we had a great view of the Chrysler building. The reception staff upgraded our room on arrival and we had a beautiful room with plenty of space, a nice 42&quot; tv, lots of hanging space and a bathroom with separate shower.I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a nice, clean hotel off a main street and within striking distance of Times Square and 5th Avenue	
Jul 16 2009 	Very comfortable great location	The Sofitel has very comfy beds! We were very close, walking distance, to the theater, Times Square, Grand Central and great music and bars! Sofitel is a great midtown place to stay. We had a wonderful time and great drinks at the hotel bar - try the white grapefruit martini!	
Jul 14 2009 	great location great comfort okay price	Stayed here for 3 nights on both business/pleasure in May 2009.Initial thought of the hotel when arrived was, &quot;Ooh, elegant&quot;, taking a glimpse around the candle-lit lobby, marble flooring, and European-styled furniture. Very nice, I thought. Check-in was also impressive. Had an extremely late arrival (1AM) due to flight delay, but was still greeted with a pleasant, helpful smile and quick service. Room was exceptionally clean, was very impressed with amenities (L'occitaine products!), bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept on, but the view...Oh my, THE VIEW! The view, off the sixth floor, at best,,, was subpar. I literally had a view of a wall! LOLGranted, a room on a higher level'd floor is sheerly based on availability, but one would think with a request when first reserving it nearly three weeks ahead of time, I would be granted one... a las...All in all though, a good stay. Close to Times Square and dining, friendly and helpful staff, clean rooms. Recommended.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Location Spacious and Clean Rooms	Loved the location of this hotel, right on 44th between 5th and 6th avenues. It's close to a number of subway stops, Bryant Park, the Theater District (i.e., Times Square) and countless restaurants. The rooms are very spacious (especially by NY standards). Our room we had a queen sized bed, plus a lounge chair &amp; ottoman, in addition to the standard full-sized dresser and two end tables. The room was clean, cleaning service was great, turn down service was on time everyday. Excellent experience. I'll note that while the clientele is comprised mostly of business travelers, I saw a number of guests that were families with small children, so it wasn't like the hotel ONLY caters to business travelers. Great hotel for a great price - we took advantage of the 3rd night free offer, which made this place a steal.	
Jul 11 2009 	Excellent Hotel - truly lived up to expectations!	From start to finish the hotel was great (apart from one minor hiccup). I travelled to NYC with my boyfriend for a leisure trip, sightseeing etc. We stayed from June 20-24th and booked directly via the hotel website. We requested a room on a lower floor as my other half wasn't comfortable sleeping on a high floor (interesting holiday location for us considering this?!). We were allocated a room on floor 9 and stayed in room 904. it was a standard queen sized room which was lovely, not large but big enough with a large flat screen tv and double wardrobes and a nice bose radio system - which we set as an alarm most mornings.The location was fantastic and close to Bryant park (2 blocks) where we got a coach to (Coach USA) from Newark airport for only $50 for both of us as a round trip. I would highly recommend this transfer method as it was good value for money and straightforward. The coach USA pick up point being just across the road from the airport terminal. It was also close to the rockefeller centre, times square etc. We walked everywhere except getting a cab to battery park to cover the downtown area and also got a cab to Harlem to cover the top end of central park. It really is a great central location but on a quiet enough street which felt safe.The hotel lobby was lovely, not overly grand but had fresh flowers, complimentary internet and printer and always smelt beautiful (sounds a funny thing to notice but it really smells gorgeous and made you feel that the hotel was one of luxury that cared about its appearance). We passed several other hotels including the Waldorf - which looked really run down by the way and each time i was pleased with our hotel after making comparisons on location (I was particularly pleased we didn't stay on Times Square as i think the noise would be too much).The bed was soooooo soft as per other reviews - even more comfortable than my bed at home! It was so nice to have a really soft bed to sleep in at night after all the walking that we did. Equally there was a separate bath (although not full sized) and great power shower. The miniature toiletries were a good brand L'Occitane which added an element of luxury too.Hotel staff were really friendly and the concierge generally made good recommendations (except for one night where we were directed to a local pizzeria / italian called Osteria Al Doge which was awful from start to finish!). We were even allowed to order a takeaway pizza &quot;pie&quot; to be delivered to our room which was massive &amp; super tasty. On the last day we ordered a picnic basket which was part of our hotel package (current promotion) which was lovely but they did deliver it late and i had to chase it but it didn't alter my overall view of the hotel. I wouldn't eat at the hotel but rather use it as a fantastic base to explore Manhattan. We ate breakfast at the red flame cafe every day as per several other reviewers which was real value for money offering lots of different options for all tastes. It was open from really early which was great for us when we ate as early as 7am some days. It was often full of locals which i always find as a good sign for eateries!I would definitely stay here again if i were to return to Manhattan and would definitely recommend it to friends. I paid around £725 for 4 nights which seemed reasonable for the level of hotel and booking directly gave us no problems. We requested a late check out due to us having an evening flight and this was provided with no problem at all. The maid service was great and turn down service gave you little bottles of water too which was a nice touch.You won't be disappointed if you stay here.	
Jul 10 2009 	Location says it all	We found this hotel absolutely brilliant. Central location for the Rock, Empire State, Central Park, Times Square. Staff very helpfull. Room well appointed, clean and roomy. Bed turn down service with soft music playing when returning back after an evening out just made the day.	
Jul 10 2009 	Best choice	We have stayed at a number of hotels in New York City. The Sofitel is by far our favourite so far. We stayed here for two nights early July 2009 and upon arrival we were upgraded to a King Deluxe - although we had to wait 40 minutes for it to be ready (no big deal). I believe this was not a particularly busy period since the value for our money was exceptional. We paid $529 for 2 nights, all taxes included and got this AWESOME room. The King deluxe was a good size with lots of storage space, decoration is very classy, plush and luxurious. The bathroom is spacious, beautiful, clean and very nice. We didn't have a spectacular view as we were only on 12th floor but nevertheless did not hear the street noise at all. In fact, the room was extremely quiet. It is true that breakfast is a little on the high price side, but then you have many coffee shops around this area so it's your choice really.The staff was very friendly and helpful. The two concierges were knowledgeable and helped with ideas.We will be back for sure - but I doubt we'll find such a good deal the second time around.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great spacious room for reasonable price	Stayed here in May with my wife, 3 year old, and 7 month old and really enjoyed it. I found a deal on sofitel.com that better than most anything other I could find of any reputable hotel. The room was over 600 square feet with a living room and bedroom, so really ideal for family travel. The people at checkin were great as were the maids. The only rude person was bartender but hey, this is NYC, you are bound to run into some rude people. Lastly, we had stunning views (see pics attached)Now I dislike midtown as much as anyone but the hotel and particularly the room more than made up for that. We walked to Central Park and Grand Central and all major subway lines are an easy walk. We won't stay anywhere else next time in NYC	
Jul 8 2009 	Brilliant	We stayed at the Sofitel for 10 days over Christmas. The accomodation was very comfortable - particularly the wonderful bed. Every night when we returned to our hotel our bed was turned back, a bottle of evian water was put out for each of us, and classical music was playing in our room - lovely after a long day sight-seeing.We weren't upgraded despite it being our honeymoon but we didn't mind as we really enjoyed our time and couldn't fault the room.We ordered breakfast in our room one day which was delicious but expensive. Generally we ate at the Red Flame Diner which offered us a simple, cheap breakfast.	
Jul 8 2009 	Fantastic Fantastic - Great Hotel Great Stay	Stayed 3 nights from 3rd July for a long weekend to celebrate my husband's 40th birthday. It was fantastic, the room was large and spacious and exceptionally clean, fantastic view of the Chrysler Building. Receiving a birthday cake was a really nice touch. The staff was polite and extremely helpful (Thank you Catherine at Front Desk), cannot fault this hotel. We had breakfast included in the package which was superb. Location is great, a short walk from Times Square and Fifth Avenue. JS	
Jul 7 2009 	Stunning hotel in the perfect location	We have just returned from a six-night stay at the Sofitel and were incredibly impressed. Everything - from the helpful and friendly staff, to the beautiful and spacious rooms, to the amazing location - was perfect. We could not have asked for more. The breakfast was delicious (although a little expensive), and every day we returned to our room to find our bed made, complimentary bottled water and chocolates and soft music playing on the Bose stereo. After spending our days taking in all the sights of New York, it was a real luxury to come back to the soundproof, relaxing room and get a good night's sleep in quite possibly the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The bathroom was stunning as well, and the L'Occitane toiletries were lovely. The entire hotel is also delicately scented with amazing smelling candles, and there is also free internet which was very useful. No complaints whatsoever. If you're looking for a luxury hotel in the heart of Manhattan, this is the one to choose.	
Jul 5 2009 	Another great stay in a perfecly located luxury hotel	We stayed 5 nights at the Sofitel New York, our second stay here in two years. We had another good experience. The location is perfect, between 5th and 6th avenue, near everything in mid-town (Rockefeller Center, Times Square, etc.), and yet on quiet 44th street. Check in and out is painless, the rooms are impeccably clean and well appointed, with flat screen TV, minibar, BOSE radio, etc. Bathroom is great and luxurious. Basically we have no complaints at all, we would stay there again and would definitively recommend this hotel to anyone. Not cheap, but not much in NYC is.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great hotel in great location.	The Sofitel was a beautiful hotel. The room was comfortable and roomy with a very nice flat-screen tv and amble lighting. The bathroom was particularly nice, with a separate tub and shower (however, the handmitts instead of washcloths were a little annoying (although a nice little touch of exoticness)). Service was outstanding from the welcome champagne (a nice touch) (well, actually bon jour champagne, the occasion French greeting was also a nice little exotic touch) to the helpful concierge and the efficient doorman (very effective at getting cabs). The free internet connections on three computers in the lobby available for use by guests (with attached printer) was very helpful for doing quick research on places to eat and for printing out directions. Speaking of which, the room service food was delicious (although expensive). The same for the hotel restaurant's breakfast--good but costly. On the other hand, the cost of the rooms was surprisingly reasonable for such a good hotel in such a great location. The location was ideal--near all the action but not in the middle of Times Square so relatively quiet; a lot was within walking distance--particularly convenient to the Theater district. This hotel has earned its high rating.	
Jun 25 2009 	Wonderful respite for two manic travelers	My husband and I are &quot;go go go!&quot; whenever we travel, and NYC was definitely no different for us. So it was wonderful to have a place like Sofitel to stay with so much to do and see in NYC. I loved that the bathrooms had both a shower and a bathtub. Given my tired feet at the end of the day, a soak in a hot bath was just what I needed.And the beds! Oh were they heavenly! By far the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in - and that includes my own. If I could've sneaked the linens in my bags without notice I would have!	
Jun 25 2009 	Fragrant quiet sanctuary centrally located in New York	From the moment you step into the fragrantly scented candle lit lobby you will be won over by this lovely hotel. The staff are professional, efficient and helpful. Our room we a reasonable size for NY with a great view over the Chrysler Building. The location is only a block and a bit from Times Square one way, a block from Grand central station and a block from 5th Ave. Excellent location. The best thing was the L'Occitane products in the bathroom, just wonderful. We really enjoyed our stay here.	
Jun 24 2009 	Excellent	Room was small, but very quiet, clean, comfortable, and stylish. Staff was professional - no problems encountered. Not having free wi-fi really bugs me at this price, but I guess it's not unusual. Great location. Would recommend/stay again.	
Jun 23 2009 	Comfort in the City	Note to self, call ahead if you will arrive a few hours ahead of schedule for an early check-in, that was my fault. Our room was not ready till 3PM as noted on the website. When we finally reached our room, we noticed that is was very roomy compared to most NYC hotels. The things we liked about the room, High Def 32&quot; Flat screen TV, Bose radio system, the bathroom has separate shower and tub. The water pressure was really nice in both locations. My wife really enjoyed the bath soaps, gels, shampoos, the candles, robes, etc. They pile on comfort amenities. I would have never imaged such a comfortable nights sleep in the City that never rests. The room was quiet. Our room was located near the elevators. I will disagree about the noise they generate from previous posts and no, I don;t have hearing problems. There's not much of a view from the 10th floor unless you enjoy looking at mechanical equipment on roof tops. I would stay at this hotel again, but would never pay premium price. It's worth the advance payment discount, as long as you have trip insurance. We found the staff to be very friendly, how ever we were disappointed once with the concierge. When you ask for directions, it's not wise to say, here's a map, go figure it out on your own. It is their job to help you. Needless to say, that 1 event prevented me from rating the Hotel 5 stars. I enjoyed my stay at the hotel and did not feel ripped off.	
Jun 22 2009 	A quiet elegant retreat just steps away from the energy and excitement of times square.	We haven't been to Midtown Manhatten in ten years so I was hesitant to book a room until my well-traveled daughter suggested Tripadvisor.I zeroed in on the Sofitel quickly because of it's: proximity to the theater district yet not directly on Broadway and number of rooms in the hotel. If a hotel is too large you wait 10 minutes for a crowded elevator ride with conventioneers. If too small like a bed and breakfast the staff almost becomes a member of your family. We were given a room next to the elevator which is almost always a disaster. Not this time.This was the most quiet room my wife and I have ever stayed in. We could tell everywhere in the hotel there was a premium on cleanliness.The staff was extremely well-schooled and helpful at every turn including complimentary umbrellas to shopping tips for my wife. If you are not aware yet, Times Square is pedestrian friendly.We enjoyed the theaters, restaurants and shops until 1:00am each night and then walked less then ten minutes back to cozy room at the Sofitel.One last thing, the French Toast coated with cornflakes and drizzed with caramel and maple syrup are out this world! Dr. M. in Naples, FL	
Jun 22 2009 	Location-Location-Location!	This was my first trip to the city and we could not have picked a hotel in a better location. We walked to rockefeller plaza,5th ave shopping,grand central,times square,central park,empire state building.The hotel has a very nice gym (no pool) The staff were very friendly and helpful.We did not eat at the hotel..There are some very nice delis in the area that have some great soups and sandwiches.The room was very clean and spacious for a new york room.The bathroom was nice with a stand up shower that kicked butt.The TV is a large flat screen..The only issue I had was no coffee maker in room.Free coffee in the bar area that I did not know was there until the last day. The bed was kinda old with a big feather pillow top on it. It will provide zero support for your back.The bed also had no top sheet just a heavy feathery type thing that made us sweat our tushys off..They need to put some blankets on the bed..I bet they dont wash that big heavy blanket very often..All in all we really liked this place and would return unless I can afford Trump Plaza..	
Jun 18 2009 	'Luxury' Hotel is corrrect!	This property continues the Sofitel tradition in style. The lobby is really a knockout.Friendly, efficient staff are a pleasure. The rooms &amp; bathrooms are what one expectsof this chain. With Broadway only blocks away the location can't be beat or stroll overto Madison Avenue and take the bus up to 'Musuem Mile' area. I think any floor level isfine, since there is a premium for higher floors. Enjoy!	
Jun 16 2009 	Fantastic Sofitel experience	Sofitel always treats me well and the best part is that their advance rates are relatively affordable for the level of luxury and service you receive.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great location great people great room	i will caveat up front that the hotel upgraded me to a suite on my honeymoon ... while the most important factor in evaluating a hotel, i cannot rate below a 5 b/c they wer so accomodating to us.A proper reflectin on the hotel woudl be: Positives = BEST location, big, clean room with all the amenities (iPod, multile TVs for the suite, etc), excellent service (no hassles at all, ever ... even when we missed late checkout by 3hrs)if i am forced to have a Negative, it woudl be lack of a view ... but i wasnt expecting that. this is really an exceptional hotel and the prices are quite reasonble.	
Jun 15 2009 	Smoking in non-smoking rooms	I wasn't going to do a review of this hotel because even though my spouse and I encountered some disappointments, we enjoyed our stay overall. But I read the review below and I wanted to chime in that we had the same experience. We made sure to request a non-smoking room (since I am allergic to smoke). The room we were given smelled strongly of smoke. When I complained, we were told that it was a non-smoking room. Um, yeah. Although they were calling it a non-smoking room and it was on a non-smoking floor, I found the smell obvious and unpleasant. They didn't have any other rooms available in our category but offered to send us some air freshener (Febreeze). It didn't help. Now the room smelled of cigarette smoke and Febreeze. They did move us to another room the next day when I complained again, but they were obviously not very happy about it and I was made to feel that I was being silly and unreasonable with my request. Although I do love the decor of the rooms and the location, I'm not sure if I'll stay there again because it's just too much of a gamble on getting a room that smells of smoke.	
Jun 14 2009 	A hotel for smokers?	I stayed at the Sofitel in the summer of '07 and was impressed with the spacious, quiet room and elegant bathroom. My latest stay in June of '09 was a bit disappointing, however. The rooms are still spacious and exceptionally quiet, the beds comfortable (with nice sheets and duvet covers -- why don't more hotels replace their awful bedspreads with these?), and the staff friendly and efficient. Unfortunately, our room felt a bit tired and reeked of cigarette smoke, though I was assured that smokers are only allowed on one of the highest floors (why allow them at all?) In addition to the permeating smell, we woke up early one morning to the strong smell of cigarettes drifting in from one of the non-smoking rooms next door. Maybe this is because a lot of Europeans stay here, and they haven't yet realized that smoking causes lung cancer. Every time I walked into the room, I had to turn on the air conditioning and open the window to try to air out the smell of old cigarettes. I should have asked for another room, but doubt it would have been much of an improvement. Our carpet was stained with makeup in one spot and needed a complete replacement, the drapes needed a thorough cleaning, and the chipped finish on the bathroom doors was simply embarrassing for a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel. I've had to wash or dry clean all of my clothing since arriving home because everything smelled like a NYC bar before the smoking laws were passed. Disgusting. Stronger enforcement of no-smoking rules and a freshening up of the rooms are required before I return to the Sofitel.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great hotel in a very convenient location	We stayed for 8 nights in May 09. I researched a large number of hotels before deciding on the Sofitel. The overall experience was superb. A lovely quiet room on the 29th floor. The midtown location is great, on a nice street, and only few minutes walk to Times Square and many other attractions. Hotel staff are very good.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great hotel in the best location!	for 3 nights and loved every minute of the stay there. All the staff were extremely helpful and you could not ask for better, the reception staff were great and the conciege were so helpful and a wealth of knowledge and tips. We used room-service every morning and it was prompt and reasonable priced. Had drinks in the bar one evening and it was a really pleasant experience. So close to all the sights..you would struggle to find a better location than this -Times Square was a 5 minute stroll and the diner next door just perfect for that full load breakfast before a hard day's sightseeing. Rooms comfortable and clean, good space and quiet too. I marked down the hotel on value purely because I think £200 a night is too much to pay anywhere...but the good ones all cost the same!	
Jun 12 2009 	Great location - Great hotel	This hotel is in such a fantastic location - very centrally located on &quot;club row&quot;. Our room was very comfortable &amp; quiet - and not at all cramped which is what one sometimes finds in NYC. The staff was also very helpful. I would not recommend the restaurant that is in the hotel - we tried it for both breakfast and dinner and found the food mediocre and expensive for what it was. Next time I will try the diner recommend by the other reviewers. We received a decent rate online (through quikbook) and would definitely stay again at this rate.	
Jun 11 2009 	A wonderful hotel with superb staff	We spent three nights at the Sofitel Hotel New York. From the time we entered the hotel until we left we were treated so well by everyone - the management and staff were very friendly and couldn't do enough for us. The breakfast in the Gaby restaurant was excellent. Our room was very comfortable.and overlooked the Empire State and Chrysler buildings. The management and staff of this hotel certainly have things right - this is as good as it gets!	
Jun 8 2009 	Always Fantastic	I have stayed at the Sofitel on numerous occasions recently and find the place to be of incredible quality and comfort. The beds are some of the best I have ever encountered and while I am no bed expert I do spend over 100 nights a year staying in Hotels.	
Jun 7 2009 	Loved It...	We truly enjoyed our 5 days there in NYC. The room was great, bed comfortable, room quiet, and service extraordinary. It was only about a 10 minute walk from the Times Square one way, and 5 minute walk to the subway. I would like to suggest the Red Flame cafe next to it for breakfast and meals.	
Jun 6 2009 	First-Rate Hotel	Have been to NYC 3 times now &amp; used TA to pick this hotel. Was not dissapointed. Stayed in a Queen room which was very clean, very comfortable &amp; spacious. The bathroom is large with seperate shower and bath + marble sink with plenty of space. Compared to the other 2 hotels I stayed in there was no comparison. I would definately stay here again and would be more than happy to recommend to anyone.The staff were very helpful and as you walk in the lobby there is a lovely fragrance floating around the place. The location is very good too - within easy reach of Times Square and the same for 5th Avenue shopping. This hotel is not the cheapest around, but worth every penny. And as they say.......you get what you pay for!	
Jun 4 2009 	Fantastic	We stayed at the Sofitel NY from 19/5 to 25/5 and after reading the reviews posted online on tripadvisor. It was good value for money as the location was great, it was not too close to the hustle and bustle of Times Sq and neither was it too far to walk to all the action. The rooms were clean and meticulous and staff were all very helpful esp the door man who was full of info. The only down side was the fact that there was no self making tea and coffee facility in the room for a quick cup before we head out in the morning.The exception is there is a fantastic diner about 4 doors down called the Red Flame that offered huge and yummy breakfasts that will tide you over until dinner time! Other than that Sofitel surpass all our expectations and more. I definitely recommend it and will return when we do visit NY again in the future.	
Jun 4 2009 	Fantastic break - Fab hotel Fab location.	It was our first trip to New York, we stayed for 5 nights at the Sofitel and have nothing bad to say about it. The rooms were very comfortable with huge flatscreen TV's and large soft beds - much needed after a day on your feet!The location is excellent and the hotel good value for money. We would recommend this hotel.	
Jun 3 2009 	Hidden Gem just off the chaos of Times Square	We stayed at the Sofitel between 29th April and 3rd May this year on our first visit to NYC.Trip Advisor was my main tool for choosing the hotel, and with a #5 rank Sofitel was our choice.The hotel is in a fabulous location in midtown Manhattan, two blocks from Times Square, and one block from 5th Ave. Despite it’s central location, west 44th street is not a noisy street.Your experience starts as soon as you arrive by cab and are met by the doormen who take your luggage. Through the revolving doors into the large marble floored lobby and lounge area and on to reception where you are greeted with a friendly Bonjour. We were checked in straight away and our room was ready for us, we went up to the room and our bags followed almost immediately. The reception staff call the bellhops using a bamboo xylophone.Our room was on the 19th floor (1910) and looked towards the Rockefeller Centre. The room was just across the corridor from the lift area, but we didn’t hear them at all. The room was lovely and quiet, and we didn’t hear any noise from any neighbouring rooms during our stay.The bedroom and bathroom were both lovely and roomy. The bedroom had a seating area and table, a large desk area with a HDTV, lovely comfortable bed and large wardrobe area housing the in-room safe.The granite bathroom had a lovely large sink area with enough space for all of my toiletries. The shower cubicle was roomy, and the shower powerful. I only used the bath for soaking my poor toes after all the NY walking!The hotel staff are there if you need them, friendly but not overpowering. The concierge seemed surly, with his Bluetooth in his ear constantly. As another reviewer has said you didn’t know if he was talking to you or on his phone! We didn’t eat in the hotel, but noticed the room service prices varied. We breakfasted daily at the Red Flame Diner on the corner of 6th Ave, and can really recommend the Red Flame special Omelette.We ate out a couple of times at Connolly’s Irish bar on West 45th between 6th and Broadway. Bubba Gump’s and Hard Rock Café are good for lunch on Times Square.We bought a 72 hour sightseeing bus ticket from City Sights, buying the ticket at the booth inside Madame Tussauds instead of from one of the guys on the street. The sales guys are everywhere on Times Square, and along with the Gray Line guys will hassle you to buy tickets at any opportunity.All in all, a very nice hotel, in a great location. We would return to this hotel, and would be happy to stay at another Sofitel.	
Jun 3 2009 	Better if you get a cheap deal	The best thing about this hotel was it's location to Times Square and proximity to everything on foot. Being in midtown was great.The bed was heavenly and the bathroom was modern and had a separate shower, which I like.The lobby area is very small, so it doesn't feel like the most luxurious hotel, but the rooms were nice enough and we got a good deal on expedia, so we were OK with the quality.While it was nice, we thought that because we didn't pay the rack rate. I wouldn't pay full price for this hotel. It wouldn't be worth it.	
May 27 2009 	Amazing hotel	I am 25 my friend is aswel. We wanted to be in a hotel that was central to everything. This hotel is amazing. Not far from the subway station at all. The hotel staff are very friendly. We opted for a high floor so that our view would be good. Our room was great. 32 inch LG tv in there, bose stereo system, walk in shower and bath, marble bathroom and the best part was the bed.. i dont think ive ever been in a bed thats comfier than this one. The location is great. took us about 10 mins to get to empire state building. Its about 15 mins to central park and fifth avanue is only a street away!! You cannot fault the location at all. Have a drink in their bar, its expensive but very classy. Oh and be sure to check out he diner which is on the same road as the hotel. we had breaakfast there every day.. waffles and icecream with cream .. yum yum!! would deffo stay at this hotel again!	
May 23 2009 	Lovely hotel at a Mid-town location that cannot be beat	This was my second stay at the Sofitel NYC in the past 6 months and I would happily stay here again. The mid-town location is stellar, an easy walk to 5th Ave shopping, Times Square, Rockefeller Plaza, Grand Central Station, NY Public Library, Moma...you get the idea. The suites are large, comfortable and well appointed. The bathrooms by NY standards are roomy with a separate soaker tub and good sized shower (this review refers to a suite only), there is also good counter space on the vanity, something i have found to be lacking in other NY hotels. There is a separate dressing room area with plenty of room for clothes, bags etc. The room was quiet, the service staff attentive but not obtrusive. You likely wont be spending that much time in your room, (it is NY after all), but while you are there you will be quite content..The views from our suite on the 21st Floor were amazing, especially with the Chrysler Bldg lit up at night., From fresh flowers in the bathroom, to the nightly turndown service with water, sweets and classical music left playing I would and have recommended the Sofitel to friends, and would not hesitate to stay here again.	
May 21 2009 	Fabulous hotel	I stayed at the Sofitel four years ago and liked it then - four years on and if anything I liked it even more. Superb location, but not in a noisy street, the rooms are superbly appointed, lovely bathrooms, and widescreen HD televisions (though there was a lot of picture break-up at times.) Room service was incredibly quick, even in the mornings, and the staff were universally friendly. The Sofitel is a pretty safe bet in any big city but this one is particularly good - and smaller than some of the mega-hotels around Times Square so you don;t get the crowds waiting for lifts that you can get elsewhere. I will definitely stay here the next time I am in New York.	
May 18 2009 	Outstanding	Most I have ever spent for a hotel room, but worth it. Outstanding service from staff, beautiful large room and bathroom, amenities, everything. Great soundproofing. My new favorite hotel !	
May 16 2009 	Superb location 	Once again we relied on TA to come up with the goods when planning our trip to the Big Apple - and it did!We used the pick up service from Newark which for $10 a head was great value. On arrival we were swiftly checked in and taken to our room on floor 16. The room was excellent. Very comfy bed, large flat screen and a bathroom to die for!This hotel is perfectly located with 5th Ave &amp; Times Square less then 5 mins walk! We went to Grease on Broadway, and to Gordon Ramsay's restaurant - both are very much recommended!The bar in the hotel is very relaxed and a great way to start/end an evening. On one of our nights we had the mini burgers and they were fantastic!!!!!!!For breakfast we went to a diner - turn left at the front door, right at the end of the block and within 100 yards you are there (can't remember the name!) - the breakfast was exceptional for less than $5 a head including coffee!All in all I would totally recommend the Sofitel as an excellent base for exploring New York City!	
May 16 2009 	Unpretentious Class and Comfort	I took myself to New York City for 4 nights in March for my birthday. I knew all hotels in New York were expensive and did my research finding Sofitel to be offering all I wanted and needed. It was a definite splurge being a solo traveler and paying for the room myself but I wanted a splurge. And boy did I get it.From the moment the door is held open for you to enter you are treated gloriously by all the staff. The lobby is beautiful and the set up with the check in at the back to the side keeps it always calm and relaxing. I got the Superior Queen room and was on the 18th floor. Everything about the room was elegant, beautiful and provided supreme comfort. Everything about the room was there to provide a certain level of quality. The carpet, the furniture, the wood paneling were all of the highest quality. The famous Sofitel bed was amazing. Comfort that can't be explained.The bathroom was luxurious with separate bath/shower and a huge granite sink. There is a makeup mirior and many different lighting options in the room. There are phone lines in both the bedroom and the bathroom as well as adjustable tv audio in each. The Bose clock radio provides exquisite sound and you can attach your ipod to it to play your own music.In all honesty, this was the nicest place I have ever stayed. The entire staff from the concierge/check in to room service and housekeeping were all professional, courteous and most importantly sincere. There was always a pleasant greeting and every time I returned to the hotel it was as if returning home. And the comfort the room provided became my private haven in New York City. I have never been so relaxed and comfortable in a hotel room. Sofitel also remembered that it was my birthday and when I returned to my room the first night there was a huge birthday cheescake with berries saying Happy Birthday. Such an expected touch. And the nightly turndown service was such an added bonus that helped with the relaxation. They would tidy up the room, empty all trash barrels, get the bed ready, leave bottled water, close the drapes and put the Bose on relaxing classical music. I also ate at the Red Flame diner down the street as many have and loved it. great food, great prices. I also got room service 2 nights and it was very reasonably priced and very plentiful. They have a huge room service menu and all food was delectable. I also had 2 meals at Gaby which was elegant and delicious. It is expensive but worth the money if you want a treat.I have only positives for Sofitel and say if you are shopping around for a hotel in New York they are all expensive. if you need to pay a little more to stay at Sofoitel it will be oh so worth it. It is now my New York home and I am returning in July. It is so rare in this day and age to find a hotel that provides quality service, comfort and feels like home. Sofitel does all this down to the point that when I called the front desk they answered the phone saying my name. They knew it was me.For the best in quality. comfort and a treat for yourself Sofitel is a must.	
May 13 2009 	Excellent - would recommend it	What an excellent hotel! Perfect central location, pleasant staff, beautiful hotel throughout. We had a Queen room, which was faultless. The bed was incredibly comfy (it was hard to leave it in the mornings!), the room was spacious and beautifully furnished, and the bathroom was roomy and tasteful. Great shower! I'd be more than happy to stay there again.We did avoid the bar and restaurant because they were very pricey, but there's a fab diner just down the road for breakfast.	
May 11 2009 	Perfect stay at a fabulous hotel - highly recommended!	We just stayed at the Sofitel in NYC - May 5-8, 2009. We had a wonderful stay. I would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there again. The room (queen bed) was a nice size for New York, the bathroom was gorgeous with separate tub and shower and also a good size. The bed was extremely comfortable with a feather bed and down duvet, and Frette linens (Frette towels in the bathroom too!). We ate breakfast each morning at Gaby which was delicious. We had a miscommunication on the phone with the reservations agent when booking the room, and upon checking in the Front Desk Manager was quick to rectify the situation and she handled it graciously. The location of the hotel was great also - close to Grand Central and Bryant Park for Subway, Theater District, etc. However, 44th Street is quiet enough not to hear any street traffic!	
May 8 2009 	Great location good value European flavor excellent service	We stayed 6 nights. Although we were on a non-smoking floor, there was a smell of it in our room, so they moved us up to the 22nd floor to a very nice, slightly larger room. The rooms are very nice, service everywhere is excellent, and very handy walking distance to all the midtown attractions. Hotel breakfast is expensive, but was the best I have ever had. Many other cheap eats locally as well as good restaurants. Feathery bed became a little hot and scratchy. A high percentage of French guests and the Sofitel brand gives it a European and interesting vibe. Lobby is beautifually done with comfy lounges / chairs. Welll worth it and would stay again in an instant	
May 7 2009 	Not as good as it used to be	My husband and I recently stayed at the Sofitel NY for a week. We have stayed there a few times before and have always thought it was a wonderful value for the money. It may still be but we did notice that the service has declined. There was not any one thing that caused us to think this but rather several small (and not-so-small) things that occurred over the course of our stay, First, when we checked in, we were told that my free drink was ready (I am a platinum Accor member) but my husband's was not and so he should just come back the next day to get his drink. Right. Then, when we saw our room we were not given the room we had expected. I know that hotels can rarely guarantee a specific room but, given that we were staying for 8 nights and that I am a Platinum Accor member (which, apparently, is not worth much) and also that we had always received a nice sized luxury king during our past stays. it was what we were expecting. So, we were told that we would get a nicer room the next day and that we should not unpack. The next afternoon we were told that we could not move to the room we were promised because the guest who was currently occupying it refused to leave (very strange story but I guess these things happen). The staff member who relayed this to us was genuinely upset and apologized profusely. So, we were given a room that was larger than the one we had but a bit smaller than the one we were promised. Again, not a big deal as the room was fine but, at this point, we were starting to wonder what was up. The next thing that occurred was that my husband called down to the concierge and was told that the concierge was not available so to just call back the next day. That is, he was not asked what his question was so that someone else might be able to help him. Again, a small thing but just something else to add to the list. The day after we asked the hotel to dry-clean a few things, including my husband's (very expensive) suit. It came back without a button. Sigh... The next thing on the list is the laundry detergent they are now using to wash the linens and in-room robes. My husband and I put on the robes and agreed that they felt like sandpaper. No exaggeration - there was no way to wear them. The sheets were not as bad but still felt a bit scratchy. When I mentioned this to the woman at the registration desk she admitted that they had started using a different (I assume much cheaper) detergent. Last thing - the bed. The sofitel beds have always been luxuriously soft - like sleeping on a cloud. This mattress was soft beyond words - so soft that it perhaps needed to be replaced a year ago. Would I stay at the Sofitel again? It's a hard call - our experience may have just been bad luck. The hotel is perfectly located and really is very pretty. However, there are so many hotel deals in NYC now and also so many interesting vacation apartment rentals to be had for the same price as our room, that we might try something else next time.	
May 7 2009 	Very nice	Pros: clean, trendy style, good locationCons: a bit small but acceptable, internet access $10/day (!)We booked through a promo, $240/night (pre-paid, non-ref)., great hotel for this price. I would not pay more though. Did not like the non-refundable condition and also the expensive internet access (unacceptable nowadays!). Compares with Grand Hyatt, I've been in both, that one has larger rooms, nicer lobby, more pampering.	
May 7 2009 	Solid choice all around	The Sofitel excels where many NYC hotels do not. The rooms are comfortably sized with very large bathrooms. The decor is contemporary classic, and all is laid out well to be highly usable - the lighting, desk, TV, etc. The location is very convenient to the subways, taxis and Times Square, yet is still quiet being on a side street. The Internet access is discounted with T-Mobile and is only $5.99/night - quite a deal for a NYC hotel! The best of all is I was *thrilled* they gave us an early check in with no hassles. I'd definitely stay here again.	
May 6 2009 	great location	Our first time in New York so we booked the Sofitel after checking out the reviews on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed. The room was a little smaller than expected, but we had a very large bathroom. Both were spotlessly clean. One of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in!The location was ideal.	
May 5 2009 	Great Value and location	We booked a suite package through Luxury Escapes that included brkfstr, late checkout and upgrade. We received a suite with a furnished terrace that was large, clean and comfortable. The brkfst would have been over &amp;60pp. I will stay here again instead of the Four Seasons, Trumop or St Regis.	
May 4 2009 	Fluffy bed!	Love that bed, you just sink into a delightful morass of pillows and what at least feels like a feathered mattress. Servce was great. Breakfast was delicious but glad we had a package as it was very pricey ($40 pp). Room was very comfortable and we loved the glassed in marble shower. Not much of a view, that was disappointing. Also, very quiet. Never knew that anyone else was on the floor.	
May 3 2009 	My Favourite NY Hotel	Until staying in the Sofitel, I had always been disappointed with New York hotels in the 4-star, $400-ish/night range. Other NY hotels I've tried in this class tend to either have tiny rooms, in need of renovation, have thin walls, are noisy (can hear street noises), etc. I had stayed in a Sofitel in London and loved it, so decided to give the NY one a try. It didn't let me down. Service first rate. Exquisitely comfortable bed. Rooms sparklingly clean and not tired-looking. Most importantly, pristinely quiet. Definitely will make this my hotel of choice in New York.	
May 3 2009 	Sofitel - An oasis in New York City	The Sofitel gets it done for business travelers. The midtown location is great. The rooms are quiet. The service is good. Check in and check out is a breeze -- which is not true at many hotels these days.View can be limited unless you are on the 20th floor and above. But for a business traveler, views are less important.There is a good restaurant and bar downstairs in the lobby. And the surrounding area is full of good restaurants as well.We all get tired of travelling, if you are a frequent business traveler. The Sofitel is always a welcome break from awful hotel stays. I will stay there many more times.And this hotel has an honest to goodness fitness center; so many hotels do not.	
May 1 2009 	Honeymoon Heaven	Spent 3 days at The Sofitel for our honeymoon, they gave us an automatic upgrade from a luxury room to a suite. Granted, we had to wait for this particular suite, set aside for us, for just over an hour, but the wait was well worth it. Out of one bedroom window, a clear view of the Empire State, out of the other, a better view of the Chrysler Building. Fifteen minutes following check in, a cheesecake with fresh berries arrived with warm wishes written in chocolate on the rim. Fabulous service, turndowns, drinks in the bar, ambiance, doorman etc.. Great experience, highly recommended. You won't be disappointed.	
Apr 29 2009 	Best choice! Thanx to Tripadvisor!	Looking for the best possible hotel in the Times Sq. area I was looking up on Tripadvisor - and the suggestions fmade me choose Sofitel. I was highly satisfied. Room 1408 was spacious, had a very big bathroom (very nice) and was very clean. The only thing I missed was the tea&amp;coffe-making facility in the room - but that was just a small detail. It was very silent and we got a good rest after long days of walking around. I can highly recommend this hotel to any city traveller. A Cafe Europe is just around the corner (if someone wants a choice of breakfast outside the hotel!). For dining I chose some spots on the 9th Ave - a huge variety of yummy YumYum Thai restaurants, Italian style restaurants and others. I can highly recommend this hotel - and I will stay there again. Price value was very good!	
Apr 28 2009 	Switched to Multiple Rooms A/C Out Stale Smell Unfriendly Concierge	RECOMMEND 20th FLOOR OR HIGHER! When we arrived, we were placed into a room on the 11th floor - with a direct view of a brick wall and a foul stale smell in the room. We then were switched to another room on 16 - similar bad view and smelly. Finally got to the 21st floor where the view was better and the room was fine - very comfy bed with a well appointed and clean bathroom. Unfortunately the A/C on the floor and in the room was on the fritz and we had to call the engineering team in twice to get a trickle of cool air flowing. I thought the concierge was quite unfriendly and put out by any questions (like restaurant suggestions, help with Empire State Passes, etc) - you never knew if he was listening to you or to the bluetooth stuck in his ear. The lobby is nice and it's in a great location, but I think I'd search out another location in the future.	
Apr 27 2009 	Definetly not as good as it used to be	We have stayed at Sofitel New York for the last five years. This used to be our favorite hotel when visiting NYC. I am afraid this is not the case anymore. The hotel is falling behind, both in service and rooms. Just a couple of points that have helped us to look for antother location next time around...- Burnholes in the carpet of our suite.- Doors between bedroom and livingroom scratched and do not close properly- Ice machine on floor broken down and has not been fixed during our entire stay. On the floor below, same thing. So to go fot ice, go down 2 floors and hope that the machine on that floor does work.- Our $500 a night suite was extremely noisy, both during the day but especially at night. Sounds of elevators, machines on the roof and slamming doors kept us awake most nights.- Coming home one day we discovered our room had not been cleaned. It took moren than 1,5 hours and &gt;4 calls to get someone to clean it.- Waterpressure is lousy, you will have to run around in your shower to even get wet.- The &quot;soaking tub&quot; is big enough for a kid but to small for an adult (6ft5&quot;)Why not change to another room you might ask ? This hotel used to have 2 floors with smoking rooms but recently started with only using the 28th floor as a smoking floor. So, if you have a problem with your suite, good luck because there are no alternatives.We will not be staying at the Sofitel next time.	
Apr 27 2009 	Luxury Hotel at Moderate Prices	Sofitel has received so many excellent reviews, but I don't think anyone has totally focused on the fact that Sofitel's rooms have just about every feature of the top-grade luxury hotels such as the RitzCarlton or Four Seasons but at a moderate price and within walking distance of the theatre district and Fifth Avenue shopping. From the luxurious Frette linens and towels, to the extremely comfortable beds, attractive furnishings, beautiful marble bathrooms with separate tub and shower, lighted makeup mirrors---too many things to mention---Sofitel does not miss anything that the extremely high-priced hotels have. In addition, Sofitel has a very attractive bar and restaurant, (although the restaurant is rather expensive). Further, the rooms are blissfully quiet, views are good, A/C is quiet and thermostatically controlled, and all personnel are friendly and helpful. The only negative I can think of is that the lobby is somewhat unappealing looking and could use a facelift---not that it is at all rundown---just not up to attractiveness of the rest of the place. This is my new favorite hotel in NYC!!	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent Service and Location	Stayed for 5 nights recently with my wife. This was our second stay at Sofitel having been extremely impressed some 11 months earlier. Their standards remain consistently high. The biggest plus points are its central location and the excellent concierge services. They excelled themselves particularly on this trip with some superb restaurant recommendations and reservations. The rooms are well appointed and reasonably sized (by NYC standards). We stayed in a more than ample &quot;Classic&quot; room on the 15th floor to the rear of the building - fronting onto W. 45th Street with a good view of the Rockefeller Centre.Would wholeheartedly recommend this place and it definitely remains my hotel of choice in NYC!!	
Apr 20 2009 	Treated like royalty at the Sofitel	What a delight to stay at the Sofitel. I was taking my son to NYC for his 11th birthday and we could not have made a better choice for hotel. They upgraded us to a lovely view room and thoughtfully surprised us with a beautiful, personalized birthday cake and card for my son. How charming! The bathroom was sumptuous (loved the scent of the body lotion!) and the bed extremely comfortable. The concierge was very helpful as well. The location is walking distance, literally, to absolutely everything we wanted to see. Small but well equipped fitness center was never crowded. Room service arrived lickety-split and was virtually gourmet. On our last morning, I treated my son to the (very expensive) breakfast at Gaby's - WOW that was delicious. Highly recommend the Sofitel.	
Apr 20 2009 	fantastic	just returned from a dream stay here.really cant say enough good things about the place. arrived in a taxi and before you could even see the hotel properly the concierge was immediately greeting us and helping us with bags and even making sure we didnt get ripped off in the taxi. reception dealt us accordingly and brilliantly. our bags were in our room within ten mins. our room was on the 21st floor. the room had a view of the chrysler building but little else although it was still nice.the room itself didnt have an overly expensive mini bar considering some of the prices in ny. the bathroom was huge while the bed is possibly the most comfortable i have ever had. the room had a safe and the staff cleaned it twice a day whilst leaving on nice classical music for the evening.every day the staff greeted us warmly and were very helpful in giving us tips on shopping even printing out stuff for us without being asked.the bar itself was a tad expensive and was breakfast but theres plenty of other places to go for that. again i cant compliment that staff enough as they did everything that was asked of them and more.if i do go back to new york which i hope to this will be the first place i will book. even leaving we were advised to book a seperate car as opposed to a taxi which for the sake of $5 was well worth it considering the room and comfort. thanks ever so much for making my ny stay a dream	
Apr 17 2009 	Great hotel and kitty friendly	My husband and I were looking for an upscale hotel for a 5 night stay that would accommodate all of our needs as well as welcome our sweet little feline girl. Sofitel was it. The room was spotless, and for those of you who have pet allergies they take extraordinary measures to clean and sanitize rooms that have had a pet in them. I have never traveled with a pet before, and always wondered if I was in a &quot;pet friendly room&quot; was it going to look and smell like it. Contrary to previous reviews the staff couldn’t have been friendlier. From housekeeping, to Felix at the front desk to the delightful staff at Gaby’s. We enjoyed an amazing breakfast every morning, with coffee I dreamed about the night before. Breakfast is expensive but was included in our room price. Room service was expensive but in line with eating out. The food was quite extraordinary and was the quickest delivery I have ever experienced. The hotel was beautifully decorated and was very spacious. Our room was spacious for NY standards, and the bathroom was lovely marble with a separate bath and shower. The elevators were quiet and quick. The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance to so much. I did an extensive amount of research and review reading in order to try and make the best choice. I also not only checked all the travel sites for prices but also I called the hotel itself and asked what they could do for us. With the economy the hotel industry is hurting and it’s actually a great time to travel. I am very glad we chose Sofitel and would return there for our next trip	
Apr 11 2009 	A good place to stay in New York City	This was my 5th visit to New York City and have always been lucky enough to stay with friends or in an apartment my company leased. I was recommended this hotel and it is one of only a few 4/5 star rated hotels that does twin beds as I was going with a friend. When we booked it we hadn't realised how central this hotel was. If you are shopping and sightseeing then this is great. At the bottom end of the great shops on fifth avenue and a couple of blocks away from times square. The staff (despite other postings) were professional, quick and helpful. The bar area and restaurant is expensive - we only had a drink in there but very chilled out and again - service is excellent.Our room was clean, quiet and with great views. Agree with other postings - the concierge pointed us in the direction of the a restaurant close by but was way overpriced - £150 for steak and a glass of wine each. Overall this is a great place to stay, would definately visit again, the doorman are great and really helpful about directions.If you are going to NYC I recommend (if a fan) the sex in the city tour - apart from anything else it gives you a really good feel for other areas of the city - ie Greenwich Village, SoHo, NoHo and Meat Packing District.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location...TERRIBLE STAFF	Just returned from a 4 day trip to NYC. My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel and really liked the location, free lobby internet, room and restaurant (Gaby...breakfast is expensive but delicious!!) Forget the concierge and front desk personnel...they're worthless. Concierge suggested 2 restaurants for dinner, I googled them before we went and they both had TERRIBLE reviews, &quot;overpriced, small portions, rude staff etc...&quot; we found an amazing restaurant on our own, Scarlattos (Amazing!!) I also found the concierge to be unhelpful on rainy-day activities and help getting to the airport. The frot desk personnel were also unhelpful and generally rude. Tip: ask the doormen for suggestions, they were very helpful on activities and even got us a towncar to Newark for $75 (including tolls)!!	
Mar 31 2009 	Fantastic	My wife and I went to new York and stayed at the Sofitel, our stay was made even more great by the attentiveness of the staff, when we mentioned we were on our honeymoon we were offered an upgrade to a suite for not much extra, the Concierge could not be more helpful when we wanted to book a tour. the location is perfect, (between 5th and 6th avenues) I have been on holiday numerous times to New York , but this is by far the best hotel I have stayed in whilst visiting the big apple, and I would definately stay here again.	
Mar 26 2009 	Clean Elegant Friendly Place in center of Manhattan	First, I am very particular with choosing a place to stay, and read most reviews about any hotel in whichever manner possible [i.e ratings from least to most rated, from most recent to oldest, etc]. My experience of Sofitel started right here on Tripadvisor, and it was great. Our room was clean, classy, marvelous marble bathroom, and with dawn bed. Service was very good, staff very helpful. Location excellent. Clientelle mostly european. Only issue was Parking, which the staff told us would give discount, which turned out to be false, but not a major issue as Parking in this part of city is very expensive regardless. Never ate at their restaurant since the breakfast prices were very expensive, and you can get the same thing for much lower few doors down in a nice diner.	
Mar 25 2009 	Goodbut not as good as it was	I have just returned from a stay at the Sofitel to celebrate my wife's 50th birthday.It is the second time that we have stayed at the hotel.Overall the experience was very good.In particular the way that the housekeeping staff arranged for champagne and cake to be delivered at exactly the time I wanted without my wife knowing.The beds are still the most comfortable ever,the rooms are excellent,shower and bath superb.The one difference that I have noticed is the reception staff.The American reception staff were excellent,friendly and nothing was too much trouble,however the French staff were rude and dismissive as if everything was below them.This was a continuing theme from check in to check out.An example being the arrangement to delay checkout until 4pm on the day of departure as a Sofitel Card holder.I asked a French member of staff, he would not do it as my loyalty card number had not shown on my bill. I waited until he had gone off duty,, approached an American member of staff ,explained the situation and was told &quot; sure,no problem sir&quot; all with a smile.Only a little thing but it makes such a difference.The same applies with the front of hotel doormen,such lovely friendly people.It transpired that one of the staff had a birtday of 21st March,the day before my wife,this man was friendly,knew our names and made such an effort to make us feel welcome, even going out of his way find us and wish us farewell until next year.The Sofitel is a great play to stay in New York.It would be better if just some of the staff made the effort to make customers feel welcome	
Mar 24 2009 	A touch of luxury	We stayed at the Sofitel, New-York for 5 days during July 2008.This hotel has a great location 2 minutes walk to Time Square, and 15 minutes to central park. The hotel provided a very competent service, a very helpful reception moving us to another room after we requested it (we wanted one higher up with a better view), an efficient concierge making all the necessary reservation in a short time, and good room service (a nice touch was the fresh flower each morning with our breakfast). The rooms are very nice (not very big but this is New York you don’t get beach villas there ? ) and with a great view over the Chrysler building, and was decorated in a warm way and with furniture of really good quality, nothing felt cheap and everything was perfectly maintained.In our whole trip to the states this was the property that felt the most luxurious and were the service seemed the most personalized and not standardized.	
Mar 23 2009 	Think Comfort: Think Sofitel	The Sofitel on 44th Street is like comfort food. You can't go wrong. Big comfortable bedrooms, cushy beds, bathroom with separate bath and shower, great amenities, wonderful service, great location.	
Mar 18 2009 	For us Sofitel was perfect	We arrived for a short honeymoon weekend of three nights. We got a good &quot;3 nights for the price of 2&quot; deal through the hotels website.The location is unbeatable.Check-in took maybe four minutes and they had upgraded us to a higher floor and wider bed because of our honeymoon. We also received a cheesecake from housekeeping, that was a nice touch.We loved the a la carte breakfast, which was included in our room price. The staff was very polite and courteous.Bathroom amenities were lovely.Wonderful gym.Check-out took four minutes as well, if not less.We also got a nice deal to JFK from one of the valets, a Sedan with a normal taxi price. Excellent service.We will definitely come back to this hotel.	
Mar 12 2009 	Perfect Location	My partner and I stayed in New York for the first time last year. We did alot of research on Trip Adviser and decided based on good reviews to stay the Sofitel. We loved it!! The location was great, close to lots of attractions including Times Square. The rooms were nice and kept clean. We hope to stay here again on our next trip to New York!	
Mar 10 2009 	Good for the right price. Other sofitels better	Good staff except for housekeeping which was very hit and miss. Got a great deal. Doors very noisy closing in corridor but very little noise from street. Hated charge for toll free and local calls and pressure-sensitive mini bar. Decor not al that stylish especially copared with other Sofitels.	
Mar 8 2009 	Postive feedback I issue made me becoming member of Tripadvisor	We went the 4 of us 2 adults and 2 kids of 6 and 9 for 3 days in nyc and decided to stay at the sofitel m partly because I am a A-club platinum member and got upgraded in a suite. Hotel and location is fine, even if not as trendy as others. Specil compliments to the Concierge Ren how has beed able to find place to have lunch wgich excatly fitted our request. We will probably return to that hotel, also on business.	
Mar 4 2009 	Resting on its laurels	The Sofitel New York consistently comes up very high in any hotel listings for New York so my expectations were probably equally lofty. Having arrived 6 hours late after a transatlantic nightmare I checked in at 1 am. While check in was quick (hand over credit card, sign the form) I wasn’t exactly overwhelmed by the staff. None of the usual welcome treats were ready: no drinks voucher, no water in the room, no fruit or chocolates. This is the only Sofitel I ever stayed in that was not ready for my arrival and as Accor considers this one of its flagships this was highly disappointing.Room 2805 turned out to be relatively spacious (by New York standards and NY standards alone). The bed as per usual superb and comfortable, the décor subdued but elegant, the 50”TV oversized for a room this size (must be a US thing). The bathroom was pleasant surprise in terms of size and having a separate shower from the bath. Though it was by no means a power or rain shower which one would expect. One the second day flowers arrived in bathroom which was nice.A big surprise was the sizeable gap at the bottom of my room door, which allowed the corridor noise to travel straight into the room. You could actually look through it, bizarre! It was noted that vacuuming did not seem to occur daily or was certainly not very thorough.Service throughout was a bit sketchy and inconsistent. On the second day they wanted my credit card again (I already gave to the receptionist at check in and they have it on their system) which underlined that their systems are a bit shaky. The ordered newspapers arrived on some days and on others not. The ice machine on the 28th floor was not working and the bar staff unfortunately were very limited in their knowledge of cocktails (note to staff: Hendricks Gin IS served with a slice of cucumber and Tonic and no I did not want them sliced as crudités on the side! What were they thinking?! Well I know what they were thinking as the audible chatted to one another and thought I was weird).The biggest downside of my room was the fact that it was located right behind the elevator shafts and this presented a constant clatter of noise, and it was unpleasant hearing metal creaking throughout the night. So much so that I had to resort to ear plugs. As this was a work trip I was too tired to exchange the room.Having said all of that the Sofitel New York is beautiful property and the small touches such as a lovely turn down service make it one of the better destinations in town. However I did get the distinct feeling that it resting on its laurels and more attention to detail is needed, considering the premium prices it charges it may want to revisit its service. Oh and please drop that ever so annoying “Bonjour” business when greeting guests, I know it is a French chain but come on how fake is this coming from fully fledged New Yorkers?Shall I return? Yes if only to see whether this trip was a fluke and the Sofitel is really as good as people say it is.	
Mar 3 2009 	Best French hotel in NYC	Let's say it straight: the Sofitel is flawless. Service is perfect, rooms are perfect, beds are perfect, location is perfect, gym is perfect, I did not try the breakfast but I am sure it is also perfect. The only problem is: everybody knows it back in France so when I stayed there, I felt like I was still in Paris. The Eiffel Tower or Arc de Triomphe paintings do not help feeling away from France. When I checked in, French was spoken all the time! So, French invasion? Nope, we like our comfort back home, so we want to have the same quality in NYC. Picky French? Arrogant? Try &quot;connaisseurs&quot; :) The Sofitel is definitely your safest bet when you stay in NYC: a wonderful bridge between two cultures, with the best of both worlds.	
Feb 27 2009 	Excellent hotel 	2nd stay with the Sofitel chain, 1st in NYC. Perfect location for everything on 44st. Very pleasant staff. Room was on the 17th floor - as usual extra comfy beds, plenty of towels and very clean. Turn down service was lovely. Nice space for a NYC hotel.Breakfast was amazing. Try the waffle!! Yum! My partner is french so he adored it! It is worth getting out of the comfy beds for. We got a great deal - 3 nights for price of 2 including brekky totalling $720 booking directly with the hotel. This was for Valentines Weekend! Book well in advance to get the deals. Great value, great location, Megga Breakfast.Cant wait to go back!	
Feb 26 2009 	Good but a little surprised at all the hype...	I was surprised when I saw that Sofitel was listed as one of Trip Advisor's Most Luxurious Hotels...I had a good stay here but wasn't quite as impressed as some of the other reviewers. I appreciate that they checked my room key before letting me go into the elevators (safety!) but the &quot;key checker&quot; was a little rude/blunt. I walked past him and he yelled sternly at me and called me &quot;shorty.&quot; The room and bathroom were good but nothing super fancy. Now that I think about it, I may have gotten a corporate room b/c the rates were lower for our convention and my room didn't look as plush as some of the other photos. Anyway, I only stayed for 2-3 days...maybe I should've stayed longer! And most of the time I was at a Marketing class anyway...	
Feb 25 2009 	Possibly the best hotel breakfast in the US?	Very well located on 44th, about half way from Grand Central Station &amp; the giant Toys R Us store. Let's start reviewing the possible aspects which might put off some:many of the rooms are on the small side, though NOT for New York; looking at the floor map, it's clear that there are significant variations in room sizes etc...Secondly, although generally clean, if you are the kind of person who is revolted by a carpet stain or two: the carpet is NOT shampooed every day and you should avoid this place.Here are specific recommendations: book a rate which includes breakfast; the website often offers wonderful specials if you book in advance. The breakfast is truly extraordinary in terms of setting (lovely), service (impeccable) and food (not enough adjectives). The lobby is wonderful (fresh flowers changed regularly, comfortable chairs, business area with 3 computers &amp; free printing, fresh green apples. The gym is good enough &amp; there are head phones if you forget yours. The bed is fantastic. Quiet, classy hotel. We will be back.	
Feb 24 2009 	Nice hotel great location	Had a wonderful weekend stay at the Sofitel. The location is very convenient to midtown sights, and more importantly, shopping. Despite being on the edge of Times Square, the area was generally quiet and free of the typical TS chaos. The room (610) was very spacious and despite being just around the corner from the elevators, it was more or less quiet. The bathroom was also quite big, but the doors bothered me. I’m sure they’re simply for aesthetics sake, but instead of a standard door, there were two skinny doors that opened from the center and the one always swung shut. I'm all for sleek design, but only when it's practical, too. Also bathroom-related, the toiletries were surprisingly generic; glad I had brought my own. We had little interaction with the staff, but they were friendly/helpful in those few instances. Overall, a really nice stay.	
Feb 16 2009 	Very nice room good service and central location	I stayed here with my wife for 5 days while in NYC for a wedding on the back end of a 25 day trip in the US. We were sitting on the fence for a long time before deciding to book here rather than the Palace which we had heard was great. We know New York and wanted to stay in this area only (Mid Town but nearer 5th than Times Square). However, we are Sofitel fans and have stayed a few times in one of our favouite spots - The Sofitel St James, London - so we expected a certain standard which we got. It's not cheap, but for the hotel standard and location, it's not over priced either. It's right around the corner from St Patrick's Cathedral and a host of other &quot;areas of interest&quot; are within walking distance. The room was perfect - large by NYC standards - Clean and modern with a decent size bathroom and a very comfortable bed. We dined out in some of the well-known eateries in the area during our stay and returned one evening to the very nice hotel bar (The only part of the service which was not up to scratch with a surly barwoman who seemed annoyed to have to make a couple of mojitos - but that would not put either of us off - everyone can have an off day!). We booked through the Sofitel Website and got a special offer which there was some confusion over at check-out (but when I presented the website print-out which detailed the &quot;total amount due&quot;, the staff promply amended the bill downward by about $400 and apologised, giving the explanation that the web-site was incorrect). The response was excellent but I was disapointed with the error as I really feel uncomfortable complaining or disputing a bill - so whatever the issue is, I hope they correct it. These little issues were inconsequential and can be a part of any hotel experience - overall, I would definitely recommend it.	
Feb 16 2009 	Absolutely fantastic!	Have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Sofitel New York. I found that the hotel was perfect for what we required, which was some where quiet to rest but still near to all the things we wanted to do.I would definatly go back to the Sofitel again!	
Feb 15 2009 	great!	This hotel is great! Very nice atmosphere, excellent food at the Gaby restaurant (I recommend the sea scallops with the artichokes-it was delicious!). Additionally the service in the restaurant is above par. Great attention to detail and excellent knowledge of food and wines.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great hotel but impersonal	Sofitel is a solid hotel, but it lacks personal touch to make it more than a centrally-located building with great rooms. We stayed for a week and upon arrival they offered a suite at a higher price. A very nice suite, reasonably priced for NYC, with great views of the skyline. There is nothing to complain about in terms of cleanliness, service, etc. All very good. What's missing, to make it a great hotel, is character and charm. They've tried to give the lobby a grand European touch, more or less successfully. And there is a bar/restaurant behind the reception. All in all, however, coming to the Sofitel feels like arriving at train station - that's how impersonal it is. Location is great - depending on what you want to do in NYC. It's only a blcok or 2 away from Bryant Park and easy access to everything. All in all - solid place.	
Feb 13 2009 	Very nice but missed wake up call	Generally, I would highly recommend Sofitel for their service, food, location and value. Indeed, all of these things were present. What was not present was a requested wake up call, which is highly problematic when traveling on business. Even more surprising was no apology from management other than that they were going to check into it. That does not really help me and I would not return.	
Feb 8 2009 	Absolutely fantastic hotel in every way	Been wanting to stay here for the last few times we have been to NY and finally got around to it this year and we did not regret it at all. I emailed ahead and asked for a room on a high floor (like I always do) and this time we actually got one - on 27th floor. The view was amazing and the room was very comfortable. We could hear a whurring noise from the motor room of the lifts, but it did not keep us awake - it was just a bit annoying. The bathroom was brilliant especially the shower cubicle and the turndown service was a nice touch .The reception staff, concierge and doorman were all excellent and the location could simply not be better. It was right off 5th Avenue and Times Square but was very very quiet. We did not go to the bar or restaurant but they looked OK. We have stayed in many hotels over the years which have all been good but we will definitely go back to the Sofitel again.	
Feb 3 2009 	Another vote for Sofitel	I based my decision to stay at Sofitel based in part on a price comparison between it and The Library hotel and based on the reviews of Tripadvisors for both hotels. In the end Sofitel was slightly more expensive but the rooms were bigger. I was really pleased (although I was jealous of those who had rooms with better views!) My room was a Classic , a little more than $200 USD over Sat. and Sun. It's a very nice hotel. Clean, great location, the room was an excellent size and well supplied and maintained. Great bathrooms. I wouldn't dine at the hotel when there are so many better deals very close. The location is excellent in midtown, between 5th and 6th, with banking machines very close. I found the staff very helpful and courteous. I did have one complaint and that was that the bed was too soft. I don't know if you can request a harder bed or not. Comfort for me is a stone slab with about an inch of padding. But that's a personal preference, no fault of the hotel. The room was clean, in good condition, not any signs of wear and tear. The place was quiet, too... no traffic sounds or sounds from other rooms. All in all, a great hotel and a very good value for money experience as far as I am concerned. I would happily stay there again.	
Feb 3 2009 	Loved the Sofitel	My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel at Times Square the last weekend of January. It was a fantastic weekend and the Sofitel exceeded my expectations.We got there early and were given the option of a room on the 6th floor for immediate check in or a room higher up at 2:00. We chose to drop our bags and walk around the city and come back at 3:30. When I got back the gentlemen at the desk gave us a lovely room on the 22nd floor. He asked me what we were in town for and I told him it was my birthday. The room was lovely with a comfortable bed, nice view, and a lovely and large bathroom with a great tub and separate shower. After dinner and the broadway show we say, headed back to the hotel and got into the room and there was a small but absolutely delicious cheesecake with happy birthday on it with napkins and silverware on the bed with a nice card. It was delicious. Everyone at the hotel was gracious and nice. We got a couple wonderful restaurant recommendations from the Concierge and great directions to everywhere we wanted to go. The hotel gave us a very handy map and arranged for reservations.I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel. The location was great. About 2 blocks from Times Square between 6th and 7th. Quiet location but only a 5 minute walk from the middle of Times Square. walkable to Central Park, museums, theatres.Great weekend and wonderful experience at the Sofitel.	
Jan 29 2009 	Quiet comfort in Manhattan	We booked a one bed suite-High floor requested. Location is one block east of Times Square so close to all the sights and sounds,yet we were in such a quiet location we could have been in the country.All the staff were very good and the cleaning was prompt and inconspicuous.New York in January is COLD but the doorstaff were always smiling and joking and gave us a warm and familiar welcome each time we returned.We could not have wished for a more comfortable or easier stay though for us Brits New York is also extremely expensive(try $10 for a bottle of water in a medium restaurant so we had to drink beer instead!).if going to N Y then this must be the place to stay and its' high position in Tripadvisor is justified	
Jan 29 2009 	Sofitel was very nice	We just came back from a weekend at the Sofitel in NY. The location cannot be beat - we were in the heart of everything. We got there early (around 2) and they let us check into the room. The amenities were nice and the towels and bed were very clean. The HD TV was nice, too. We went to the bar on both nights, and we had the bar fare as well. The trio of fries was very good. The staff was attentive, yet they didn't hover over you. They were pleasant and assisted us with whatever we wanted.We skipped the breakfast at the hotel ($22 pancakes), and went to the diner next door, which was very good.If I had an &quot;area of improvement&quot; it would be the valet cost - it is $50/day and you really cannot get to your car if you need it. It took a while for us to get our car, even when we called 30 minutes in advance.I recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
Jan 29 2009	Amazing hotel!	I had read all the reviews of this highly rated hotel before going there for my recent honeymoon and I can truely say that it is every bit as good as the reviews make out. It is so grand and luxurious and you are treated so well by all staff as soon as you pull up on the pavement. We found out that we had been upgraded to a King size room on the 22nd floor and were very excited. The room itself is amazing, a very good size and just like all the pictures depict. I personally loved the bathroom and the huge shower but my favourite part had to be the bed. It was without exageration the cosiest bed I have ever slept in in my life!I had read that on these reviews before and had thought &quot;how can it be that special&quot; but it is honestly something else! I still miss it every night! We had drinks in the bar and a meal in the restaurant and can highly recommend both experiences. The concierge were also so helpful and the lobby and indeed the whole hotel was beautifully decorated. I have nothing negative to say about this hotel at all and I can't wait to go back and sleep in the bed again!	
Jan 27 2009 	Big hotel - boutique feel	My wife and I spent four nights at this hotel and we agree with other visitors who believe that this is top hotel. We, however, would like to put in a word for the bar and restaurant. The bar serves light meals and the food and service in the restaurant was excellent and priced similarly to other establishments in the area.	
Jan 27 2009 	not the best	we arived late to this hotel room and told the concierge that would be the case, the room was not had heating on and with -8c outside it was very difficult to sleep.2nd day we had been out all day in the city, but when we had returned the room had not been made up.not a great start for this type of hotel.service was not very personel and found it better to suited to buisness traveller	
Jan 23 2009	18" of closet space?? that stunned us more than the view!	Count us in among the minority of TripAdvisors who will not be returning to this Sofitel. Our suite on the top floor (29th story) was indeed well-insulated against noise, had a great view, and we appreciated the fact that the windows have both sheer and black-out draperies. The large, full marble bathroom is nicely fitted out with deep tub, separate, walk-in shower, toiletries that are not heavily perfumed -- and an orchid in a vase and a candle. Large, flat screen TV's in both the living room &amp; bedroom with a Bose clock radio in the BR. And the 2 little bottles of Evian left at evening turn-down were a nice touch, even though a bit of chocolate would be nicer :-)Willing to overlook the couple of smallish stains on the rug and the fact that the shower handle fell off and struck my foot; these things happen. But, the furnishings/layout -- apart from the bed -- were not that comfortable (some might find the bed too soft). Most surprising, the lone closet had a rod just 24&quot; wide and part of that was rendered unusable by the closet's caddies for ironing board and iron, leaving less than 18&quot; -- and thus relegating us to leaving our coats draped elsewhere and being able to hang only a few garments. There were shelves, but several of those were taken up by the folded bathrobes (no peg for those in the bathroom), a blanket but not the synthetic pillows promised by the in-room info booklet for those allergic to down &amp; a wicker basket with the laundry bags tucked inside. The only drawer space were the 2 narrow ones in the bedside tables. Consequently, we had to leave most of our belongings packed in our luggage, which had to sit out as there was no place to stow our couple of standard carry-on pieces. From reading other reviews here that speak glowingly of the closet space, it appears that the rooms/suites are not configured alike; if you are not traveling solo, check out what's given you &amp; ask if another room/suite is available if you too find yourselves facing hanging rod &quot;real estate&quot; costing ~$30/inch. The beds have no top sheet, but rather are covered with simply a luxurious down-filled duvet. Even if you're not squeamish about this -- and I'll assume they change the duvet cover between guests -- it can be uncomfortably warm. So, highly recommend that you ask housekeeping to make up the bed with a sheet &amp; ordinary blanket before you retire.Lastly, utterly indifferent service all-around... not that I expect, or want, to be fawned over, but geez, it would be nice to feel that you're not part of the furniture. In short, an oddly bland &amp; even irritating hotel experience we're not eager to revisit.	
Jan 19 2009 	Awesome experience!	We booked a king lux room for an anniversary getaway weekend.The entire staff at the hotel was wonderful. Once we got to our room on the 29th floor we learned they upgraded us to a suite! It was amazing! The view was spectacular and the room amenities were 5 star. The king bed was the most comfortable we have ever found at a hotel. We needed the housekeeping staff to de-feathered some of the bed linens (due to my asthma) and they could not have been nicer. This was the weekend of my dreams and of all of the wonderful hotels we have stayed in NewYork over the years the Sofitel is by far now my favorite. The convenience factor can't be overlooked as well. I had read reviews about The Red Flame diner down the street. It is very cozy and reasonable unlike the hotel's restaurant, Gaby's. Although the Sofitel is a bit pricey it is soooo worth it!	
Jan 18 2009 	Great hotel with spacious rooms	First trip to New York and had heard that, generally, NY hotel rooms were very small for the price you pay. Was recommended Sofitel by a friend as a more spacious option. We were not dissapointed. Plenty of room to move about and, more importantly, put all that shopping. The bathroom had seperate (good sized) bath and shower. The hotel and room were kept very clean and the staff were friendly and informative. I can't comment on the restaurant as we went out for all our meals. Overall for the price you pay I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Jan 15 2009 	Great Great Hotel	Searching for a Hotel in NY...? Look no further, you have found it...We have just arrived from a 3 day stay in NY. Although it was not our first trip to NY I searched for a hotel at the trip advisor and, believe me this hotel worth is position there.It is more expensive then others you can find, but if you can afford it, you won't regret it.The Sofitel is very well located, just two blocks from Times square; the rooms are large, specially for NY, great bed, great bathroom, well soundproofed, modern furniture.The staff were all very efficient, polite, the check in and check out without any problem.The food at the restaurant was great and come out quickly.In Summary: A case where what you found is even better then what is showed in the pictures.In favour: almost everythingAgainst: A hotel like this should have free access internet in the rooms	
Jan 10 2009 	Sofitel NY is simply the best...	Yes; I am yet another Trip Advisor junkie who endlessly pursues the best hotels around the world, and by best I mean the most value for my hard earned £££’s.To be honest I am still writing this from my Sofitel Suite on the 27th floor with only half the break complete. So unless there is an earthquake or the chef blows up the building I am already past my best expectations of this gem of a place.From the start, the whole experience of the Sofitel NY been fantastic, the warmth of the friendly staff and the ambiance of the whole place is quite fantastic in a chilly town. I booked this as a treat for my wife’s 40th birthday and I could not be happier after all the concerns over “getting it right”. Cake was very much appreciated.I usually start reviewing hotels with the lowest ranking first and although I may sympathise with some of the folks and their comments I cannot believe that they came up with such inept reasons as to why their entire lives, and possibly that of their offspring, had been ruined by a doormen talking to people while the author manhandled his own luggage past him onto the trolley (I actually thought that one was funny), water supply issues and some guy thinking he is a Philadelphia lawyer by “catching the Sofitel out” because they took the time to write a letter of explanation on why he didn’t get water. Someone even wrote about call charges to “Argentina” from his hotel room! The news is basically this people – if you are looking for perfection (the kinds that you obviously have in your own homes) then open your own hotels and don’t forget to charge the earth for phone calls, room service, movies and everything else that discerning travellers KNOW ABOUT. Stay at the Sofitel NY and pay millions to call Argentina, spend another million on the mini bar, remortgage the house and get some room service, get angry at the maintenance man who cannot unblock a toilet in three seconds flat, and never forget that sometimes things just don’t go to plan - especially when you didn’t go direct and use so called “cheap deal” site to book your stay.Seasoned travellers and seasoned Trip Advisor surfers can easily read between the lines of the torch wielding vigilante and I can honestly say that had it not been for their comments I would not have been compelled nor bothered to write this review- backfired or what?PS – never ever class or benchmark a Manhattan hotel with any other 5 star around the globe as you will be disappointed. 5 star ratings died when Dubai hotels started rating “themselves” seven stars…	
Jan 10 2009 	Out of this World!	I originally wrote a review for this hotel, when I came back in October 2008; but it never seemed to appear?! But I felt I had to write something.I arrived with my boyfriend for a 5 night stay and was given room 2221 with a view of the Chrysler Building since we were celebrating my birthday whilst in New York. A complimentary chocolate birthday cake was brought up on the day and it was a lovely touch.Rooms: Can't fault at all. Spacious, bed to die for and crisp, clean white linen. Bose surround system. Lovely turn down service at night. Nice range of French toiletries. Fresh Orchid in the Bathroom too.Service: Nice reception staff, cancelled a reservation on my behalf for me. Helpful and courteous. Polite doormen too. Room service was on time and the food was good. The price is what you would expect in a luxury city hotel.Location: Superb. Within walking distance of Times Square, Grand Central Terminal, 5th Avenue. Being in the location it was, I was never woken up with street noise at all.The lobby has free internet access on computers which is a good service, but can we quite busy at times.Overall, I can't fault this hotel. I still rave about it since I'm back and would definitely book again on my return to New York.	
Jan 8 2009 	Great hotel in the middle of the big Apple.	I stayed here for 5 nights. It is a great 4**** + hotel in the middle of Manhattan. Close to Broadway and 5th avenue. The hotel is clean and rooms are middle sized. The beds are great and the service is fine. Full HD screens in the room which is not common in Europe. Would stay here again. Booked thrue Orbitz but the rates direct at www.sofitel.com were better.	
Jan 6 2009 	Fantastic service at a perfectly located hotel	We arrived on the 30th December to spend 5 nights at the sofitel. After a 7 hour delay we were tired but soon to be greated by really friendly door staff who looked after us immediately. We stayed in a suite on the 27th floor, and although the view was not great from our side of the hotel the room was clean, well decorated, a good size and and had all the facilities you would need. Throughout our stay the concierge were exceptional, we spoke to them before we got to New York to ask about booking a Broadway show and they were just brilliant - they could not have been more helpful. We would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for great service in a perfect location. The hotel is situated just next to Times Square and it is a great location for going either up or downtown. We are very picky on service and after reading some of the reviews were a little concerned, however these concerns were put to rest immediately.	
Jan 6 2009 	Fantastic hotel!	We were thrilled with the Sofitel in New York. It was our third trip we have stayed in the Hilton, The Plaza (before the refurb) and this was the best! We booked it because we were going with another couple and wanted to keep the cost down and we found a good deal but it turned out to be an amazing hotel. The rooms are lovely - good size for NY - bathrooms gorgeous - all marble with separate bath and shower, the beds are the standard sofitel beds which are just amazing - they have a feather mattress topper and feather duvet and it feel like you're sleeping on a cloud!We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel as we like the novelty of diners too much. Location is perfect - just close enough to Time Square and all the shops.I generally don't like chains - i hate the hilton style endless corridors and identikit rooms but this hotel had a small hotel feel. It has only a few rooms on each floor so you don't feel like you're in a huge hotel and both our rooms were a little different.Love it - will definitely be staying here next time we're in NY.	
Jan 5 2009 	Wow - still an oasis of understated luxury	We stayed at this Sofitel between Thanksgiving and 1 December. We'd previously stayed here in 2002 and I am seriously impressed that the quality of both the accommodations and the service at this hotel has not noticably diminished with time. We arrived at around 2.30pm and our room was already available - we were upgraded to a suite on the 29th floor with a great view of the Chrysler Building and Bryant Park 1Check in was super friendly and welcoming - our stay could not have got off to a better start. The suite was just as I remembered- - clean, spacious, comfortable and very VERY quiet. We never heard another guest during our entire stay. Bathroom amenities include a power shower with fantastic water pressure, a soaking tub and other little touches including robes, huge fluffy towels, slippers and Roger &amp; Gallet Oatmeal toiletries(excellent for those with sensitive skin - not too perfumed). Room service was excellent as was the housekeeping - everything was replenished daily and extras always left. We had fresh flowers in our bedroom (orchids) and a single orchid in the bathroom. The turn down service left a box of chocolates and bottles of water every evening. We didn't use the hotel restaurant or bar as we were out and about a lot so I cannot comment on these facilities. There is a mini bar in the room and the prices weren't too outrageous by big city standards - however it would still be nice to have tea and coffee making facilities for first thing in the morning... On the day of our departure I asked for a late check-out which was granted &quot;with pleasure&quot; (I asked for 4.00pm - although we actually left at 3.00pm) There was a slight problem with my bill at check out but this was modified immediately with apologies from the staff. The concierge and the door men offered umbrellas and assistance when it rained and were able to call a cab to the airport without delay - great service and always with asmile. Overall I would categorise this hotel as understated luxury - quiet,efficient and charming. The Staff go out of their way to be both welcoming and helpful. Add to that the brilliant location and I don't think you can get a better deal in this city.	
Jan 5 2009 	Tranquility in the middle of Manhattan at the Sofitel	We arrived at the Sofitel New York on Christmas Eve for our first trip to the city. I was pleasently suprised by the exterior, as websites show a new, tall. glass building, however the entrance is the original Edwardian facade, as are the lobby and reception area, all of which were beautifully decorated for Christmas. It is only after you exit from the lift that you realize you are in a new 'tower' building. Staff are very polite and accommodating but also very unobtrusive, which is just the way we like it. The concierge was very knowledgeable and helpful.The hotel has one bar and one restaurant, which we used on Christmas morning for breakfast, but having paid $51 for one continental breakfast and one bowl of oatmeal with fruit, plus coffee and juice we didnt go back! The Red Flame about 5 doors down is fantastic for a hearty New York breakfast, though you do somtimes have to wait for a seat, it is very popular.Our room was on the 29th (top floor) we had paid for an upgrade to a 'City view' room and said 'City view' was amazing, with an unbelivable view of the Chrysler building. The room was quite spacious, had a big HD flat screen TV ,internet access and Queen bed. The marble bathroom was very large with a fantastic shower cubicle bigger than most hotel bathrooms! Complimentary toiletries by Roger and Gallet where replaced every day, the hotel also operates a turn down service in which the staff turn on the 'Bose' sound system which is playing classical music on your return each evening! One small niggle (so small we didn't mention it to the hotel) is that there was quite a bit of noise from the lift shaft in our room (2920) it was something that became less important the more we walked the length and breadth of Manhattan, and became too tired to care! Apart from this the hotel is very well sound proofed from the noise outside and seemed very tranquil.The Sofitel is in a fantastic location only a stones throw from 5th Avenue, 5 minutes walk to Grand Central, 5 minutes to Bryant park, and 5-10 to the Rockafeller centre, less than 5 minues to the nearest subway. We will definitely use it again on our return, and can highly recommend it to others.	
Jan 4 2009	Fabulous comfy beds!	Stayed at Sofitel over Thanksgiving 2008 with my sister for four nights. The reception area is very welcoming and the staff courteous and polite. We had a room on the 21st floor and had no problem with street noise at all. Views were good. The hotel is superbly situated very close walking distance to 5th Ave, Times Square with good restaurants, Grand Central Station (good breakfast venue opposite) and the Rockefellar centre. The bathroom was spacious and it was useful to have the separate bath and shower cubicle. Room service prices are quite high, so we used a local deli for snacks. Being truly British girls we couldn't do without our tea in the morning and I took a kettle and t bags with us, as the hotel don't provide these as complimentary. They provide bottled water each night at 'turndown'.The bar is great and we drank there on a couple of occassions arriving back worn out and desperate for a Bud. Best of all was the bed..the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in..like snuggling into a cozy nest, especially when you are so exhausted! Didn't eat in the hotel, as we felt it rather pricey. Found good breakfast locally (not the Red Flame Diner - thought it too tacky! - you can do better elsewhere).Thank you for previous reviews, I booked this hotel on the back of these, and I would recommend the Sofitel to anyone seeking a very central comfortable hotel. It may be more pricey than some others but the extra is worth every penny in terms of location and comfort, and we would stay there again, without hesitation.	
Jan 3 2009 	Fantastic hotel !	My husband and I stayed here for a week over Christmas - we both loved the hotel. On arrival, we were greeted by friendly reception staff who informed us that we had been upgraded as it was my birthday! We had a lovely room on the 27th floor with an amazing view of the Crysler building. The room was perfect - gorgeous bathroom, comfortable bed and linen, flatscreen tv, safe, mini bar etc. It was serviced thoroughly everyday and we also had a turn down service in the evening. We did not eat in the restaurant, although had booked to on Christmas Day. However, we changed our minds when we saw the menu was not the one we were shown the day before. Gaby's is great for evening cocktails and yes, it is probably expensive, but we were on a holiday (and birthday treat) of a lifetime so didn't worry! I would definitely stay at this hotel again if I visited NYC. The only thing that bugged us a bit was that you could hear the lifts continually going up and down all the time from our room but this was a minor concern.	
Jan 1 2009	Metti Made the Experience Unique	We recently stayed at the Sofitel for the fourth time for a five night break. All of the staff were excellent, in particular Metti. Metti made us feel at home from start to finish. As usual, the Sofitel is ideally located in the heart of everything to do in New York. We thoroughlly enjoyed our stay.Mary and Eddie	
Dec 30 2008 	Good Hotel in NYC	The Sofitel was a nice, clean hotel in NYC, but very pricey. Rooms are modern and clean with large bathrooms and nice TV's. We got a room on the 21st floor with a good view of the city. The bed and linens were very comfy. The lobby's not much to look at and seems worn. The best thing about the hotel is the location, 2 blocks from almost everything. Staff was friendly, although the concierge could have been a bit more helpful. Overall a good experience with no real complaints. The Red Flame restaurant right down the street is a good place for breakfast at a reasonable price. Would stay again if ever in NYC again.	
Dec 24 2008 	Average at Best	Just finished our weekend getaway at the Sofitel and it was average. Obiviously the room was small. We booked a luxury king room on the 16th floor. At night you can here the water running down from the upper floors everytime someone used the bathroom. The shower had a temperature lock on it so that you can't turn the water any hotter. There is only one sink with horrible water control. The view was terrible. The pillows were awful. The bed is comfortable. No one so far has mentioned that parking is $50.00 per night with a $45 fee for retrieving your car (in addition). The location is very good and close to most destinations. We did not eat at the hotel but we did eat at Mesa Grill (also average) and Koi (very good). We also saw Wicked (highly recommended).	
Dec 24 2008 	5th Stay at the Sofitel	As a little background this will be my fifth consecutive stay at the Sofitel in New York City. For the past five years my wife and I have stayed at the hotel because of the location, charm, and service and quality of rooms. The first two years (reviews posted) the service was impeccable and without question the staff would ensure every request was met. Last year (2007) there was a noticeable decline in the hotel (rugs worn, walls slightly damaged) but I guess that is expected. The limo forgot to pick us up at the airport and I had to call 4-5 times to finally have a car pick us up. In all fairness this was not the hotels fault but the car company they were using at the time. Well, sadly this year will most likely be our last at the Sofitel. The service has further digressed and the rooms are starting to show their age. We had a problem with the air conditioner vent (rattling) that could not be resolved, someone was smoking cigars on the floor, and we were told the odor would go away in time. But here is the thing that will make me look at another hotel next year. On our second day of a four day stay we came back to the room after a day in the city to find the room had been somewhat cleaned, but the pillows had no pillow cases, no duvet and half the towels were missing. When I notified the front desk they thought I was joking. Sure enough after they checked they could not explain the oversights but said, they would try and get someone up to the room as soon as possible. Well, 30 minutes later housekeeping showed up and said, sorry I forgot. Are you kidding me? You forgot. Not to belabor this point, there has been a change at the Sofitel and I am not sure it is for the good. Is it still a good hotel, yes? Just not great anymore for the money you spend.	
Dec 22 2008 	Best place I've stayed in NYC	I travel to NYC on business a few times a year. I've stayed at Hilton on Sixth, Sheraton, Plaza, Grand Hyatt, Waldorf, and Kitano. Sofitel, dollar for dollar, beats them all by a mile. Terrific location. Quiet and elegant lobby, if not a grand one in the classic tradition. Good-sized rooms, nicely appointed with quality furniture and touches, and generously-sized bathroom with great sink space and blasting shower. Flat screen TV, Bose radio, plenty of desk space, and very comfortable mattress and bedding. Service was very fine, from the doormen to the desk and restaurants. Pricey, pricey food, but what can you expect. Breakfast pastries alone almost worth the arm and leg for some eggs and juice. Small bar but friendly and skilled bartender, with little plate of munchies &quot;free&quot; with the drink (some sort of fancy cracker and olives). Gym has several machines, several aerobic machines, weights, balls, mats, towels, water -- not a ton of extra space, but not claustrophobic (unlike, say, the rooms in the LA Biltmore workout center). Paid around $375 /night for a business trip -- not for the faint of heart, but a fair price for what you get. My hotel of choice, by far, in NYC (or at least Midtown).	
Dec 18 2008	Great hotel great location!	We had originally booked for the Waldorf Astoria but having seen recent reviews changed to the Sofitel. We weren't disappointed. We arrived around midnight in a very cold New York but the welcome was very warm. We were shown to our room which was spacious, had a great bathroom with views onto the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings. We ate breakfast in the Red Flame Grill a few yards from the hotel as recommended by other reviewers and couldn't fault it. The hotel has a great location - just off 5th Avenue and great shopping and within a few minutes walk of Times Square and Grand Central Station. The staff were very friendly and helpful and we were given a 3pm checkout on our last day - just 15 minutes before we were due to be picked up for the airport. The bed was really comfortable and despite it's central location we had virtually no noise - just the very occasional emergency vehicle siren that you get in any big city. We didn't use the hotel restaraunt as there are so many great places to eat nearby we explored New York's cuisine. We would certainly recommend the Sofitel and would stay there again.	
Dec 16 2008 	Lovely hotel with european style but lacking a certain something.	Stayed here recently in one of the larger queen bed rooms. The location of the hotel was great, I had a view of the Chrysler Building out my window, and I was shocked at how quiet and restful it was inside my room. The room service food was delicious, but be warned: each time estimate they gave me (i.e. &quot;your breakfast will be there in 30 minutes, ma'am&quot;) was off by at least double. One time it took 1.5 hours to get a sandwich up, but at least they comped me. My two main complaints are: the towels and robes feel as scratchy as sandpaper and the lobby is blah. So, the towels. For a room that retails for over $2k a night (we got a better deal, but still), the towels were unbelievably scratchy, and shouldn't be. Worth noting, the bed was super comfortable and soft sheets, though the down comforter on top was very hot, and it was frustrating that there was no blanket on the bed as a lighter option. Second, the lobby. For a upscale NYC hotel, I would have hoped for more ambiance and action in the lobby, something more Ian Schraeger-esque. As another reviewer said, it's more like a very stylish pass-through. A missed opportunity on their part, I think. Overall, liked this hotel very much, perfect for an upscale business travel visit (as long as you're careful when you plan your room service calls before meetings) or fun trip to the city...	
Dec 15 2008 	Great for a first timer to NYC	I was really surprised to find a package deal on Expedia that included a hotel ranked (by Tripadvisor) as third in New York.The good:(1) The location is absolutely superb. You capture the essence of NYC as you are jammed between 5th Ave and Broadway - Times Square is two blocks away.(2) The gym is great, with plenty of machines, free weights and towels. Another good feature of the gym is that it is open 24/7 via the swipe access card used for your room.(3) The bed is awesome, and there is lots of warmth in the room with controllable heating / air conditioning. I did appreciate a window that opened as well, as sometimes the cleaning staff sprayed an awful 'air freshener' that made the room smell stale and off.(4) The front door men are very genuine and helpful - and extremely knowledgeable. Make sure you ask them for help or direction if you are unsure - and then remember that they deserve a tip at the end of your journey.(5) Power shower and big bath - always bonuses when you spend the day walking the streets.The little things:(1) The rooms are decent size and well appointed. The decor is great - although I still can’t work out why we had a picture of the Eiffel Tower in our room!(2) Bath robes and extra towels are a nice touch. The so so:(1) There is not much of a view from where we were, but that was ok - you are in New York. If you want views go outside!(2) The desk service and concierge are ok. Nothing special - nothing bad - just run of the mill...I would stay here again, but only for the gym and the location. Other than that, I would look for somewhere cheaper.	
Dec 13 2008 	Decent location and bed the rest...	To start with the positive: terrific location with 5th Ave and Broadway on your doorstep. The bed was, as expected in any Sofitel, comfortable.And now the less good. The suite was not ready on arrival at 3pm. when it was finally available, the heating had been left switched off - took ages to warm the place up. There was no heating equipment whatsoever in the bathroom: let me repeat that - no heating, in December, in New York in a $900+ a night room! The aircon was noisy and on the 27th floor, the whirring of the hotel's roof fans was way too audible.Rooms looked tired. So-so view. Housekeeping adequate but only just. Front desk staff (Eric, I'm talking about you) seemed a trifle clueless.Public areas nice enough with an attractive bar area. Service in both the bar and hotel varied from indifferent to poor.Not a patch on the London Sofitel, with only its location to recommend it.	
Dec 10 2008 	great location; not bowled over by hotel	The vast majority of reviews of this hotel are positive and there is certainly no denying the location is perfect, within easy walking distance of all the main tourist and shopping attractions.The rooms are comfortable and well equipped but not perfect. The curtains in our room (918) were stained, the flat panel TV had just been plonked on the table blocking half the mirror (not a big deal but shows a lack of thought) and the hair drier provided was a joke for a good quality hotel charging these prices. Housekeeking provided something better immediately on request but surely that should have been standard. Small points but ones that make the difference between a great hotel and a good one.Most disappointing was the lack of any heart or soul in the communal areas. The reception, lobby, concierge desk and bar all are located in discrete sections of the ground which make you feel as if you are just passing through a series of rooms rather than being in a building with any warmth or atmosphere. Silly point to make but having stayed earlier this year in the Sofitel Water Tower in Chicago which was great, I had high expectations for New York and it fell short.Suffice to say, given the huge choice of hotels in NYC and many in equally good locations, I will try elsewhere for my next trip rather than return to the Sofitel.The service in the bar was also shockingly slow - but maybe we are just quick drinkers!	
Dec 8 2008 	Better than best review	Arrived via taxi from La Guardia - driving into 44th from 6th saw scaffolding on left which obliterated sign for Sofitel - panic - but when we arrived at door our expectations were surpassed. Such friendly and efficient staff from front door to reception to housekeeping - faultless. The convenience for all attactions was amazing and we have no hesitation in recommending hotel to our friends and family. Stayed 15-20 October and weather was beautiful. We will return!! Got breakfast in diner with scaffolding (Red Flame) (on going works on upper floors) great breakfast and cheap! Endless coffee!	
Dec 3 2008 	the best hotel in nyc	I've been to new york at least twice a year now for ages and this was the best hotel i've ever stayed in.we were in room 2028with a view of the rock. staff were superb and we dined therequite a lot and were recognised and welcomed every night.the rooms were spotless, the location was perfect for shopping and dining. I would not even think about another hotel in nyc	
Dec 2 2008 	Ideal base in New York	Just back from a 4 night stay at the Sofitel and enjoyed it. We stayed in room 2021, the bed was so comfortable and the bathroom had a large shower. The only down side was that we booked a smoking room and had that confirmed in an email but when we arrived no smoking rooms were available so they said that although our room was officially non smoking they would send us up an ashtray, and despite that and also asking the chambermaid twice, no ashtray ever arrived over the 4 days that we stayed but it did not detract from our stay.As others have said the hotel is in a great location being only 2 blocks from Broadway. As we were only on the 20th floor we overlooked the roofs and back walls of other hotels but did have a great view of the Chrysler Building which looks brilliant at night when it is lit up.Others have mentioned the Red Flame diner as being good, the food is very good and it is only about 100 yards from the hotel, turn right when leaving the hotel.Another good place for breakfast is Ellens Starlight Diner on Broadway, about 51st Street and Broadway I think.For dinner and drinks try the St Andrews bar, again turn right when leaving the hotel and it is 1 block down and on the left, the food is very good and they have English beers on tap and a mind boggling array of whiskey.Overall we enjoyed the stay and Vladimir on the concierge desk was very helpful, pleasant and knowledgeable. All other staff were pleasant and when we left the doorman got us a great deal on the trip to Newark airport by getting us a Lincoln town car, a nice little touch of luxury, and it cost $15 dollars less than the yellow taxi that we got from Newark to the hotel when we arrived.	
Dec 2 2008 	Superb Hotel and Rooms	If only all hotels were like this one! Now we know why it enjoys such a good rating on Trip Advisor!Hotel Website seems to be the cheapest place to book?This hotel is a truly lovely one to stay in. The rooms are maintained to a very high standard. There is a large flat screen television, the bedding and pillows are perfect and there is even a Bose radio with easy to operate alarm clock in the room. Room 1403 which was allocated to us had a separate shower to the bath, always a nice feature rather than having a shower curtain over the bath. Reception and entrance to the hotel is of a high standard and there were no faults or difficulties, in fact, if all hotels worked like this one there would never be any need for any complaints. Overall a great experience and somewhere to return to in New York merely yards from Fifth Avenue so great for shopping as well as seeing the sights of New York.	
Nov 27 2008 	Very Good	Good location and very clean hotel. Staff very friendly and very close to Time Square	
Nov 27 2008 	Great hotel great location great service	We booked this hotel based on the reviews on this site. We were not disappointed! We were upgraded to a King room on the 22nd floor with an amazing view of the Chrysler building. The rate we had included breakfast which was lovely, but I wouldn't have paid for it separately as I would say it was quite pricey for what you got.The concierge was so helpful (they confirmed restaurant and airport transfer reservations for us) and the doormen really friendly.The room was lovely and spacious and the bed, I promise, is the best bed I have EVER slept in. I need to invest in one of those fluffy duvet style mattress covers...	
Nov 26 2008 	Nothing to fault	Sofitel offers a well located respite from the city. We recently stayed for three nights and can't fault any aspect of the hotel's service throughout our stay. Location just off Fifth Ave and two minutes to Times Square offers close proximity on an upmarket quiet cross street with neighbouring bars, restaurants better than most in the neighbourhood. Good size rooms and bathrooms; faultless service. No complaints.	
Nov 20 2008 	Good Quality Hotel Central Location	We stayed for four nights and found the hotel to be exactly as most other reviewers had described. The location is very good, midway between 5th and 6th Avenues, and only 5 minutes walk from Times Square and Grand Central Station.The rooms were excellent, and spotlessly cleaned daily. The staff at the hotel were very helpful on checking in and checking out, but to be honest, other than the doorman when we departed, had very little contact with us during our stay.I had read before travelling that many people recommended the local diner for breakfast. (The Red Flame) - excellent place with plenty served up.The internet area was a little small, and quite often too busy too try to check emails etc. This could be improved by the hotel. Otehrwise, would recommend to anyone visiting New York.	
Nov 14 2008 	Great Location	My wife and I stopped at the Sofitel for three nights in October 2008. It was the final leg of a world trip celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary. It was great ! A warm &amp; friendly welcome with a great comfortable room. WE had everything we expected. Yes, the room was a little on the small side but it gave us what we wanted. This was our first visit to New York, without doubt the location was great, 3 minutes from Times Square. WE WOULD BOOK AGAIN &amp; RECOMMEND TO OUR FRIENDS. One tip, if you go for the bus tour where you just jump on and off, go for the blue bus city tour and not the red bus tour. There are loads more blue buses than red ones.	
Nov 12 2008 	Perfect stay	Just got back from a 3 night stay in NY and the hotel was just perfect from the moment we arrived to departure. As soon as we climbed off the shuttle, staff were on hand to welcome us take cases to our room.We quickly checked in and had been given an upgraded room on the 19th floor with lots of space and the most comfortable king size bed ever. Beautiful bathroom and excellent facilities throughout.All staff very helpful throughout and room service brought my wife a complimentary cheesecake up to the room on our arrival as we were there after her birthday. Not much I know but it was unexpected, a great surprise and showed just how much they cared about there guest.All fantastic.I saw other reviewers mention the RedFlame diner a few doors away. Went everyday for breakfast and loved that too. Very well worth a visit or 3	
Nov 12 2008 	You don't need to worry - very nice hotel	Just back from a 3 night stay over the weekend at the Sofitel. As usual, I booked this on the strength of it's reviews and I expect I'll be staying again in the future.The location is good for everything I wanted to do/see as it's fairly central. A 5 min walk to the west and you're at Times Square (and just beyond that, Madison Square Garden - Well Done Joe Calzaghe - what a great night!). 2 Mins to the east and you're on Fifth Ave. The other plus point of the location is that it fronts onto 44th and 45th Streets, both of which aren't too busy at night and, hence, don't suffer from too much traffic noise (I didn't notice any whatsoever from the 12th floor).Everywhere within the hotel is absolutely spotless.The Bar is nice, although it closes to residents at 1:00am (but there are nearby bars open 'til 4:00am).We only used the restaurant once for dinner as we packed quite a lot into our trip but, again, the food was good.Others may disagree but I actually didn't find the staff overly friendly - they were very good and efficient and helped with any queries but they just didn't seem to smile very much. This isn't a big issue though and you'd be hard pushed to find anything of any substance to gripe about.	
Nov 7 2008 	highly recommended	I booked a trip to NYC as a surprise for my boyfriends 30th at the end of oct for 4 nights. when it came to hotels sofitel stood out when reading the reviews on tripadvisor. I was a little apprehensive that it wouldn't live up to the hype but thankfully I have to say that it did. location was ideal. arriving at the hotel to see the bright lights of times sq along the street was great. best parts for me were:(1)the friendly approachable staff- especially the fantastic concierge service who sorted out trips/tickets for us and suggested the perfect place for a meal and night out on the town!!(2)the bed was truely comfortable, after a long day of sight-seeing. we had a queen size room and it was more than spacious enough. (3)the cocktails at the bar were fantastic and the bar girl was more than happy to make us cocktails that weren't on the menu - possibly the best long island ice tea we've tasted!!overall, I would definately recommend sofitel, its higher priced but very worth it.	
Nov 2 2008 	Excellent Hotel	I Stayed in theis hotel for three nights while on a shopping break in the big apple.The location of the hotel is excellent, mid town just off 5th Ave.we booked in early in early and received an upgrade, the room we got was beautiful and spacious , the bathroom was also spacious.We found the staff to be very helpful. There is quite a niec bar int the hotel, relaxing after a days shopping. We only ate one evening in the hotel and the meal was lovely. Breakfast is expensive when compared to deli's in the surrounding area as are drinks when compared to home- wine $13 .Overall we were delighted with the hotel, I picked it on tripadvisor's recommendations and was not disappointed and I think it added to our trip!! and would stay there again	
Nov 1 2008 	Beautiful Hotel	This is a great place to stay in NYC. The hotel is located on 44/45th streets between 5th and 6th aves. It's close to Times Square, Bryant Park (Ice rink here at the moment), Subway, and plenty of restraurants (and obviously, 5th Ave!). We stayed in a Queen room, which would be the most &quot;basic&quot; thay have, but it was lovely. The bed was really comfortable with loads of fluffy pillows! Slippers and dressing robes provided and a huge TV. We were also given bottles of Evian each evening.This room was a lovely place to return to after a long day's trotting around the city.The bar and restraurant downstairs is nice, but food was overpriced. They're aimimg high with their menu, a sort of &quot;fine dining&quot; experience, but they're not quite hitting the mark, so I'd go elsewhere. If that's the sort of food you're after, try &quot;DB Bistro Moderne&quot; which is two doors down the street (on 44th heading towards 6th ave); the fois gras stuffed burger is pretty original!There's also an organic deli a few doors away on 45th street. If you're a foodie, tread carefully in NYC. Don't just pop in to what looks nice, get a good guide book and take your time!	
Oct 30 2008 	Sofitel is grand.....	As all the other reviewers have said this hotel lovely, from lobby to bathroom its beautiful. Our room was on the 16th floor, no great view. My main complaint is, when I checked in I was informed that the privilage card was been replaced by some other card and that all points would have to be used up by Feburary 2009.... fair enough. Oh, and by the way the free drink at check in in no longer available, darn..... Ok..... and ah, the late checkout is no longer available either, oh come on..... they could have emailed me and informed me about the changes....	
Oct 29 2008 	Loved the Sofitel	Just returned from a four night break in NYC staying in the Sofitel. I agree with previous reviewers, the location is excellent for all the major landmarks. The Hotel is really lovely. We got upgraded to a suite on the top floor (29)! The food in the hotel was really good. We mostly ate off the bar menu and it was not expensive at all for what we got. It was a pleasant surprise. We did have breakfast in the Red Flame down the street as recommended by other reviewers but we found that it was really too much food, however it was a typical american diner and loved the experience. Would definitely stay at the Sofitel Hotel again and would recommend it to everyone.	
Oct 24 2008 	Perfect location for a citytrip	We stayed there for five nights in a Standart Room. The location of the hotel is just fantastic! It is just a 5 Minute walkt to Times Square and 5th Avenue. The room was very clean and hat all the comfort we needed. Despite the central location it was not noisy at all during the night. I was very surprised and I can recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 23 2008 	Loved the Sofitel!	We stayed in the Sofitel New York for 5 nights and I honestly cannot fault the hotel. The location is spot on - couple of blocks away from Times Square/Broadway/ 5th Avenue..... The room size for New York is really good, comfy large bed and a massive flat screen TV. The room was spotlessly clean and had a good powerful shower and we never heard any outside noise.We had a couple of drinks in the hotel bar which was good and as the drinks in New York are expensive everywhere; the drinks were competively priced and you got the bonus of sum complimentary cheesy snacks and olives!I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Oct 15 2008 	Great Hotel!	My husband and I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Sofitel. The hotel is clean and comfortable and our king-size room was a pleasant surprise after all the comments about small hotel rooms in NYC. The hotel is ideally located for exploring the tourist sites. The concierge is helpful and will book restaurants, transport etc 'with pleasure' We also found the doorman absolutely great at finding taxis! With two other hotels nearby, that was not always an easy task and he did it so cheerfully &amp; willingly - even going further down the street to locate any taxis that were free. We checked in very late and were greeted courteously by the friendly staff on duty. Our allocated room was on a very high floor - I had requested a view - but when I confirmed that it was just too high for me, there was no problem about moving to a different (bigger!) room on a lower floor.We had good room service and it was lovely returning after a tiring day, to a turned-down, very comfy bed, with great linen! Receiving a small box of chocolates on the pillow was an extra, pleasant surprise (although we did wonder why that happened on only one night!). We enjoyed breakfast at the hotel (we found the nearby cafes were not up to the standard we expected in the USA) - and cocktails and coffee with 'nibbles' in the lounge, provided a pleasant respite before dinner. Our only grouse would be about the brunch &amp; dinner menus, which were rather uninspired. Two waiters we'd like to commend, for being helpful and attentive - while also not intruding were .... Edmund and the tallest waiter in the restaurant, -whose name unfortunately we didn't get, as he wasn't wearing a nametag.We would return to Sofitel NYC, because of the good attitude of staff towards clients and its fantastic location.	
Oct 11 2008 	Fantastic hotel	Stayed at Sofitel in April. Was our 10th wedding annivesary. Contacted hotel to confirm booking and advised of our celebration. Didn't want anything to disappoint my better half.When we arrived at 1.00pm (flew Delta - disappointing but another story) we advised we were early to check in but could we leave bags at hotel to have a look around. Took us straight to reception and we were able to check in. Stayed on floor 26. When we got to room we had been upgraded to a suite - absolutely fantastic. I have nothing but praise for America and how they treat people. Perhaps i've been lucky but love it there.Bed was the best I have ever slept in, cleanliness and nice touches made this a dream annivesary. Staff were charming and the quality of the hotel second to none. Shops: close to everywhere - 5th avenue, times square, central park. We did a 2 day bus tour and went to Brooklyn and aside from the bus walked everywhere. Felt safe at all times. As previous comments from other reviewers went to breakfast diner 30 seconds from hotel. Good start to day. New York has it all but if you want a bit of luxury and to be close to all areas this hotel has it all. My better half wants to go back!	
Oct 10 2008 	Holiday of a lifetime	My partner and I stayed in the Sofitel New York for 10 fabulous days. We were given a room upgrade on checking in and had a lovely big king size room with a great view of the Rockefeller Centre. Room very tastefully furnished with the biggest, most comfortable bed ever. Big flat screen TV for the odd time when you want to chill out. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the hotel is absolutely beautiful. The evening turn down service was a lovely extra touch and unexpected for a New York hotel. The reviews indicated the hotel was close to everything but it was even closer than expected. 5 minutes walk to Times Square or Grand Central Station. 15 minutes walk to Central Park. 2 minutes walk to 5th Avenue (a great place to buy engagement rings!!!!). Would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there on my next visit to New York	
Oct 8 2008 	Very Nice	I generally book most of my hotels through Priceline or a travel website, however I specifically wanted to stay at this property for a birthday surprise for a girl.I read many of the reviews here and contact the hotel directly after booking and made a few small personalized requests. All of them were handled with no trouble.Upon arriving at the hotel, the room I had booked was not available and I was a bit upset over the wait (I could not be given an accurate time). Once in the room, it was very plush. Those who know what a &quot;sizable&quot; room in Manhattan is would appreciate this.We did order room service for one meal because we did not want to go out. However, it was extremely poor. The manager did take care of this on my bill upon check out. Very quick and painless.Overall, an impressive stay. Obviously, like anywhere in Manhattan, a little pricey, but quite nice.	
Oct 7 2008 	Fantastique Sofitel	Spent 5 nights in this fantastic hotel. Loved the lobby with its gorgeous flowers. Situated perfectly for Times Square, Broadway et al. Hotel staff were fantastic - gave us an upgrade without having to ask. Rooms were excellent - particularly the shower. would totally recommend this hotel for all occasions.	
Oct 6 2008 	Loved the Sofitel	This is a first rate, first class hotel just a short walk from Times Square. The rooms are fabulously well appointed and spotlessly clean. The staff are very friendly and so helpful. We were lucky enough to be given a suite of rooms - it was the best hotel we have ever stayed in. The suite was enormous with a huge bed. We had a seperate lounge and 2 huge flat screen TV's. There was a marble bathroom with a big bath and seperate shower. We had room service for breakfast which was first class! Wheeled into the room on it's own table - it felt very luxurious!	
Oct 2 2008 	Superb and convenient	Spent a long weekend as part of our Anniversary trip here. Very clean, comfortable and convenient for everything. The staff were so helpful and friendly. The Consierge was the best we have ever experienced. The rooms were large and so lovely we were reluctant to leave. The breakfast was the best we have ever had.	
Sep 29 2008 	Sofitel New York -a wonderful experience	The Sofitel New York is one of the best International Hotel experiences I have had. We stayed there for a total of 7 nights. The rooms are wonderful, and the staff are very helpful. The breakfast is great and overall the Hotel is an Oasis in the heart of a very busy city. It was a pleasure to return to the peace and quiet of the Hotel after a busy day of sight seeing and shopping.The central location made it very easy to access all parts of New York city by foot or by taxi. We loved this Hotel.	
Sep 28 2008 	Beautiful!	Incredible hotel and service. Should be rated #1.Booked on hotel's website and got a &quot;3 nights getaway&quot; for $426/night. So, if you book early enough, you can get a decent rate (for NYC). We wanted to extend our stay but the rate would have been $770, so we declined. Went to Casablanca for $419/night (see review) - not good.The quality of the room exceeded out expectations. Everything was new and perfect. 42 inch Plasma TV, bathroom, closet, bed, furniture, central A/C...were just amazing.Also, perfectly quiet. This must to hard to do in NYC.We ate at the Red Flame diner down the street for breakfast. It's a pretty good deal. We did not try the hotel restaurant.Internet service is an additional cost through T-Mobile.Great time!	
Sep 26 2008 	Honeymoon in NYC	We started off on our honeymoon by visiting NYC, after many hours spent reviewing hotels in NYC om Trip Advisor, i finally decided to go for Sofitel. When we first arrived at hotel i was delighted i had chosen this place, The hotel is lovely from the outside, the lobby inside is beautiful as well and check in was very smooth, we received a free upgrade to the executive suite on the 26th floor since it was our honeymoon!! what a start to the trip, the views were lovely, the room was huge with a seperate living area, there were 2 large LCD tvs in room as well whic was nice, 2 Mini bars which werent overly expensive, after all you are in NYC, $7 for a beer.The hotel bar was nice and quiet as well, i also used th gym which i found was excellent filled with top of the range equipment, the free internet access in the lobby as well was a nice touch.The staff were superb, they took our luggage off us on arrival and brough it up to our room, Concierge was there as well although we didnt use them.We ate out in some wonderful restaurants over there so we didnt sample the hotel food, overall i only have positive things to say about this hotel. the Location of it is perfect, and its beautifully kept and well maintained, oh yah and the sofibeds in the suites were the most comfortable beds we have ever slept on.Book the Sofitel, you will love it just like we did	
Sep 22 2008 	Great hotel	Huge rooms, very clean, lovely bathrooms, comfy beds, nicely decorated. Great location for everything. Only slight issue is the slow check-in as they tend to employ French staff.	
Sep 21 2008 	Loved the Sofitel	We booked the Sofitel Hotel via the internet. It has a really good location, a few minutes walk from Fifth Avenue, and about ten minutes from Times Square but although central to New York, it is tucked away in a quiet street with several other hotels. We always felt comfortable returning late at night to the hotel. We booked two deluxe queen sized rooms and they were identical to the photos on their website. The rooms were on the 11th floor, spacious and very clean. The bed was really comfortable with a mattress topper, a pleasure to get into at the end of a hard day sightseeing and the hotel is so quiet, you can't hear traffic noise or other guests! The bathrooms were lovely, beautiful large stand-in showers with separate baths. The Sofitel provides Roger Gallet shower gels and body lotions, I preferred the hotel's to my own shower gel and ended up using their products. The hotel hairdryer also actually worked better than my own so I won't take mine next time. We had booked room-only, so we didn't have breakfast at the hotel but they do have a nice restaurant at the hotel. We chose to go to a diner just down the road from the hotel called the Red Flame (turn right on leaving the hotel). They do excellent breakfasts for less than $10 pp. and include omlettes, pancakes with maple syrup, cooked breakfasts or just fresh fruit salad and croissants even porridge. We did try another place one morning, but it just couldn't compare.We flew from the UK to Newark and we pre-booked transportation to the hotel for £38 through Expedia (there were four of us). We ended up waiting an hour at the airport for the transportation minibus. A cost saving way to get to the hotel is the Airport Express coach. From Newark it drops off at 5th Avenue, 42nd street which is about five minutes walk to the hotel, it costs $25 return or $15 single and I would probably use this next time. We chose to get a taxi from the hotel to the airport on our return and we agreed a price of $120 (but I am not sure if that is a good price or not, again there were four of us). The hotel provides computers in the hotel lobby which gave free internet access, really helpful if you want to check in for your return flight or just get information on an attraction. The staff at the hotel couldn't be more helpful or friendly and always happy to offer advice or provide maps and information. We would definitely stay here again, we loved it.	
Sep 17 2008 	Faultless	Perfect in every wayLocation, value, comfort, service, foodDon't hesitate, book now	
Sep 17 2008 	Fantastic !	After reading lots of reviews at TripAdvisor, for different hotels in NY, I finally desided on the Sofitel New York.We stayed 5 nights at this hotel, and I don't think we could have found anything better ! Yes, quite expensive, but not more than other 4 star hotels in central NY (even some 3 star hotels that was this expensive...)The hotel is very close to everything, and we only walked for probably for 4-5 minutes to get to Times Square.We had a queen size bed, and the room was pretty good size. The bed was very comfy, but pillows too soft... One of the reasons I picked this hotel was the bathroom ! And it was a bit smaller than it looked in the pictures, but supernice and clean !! Both shower and bathtub (separate). Lots of space to place soaps and shampoos in the shower and also lots of space for toiletries by the sink and mirror. Very handy makeup-mirror as well.The aircondition was working very well, and not very noisy (something I have experienced in other american hotels...)We got a room on the 9th floor, and did not have any trouble with traffic or noise from the street.The staff was supernice and very helpful. The concierge helped us with booking our helicopter sightseeing, distances within the city, umbrellas in the rain and helped us weigh our bags before we left for the airport.We did not try the restaurant at the hotel, but it definately looked nice.If you want a cheaper breakfast (eggs, bacon, hash, pancakes etc) just go out of the hotel to the right (west on 44th, towards Broadway) and there is a restaurant called the Red Flame (i think..), like the diners you see in the movies :):), ...Red sign over the door, fast service, not very smiling staff but good food !I will definately stay at the Sofitel again when I go back to New York. Fantastic hotel situated in the heart of Manhattan.	
Sep 15 2008 	Great hotel great location....	We booked the Sofitel for our trip to New York based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. I have to say it absolutely exceeded expectations!Our trip to New York was a wedding present to my husband the main purpose of which was to see the US Open Men's Tennis Final.On arrival we were told we had been upgraded to a Suite on the 18th floor. I have to say the room was stunning with a separate living and dressing area. The marble bathroom was huge and the bed was very very comfortable. The room was spotless and was cleaned daily. Our bed was turned down every night and some chocolates and 2 bottles of water were left each night also.Our room had a view of the Chrysler Building so the view to wake up to was spectacular!Due to the rain that hit New York on Saturday 6th Sept the tennis final was re-arranged to Monday which was the day we were due to return home. Brook at the Concierge desk was fantastic and contacted Ticketmaster to sort out our tickets and also re-arranged our flights home (for a minimal cost which was great as they were meant to be non transferable). We were also not only allowed to keep our amazing suite but were offered a late check out on the Tuesday and the extra cost for the extra night was the same rate that we had paid for the original booking.The hotel has a great location and you can walk to pretty much anywhere in midtown.The hotel also has a great bar that we used to get a glass of champagne (for which we were given complimentary tickets on arrival).All in all a great experience at this hotel and I would not hestitate to go back! The hotel is a bit pricey but certainly well worth it!	
Sep 14 2008 	Surprisingly poor bed	We booked a room with a queen size bed for a long weekend. When we got to our room we realized that all the bedding was down feathers. My husband is allergic to down. We had also been given a double bed. We asked for the bedding to be changed. It was changed, but what it was replaced with was really substandard. The mattress pad was cheap and wrinkled up under us when we slept. At one point when I tried to straighten it out, I realized that the mattress itself was covered in feathers and other debris. The next day we asked for it to be vacuumed but this did not happen. The mattress was at best mediocre; we could feel the springs in the mattress when we slept. This is not what we expected at a Sofitel.The other surprising thing was food debris on the floor. There was a Cherrio, yes the cereal, on the floor, it remained there for our stay.Otherwise the room was quiet, had good curtains, a lovely TV and bathroom. The bathroom had both a nice shower and a big bathtub. There are three computers in the lobby, and they were useful for obtaining our boarding passes for the trip home.We had a great time in New York, but the Sofitel was rather disappointing.	
Sep 5 2008 	Fantastic The Best Ever !!!!!	From the moment we arrived to the day we left (very sad) it was the best hotel we have stayed in whilst in New York. Please believe me when I say that I am so picky on my choice of hotel, last time we stayed in the Four Seasons and the Sofitel outshines them by miles. The staff are just fantastic in every department nothing is too much trouble and you are always met we a smile and bonjour. The rooms are lovley big and clean, the bathroom was great with super high class products and with a power shower to die for. The Gaby bar and restuarant were great, the food superb (we did all three breakfast, lunch and dinner) and the bar very relaxing with a great range of drinks. The location of the hotel is also great for getting around and you are right in the centre of things without it being noisy, the hotel is situated on a very nice quiet street, the lobby is fresh and cool as you walk in and the free internet in the lobby is a great touch (always avaialble within a few minutes).Please take my advise do not miss out on this great hotel it was a fantastic stay and I have already booked to go back next year, THANK YOU SOFITEL NEW YORK	
Sep 3 2008	Overrated	This is a very average hotel. it is all clean and nicely done but lacking atmosphere in the common parts. The staff were good and attentive. The restaurant is very overpriced. The rooms are perfectly adequate. All things are relative and compared to the obscene pricing of the top class hotels in NYC this represents a good deal, but put it in many other locations in the world and you would be very disappointed for the money. I will try other other hotels and try and find one that is not so soul less.	
Sep 2 2008	Excellent midtown hotel	An excellent New York midtown hotel. Certainly up to the high standards that we have come to expect from Sofitel. A perfect location. Walking distance to just about everything, including 2 or 3 different subway stops. The service was extremely good, including the front desk staff, the concierge and staff in the bar/restaurant. Overall, a very intimate larger hotel. The rooms were very nice. The bathroom was quite large and very beautifully decorated. The hotel, including the rooms, is very quiet. There was virtually no street noise to interfere with a good night's sleep. Very efficient air conditioning, even on a very hot day. One minor complaint - the standard rooms should have a king size bed, not a queen size. The rooms could easily handle the slightly larger bed. Overall, an extremely well located, designed and run hotel. Highly recommended.	
Sep 1 2008 	Service Drops a Star from Last Visit	I stayed at Sofitel New York in February, and wrote a review giving the hotel 5 stars for a perfect visit. Six months later, I would say the front desk service I received has cost them a star.Overall, I was happy. The room was clean and wonderfully quiet, the bed was great, and the room service we had one evening was lovely. We reserved the Chic Picnic deal that got us one free night out of 4, and a lovely picnic basket filled with gourmet sandwiches, salads, fresh fruit, and home-baked cookies, and a bottle of Champagne. It was fabulous, as was our &quot;welcome&quot; cocktail and the late checkout. The problem was, we had to ask for these things, when they should have been mentioned at check in. I presented my Sofitel Privilege card, which should be enough to get the conversation started about the welcome cocktails and the late checkout. I booked the Chic Picnic package, which should have meant that the staff would ask us when we'd like it. I ended up feeling like I was groveling for freebies, which should not have been the case.So, overall, things were great, but I felt sort of awkward with regard to the front desk. I'm not sure if my next trip will find me at Sofitel or not, but I must say if you are a light sleeper, this is the place for you. I cannot believe how quiet the room was- no street noise at all!	
Sep 1 2008 	excellent time	Stayed here for a wedding anniversary and booked a deluxe room. On arrival we were upgraded to a suite on the top floor which was very nice. A good start to any trip.The room was very clean and well appointed with an excellent size shower. The bed was very comfortable - even better than the very expensive orthopaedic bed we have at home. One small problem was that we couldn't connect our ipod to the TV and so had to listen to the rubbish supplied music channels.The location was second to none, right in the heart of theatre land and 5mins walk away from Times Sq. When we have stayed in NY before we have avoided this classic tourist location but it was excellent.Room service was very good and very prompt, often a problem in big hotels. The breakfast restaurant was a bit cramped and the menu limited but the food was good. We didn't eat in the main restaurant but spoke to other guests who recommended it.The concierge excelled himself and got us tickets to all of the shows that we wanted to see, good seats too.We would defiantly return again.	
Aug 31 2008 	very good hotel	I was traveling alone in the USA for work and I wanted to take a long weekend of vacation in New York City since I have never visited that city. I wanted an hotel in a strategic position and this one is located in the heart of manhattan, 5 minutes from Times Square.Before booking this hotel I had a look at other different options, but this looked to be the best option for quality and price. I used the offer called chic-picnic since it was the cheapest one and was giving me a room on a high floor and it also included a picnic basket full of food prepared by their restaurant (which gave me an excuse to have a nice picnic in Central Park, 20 minutes walk from the hotel).The hotel is very nice, I was in a room at the 24th floor so I had also a very nice view from the window. The room was big and with a very nice bathroom that had both a shower and a bathroom tub. The only thing that I didn't like very much was that the internet connection is not complimentary and you have to buy it on-line. I found this a bit strange for an hotel of this category and, even if I was of vacation, I needed to have the possibility to check at least my emails. A nice thing was that every night I found a complimentary bottle of water in my room and the stereo switched on with some classical and very relaxing music.The restaurant of the hotel is also very good with a very good service. I always had breakfast there even if it was a bit expensive, but the quality is very high. All the staff of the hotel was always very nice and you don't need to dress in a special way to get their attention as often happens in other luxury hotels. I would strongly recommend this hotel and I would for sure use it again for a vacation in New York CIty.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great hotel	This hotel is quite a gem. The rooms are decent sized. The room and bathroom itself was really clean. The beds were so comfy. We were on the 6th floor and I never heard any noise except for the occasional police siren. The staff was very accomodating and polite. It's close to 5th Ave and Times Square without the hustle and bustle feel. I couldn't have asked for more.	
Aug 28 2008 	OVERATED!	Expected a much better room for the price. This hotel is overated. My room was on the third floor and the windows looked as if they had never been cleaned.	
Aug 27 2008 	Amazing hotel	I have to say I really loved this hotel, from the minute I arrived I felt totally relaxed. The staff at the reception were really nice and i was very impressed with the room. The bathroom especially was really really nice, seperate large bath and shower. On our last day when we were storing our luggage the guy at the front door offered to have a car there for us on when we got back to bring us to the airport. We were well impressed when the car turned out to be a limo at no extra charge. Location is spot on, 5 minute walk from everything you wanna see. Would definite recommend, myself and my boyfriend loved it.	
Aug 26 2008 	Good all round	Great location, service, room, staff.Reasonable price for service provided, particularly in Manhattan.Extremely quiet, despite very central location.Beware minibar - a bottle of Evian at 15$ seems like a ripoff.Decent enough gym and facilities.	
Aug 25 2008 	Excellency!!!	Hello everyone!!! Once again I trust the reviews and choose this hotel for a week in NY, and it was an excellent choice.We have a wonderfull stay, in a very comfortable room. The staff is very good, they treated us as we were the only guests at the hotel (they were many families).We have several breakfasts and dinners at the Gaby (inside th hotel), excellent food and service.Overall the hotel it`s well located, inside the room you can`t feel the city, the satff is excellent . The last day we have the chek out at 3pm but we stayed until 6pm and they didin`t charged us a penny.Very Nice!!! We will definitely come back.Thanks for all the reviews!!!	
Aug 24 2008 	very nice hotel	Me and my husband stayed at the sofitel for 8 nights. The overall experience was very satisfying. Very clean, tasteful and spacious rooms. I especially liked the bathroom, and I also found the beds very comfortable and relaxing. Unfortunately, we could only get a room on the 8th floor-that's the only smoking floor- so we didn't have any view. The hotel is situated in the centre of Manhattan, very close to Times Square, and is a good place to start your walks around the city.	
Aug 24 2008 	Simply THE BEST	Sofitel provides you with the BEST location, the BEST suites, and outstanding hotel staff. You will feel like a vip from the moment you arrive. Hotel is new and classy.	
Aug 19 2008 	Best beds ever	Incredible beds - can't say enough about them - great pillows and soft comforter - this in its own gives this place a five out of five. Location is very good - close to Times Square (not that you'd want to spend time around there) but far enough to get away from that madness. The staff were all very friendly, always greeting us several times as we entered and left the Hotel. Had room service one night - excellent hamburgers. My only complaint would be that the bathtubs were very shallow - not worth having a good soak. Other than that would 100% stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 18 2008 	superb hotel	From the minute we arrived we loved our stay at this hotel, the only thing that upset me was that we were in New York and spent very little time at the excellent hotel. Everything thing we asked for we got, service was excellent, room was great, bed was brilliant Bathroom and particluarly the shower was Fab. Got what i thought was a good deal through Expedia as we booked flights as well. Its was a bit more expensive than some but way cheaper than lots as well,All in all we thought the hotel was excellent	
Aug 18 2008 	Loved the Sofitel NYC	I took my 16 year old daughter to New York for a shopping and Theatre 5 day treat. The Sofitel was brilliant- great staff- fax with GCSE results slid effortlessly under the door at 5.00am, helpful friendly staff, and a fantastic location - quiet so you could sleep yet a short walk to Times Square - talking of sleep, quite simply the most comfortable beds we have ever slept in!!!All In all a perfect stay- Thank-you	
Aug 15 2008 	Great location but still peaceful	We were in transit to Las Vegas and decided to spend a few days in New York as we had not visited the city before.The Sofitel was ideally situated on West 44th Street, near Times Square and 5th Avenue. Rooms were well appointed with comfortable bed, flat screen Tv etcThe hotel was also very quiet considering its location. Our room was on the 17th floor and just looked out over the street - nothing special but OKConcierges were VERY helpful for choosing reastaurants and later sorting out problems - see Liberty Helicopters.Gaby Bar was very pleasant retreat from bustle of the city We would certainly stay at the Sofitel again but next time will ask for a room with a view	
Aug 11 2008 	Most AWESOME Hotel in NYC!!!	The staff was INCREDIBLE! The location was MARVELOUS! The rooms were GREAT! Will return to this hotel in a heartbeat!!! Right by Time Square but away from all the noise, the overcrowding and dirty feeling... Right off of 5th Avenue and very close to Central Park. HIGHLY recommend this hotel!!!	
Aug 10 2008 	Sofitel is Excellent!!!	This was my first time in New York City and the Sofitel was excellent and worth every penny! The room, the service and the food was great! I would definitely recommend this hotel. We stayed for four nights and it was the best time ever. The hotel is in walking distance to many things, such as NBC Studios, Rockefeller plaza, Times Square and so on. Plus, it is located in a quiet area. I also enjoyed the Red Flame restaurant that was basically right next door. The food was great! We had breakfast twice there and our bill was no more than $25.00. We saw the play Grease and it was great! I plan to revisit New York City and stay at the Sofitel again.	
Aug 9 2008 	Central Location	As Sofitel priviledge members we always stay at Sofitel Hotels where possible and the reviews on TripAdvisor for the New York Hotel were very good so we booked in for four nights.Central location and friendly staff on arrival, we were not upgraded as there were no rooms available and our room was on the 15th floor but with views over the back of buildings and fire stairs on New York, not what we had requested. The room was a standard size but we had requested a Queen size bed and it was a double. The bathroom was a good size and had all the necessities. The next morning we went down to the front desk to see if we could get our upgrade or at least a room with a better view of New York and a Queen Size bed. Apparently in New York Queen size beds are what we in Australia call double, so remember this and book your bed accordingly. We were moved to a room on the 19th floor with a better view, same size bed and so we settled for the rest of our stay. Like all Sofitels complimentary water provided each afternoon/early evening and also free internet (with a printer) again appreciated.The staff were very friendly, in particular the wonderful concergie and also William the doorman who organised a great town car to take us to the airport and who was always interested in how our days had been . The bar was nice and overall a good stay.Great little bar across the road fron the hotel - cant recall the name but good pasta and buffalo wings, you turn left as if going to fifth Street and its across the road. Also their is a post office across the road in an office building which is very close, ask William for instructions.. Also took the advice of other TripAdvisers and had breakfast each day at the little red dinner down the road, great breakfasts, good service and reasonable prices.	
Aug 8 2008	Top choice in New York!	I was extremely happy with my choice of hotel. I stayed in New York for five nights and the Sofitel was the perfect place to stay. The location was fantastic, very central to all the major attractions: Time square and Fifth Avenue were both walking distance away, which was especially handy after lots of shoppng and walking absolutely everywhere in New York. The rooms are spacious (by New York standards), modern and very clean, making my stay very comfortable indeed. I must say the beds were oh, so comfortable....I slept very well. The bathrooms were marble and the fresh orchids were a nice touch. The hotel staff were all very professional and the concierge particularly helpful. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel and this will be my first choice when I return to New York City.	
Aug 7 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	We travel to New York a lot but this is our first stay at the Sofitel. You cannot beat its location being so close to Times Square. We are rather picky about beds, and these were extremely comfortable. We also chose to stay in and have room service for a dinner. The food came rather quickly and it was all warm! Overall, for a Manhattan hotel room, the room size was actually generous. (Most hotel rooms I have stayed in Manhattan are rather difficult to move around in because of their small size.) We will definitely stay here again in the future.	
Aug 5 2008 	The pillows are heavenly!	I've heard amazing things about this hotel, and it's a frequent Travelers' Choice Winner, so my expectations were extremely high. It did not disappoint. While it's in the middle of a somewhat chaotic part of town, once I entered the lobby, the heat and noise faded away. The staff was courteous, but not overbearing, and the French greetings are quite charming. My room was on a low floor (the 3rd), however I didn't hear any noise from the street. The room was spacious, the bathroom quite big. The bed was incredible - I'm picky when it comes to pillows, and they were scrumptious, as was the duvet, which did not have that nasty, dirty bedspread feel found at many hotels. Other plusses - lots of room in the closet, separate shower and tub, plenty of room in the bathroom. I traveled alone, but there would have been more than enough room for 2 in both the room and bathroom. I also liked that there were TV speakers in the bathroom - great for when you're getting ready to go out. Only a few cons - didn't love the toiletries, I've stayed at lesser hotels with higher quality products; there were no drawers to store non-hanging items; and finally, I had to replace my room key 3 times because my cell phone kept demagnetizing it. If you stay here - keep your cell phone and room key far apart! The location is great - if you're planning to spend a lot of time in midtown, or want the convenience of traveling to the upper east or west sides of town. Would definitely stay here again, and would recommend it highly.	
Jul 25 2008 	The ratings are correct!	During our 5 day vacation in NYC we stayed at Sofitel. The hotel was chosen due to the high ratings. And we were not dissapointed. I asked for a quiet room and got room 718 which is located at the back overlooking the neighboring buildings. Not much of a sight but that was not of interest. The room was spacious with twin beds. The airconditioning made a little humm but we both slept sound. The temperature is easily adjusted in Fahrenheit or Celcius and the room is quickly cooled. I think they also use soundproof windows, the were no noise at all from the outside. Not to forget the fat 37 inch flatscreen TV!The traffic outside the hotel is modest. After a day walking in the city we longed for the entrance, it was like entering the garden of quietness. The staff were courteous and professional at all times. In Europe we often stay with Accor hotels and Sofitel NYC was no exception: high standards! Its a short walk to times square. The restaurant is very nice and we had a great brekfast every day. Next time we return to NYC, Sofitel is the only choice. Thanks to all at Sofitel for making our holiday so comfy!	
Jul 22 2008 	Fabulous hotel and great service!	We booked our hotel room in December as we were planning a trip to NYC for my 30th birthday. Upon arriving at the hotel, we were informed that we were upgraded to a fabulous suite. Then we received a bottle of wine from some friends and the hotel sent us a bottle of champagne. The room was incredibly comfortable--great bed, luxurious bathroom, 2 flat screen TVs. We didn't eat at the hotel but we did have cocktails there one night and the restaurant seemed nice. We ate at the Red Flame Cafe which was surprisingly good as it looked like a dive diner and was very cheap. I would definitely recommend the Sofitel!	
Jul 19 2008 	Sofitel is a great hotel !	We stayed at the Sofitel for four nights in July. We got a great room rate on the hotel's website booking several months in advance.The room was their standard queen room, which was quite large at 350 square feet. The bathroom was lovely-all marble. The location is great, on a quiet block of W. 44th st. Housekeeping did a great job and were very friendly. We asked for and were given an early check in.Beautiful room,great location- we would stay there again...	
Jul 19 2008 	So far so Sofitel	This is a very good hotel. It is close to Time Square and is a welcome refuge after a hard days shopping. The rooms were comfortable and the free bottles of wine in our room and the room of our teenage daughters when we arrived to celebrate my wife's birthday was thoughtful.The only thing against the hotel was that as it is part of a chain it lacks the quirky individuality of some hotels but that is being too critical.My only gripe is that free WiFi should be the norm in 4/5 stat hotels and not a paid for extra.	
Jul 17 2008 	Reliable and as expected	Stayed for 4 days and it was a very pleasant experience. Sofitel offered a &quot;picnic package&quot; and gave us a picnic basket. We went to the nearby Bryant Park - a perfect spot! The hotel is styled in every aspect and therefore distinguishes itself from the big hotel chains - a major benefit. Especially the Gaby Bar is a great spot to have a drink after sightseeing or shopping. What we didn't like was that the room obviously was used by smokers before - not a true nonsmoking room to my understanding! The room was rather dark due it faced the closed backyard. Housekeeping was very attentive and tidied up perfectly. Staff and Concierge did a good job.	
Jul 16 2008 	Excellent and disappointing	Having read the rave reviews we decided to stay here for my birthday trip to New York. I looked it up on the internet and found a special deal for a Chic Picnic. Basically the fourth night was free, the room was superior and we received a picnic hamper with wine or champagne. The first down fall was the pricing. According to my reservation our final bill would show the full amount and then have a 25% discount. I therefore took the quoted amount to be the full amount and applied 25% discount. Not so we discovered on our first night. The quoted was with the discount so the cost was 33% higher than I budgeted. Maybe this is me being daft but I have reread my booking and it is still unclear. Eventually we got checked in and went to our room on the 19th floor. The view was breathtaking, the bed wonderfully soft, there was a plasma screen TV and a bottle of champagne for my birthday. However the &quot;big marble bath&quot; was barely big enough for me at 5'4&quot;. We asked for our chic picnic on the second day and it came in a wonderful wooden hamper with a bottle of champagne. Unfortunately we were then told that we couldn't take the champagne to central park so that kind of ruined our &quot;champagne picnic&quot;. We left the champagne in the room and, on the advice of the concierge, walked to Central Park carrying the hamper. Do not be tempted to do this. Take a taxi. It will cost all of $6 and you will arrive fresh and unharried. On our last evening we requested a wake up call as we had to be at the airport by 6.30. We never received a call but luckily woke up in time. Checkout took forever as we had to use two seperate cards. Overall it was wonderful and disappointing all at the same time so I've marked it average.	
Jul 15 2008 	Nice hotel great location	Just returned from a week-long New York/Chicago trip -- I love the Chicago Sofitel, so we thought we'd try the Sofitel in New York. And we weren't disappointed! Same amazingly comfy bed, nice flat-screen TV, and a lovely and very clean bathroom. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The standard rooms are pretty small, but since we were only in the room to sleep, it wasn't a big issue. My only complaint would be the one small window in the room, which barely let in any light -- this was probably because we had a room in the back of the building, with a less-than-desirable view of the alleyway between other buildings. But again, since we were only in the room to sleep, it wasn't a major problem. Valet service is slow, but it does say to call for your car 30 minutes ahead of time on the claim ticket -- and I would definitely recommend calling the full 30 minutes ahead of time, especially if you know you'll be in a hurry (like if you're heading back to the airport). We had to rent a car for a day to drive into New Jersey, but the first few days in the city we didn't need a car at all -- the hotel is in such a great location that walking just about anywhere is the best way to go. Plenty of shops, restaurants, etc. within a few blocks -- Central Park is pretty close, and Grand Central Station is just down the street. We took the subway to Yankee Stadium for a game, which was about a hundred times easier than trying to drive there. And the hotel is a couple blocks away from the craziness of Times Square, so it's in a much quieter location. We really enjoyed the hotel -- I would definitely recommend it!	
Jul 12 2008 	Best Birthday Ever!	It took me 2 weeks to decide on a hotel since New York has so many and I am very happy with the decision I made.I stayed at the Sofitel for my 30th birthday during the 4th of July weekend. This was my first trip to New York by myself and the staff went above and beyond to make me feel comfortable. The room was larger than expected, clean, large flat screen t.v and the bathroom was amazing. I never saw the cleaning staff, but my room was cleaned every day and they provide turn down service every night. I stayed on the 19th floor and was able to see the Empire State building from my room. They have free internet in the lobby (if you don't mind waiting to use the computers) and the location of the hotel is perfect since Times Square is right there. I am going to New York again next year and will be staying in the Sofitel. Overall wonderful experience, fabulous hotel and I would like to thank the staff for making it the best birthday ever!	
Jul 11 2008 	A really fantastic hotel in so many ways!	In recent years I have become very familiar with trip advisor and use it to decide on where I should stay when I travel. I have found it to be invaluable tool and It has helped me make very good decisions. Again recently this June, it did not let me down, so I thought it was about time I wrote a review!! I went to New York with a few friends(some very fussy!). We stead in the Sofitel New York and It did not disappoint. I couldnt recommend it enough. Everything about this hotel was just fantastic. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were very spacious and the beds were to dye for. The hotel had a lovely bar and restaurant with a beautiful decor and atmosphere. On evenings when something casual was required the bar menu was lovely. In the lobby there was internet access with printers which was really handy. The location was excellant with every thing on its doorstep. The most impressive find was a diner a few doors down &quot; red flame&quot; which served the nicest breackfast each morning for roughly $12 each. Overall a great hotel which even impressed the fussy ones and I certainly will stay there on my return to the big apple!	
Jul 5 2008 	Great Hotel to use for Visiting New York	This review is a bit late, sorry, my partner and I stayed here late Nov’07, Thanksgiving Weekend. I can say that we had great service from the hotel and the staff were really helpful as this was our first time visiting New York. Which brings me to another great thing about the hotel is its location. Right between two of the busiest Avenues in New York, with easy walking distance of all of Central Manhattans major attractions. The street the hotel is on, is quiet for a New York street, with is great to take a break form the surrounding streets constant hustle. I also recommend that when you visit New York is to get a room as high as possible in any hotel you stay at to avoid the street noise and constant taxi honking to get a good night sleep! Also the Sofitel privilege card is a great idea to get to benefit from a late check out as well and it’s free!The Red Flame dinner is ok and cheap, but not the best. There’s a great little breakfast / café shop out the back of the hotel (use the hotel bar exit), on the opposite side of the street, heading toward 5th Ave. Can’t remember the name but it sells fresh fruit etc, cheaper than the Red Flame dinner and it less hectic.	
Jul 3 2008 	Not worth the money	Stayed for 3 nights as part of our honeymoon in June. There was nothing wrong with it, but really for the money we paid it was a bog standard hotel. The bed was very very comfortable and the bathroom lovely. The room wasn't particularly big. We had a big flat screen TV though which was nice. We were on 7th floor and had no views. It was booked as part of a honeymoon package and although we weren't looking for freebies, an acknowledgement would have been nice! I have read other reviews about upgrades or a bottle of wine as special occaision touch - but nothing.There was a big storm the night before we left and JFK had been closed - I called the concierge about 11.30 to see if they thought the morning flights would be okay and I was dismissed by them - they didn't seem interested.We had rather a strange experience on our last night where the phone range about 1am and it sounded like some sort of taxi booking place confiming something for our room. I hung up as I couldn't work out what was going on - half an hour later, room service appeared at our door. We had to get up at 5.30am for a flight in the morning. They only sort of shrugged when I complained in the morning.The doormen were great though - v easy to get a taxi and provided umbrellas when it was raining. They also recommdend a great pizza place - John's pizza on same street but just past broadway - would highly recommend it. The red flame diner just out the front door on the left was also good for breakfast. We spent a bit of time in an Irish Bar nearby - O'Briens which was great - food was fab and staff really friendly.	
Jul 1 2008 	Special Break in a good hotel	A Hotel that lives up to its reviews, rooms were clean and serviced twice a day and had no problems, the bed is one of the best I have ever slept in. This trip was for 8 days for our silver wedding aniversary and whilst we were given a room on the 19TH floor the free champagne enjoyed by others never arrived even though they were advised. Free internet access in lounge was great, reception helpful and efficient, doorman good, bell boys to busy chatting most of the time. One of the conseirge team was a little up himself but generally good.The hotel is expensive even on a deal but well worth it as room was a good size and bathroom was what europeans expect, nice and big and seperate shower was excellent. Lots of hot water all the time.Did not try the Red Flame as there are lots of places to have breakfast, Grand Central is worth it for one morning and its just 2 blocks away. Another favourite was Cuttichines at the Rockerfella Centre for those who want a healthier option.If you do Staten Island Ferry make sure you are on the right hand side or front or end otherwise you miss the statue of LibTips, do Brooklyn Bridge at Night the views are unforgettable, do top of the Rock as that way you can photograph empite state building, however disappointed with evening views as we did a dawn and dust ticket. Dinner between 6 &amp; 8 is hectic and for lunch try one of the deli's by Bryant Park and sit in the park and watch the world go by.	
Jun 29 2008 	An absolute must!	We stayed at the Sofitel from the 11th to the 16th June 2008 and loved the hotel to bits! The hotel location is excellent, in a safe neighbourhood close to absolutely everything! We stayed at the hotel having booked under the chic picnic rate which got us 4 nights for the price of 3 and a picnic hamper with great food and wine, contained in a fab picnic hamper that we took to central park and devoured in the sun! The hotel staff are fantastic, taking their time to answer any questions or queries. They made us feel like individuals in what must be a busy, large hotel. Used the gym which was well equiped with the latest machines and had weights etc to use. the room was on the 17th floor, no fantastic views but the bed was very comfortable, the room service menu and staff alike were fab and very polite. Huge bathroom with seperate bath and shower. Turn down service was great, free bottled mineral water every evening. On the whole, a great experience in New York and I would definately stay at the hotel again should I return to the Big Apple. Thanks Sofitel for making our stay such a good, memorable one!	
Jun 27 2008 	I really like this hotel	The Sofitel is my favorite hotel to stay at in New York whether for business or pleasure. There are surely fancier and more expensive hotels at tonier addresses, but the Sofitel is certainly no slouch. And it is consistently quiet, comfortable, and convenient. Last weekend, I stayed at the Sofitel for the first time ifor pleasure with my wife. I had stayed their previously for business probably 10 times over the last 3 years. The lobby at the Sofitel is small and luxurious. You get the feel of a small hotel although the Sofitel is actually quite large. When I arrived last Friday it was bustling a little more than I remembered but was still relatively quiet. When I checked in at the desk, I was informed my room was on the third floor, which I somewhat expected given the price and category I paid for. When I asked if there was another room on another floor, I was told there was not one in the same category. That did not suprise me because I already knew the hotel was sold out. But what did suprise me was that I was offered a suite for a $100 upgrade on a high floor.Our suite was beautiful with an excellent view of the city. The bedroom and bathroom were virtually identical to a deluxe king room (I had booked a queen room) but you had the addition of a separate sitting room with a large flatscreen tv and desk. As usual the service at the hotel was attentive but understated. We used the concierge several times and they were always helpful. I thought the staff was very friendly. The only meal we ate at the hotel this trip was a quick early dinner one night on the way back to the airport. I had no complaints with the service or food. I have always found the restaurant in the hotel to be a step above most hotel restaurants.We did go to the Red Flame diner down the street for breakfast one morning. It was fine, nothing to write home about. It is a good cheap diner. We also went down the street to one of my favorite sushi restaurants, Sush Zen. Really exceptional sushi and sashimi, and less than two blocks from the Sofitel. Sit at the sushi bar. Very expensive, but worth it. You should be aware that for reasons I don't understand (or maybe I do) they don't air condition the hallways in the guest room floors. In the heat of the summer that can create some concern as you are taking the short walk from the elevators to your room. But don't worry, the guest rooms and lobby stay plenty cool. I had been telling my wife about the Sofitel for some time. I think after this trip she understands why I prefer to stay there over some other high end hotels. It is simply comfortable and you can't beat the convenience.	
Jun 25 2008 	Served it's purpose very well...	I stayed at this hotel with my girlfriend for a 4 night weekend break. We had high hopes for the hotel based on reviews on here and other sites. It isn't the cheapest hotel in Manhattan and is rated 4 star so we did expect it to be nice.Overall I think it does live up to its rating, it is a pleasant hotel, reception staff were very friendly, rooms were large with nice decor, and the beds were comfy, so to be honest, it does exactly what you want for a few days in New York. We were only on floor 7 so had no decent views. Maybe we should have asked at check in for a higher floor??The only thing that did disappoint me slightly was the concierge. Maybe the guy I encountered was the worst of a good bunch and isnt doing them any favours. Hopefully he wasn't typical of their concierge service on the whole. To me the concierge should probably be the most friendly and helpful person on the staff. My understanding of their job is to help hotel guests in any way they can. My two approaches to the concierge desk lasted a grand total of about 15 seconds as I was pretty much brushed aside by a man that I would describe as having, pardon my french, a stick up his backside. He couldn't have been less helpful if he tried!We didnt eat in the restaurant so cannot comment on that at all but it seemed quite expensive.I shouldnt let the concierge cloud my judgement of the hotel, overall it was a great trip, the location wa fantastic, a hundred yards from times square and the 5th Ave shops and a lot niceer than the place I stayed last time in NYC! I would definately return and would recommend to friends.	
Jun 22 2008 	C'est bon!	This is luxury. We usually stay at the Michaelangelo Hotel, which is also a wonderful property, but sold out -- so we tried the Sofitel. Wow! Our mantra is that a great staff makes a great.hotel. And this staff is among the best. We couldn't have felt more welcome. Our room met all of our expectations, (and we can be nastily picky.) We upgraded to an Executive Suite on the 28th floor. The room was well appointed and quiet as a mouse. The bathroom was hugh, beautiful and very usable (nice deep soaking tub for one, separate glass shower.) The bar/bistro was pricey, but worth it. We made dinner at the bar one night from the appetizer menu (not just wings and fried cheese sticks.) During a torrential downpour Steve waved his arm at cabs until his arm was empty, at that point we discovered the joy of the bicycle taxis (rickshaws). What fun and what great young men, impossibily polite, hardworking and owners of their own small businesses. While darting in and out of traffic, staying dry because our driver buttoned us up behind a plastic curtain (while getting wet himself), we enjoyed every minute (not for the faint of heart.) Sofitel NYC, if you guys are listening, great job. You too, rickshaw guys. Both of you are gracious and that's a rare quality,	
Jun 22 2008 	Great Stay	After review other hotels, we decided to try the Sofitel. We were amazed on our early arrival how quickly they had a room available for us! The hotel staff was wonderful! Great staff working there. We did not eat in the hotel since the prices were expensive and plenty to chose from outside the hotel.We truly enjoyed having a seperate shower from the bathtub! and the little things that came along with the room! Seems like made service was great! They took care of us even on our day of departure! The Hotel is in a great location off the beaten path of Time Square but it is a easy walk to many areas! Truly enjoyed this hotel over others!	
Jun 18 2008 	This one's a keeper	I've stayed in a number of midtown hotels during the past year, and the Sofitel is definitely one I'll use again. It's one of the quietest hotels I've stayed in. You don't hear much outside noise at all, even in the lobby and restaurant. Definitely try to stay on one of the higher floors for the views. My room, on the 18th floor, wasn't very large, but it had a floor-to-ceiling window, and I had a hard time tearing myself away. Rooms have been recently refurbished, and they're clean and elegant. The staff are a teeny bit on the frosty side, but very professional, informed, and helpful.If you need to check e-mail but didn't bring your laptop, the lobby has several terminals you can use for free.Overall, the Sofitel is good value for money, given its location, amenities, and quality of service.	
Jun 17 2008 	Fine but not as good as others	Sofitels are generally great. This one was good. The location is also a big plus point. The staff were excellent - very, helpful and very friendly. They allowed us to check in about 6 hours early and couldn't have been more helpful with luggage, directions and advice.The room was a good size and had a separate shower and bath but was not quite the size that I was led to believe from the hotel's description. I guess 'large marble bath' may mean something different in New York. The bed was terrific - they always are in these hotels. But the decor was a bit bland. Free internet access downstairs was a real plus. The bar was expensive and the service wasn't that great. We had breakfast one morning but again I found that expensive and the service wasn't that great.	
Jun 11 2008 	Great Hotel!!!!	This Hotel was Amazing. Great location, walking distance to time square. Very clean, not to mention the amazing lobby. We got chocolates and water in our room everyday. The conciere service was a big help. I absoutely would recommend stay here. I haven't traveled in a while and originally booked another hotel and read others reviews which astounded me. The website made the hotel look amazing which really was a nightmare to the testimony of others. That's why I was going to make sure I did a review. Thanks to those who wrote a review I did not stay there and found the Sofitel hotel. Which I was very happy with.	
Jun 7 2008 	Comfortable and dependable	This was our third stay at this Sofitel hotel which enjoys a perfect location between 5th Avenue and Broadway - close to everything but away from the noise and confusion of Times Square. We stayed one week. The first morning, offensive cooking odors from a restaurant that was not affiliated with the hotel entered the room. We spoke with the hotel manager who promptly moved us to a higher floor and an ungraded room for the rest of our stay. Both rooms were well furnished and in the condition one would expect for a quality property. The beds were very comfortable with high quality linens and down comforters and pillows. Since our last stay, the hotel rooms have been furnished with large flat screen HD televisions. The staff met our expectations in every way. We certainly would and intend to return.	
Jun 4 2008 	OK 4 Star in a good location	Stayed here memorial weekend (May 22-27th 2008). The hotel was in a good location - W44th is close to everything. It is a few blocks from Bryant Park, and also from Time Square and theatres.Hotel is clean and the staff friendly and helpful. Although this is a four star hotel and its facilities do reflect this it is not in the same league as my last stay in New York at The Michelangelo.	
Jun 4 2008	Excellence of the Sofitel	We stayed at the Sofitel for a long weekend just gone and had a great time. We booked direct via the hotel and got a fantastic rate ~ $350 per night which couldn't be matched by any of the usual websites.The location is superb being in the centre of things. The rooms were a reasonable size especially for New York, we stayed in a standard Queen double, the bed was incredibly comfortable and the bathroom was well fitted. Rooms were cleaned twice a day to a very high standard. We were on the 10th floor which while there was no view really to speak of was nice and quiet.The concierge service was incredible, specifically Vladimir who managed to get us into some of the best restaurants even though it was peak time at the weekend. He even went as far to organise a complimentary glass of champagne for the 2 of us at one of the restaurants.Drinks are expensive in the hotel, which I guess is standard but I think a little unnecessary and would love one of the higher standard hotels to start breaking the mould, certainly it would result in having a more popular bar and restaurant which were very quiet during our stay, although we did not bother with eating in the hotel.Overall excellent service, good standard of room (especially considering it was New York), and fantastic location.	
Jun 3 2008 	I just love this hotel	You simply cannot go wrong with this hotel. It was my 30th birthday and 8 of us went to NYC. The location of the hotel is spot on no where is too far. The reception staff were helpful and friendly, the doormen were very helpful with arranging transport, the consierge was very useful I could not fault the staff. The hotel is beautiful and the beds amazing. I simply cannot say enough good things. Make aure you go to the red flame for breakfast is on the corner of the street the hotel is on and does great breakfasts for a very good price.The hotel made sure all of my party were on the same floor and sent complimentary champagne to me on the day of my birthday.The rooms are immaculate and cleaned twice a day.I will always stay here.	
Jun 3 2008 	What more could you ask for??	I booked this hotel solely based on its reviews (and ranking) on Tripadvisor. I have to admit that it is a bit pricey, but so are most of the hotels in New York. On arrival I felt that the hotel was totally overrated and was disappointed. However, as time went by I started to notice what made the hotel so highly ranked and I have to admit that it is well deserved. It is the little details that matter… Location of the hotel is excellent. It is on the 44th street just few hundred meters off the 5th avenue. You can also easily walk to Times Square, Bryant Park and Grand Central just to name a few. There are nice restaurants within a few blocks of the hotel.The room was really comfortable and spotless. It had a flat screen TV, adequate minibar, safe, iron and board etc. Bed was pretty much the softest and nicest I’ve ever slept in. Although I could hear some sounds from the hall, it was quiet enough. Bathroom was large (and like the room - spotless) with a separate shower and a tub. There is a turn-down service each evening with a bottle of Evian water delivered. The one thing that really separates this hotel from other business hotels is the staff (after all, money can buy you nice surroundings). They seem to like their job and act accordingly. They were easy to approach, extremely friendly and made me feel welcome. The concierge service was excellent – very helpful and correct in their suggestions. Breakfast is served every morning in the Hotel restaurant. I was really looking forward to a buffet breakfast as the start for the day, but it turned out only a la carte is available. There are a number of items you can order. These cost around 22 – 35 USD (+ tax)and include fresh juice and a pot of (good) coffee. The continental breakfast is a basket of French bakery products (croissant, bread, muffin etc) and a fruit plate. The fruit plate was rather small, with 5 small slices of 2 kinds of melon and pineapple. It was so small it made me laugh as I saw it. If it isn't included in the room price or your company isn’t paying for it, I would go somewhere else for breakfast. If I had to say something negative, I would mention that like some others before me I didn’t receive a welcome drink although I’m a Sofitel Privilege member (minor detail, but just to bring it up). On a positive note a late check-out was granted without a problem. Overall, Sofitel New York is a wonderful hotel with a perfect location. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 3 2008 	Fabulous Sofitel Stay!	I did extensive research and settled on this hotel. Wonderful experience! The staff was great and helpful! They sent us to fabulous restaurants, gave us umbrellas when it rained, gave us complimentary wine. Very clean and the beds were dreamy. Great location. We will go back!	
May 30 2008 	Very nice hotel great position	My wife and I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights. Overall, the hotel is very nice, fantastic location, just few minutes by walk from several &quot;must see and be&quot; locations like Times Square, Rockefeller center, Public library, Madison Square, Penn Station etc. Also, Empire State Building and Macys are just 10 streets away. We recommend this hotel not just because of great location. Rooms are large enough, bed fantastic, lobby area luxury and staff is very pleasant and helpful.	
May 30 2008 	Generally good but a couple of problems	Stayed here for a few days on a work trip. Booked direct with the hotel, paying around US$600/night. In general, this hotel is pretty good, but there were just a couple of minor problems. Good stuff first:-The beds are very comfortable; good linens and towels. -Rooms are geniunely very quiet; I didn't hear any noise from the corridor or nighbouring rooms in my entire stay, which is rare for New York.-Good room size.-Food (room service and restaurant) was fine.-Concierge was great (they got us a table at Restaurant Daniel with only a few hours notice). Not so good:-I paid for a supposedly deluxe room on the 15th-29th floor with city view etc, but instead was allocated a random standard room on the 4th floor looking onto a wall. I know that hotels overbook etc, but they didn't apologise or offer to move me. When I requested an alternative room, nothing was available. Not a major upset, but slightly annoying. -Bellhop service isn't great. It took ages for anyone on front desk to call a porter to help with luggage when I was checking out. When they did eventually call for someone (using a xylophone ?), no one came. In the end I stopped a random hotel employee and they had to help carry my stuff. Other stuff:-A few reviews have raved about the bathrooms. They're fine, really, but nothing out of this world. The bathtubs, by the way, are fairly shallow, like many other American hotels. -The gym/fitness room is alright. Small like most hotels, and without a great choice of free weights, but at least clean and fairly well equipped.-Some of the other reviews have recommended visiting the &quot;Red Flame&quot; diner. Seriously, don't go - yes it's a diner, but it's one of the depressing sort. I went for a turkey burger and left most of it - overly greasy and processed, and just very unappetising. A much better option is the Comfort Diner, which is a few minutes away on East 45th Street and 3rd (or E 45th and Lexington, I can't remember). It looks like how you might expect a 50s-type diner to look, but isn't overly retro. Overall, a good choice for New York, not exactly what I'd call &quot;Luuxry Choice&quot;, but I think for the money it's pretty good. I think for a real luxury choice, you'll have to spend a couple hundred more dollars.	
May 30 2008 	Some Superlatives For Sofitel	As with so many previous reviews, I've no complaints with this Hotel. We booked this Hotel on the strength of the feedback from these Trip Advisor comments. I have to say the Hotel did not disappoint. This is a very comfotable Hotel with all the amenities required for our stay here. A standard room for 4 nights provided us with a room on the 11th floor with a view of 45th Street at the rear of the hotel. The spacious air conditioned triple glazed room had a large LCD TV , Mini Bar , iron and ironing board. Free room safe and even a small U.S. plug adaptor ( great detail ) . A large bathroom gave us a small bath and walk in shower. If I had a criticism the water pressure in the shower was what I can only describe as lack lustre. Never-the-less a very nice place to return to after the Manhattan Mayhem. As we'd booked room only we like others, found ourselves at the Red Flame Diner, just a couple of doors down on 44th St. Happy Days meets The Whistle Stop Cafe for mammoth cholesterol busting breakfasts. Great , but by day three we found ourselves defeated, when cereal and fruit were begging us back to save our health ! Just a bit further along on 44th homesick Scots can grab a bite to eat New York style at St Andrews Bar 120 W 44th where we had a very hearty lunch on our last day.The main attraction for this Hotel is the location, you're convenient for everything here and having previously visited &amp; stayed in New York .I would recommend this area for your stay. Overall a great comfortable Hotel in a fabulous location......Enjoy !	
May 28 2008 	What A Place	We had read the reviews on here and decided to go for it for our very first stay in NYC. What a great hotel - the beds are simply amazing - especially after youve had that long walk - its like falling asleep in a cloud. The staff where kind and courteous. One thing I will say is if you dont ask you dont get. We got put on the 15th floor which I thought was a bit rubbish as its the minimum floor for paying extra for a higher floor - so we asked and where moved to floor 27. The door staff where brilliant and the maids come twice a day to clean the room and then a second visit later ont o turn the beds over.A great hotel - well worth the extra to have a haven in NYC.	
May 26 2008 	Loved staying at Sofitel	We stayed at the Sofitel from May 10-15th. The location is wonderful! It is very close to Times Square, Grand Central, Empire State, Rockefeller Center and so many other attractions. The hotel is beautiful. We stayed in a room with a queen bed on the 14th floor. The room is a decent size, especially in NYC, complete with robes and slippers to lounge in. The bathroom is huge!! I would definitely recommend staying at the Sofitel &amp; would go back in a heartbeat on our next visit to NYC.	
May 21 2008 	Great hotel highly recommended	We stayed at the Sofitel from April 30 till May 5 and we absolutely loved it. Having never visited New York and given the number of hotels in the city, my husband and I felt it was very difficult to choose. Eventually, we decided to try the Sofitel, because of the location and the good reviews we read on this site. We arrived late in the evening, we had no problem with the check in and our room felt warm and cozy. It was on the 23rd floor and we had a view of the Chrysler building. The bathroom was really nice, one of the best ever seen in a hotel. The bed very comfortable, the room nice and clean. We had breakfast in the hotel twice and we absolutely loved it. We also had room service and there again everything was excellent. In the lobby there is a little internet room which can be used by hotel guests (very handy, when you're in vacation and don't carry your laptop with you). The location is perfect: most interesting sights are within walking distance (Grand Central Station, Times Square, Fifth Avenue..) I just loved every minute I spent there.	
May 14 2008 	Lovely stay	Stayed at the Sofitel Midtown and enjoyed very comfortable quiet rooms with a great selection of the latest release movies (Great for those early morning wake ups coming from Europe!).The location was fine with a short walk to Time Square, Grand Central and the the classic American shopping on 5th Avenue.	
May 12 2008 	Absolutely Brilliant	This is pure luxury in the middle of New York. I stayed in suite 622. The suite has a big living room, beautiful bedding, 2 plasma screens , a full dressing room and high quality fittings throughout. The room makes you feel like royalty. The dining was excellent for breakfast - coffee was spot on, the food was wonderfully prepared and the service was timely and friendly. The location is perfect for all of the usual suspects in New York. The gym is well equipped and private. The concierge was knowledgeable, accommodating and extremely helpful. I could not think of a better place to stay.	
May 2 2008	Highly recommend this hotel	We stayed 9 nights at this wonderful hotel based on the reviews from this site. The bottom line is that this is a great hotel and would stay there again. There was only one issue and it was a small one but you could hear the doors close of other rooms through the door of our room. Quite often it sounded like somebody coming into our room when actually it was somebody else closing or opening their door.Other than that:* it was very clean. Definitely a 4+ star equivalent in AU standards* staff were excellent, friendly and nice at all times* the location was brilliant. We spent 9 days in Manhattan and walked several kms everyday and saw many other hotels and we went back to the hotel every night happy we stayed here. The one thing that we were so glad about is the location. Its literally near everything including 5th Ave, Grand Central station, Times square, etc etc. We are only talking a couple of hundred meters away to these spots. The subway was interesting but safe however you could catch a cab from the hotel to Greenwhich Village for under $10 and to the financial district for not much more. Its also next door to the NY yacht club which some people may remember was the HQ for the America's cup. There are a couple of nice restaurants next door and there is also the diner a couple of doors up which we would sometimes get takeaway and crash in our room. We were upgraded to the 27th floor (there are 29 floors) and had a great view of the Chrysler Building 24/7. Lastly we weren't sure as to whether to get breakfast there or not and we were glad we didn't because the food in NY is unbelievable and there is so much within walking distance of the hotel. I would quite often go around the corner on 5th Ave into Barnes &amp; Noble bookshop and have breakfast overlooking 5th Ave in the starbucks on the 2nd or 3rd floor.	
Apr 30 2008 	Amazing hotel - great location...	Had an amazing stay here for three nights. We were given a free upgrade to a lovely room on the 23rd floor. From the window you could see the Chrysler building and the Empire State. Location was perfect - 200 yards from Times Square and just off fifth avenue. The staff did everything you could wish for. Lovely hotel, great room wonderful location - couldn't be better!Tip - for a cheap and filling breakfast try the Red Flame diner next door.	
Apr 29 2008 	Good Location Helpful Staff	I reserved this room on Priceline.com. I was a little nervous about it, because I had never stayed in Manhattan and was unsure what to expect with details about parking, check-in etc. As soon as the hotel accepted my offer I called the hotel. They were fantastic! They allowed me to request a king bed and a non-smoking room (it is my experience with priceline that this is frequently a problem). But Sofitel was very accommodating. They also gave accurate information about check-in and parking. The room was well appointed and very clean. The location was nice, just blocks from Times Square. The only thing I was suprised about was that the halls and the lobby were extremely hot and humid. The staff- extremely friendly and helpful the entire stay. I would definetly stay again!	
Apr 29 2008	Romantic GetAway	Great romanitic getway with my Wife. It is close to everything and the room service food is divine. I highly recommend for a couple wanting a romotic getaway.	
Apr 29 2008 	Best location excellent hotel!	We stayed for 2 nights in April 08. They somewhat messed up our check-in (room was not ready), and we were immediately offered upgrade to an executive suite for next night (nice!). Staff was extremely helpful all the way. Rooms are very nice, and beds are simply incredible. Location is best in Manhattan - 5-10 min walk to Times Square, Rockefeller Center and Penn Station.	
Apr 28 2008	Great Location moderate hotel	Just stayed at the Hotel Sofitel for 5 days starting on 4/23. The front desk gave us a nice corner room with 2 oversized twin beds as I was traveling with a friend. The first thing I noticed was the rather warm temperature in the room which did not cool down. After about an hour we called maintenance and a very nice gentleman came and removed an extremely filthy air filer and replaced it. Still we sweated all night long in about 78 degrees. When I tried to remove the heavy comforter I realized there was no top sheet and was grossed out about the idea of sharing a comforter with 1000 other people. In the morning I contacted the front desk manager and when we returned to the hotel later that afternoon the A/C was working fine and a top sheet had been put on the beds. Also I went to put on a robe and the previous persons hair was all over it, I put it in the hallway... The hotel reeks of popourri and all hallways seem to not be air conditioned. There is a nice bar and the location is great with the Algonquin and the Iroques all in a row. There is a fabulous resturant Killari right down the street, the food was so good that we ate there twice. Very fresh grilled fish, wonderful beet and walnut salad. The very hip Morgan Hotel and M Bar are right across the street. You can walk to Saks Fifth Avenue easily. The staff and especially Brook the concerierge was wonderful and couldn't be more accomodating, that being said I would sum up the experience as an okay business hotel with lots of europeans staying there. I would probably not stay there again.	
Apr 24 2008 	Pleasant Stay	I stayed at this hotel for a short sightseeing trip. It was a pleasant stay, and I have nothing to complain about. The room was a little on the small side, but that is to be expected from New York. Bed was comfortable, room was clean and tastefully decorated with air conditioning. The hotel location was perfect - between fourth and fifth avenue and on a street with several other hotels that felt safe. Just a couple of blocks away from Times Square in one direction and Grand Central Station in the other, so a perfect location for sight seeing. The concierge was friendly and a big help and booked tickets, had taxis flagged down for us, and gave us general information that we found useful. I'd stay there again.	
Apr 23 2008 	Amazing hotel fantastic location	My girlfriend and I stayed in the Sofitel in late Jan 2008.It was an extra special weekend away because I was planning to propose to my girlfriend. I'd phoned ahead and the Sofitel had upgraded us to a suite with no extra charge... result!The hotel itself is amazing. Great rooms, staff (v. knowledgeable concierge) and if you want to be central NYC you cannot beat the location. You're slap bang in the middle of everything.I would thorougly recommend this hotel to anyone hitting New York for the first time. It made our weekend effortless.Over the weekend my girlfriend turned into my fiancé!!!	
Apr 22 2008 	perfect	we just got back from this trip i am not into all this computer stuff but my sister lives in the states and is forever saying to check tripadvisor before booking read reviews on this hotel and can only thank my sister and the people who put there coments on this site hotel is in a great spot 2 blocks east of times sq next to grand central 1block east radio city 3 blocks north madison sq and maceys 10 south central park 13 north .hotel it&quot;s self is 1 of the best i have stayed in did not eat there very dear food and drink service great though red flame dinner 200 yards from hotel great breakfast and st andrews scottish bar 250 yards has great food steak ,sea food well worth a visit. this city is great i spent a fair bit of time in states in the past this is great thanks to sofitel	
Apr 22 2008 	Didn't even get past reservations	I called the Sofitel for a 3 night stay in May - reservations were helpful and a room was booked - I was asked for a cc to guarantee my room so gave over my number. A couple of days later I checked my bank account to find it was lighter by nearly £400.I called back the Sofitel and explained I had authorised a holding guarantee but not a deposit and at no time was this mentioned to me. Furthermore this was for a special celebration and my husband would be settling the bill, and the holding card is my account.I was met with I must have called central reservations - which I hadn't - then apparently I must have been redirected to a call centre - what difference does that make - I was asked for a guarantee card not a deposit card.I cancelled my room as I really object to people charged my card when not authorised. The money was refunding back onto my card but due to the charge in exchange rate I am still £17 lighter for a transaction I didn't authorise.Thanks Sofitel fantastic 30th birthday present!	
Apr 21 2008 	Best Hotel in NYC	We stayed for 3 nights and enjoyed every night in the hotel. The staff was the best. With very early check-in I was amazed they had a room available for us. To the knowledge of the staff and things to do! Rooms were clean and very well maintained! Great maid service.We did not eat in the hotel, even though they offer great room service. Too busy with all the attractions and sites to see.They do offer smoking rooms for smokers and found that they do not smell of smoke as we have seen in other hotels.Great location and easy walk to many places to visit.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great Comfortable stay	We enjoyed a comfortable stay at Sofitel, the staff were helpful and efficient.The room was lovely as was the bathroom. This was the first time we had been to New York so I am not sure if it was a little expensive for that type of room, but I had nothing to complain about.The only thing was my boyfriend made two international calls which were a phenomenal price - maybe we were niave about how much hotel calls cost but I never thought it would be that much - so beware!!	
Apr 15 2008 	Amazing	I stayed last january, and I only can say positive things about this hotel.It's been a long time I don't sleep so comfortable in a hotel room, so great bed and pillows!Excellent location, grat staff.	
Apr 14 2008 	Sofitel is superb!	We have just returned from a five night stay at the Sofitel and can honestly say that we cannot find fault with the hotel. It really is as good as all the reviews claim. We particularly appreciated the free internet access in the lobby, the cleanliness of the rooms and the great location, not to mention the free drink/late check out and upgraded room afforded by the Sofitel Privilege Card (see their website). When we return to NYC we will be staying at the Sofitel.	
Apr 10 2008 	fantastic	could not fault this hotel, fab location, staff and service... will definitely stay there again	
Apr 9 2008 	Superb!	We stayed here en route from South Africa back home to the British Virgin Islands, with our daughters aged 5 mths and 3 1/2 years. Our expereince was superb!!! We arrived at the hotel at 8am in the morning (after a 19 hour overnight flight) and were amazed that the hotel made our room available to us. We had a suite and it was very comfortable and beautifully appointed. The service was superb and catered for our every need and as a bonus the location of the hotel was excellent. I can't say one bad thing about our experience.	
Apr 9 2008 	5 star treatment at this classy hotel	Have just returned from the Sofitel Hotel, in New York to celebrate my birthday and what a fabulous experience we had. We received 5 star treatment from the moment we arrived at the airport. I had already booked a car via Concierge to collect us from the airport and they were there to meet us in arrivals. We enjoyed a pleasant journey to the hotel unlike on a previous occasion when we used a yellow cab! Check in was seamless and all staff we came across at this hotel were fantastic. My partner had phoned ahead and told them it was my birthday so they upgraded us to queen superior on 27th floor - great view of the Chrysler building from our room. You would never believe you were in the centre of the city as it was so quiet – a Very relaxing experience. About an hour after we arrived, a bottle of champagne arrived at our room for me, which was a very nice touch especially for a hotel of this size. The location of this hotel is great for getting around. A 5-minute walk to Times Square and Theatre land and 2 doors away is DB's restaurant, which everyone must try. The food and service is great. You need to book ahead for DB's as it is always heaving. We ate at The View (revolving restaurant at the Marriott Marquis) one evening and whilst the experience was good, the food was very average. Would not bother with that again. We had a predinner meal at Frankie and Jonnies Steak House which was alsoi good. This place was full and apparently has been there for years so has a great reputation for its steaks - worth a try. We also tried Tavern on the Green for Sunday brunch, which we nearly cancelled because of the reviews on here but glad we did go. Service was excellent and food good. It is no doubt a real tourist attraction for the city but you should give it a try.The Concierge 'crew' at this hotel are probably the best I have come across. They could not do enough for you. They even organised a hair appointment for me at this fabulous salon on 5th! The doormen are so attentive and one is made to feel very special. This is obviously an extremely well ran hotel and is a credit to the management as their high standards range from housekeeping staff all the way through. I became ill towards the end of our stay and they kindly organised a room for me so I could rest before we had to leave for the airport at no charge. I thought this was well and truly above and beyond expectations and really appreciated the kind gesture.I would recommend this hotel to everyone – it’s a fabulous place.	
Apr 6 2008 	sofitel is fantastic	stayed in sofitel for 6 nights, best hotel i ever stayed in, absolute luxury, upgraded us to king size room after i emailed them a week before telling them we were on honeymoon, staff were so helpful and down to earth, lobby and bar are ultra cool and comfy, room was beautiful with large bath and shower and so quiet, location is perfect, next time we are in new york we will be staying here, no doubt!!!	
Apr 5 2008 	Wonderful!	From the doorman to the concierge and the front desk staff, this hotel was lovely. Room service was wonderful, even at 3 a.m. Albert at the front desk was so helpful and nice as was Rene the concierge. The food at the restaurant was delicious, the service very good. Our room was impecably clean, as was the bathroom. We have stayed there a few times, and would not even consider staying anywhere else. The location is fabulous, as well.	
Apr 3 2008	New York's Sofitel Hotel -Understated chic	This hotel is excellent. It has an atmosphere of chic, understated luxury, from its art-deco lobby to its ultra-comfortable guest rooms. In the latter, everything has been taken of - even the most nit-picking guest would not be able to complain. The beds are supremely cosy and the all-marble bathrooms highly efficient. We had opted for a queen bedroom, but on arrival, decided that the bed might be a little small for my very tall husband. Our request for a twin-bedded room was dealt with courteously and immediately and no extra charge was made. Linen and towels were immaculate, the room was spotless and the chamber-maiding completely unobtrusive.All the staff provided a highly professional skilled service, not obsequious or fawning, but polite, friendly and accommodating. Faultless. The concierge was magnificent.This hotel is perfectly situated in the quiet west 44th street, within easy walking distance of Times Square, Broadway and 5th Avenue and is also within easy walking distance of Central Park, but, despite all these tourist attractions, the quietness of the hotel was a wonderful oasis to return to after a busy day.Breakfast at the hotel was expensive, so we decided to walk a few yards down the road to the fabulous Red Flame Diner, where breakfast was a sheer delight and something we looked forward to each morning.This was our first visit to New York. We shall certainly visit again and we shall certainly stay at The Sofitel. In fact, we shall certainly stay at other Sofitels in the world. The quality of the accommodation and the service is quite extraordinarily wonderful.	
Apr 3 2008 	Brilliant!	This hotel, so close to Times Square and Broadway, is brilliant! I booked it after reading other people's reviews and I was not disappointed. We stayed for 3 nights.We had booked one king and one double. Both rooms were very spacious and nicely decorated - with some lovely photography on the walls. From my room I could see the Empire State Building and, by craning my head slightly, the Chrysler! The beds are FANTASTIC and have a lovely soft under duvet. Quiet air-conditioning and excellent double-glazing meant that the rooms were really quiet and relaxing. My kids were somewhat disappointed that I was supplied with free chocolates every night during turn-down service - but they were not! Evian water was also complimentary.Bathroom was a good size (it was so good to have a proper shower cubicle and separate tub) and spotlessly clean. Unfortunately the double wasn't quite ready when we checked in but it didn't cause a huge problem given that the king was available (so we were able to freshen up before embarking to the top of the Empire State Building). The staff on reception were pleasant (except for one rather haughty French woman) and efficient. The concierge are really good and clearly take pride in their work.The breakfast was expensive....but so good that it was worth every penny and set us up for the day. Staff were lovely - even when serving my two adolescent sons who were all kitted out in their death/heavy metal clothes! Next time I am in Manhattan I'm staying here again.	
Apr 2 2008 	Simply the Best	Everything about this hotel was perfect, staff were very helpful,Food was pricey but excellent. Breakfast we had in the Red Flame ,out of the hotel turn right just a few doors up there was usually a queue but seated very quickly food good.Maid service twice a day, 2 bottles of water left every evening.There was even an ironing board and iron tucked away in wardrobe.I would recommend this hotel to everyone with no hesitation, it's so central to many of the sights New York has to offer.	
Apr 2 2008	Loved the Sofitel!	Stayed at the Sofitel for 3 nights in March 2008. The hotel staff from front desk to housekeeping were very friendly and helpful. The rooms ( large by NYC standards) were very clean, tastefully decorated, and the bed was soooo comfortable! I have stayed in several NYC hotels like the W and Bryant Park, but now I will always come back to the Sofitel.	
Apr 1 2008 	Comfiest beds in the world !	Just returned from a 4 day stay..4 girls who had left husbands and children behind for a weekend of shopping and self indulgence ! We could not have chosen a better hotel. Location is excellent, staff are fantastic ( Howard on reception, as our first contact, was a great ambassador for the hotel ). Complimentary coffee and tea in the morning ( not something I am used to seeing in a 5 star hotel ). Concierge made some great dinner recommendations. Despite it's 5 star rating, it did not feel 'snooty '. One day we walked in with Tiffany bags the next with bin bags from the market and we were treated no differently !I travel to New York, business and pleasure, about 4 times a year and can't believe I've not stayed here before..it really was 10 out of 10..and the beds are amazing...I will return.	
Apr 1 2008 	Best option for this price	Located in the touristy area - 44th street - it is close to most attractions, the reception is friendly, the rooms very well appointed, the service fine, nothing very special but everything you can expect in a luxury hotel at a competitive price. It also has a nice French atmosphere. The food in room service is ok, the TV great, the bathrooms perfect.. If you are not looking for stiff luxury or fashionable places, it is the perfect choice.	
Mar 31 2008 	Love this Hotel	We stayed here for two nights after a less than stellar stay at the Westin down the street. We got a good rate that included breakfast, and I signed up for the privilege card which gives you late checkout, and a free drink upon arrival. I didn't take advantage of either of those things, but they were nice if you had the opportunity to use them. All of the staff that we encountered were very helpful. I had reserved a queen bed for myself and my teenage daughter. We arrived before check in time. The front desk clerk said she could give us that room then, or if we could wait until 3 pm, she could give us a room with 2 twin beds. We jumped at that, so they held our bags, and we returned in the afternoon, wiped out from a day of walking and walking to the most comfortable beds we've ever slept in. It was like sleeping in a cloud. The bathroom was large, with huge soft white fluffy towels, and lots of fun extras, such as a candle, and teeth whitening mints. The tub was deep, and nice to soak in before going out for the night. We had so much fun sleeping in on the comfy beds, we didn't partake of the included breakfast. The Red Flame Diner a couple of doors down was great for carryout when returning back to the room from a show. This was my first time staying at a Sofitel, and hopefully not the last.	
Mar 31 2008 	The Best Bed in the World	My partner and I stayed at the Sofitel for 3 nights in January this year after reading good things about it on TripAdvisor. We weren't disappointed. The hotel is excellent: luxurious, very friendly and with the best beds in the world - lie on one and you'll see what I mean.Probably the best endorsement I can give is that we have booked to stay there again in December for 4 nights.	
Mar 29 2008	Great Hotel	Sofitel.The hotel kindly upgraded us to a King grand room, from a queen, as we were on our 25th anniversary. The hotel is on w44 st between 5th and 6 Ave. This is easy walking to Times Sq and shopping on 5th Av.The hotel is well laid out and the foyer is impressive. The rooms are very clean and have wonderful aspects. My daughter and partner claim their bed was the most comfortable they have ever slept in. The rooms were modern with all the facilities you would want.The restaurant is a bit pricey, but that is expected in a 4 star hotel, but the food was excellent and well worth the money.The rooms had maid service twice a day and they were  immaculate.All the staff were very friendly and the concierge could not do enough to help even when we were not using their contacts.I have just recommended the hotel to 2 friends who intend to go to NY next month and we will use it again.	
Mar 28 2008 	Best Hotel in New York!!	We just returned from a 4-day stay in New York. I've stayed at the Hilton, Muse, Westin, Waldorf - but none can match the service, room, and location of the Sofitel. It's right between shopping on 5th Avenue and the theatre district. And the stretch of 44th street is relatively quiet compared to other hotel locations. There is a parking facility across the hotel, and diner down the block for a quick bite to eat. The amazing thing about this hotel is you never wait more than 5 seconds for an elevator, and the bathrooms are large and luxurious - glass shower and full sized tub, all in beautiful marble. Big but intimate lobby/sitting area with 3 computers and printer for no charge. The staff was very helpful, and the bell boy saved us $45 by helping us feed the meter for a few hours rather than paying another full day for parking. We got a great rate on Hotwire too, so, we know we got a great deal.	
Mar 24 2008 	Superb Sofitel	Stay in this hotel, you will not be disappointed.The location is excellent, right in the centre of midtown Manhattan with 5th Ave and Times Square within a few yards.The room was great with a very comfortable bed, superb bathroom and good facilities.The staff were fantastic particularly the concierge and doormen. The concierge recommended two great restaurants, which they booked while we were there. Before we got there they arranged our helicopter trip and Broadway show. They could not be any more helpful.If we go back we will definitely be staying there again.Also, don't miss the Red Flame diner two doors down for breakfast, great value, great breakfast.	
Mar 23 2008	Great hotel great location -- not cheap	I stayed at this hotel for a few days in December 2007 with a couple of family members. We were in a junior suite. As you know from the other reviews, there are a lot of pros to this hotel: - hotel is new, modern, renovated (which can't be said of all NYC hotels, even the good ones) - large (for New York) rooms - service is good - great views from the upper floors of the building - great location esp for first-time tourists to NYC (which my family members were). Walking distance to Theater District, 5th Avenue shopping and Rockefeller Center, Empire State Building, pretty much everything from Central Park south through Midtown. - good nearby restaurants (including some in that same block)- a couple of other hotels just steps away, if you want a different ambiance. I'd particularly recommend the Algonquin for drinks in their old bar and the supper club performance. The biggest con to this hotel is price. It's not cheap -- we paid $950+/per night for the junior suite. Again that was in December, holiday season, so that's one of the most expensive times of the year. And those prices are in line with the other high-end hotels around the city at that time of the year. Other things that might be undesirable, depending on the individual traveler's preference: - this hotel does feel like a newer, modern style hotel. It doesn't have local charm; it's not atmospheric, old, or quirky. So for people who want local ambiance in their hotel, this isn't it. - it is in the big fat middle of the Midtown tourist and corporate zone. So if you want a neighborhood, &quot;where the locals live&quot; kind of location -- this isn't it. All that said -- our visit was perfect for what my family members were looking for, and the hotel was great for our needs.	
Mar 16 2008 	Choose this Hotel can't go wrong	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Sofitel. This is a GREAT hotel. Being our first trip to the Big Apple, the staff at Sofitel couldn't have made it any better. Check in took less than 2-3 minutes. The whole staff was very helpful and polite, always the first to say...good morning, good evening, can I help out in anyway, etc. The Hotel is very clean and well kept, we had a room on the 20th floor and had absoultely NO noise problems. The Bed, as already stated in previous reviews, is very comfortable which is always in need after a day full of walking. Nice LG flat screen TV with HD channels, which made it nice for NCAA championship weekend! If you have been going back and forth between this hotel and another, waste no more time and choose this one, you will not regret it! THE LOCATION is a great PLUS. It is Central to everything in Midtown, a couple of blocks from Time Square in one direction and 5th Avenue the other. The Red Flame is a nice breakfast spot that is only about a 2 minute walk from the door of the hotel. This being our first time to New York, we couldn't have been more pleased with this hotel. We will definitely stay here again when we return to New York City.	
Mar 16 2008 	Great Service and location	Booked on hotwire.com and received a great deal for two nights at the end of January 2008. Location is a short three minute walk to Times Square and half a block walk to fifth ave shopping. We arrived at the Sofitel at 10:00 a.m. and was immediately given a room early. The room had a queen size bed and a great big bathroom. The bathroom was made from marble had a stand up shower and a seperate bath tub . There was also a 42 inch flat screen plasma tv in the room. The only down side to the room was the view of the air conditioner system outside but that didn't bother us as we were on the 3rd floor and wouldn't have a view anyways. The room was unbelievably clean and the bed was so comfortable and the duvets were amazing.The workout facility was great for a hotel. Had treadmills, stepper, and other cardio machines. Had free weights and weight machines as well. Was very clean and looked after. The bar/restaurant was beautifully decorated in french design and you felt quite at home in the big plushy chairs having a late evening drink. The staff at the Sofitel made us feel at home and we would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 16 2008 	Great room and location	Stayed for 3 nights in a Queen room, city view and couldn't fault the well equipped room or location of the hotel. Had a slight problem with the a/con but other than that rooms are of a good size, include large flat screen tv if you spend that much time in the room, plus large bathroom. Our room 2217 was at the end of the corridor, so very quiet, with views of the Empire State building and Chrysler Centre. Hotel staff are very pleasant, although we asked for a late check out (4pm as per privilege card) but could only stay until 2pm due to the hotel being fully booked. Didn't try restaurant or bar in the hotel but can recommend 'The Red Flame' diner just 50 yds up the road, food &amp; service excellent and very reasonable.Would certainly stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 13 2008 	Great hotel for theaters	Booked a room at theSofitel after seeing a promotion on travel zoo. The room rate of $245 was well worth it since it included breakfast and free Internet access. The hotel although fairly large does not seem it. Check in was fast and service great. There was a mixup on the promotion and Internet access, but the desk clerk said she would look into it. Minutes after getting to our room she was at the door with 2 free wireless time cards for use in the room. We booked this because we planned to go to the Theater. They are all 2 blocks away and within easy walking distance. If you go, be sure to make dinner reservations ahead of time. We ate at the Kellari Taverna which is right next to the hotel. Its even easy if you use the opentable.com website to book a reservation. Just search under Manhattan and theater district,	
