	Nice Hotel...Great Location	Stayed here for my 40th B-Day. Got Studio King Suite for great rate. Very nice and big room, hardwood floors and balcony. Comfortable bed and great shower pressure. 2 elevators in hotel, one was big and the other was barely enough for 2 people with luggage. Bellman and Front desk staff were great and helpfull. Food, Starbucks, train, Whole Foods, Central Park all within steps of hotel. Overall this is great hotel and plan on staying here again in the future.	
Nov 9 2009	great hotel great service!	We stayed one night to celebrate a special birthday. We were surprised by an upgrade to a penthouse suite due to a cancellation! The suite was amazing! Clean, very spacious, nice amentities. Everything we could need and if not, the staff was always willing to help with anything you would want or need. The location was awesome, across the street from Central Park and Time Warner Bldg.The staff at 6 Columbus was young, attentive, courteous, friendly,more than helpful, and very professional. The staff at the hotel made our visit better than expected and we will definately return.We didn't try the hotel restaurant but did have room service-continental breakfast and it was on time, and very satisfying. Great place to start and end your visit in NYC.There is a store right at the corner if you forgot anything or want cold drinks/snacks/etc.	
Nov 1 2009 	really nice hotel	i stayed here for one night. we haggled the price for the room and he put it down by about 60$ . the hotel room is lovely. we got a king room.really clean and big.. loads of room. big bathroom with bath. very comfortable bed. tv ipod dock wardrobe. would recommend this hotel. nice and quiet. reception wer really nice. its a small hotel but conteporary design! but great room.we had breakfast the next morning in the restaurant and was really nice. great location	
Oct 21 2009 	Friendly staff and great location	While the contemporary-styled standard rooms here are small and lack the chairs, desk and dressers one might expect, the hotel makes up for it with a perfect location for Lincoln Center, the theater district and Central Park. From the smiling and talkative doorman to the speedy check in and check out receptionist to the friendly and capable housekeeper, the staff were all way above average.	
Oct 14 2009 	Awesome!	Great Hotel, very nice employees, with a modern 50's - 60's design and next to Central Park.For a first time in NY it's the best place to stay, Uptown.	
Oct 12 2009 	Perfect New York hotel	We booked this hotel on quikbook.com at an unbelievable rate of $270/night, 2 or 3 nights before our arrival. Everything else we looked at was over $300. And this turned out to be the best place we've ever stayed in in New York. Our room was called a Pod Room, which means there is a bedroom and bathroom. No seating area and no desk! But we're never in the room anyway, so it was perfect. As you can see by the many photos here, the rooms are clean, stylish, modern. We loved that there is a Starbucks right next door, and the Columbus Circle subway station, a major subway stop with many intersecting lines, is right across the street! It's across the street from the Time Warner Center for high-end shopping. All this, plus the low rate, adds up to a perfect New York hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel- needed desk in room and the breakfast options can be improved.	Great Location, beautiful room, however it needed a desk to work on.The breakfast is served in the Japanese restaurant and was not at the standard that I expected.	
Oct 6 2009 	Beware of their booking system!	I recently stayed in New York and had originally booked this hotel going by some of the reviews on here, but still a bit sceptical about the room size. This was a personal trip, but I was hoping to use the hotel and add it to my list for accommodating my business clients and staff. Anyway, about a week before my stay I found a much better deal so decided to cancel the booking. I rang the hotel from the airport on way to another trip and everything was sorted (or I so I thought..).I got back after my stay to find an email thanking me for my stay, and asking me to fill in a questionnaire! I checked my credit card and sure enough I've been charged $290 for the first night. So I email the hotel was told blankly that I would not be refunded because I didn't keep the cancellation number (who the hell keeps these anyway). I expected the hotel to send me an email confirming my cancellation but nothing arrived. Like I said I was at the airport and wouldn't be able to check until I returned.So if you have to stay there be careful when making your booking. Who knows what the dodgy booking system might do!Whilst in NY I called into the hotel after reading about the sushi restaurant, obviously before I found that I'd been ripped off. It was very overpriced and there is a much nicer sushi bar a few doors away. The hotel is not actually on Columbus Circle at all, but a side street, and the view is of the back of a high-rise shopping centre. And it's more than a walk to Time Square. There's much better to be had in NY and in the other hotel I had a room on the 37th floor with a view of the Empire State Building for less money.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great location contemporary interior design	Me and my boyfriend have stayed in a standard queen room for two nights. Rooms were well decorated in a contemporary minimalist style with great artwork on the walls. The size of the room is not big, but standard for NY. Room itself was very clean, designer toiletries in the bathroom. Pity they didn't have a trash can in the room, only in bathroom. I wish they could improve on the lighting, it was a bit dark. We found location very convenient, right next to subway and huge shopping center with Whole Foods, where we got our breakfast. There was a sushi restaurant downstairs which looked very good and very busy every night. Cabs were easy to catch right next to the hotel. Staff was very polite and helpful, as well as good looking. Overall, we enjoyed our stay.	
Sep 8 2009 	Good Hotel - Extremely Friendly Staff	This is a good hotel in a great location with extremely friendly and helpful staff. I wouldn't t think that would make a difference but it does. The hotel staff definitely make this place worth a try.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good hotel but.....	My husband booked this hotel in Jan 09 for my 50th birthday in Aug, he booked a queen superior &amp; also put on the booking form that it was for a &quot;special birthday&quot; and could we have a room with a nice view. When we arrived we were allocated room 79-it was the SMALLEST room I have even seen, and looking out of the very small window the only view was of a very large white soil pipe running down the middle of the window, when I challenged the porter as to what grade of room it was, he said it was a &quot;pod&quot; room, we explained that we had booked a queen superior he suddenly changed his mind and said yes it was a queen superior! We did get moved to a better room after complaining to the front desk (still no nice view and certainly no up grade, as lots of other people seemed to get in the reviews) In the 4 days we were there only 1 of the 2 elevators worked &amp; we were on the 7th floor. Apart from the above the hotel is in a great location and was clean &amp; tidy. We felt the hotel was all style &amp; no substance, it all looks very classy on the web site.	
Aug 16 2009 	Trendy but nice...	I was persuaded to stay here by my boss instead of the Parker Meridien as she counts it as one of her favorite hotels in NYC. I came for meetings and stayed for the weekend with my partner. I thought this was a charming hotel with well-chosen decor and amenities - from the mid-century furniture in the lobby to the fur-covered walls of the elevators. My room was cozy with teak walls, great magazines, a small free-standing wardrobe and blue-tiled bathroom complete with Kiehls bath products. The location is right across the TimeWarner Center (and Columbus Circle subway stop). Time Square is a few blocks away, as well as some great restaurants. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Still Doing Well	I first stayed at 6 Columbus in November of 2007 not too long after it opened and enjoyed it very much. Since then I have had occasion to return to it a few times but haven't entered a review, so thought I would provide current thoughts. My most recent stay was from July 1-4 this year. Virtually all of my bookings there have been through Quikbook for under $200 a night in a Pod or Queen room. I don't spend much time in my Manhattan hotel rooms outside of sleeping, so I'm pretty easy to please on things like having enough space to swing a cat and tend to focus more on things like a comfortable bed, overall cleanliness, a quiet place to put your head down and a clean and functional bathroom. 6 Columbus has never disappointed on any of these fronts on any stay. It has, quite simply, become my hotel of choice in Manhattan.I can't say enough about the location - Time Warner shops, restaurants and bars and one Bkn-Brx subway stop literally right across the street, a Bkn-Qns subway stop around the corner, and Central Park as close as you can get for the money. I'm not such a lover of cities that I can do without green space so while I might go shopping in Soho, I ain't staying there. The hotel's own bar is a nice place to gather troops before starting out or for a nightcap.Staff continues to be helpful, and I've had only one negative check-in experience in the nature of no room being available when I arrived and the 15 promised minutes becoming 45, but this is definitely the exception.There's nothing yet that has been serious enough to send me elsewhere.	
Jun 24 2009 	Fundamentally unacceptable	6 Columbus was disappointing during my recent two-week stay. I travel as a consultant to non-profits, and my clients understandably want to keep hotel expenses reasonable, which 6 Columbus's rates do accomplish. I am content with a hotel that falls far short of luxury, but 6 Columbus did not meet basic needs. The rooms are small, including &quot;suites,&quot; which, surprisingly, are not really suites but rather single rooms like all others. My room reminded me of a college dorm room. It had no closet but did have a small armoire, regrettably not deep enough to hold a clothes hanger back to front, and wide enough to hold very few shirts or suits. Inquiring at the front desk, I was alerted that two cupboards were built into one side of the base of the bed, which I had not seen since a duvet hung over them. This helped, but it meant I had to get on my knees to retrieve anything. I was a single traveler; I cannot imagine how more than one person could negotiate this room. Of course the hotel finds plenty of space for its in-room mini-bar, food, and souvenir concessions. That duvet, by the way, was not clean (showing organic remnants of a previous guest), and was finally laundered or replaced on the fourth day, despite my earlier requests. The duvet is the only bed-covering: there's no sheet, so you sleep under the duvet (which, for me, became unbearably hot) or nothing. I soon realized this was not such a bad thing. Because the noise level is high (especially from staff in the hallways--and I was not even near the elevator), the only effective strategy is to turn the AC way down so it runs as much as possible to drown out the noise at night, and then it's so cold in the room that the duvet is perfect. A large roach or water-bug ground into the carpet remained for several days after my arrival (and impossible to miss) until I forced the cleaning person to deal with it as I stood by and watched. The cleaning staff was invariably pleasant; one day, however, I returned to the room at 5 in the afternoon to find them just starting on my room, which was inconvenient. The room telephone received calls, but I could not dial out or retrieve messages that were left (though they announced their presence through the blinking light). A manager came to the room to try to fix it and confessed that the hotel's whole phone system was &quot;a total mess.&quot; In two weeks the phone was never fixed. One night I called the front desk, via my cell phone, to arrange an early wake-up call the next morning and the call arrived as requested. The next morning after that someone from the staff banged on my door at the same early hour, shouting that this was my wake-up call but my phone wasn't working. (Unfortunately, that was to have been my sleep-in day.) Room was quite dark, even with all the lights on full, as the window gave on to a deep air-shaft that let in little light. Bathroom was to the usual small-hotel standard. Hallways are very narrow and are made more difficult to navigate by room-service trays, which spend entire days without being collected. Sometimes these sit in stairwells, which must surely be a safety violation. The in-room information book says they deliver the NY Times every morning, but instead they delivered the NY Post, an entirely different species of newspaper. I pointed this out at the front desk, and although the staff-person seemed not to grasp what I was saying, they did deliver the Times (along with the Post) the next day and most days thereafter. Front-desk staff was generally cold and unhelpful. Concierge was pleasant and doormen were eager and cheerful. Entry hallway leading from lobby to elevators is kept very dark (sexy and mysterious, I guess) but I found it impossible to see when entering from the brightness of the street (often via a small homeless encampment outside) and guests were forever colliding with each other in that dark hallway. 6 Columbus cultivates a chic and high-attitude veneer but does not address the essentials of what a hotel must minimally provide. Internet is $10 per day; I might expect a hotel that tries to trade in trendiness would offer it for free, as so many now do. They do respond somewhat to nudging. Still, for a two-week stay it grew depressing, and I cannot recommend this hotel.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fabulous Upgrade and Great stay in a good NY location	Arrived Tuesday 16th for a 3 night stay, I had booked what i thought was a good deal via Quickbook for a studio suite worked out at $203+taxes, i was to very pleasantly suprised to be upgraded to a huge duplex loft suite that had great view over Time Warner.Room had two flat screen TV's, great shower and bathroom facilities,very comfy bed and pillows and a great fridge and freezer with Microwave and hob if you need it.So great start to a good break.The Location for uptown is superb, MTA just cross over the road, only a few minutes to walk to Central park and 5-10 minutes across to 5th Avenue and it's many and numerous shops.Whole foods in the basement of Time Warner building just across the road is good to buy grocery for breakfast.Hotel staff were very friendly, and kept good humour in some very unseasonal wet weather in New York, good recommendation for lunch from staffReally enjoyed my stay at 6 Columbus and would be very happy to return	
Jun 20 2009 	Hmmm does boutique have to have attitude?	We booked via quikbook for a 3 night stay in June. The quikbook add said free upgrade. So upon arrival (at around 1630 check in from 1500), we were told (tersely to say the least) that 1. no room was ready, there would be a 15 minute wait and 2. there were no upgrades as they hotel was full.We waited (no apology or drink/anything offered) patiently, for about 20 minutes and finally feeling pretty ignored we questioned whether our room was ready. &quot;Don't know&quot; came the reply &quot;the hotel is full you know!&quot;. Since when has a hotel been full been the guests fault!!!! Huffily we are given an upgrade (amazing since the hotel was full!!!! presumably someone who was late got downgraded then?).Only complaint about the room was that the view was of a grotty back of an apartment block (but then we weren't expecting a panaroma!). Beds were very comfy.On the plus the location is great. The reception and attitude we got on arrival really soured things for us. I wouldn't stay again unless it was an exceptionally good deal.	
Jun 11 2009 	great location	I got a great deal on Priceline for $130.00 a night. It was very clean and nicely designed. Rooms are small, but who spends time in their room in NYC? Heated bathroom floors were a great plus, as were the Kiehl's products. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The best thing that this hotel is its location. It is located literally right next to a subway stop - 1, A, B, C, D. The hotel restaurant, Blue Ribbon, has very good sushi.	
Jun 9 2009 	Bait and Switch ...	First off, let me tell you that my husband and I have spent hundreds of hours and thousands of dollars in the Hollywood Roosevelt over the past several years. We lived in Hollywood during most of that time, and we encouraged many, many of our friends to stay there while visiting us in LA. We also spent several NYE's and multiple Memorial/Labor Days with you. Since we moved from LA, we chose you to stay when business brought us back to LA. We LOVE the Roosevelt Hotel!!!! We have always been treated with the utmost respect and, in fact, were recently upgraded when we checked in for a 1-night stay in 11/08.Based on this love, we booked the Six Columbus via a travel agent to celebrate my husband's 39th birthday this past weekend, for a studio suite at the rate of $220/nt. Although there were cheaper rooms available at your hotel, we decided to spend a bit more since it was my husband's birthday. We were so sorely disappointed that I must bring it to your attention in the hope that it will be addressed. We arrived in NYC at approx 4 pm on Wed June 3rd, 2009, and travelled to the Six Columbus, which took approx 1.5 hrs by the time we got our luggage. Our plan was to check in, freshen up and then meet up with friends for a dinner reservation at the Gramercy Park (Rose Room) for dinner at 7:30 pm. When we arrived we were informed that the front staff already knew about Dean's birthday, and that we were being checked into room 111, &quot;a very nice room.&quot; When the bellman took us up to the room, we were disappointed to discover that the room was not in any way a &quot;suite&quot;, but a regular (albeit nice) hotel room. We contacted the front desk, and the person assured us that the room was in fact a &quot;studio suite&quot; even though there was no suite area whatsoever, and the room did not match the room photos displayed on the website we had booked through (www. newyorkluxuryhotels.com). Even the bellman who brought our bags confirmed that the room was not considered a &quot;studio suite&quot; but a king superior room. We felt hustled - our first and stereotypical experience of NYC.We contacted the travel agent with whom we had booked, and that agent began the process of straightening things out, and ultimately relocating us to another hotel. All the while, time marched on as we attempted to solve our problem ON MY HUSBAND'S BIRTHDAY in the hope of making a timely dinner reservation in NYC. In the interim, the (lovely) bellman came up and informed us that the manager, Costas, had &quot;upgraded&quot; us to a king suite. The bellman took us down to room 20, which was the EXACT picture on the website depicted on that site of the studio suite that we had booked (as well as the king suite on that site). Unfortunately, the room was on the second floor directly overlooking the street, and EXTREMELY NOISY. Because we knew that we were being jerked around, and that this room was not an &quot;upgrade&quot; but the original room that we were promised, we protested. By now we had lost any chance we had of making our reservation at the Gramercy Park for dinner, and we were still dealing with our room situation. My husband went down to discuss the situation with the manager, &quot;Costas&quot;, and came up fuming with the comment that he should have known he was going to be hustled by a Greek (my husband is himself Greek - in fact we were married in Santorini, Greece). Extremely disappointing start to our NYC trip, and we did in fact miss our dinner reservation at Gramercy, which could not be rescheduled due to how busy they were that night. Basically, my husband;'s birthday celebration with friends was ruined thanks to &quot;Costas&quot; at the Six Columbus.The next day, thankfully, we moved to the Smyth Tribeca. Now THIS IS A HOTEL that knows about service!! We were treated with courtesy and respect, and the hotel was great! Too bad that one of our four nights in NYC was ruined.	
May 29 2009 	Great hotel great location	We booked a queen superior room for 6 nights and were upgraded to a queen deluxe at check in. The room was a good size for New York and to a good standard. Staff were excellant and very friendly, we really couldn't fault anything about the hotel during our stay. The hotel is right at the edge of Central Park and in a very good location for visiting the rest of Manhatten. Prices seemed to change quite a bit before we booked and we got an excellant rate on the hotel website. The hotel is very close to Whole Foods in the Time Warner building which was brilliant for a wide range of good food. Would definitely stay there again.	
May 17 2009 	Great hotel excellent location extremelly friendlly staff	We stayed in this hotel 5 nights as part of our honeymoon and we had one of our best times in NYC. Usually NYC hotels offer either small and old rooms, or big and old rooms. This case was totally new and refreshing. The 6 Columbus is a small boutique hotel in the middle of Manhattan offering modern and comfortable rooms, combined with friendlly and professional staff. The first thing we liked about the hotel is that, as honeymooners, they upgraded our room to a Studio Suite. We got a room on the 10th floor. It was a spacious room, with a big bathroom full of &quot;goodies&quot;. I must say that the bed is one of the best I've ever slept on. The area is excellent. The nearest subway is across the street, the park is two minutes away and you have lots of shops and places to eat in the vecinity. For all the sushi lovers I recommend the Blue Ribbon restaurant on the hotel, excellent sushi, friendlly and non-pretentious.Resuming, if you are looking for a nice boutique hotel in midtown Manhattan, this is definately your place. The prices are attractive and the return is more than enough. We are definatelly looking forward to visiting this hotel again.The only negative thing I can think about is that the internet was not free...	
May 10 2009 	Great Location would stay again	We recently stayed at 6 Columbus for two nights as part of a three week NYC stay where we changed hotels a few times to experience different neighbourhoods. Our first impression was that the front desk were not too friendly, however the doormen were extremely friendly. On check in we were given a room on the 2nd floor, (243 i think?) and it was pretty much what you see on the internet pictures. Nice retro style, but small room, if that was a queen bed then i'm the queen of england! it was barely a double i think. Bathroom was nice with good keihls ammenities....however we didn't stay in this room long, we had a shower straight away as we'd just come in from DC on the train, and immediately realised the noise of the air con unit outside was absolutely insane! It was a constant hum and every five mins it would 'kick into gear' and go up to a dull roar! We both said, 'we can't stay in this room' so went down and asked to be swapped, they had a room on the 8th floor available which was nowhere near as noisy so we took that one, even though it had a slightly strange smell about it-i think perhaps a weird air freshener? Room 845 (i think) was a bit bigger as well, and also had a window you could look out not a frosted glass window where i felt a bit claustrophobic like in the 2nd floor room!Staff were helpful, we asked one of the doormen for a dinner reccommendation and it was good, didn't eat at the hotel restaurant so can't comment on that.Loved the location right opposite the Time Warner building with Whole Foods in the basement which we patronised for breakfast, lunch and snacks, the subway is also right there too which is handy. We walked to 9th ave where there are many great restaurants and it was only about 7mins walk which was great. Would definitely stay here again and make sure i get a high floor room, we had a Queen deluxe i think and we got what i thought was a great rate on quikbook. Note: take the elevator up to the roof deck and take some photos from up there, we got some great shots, if they ever get the bar open up there it will be an excellent spot.	
Apr 29 2009 	Loved it! Spacious studio suite friendly staff great location...	We were staying for four nights and booked on QuikBooks - it worked out at 4 nights for the price of 3, average of $224 per night. We stayed in a studio suite on the 11th floor. Friends of ours stayed on the 10th floor in a studio suite.The suite was very spacious with lots . Bathroom had a great walk-in shower with great water pressure, and also a bath which I personally love. An oddity about the bathroom is clear glass in the window. Room had a wooden floor which I liked and the bed was large and comfortable, and there was lots of storage space. On the downside, air conditioning was noisy at times, and sound travelled from other rooms. The suite on the 10th floor was more compact, didn't have the walk-in shower, but had a fantastic balcony space (although a chair or two would have been nice). Given the hot weather, this was a great place to relax, especially in the evening.The bar and restaurant wasn't to my taste as I'm not into Japanese food - but it was busy most nights and the food looked like a work of art. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful to us at all times although they seemed a little clueless with how to deal with a guest that had her handbag stolen from the Starbucks next door - there was no advice on hand and the distraught guest had to try to think of all the things that had to be done herself from ringing the consultate to cancelling the credit cards to informing the police.Internet at $10 per day is expensive especially since it was wireless and there is no free access in the lobby.Overall, we loved it and we'd certainly stay there again.	
Apr 25 2009 	Perfect Location Small Rooms Great Price	I was vising a friend on the UES, &amp; didn't want to pay outrageous room rates. The location is perfect, as it's behind the Time Warner Bldg, on the lower left hand corner of Central Park.Good: There's a subway station across the street, &amp; plenty of taxis. I opted for the &quot;Pod Room&quot; as I was only there for 1 night, and didn't care much about view. The room was smaller then rooms I've had in Paris...though it was very nice. The shower was impressive, as most hotels don't have that much water pressure.Bad: The &quot;Pod Room&quot; is that it's view is of a inaccessible courtyard...which has a large HVAC pipe running up the center of it. During the night you hear Banshee like howls as this kicks on/off. If your intolerant of &quot;white noise&quot; you won't like the loud blowing of the AC into your room.(I quite liked it). The iPod alarm clock has a backlit LCD which is very bright. (other then unplugging it, I couldn't figure out how to turn it off).	
Apr 22 2009 	A disappointment!	We selected this hotel because of a prior stay at the beautiful and luxurious 60 Thompson, another hotel in this hotel group. 6 Columbus was a big disappointment because the room king size room was small and dark, the carpet was worn, and the furniture was run down. The veneer of the dresser was peeling and the furniture looked as if it had been purchased at an inexpensive second hand shop. The plus was a nice bathroom and the shower had good water pressure. A big negative was the food smells that pervaded the hallway and the room--something that I was unpleasantly aware of throughout the stay. The bell staff is helpful and friendly, but the day manager was markedly unimpressed with my dissatisfaction about the quality of the room and the food smells. We would not stay there again, despite the good location.	
Apr 19 2009 	my new favorite hotel in NYC	Yes, the rooms are small. but really is that much different than most other rooms in nyc? The pros of this hotel are great - (location to CP, subway, CNN mall, wholefoods, starbucks, great price from website) - but what really makes this place great is the staff. Every staff I've encountered (this was now my second time here) goes out of there way to be friendly, helpful and to remember you by name and preferences. I'll be back again on my next biz trip to NYC!!	
Apr 18 2009	Nice hotel some issues	Booked a queen room through Quikbooks. I was grateful to check in early since I had just flown in on the red eye. Staff were cordial and helpful. Room was a good size and stylish. Bed was comfy. Found a couple of short hairs pinned to the undersheet of the comforter. I'm pretty sure the sheets were clean for the most part, since the staff inspected the room before they allowed me to check in. Rarely heard any noise from other guests, except when they shut their doors. To lock the door there's really no way to shut it softly. Housekeeping sometimes chatted loudly in the hallway, and they start knocking loudly on doors around 8.30 am to clean the rooms. Bathroom was large. Bathtub drained slowly. Had to turn off the water to let the water drain, before turning it back on. The tub finally clogged up on the last day of my stay. At check-out, hotel tried to charge me $2.75 for the mini-bar, even though I didn't use it. I thought it was a fridge for my personal use. I explained this and they promptly removed the charge. Despite the negatives, I did enjoy my stay. I feel I got a good deal on the room (I've stayed at the Hotel East Houston, which was advertised at a similar price, but not nearly as nice). The hotel is conveniently across the street from metro station and shopping. Nearby coffee shops were okay. Preferred Whole Foods across the street for better prices and better tasting food than places nearby. Bouchon Bakery, in the same complex as Whole Foods, makes very good macarroons.	
Apr 12 2009 	Does trendy have to mean dim?	The things that I liked about 6 Columbus include the great location and the great online deal that I got from the hotel's website. I especially loved the discovery of Wholefoods right across the road in Columbus Circle shops - best place for breakfast and snacks.I love the atmosphere of the hotel - very hip and trendy, but I really don't understand why this seems to mean that everything has be kept in semi darkness. Putting on make up in a dimly lit bathroom is a nightmare, and the bedroom itself is little better.Things that I didn't like (other than groping in the dark) are that the room is seriously small with no room for big bags for travellers in the middle of a big trip, and the in room internet is very expensive.There was also an inidentified loud hum that went on all night - possibly a heater or aircon unit outside - either way it had us shopping for earplugs.	
Apr 9 2009 	Excellent service with a smile	This hotel was great for a number of reasons. One of the first things we noticed was the friendliness of the staff. Everyone was so helpful. Because we arrived early in the morning our room was not ready, however, they called us on our cell phone as soon as it was available. They were very helpful with restaurant suggestions. Great staff! Perfect location-right by Central Park; subway across the street; Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts just around the corner; 24 hour pharmacy at the corner; great breakfast spot just up the street. Shower was great and room was small, but clean. We didn't spend a lot of time there anyway so it didn't matter. Only complaint was that they didn't offer shower caps in the bathroom. Price was very reasonable compared to other N.Y. hotels.	
Mar 24 2009 	Very central next to Central Park	We stay 5 nights in the Pod room with a double bed and we found it very roomy with a nice large bathroom. This room is much larger than the regular one at Hudson hotel where 2 persons can barely walk around the bed or fit in the bathroom. I like the room design very much. The double bed is very adequate for 2 medium build persons. Kiehl’s amenities are a plus and the heated bathroom floor is a nice touch. The bed is almost as comfortable as the heavenly bed from the Westin hotels with build-in drawer in the bed frame for additional storage space. The location of this hotel is perfect for us as we came here for the opera at the MET at the Lincoln Center (less than 5 minutes walk) and the Central Park is just across. In front of the hotel is the Time Warner Center which blocks all the traffic noise. The Columbus circle subway is in the Time Warner Center where all the major line connected. We have breakfast at the organic Whole Foods Market in the Time Warner Center where they sell food by weight, so you only pay what you want to eat. You can have excellent meal here (hot/cold) when you are in rush before the opera. The Starbuck is next door to the hotel for caffeine addicted. The staff is super nice. It is a super deal at 120$ in New York City!!! On the down side, the curtain cannot be close tightly, the room door needs a stopper to avoid the banging when it is close, especially at night and the walls are a little thin. But this should not stop you from reserve at this hotel. If you hate morning light, binder clips should solve your problem.	
Mar 23 2009 	Thin walls = no sleep	Small rooms were dimly lit. Super thin walls I could hear every noise/shower/music/conversation that were taking place in the adjacent rooms. There was a party taking place on my floor that wasn't moved till early in the morning so basically I didn't get any sleep and it totally ruined the next day for me. The only pluses were that the rooms were clean, staff is nice, I got a cheap rate using quikbook, and the location.	
Mar 17 2009 	Small rooms doesn't begin to describe it	An otherwise acceptable stay (5 nights) degraded by a room (allegedly the largest and clearly the highest price offered short of a suite) in which we couldn't sit down, except on the bed, even to work at the desk. One chair was offered, in a dimly lit vestibule. Otherwise there was literally no room to move. Closet space was a free-standing wardrobe with barely a foot of hanging space. Storage space was a drawer under the bed. Plumbing noises from adjacent rooms were noticeable and from time to time (especially during neighbors' showers) loud. I accept that space is at a premium in New York, but this is absurd. On the plus side, such as it was, it's convenient to Lincoln Center, pleasant and helpful staff and a good restaurant (Blue Ribbon) with excellent sushi. If you plan to spend any time in your room, look elsewhere.	
Mar 1 2009 	Exceptional Service and Value	My wife and I stayed at 6 Columbus during a random weekend in New York this February. We found 6 Columbus through Tripadvisor and were encouraged by its ranking (#128 as of this writing). In short, we were not disappointed with our choice, as it turned out to be anf extraordinary value for a NYC hotel!First off, a caveat about the location for this hotel for people not familiar with NYC. It's located right off Columbus Circle, a good 20 minute walk from Times Square. This wasn't a deal breaker by any means, however, and the Columbus Circle Subway stop is right near the hotel anyway. A Taxi ride right into the heart of Times Square was a measly $3.50, as well.Upon arrival, the doors were opened for us and we were greeted with a smile and a polite welcome by everyone in the modern-decor lobby - a great way to start a stay. Check in was a non-issue and we quickly found ourselves in one of the animal hide (fake)-lined elevators going to our room on the 9th Floor (there are 12 floors of rooms with two floors above that).We opened the door to our Queen Deluxe room and found a warmly lit, intimately sized room with a modern twist. Dark Teak floors are throughout the the main room, and you have amenities such as a Flat-screen LCD TV, mini-fridge, safe, bathrobe, iron/ironing board, iPod Alarm Clock and one of the most comfortable hotel beds we've ever slept on! The brown teak headboard for the bed spanned the entire length of the wall behind us, but stopped short from the ceiling by about 6-8 inches. This space hid a recessed light that lent a nice, indirect glow to the room when on.The bathroom seems light standard fare, but is very clean and boasts an interesting extra feature - heated floors! What a treat to not step onto a cold tile floor after a nice, hot shower.After settling into our room, we made our way downstairs where we found Eric the Concierge. He was perhaps one of the most helpful and knowledgeable concierges we've ever had the pleasure of meeting. He helped us with everything from our dinner plans to making reservations for us at a comedy club he recommended. Definitely a great resource to have when in NYC - even if you consider yourself knowledgeable.We had lunch at the Hotel's Blue Ribbon restaurant (Japanese) and found it about average and maybe a tad overpriced - quite contrary to the hotel. Mind you, there was nothing wrong with the Sushi we ordered, but it wasn't anything to write home about and the service was impersonal but prompt. I would say it's convenient, but you have better choices literally right across the street in the Time-Warner Building. One other note about the hotel - bring your own computer, as they do not have a business center. Overall, 6 Columbus was an excellent value, and I would highly recommend it as a great hotel outside of Times Square.	
Feb 11 2009 	Fantastic Find In The City	Where can you stay in New York where the staff knows you by name after the first day? Wonderful location near theatre, shopping and park. Rooms very nice and staff the best in New York. Great Value. Can't wait to visit again.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great great location -- tiny tiny room	We stayed at the hotel for two nights. Terrific location. It's just across the street from the subway &amp; there's a great international newstand around the corner. For those who indulge in Starbucks, there's one right next to the hotel. Our room was really small. The queen-size bed felt more like a twin. The room was clean but not smartly designed. There's a great big flat screen TV -- but no hooks for your coat. The bathroom floor was heated -- but there's virtually no closet space. Great shelves for magazines -- but very little drawer space. Talk about priorities all mixed up!Overall, our stay was pleasant &amp; the staff was pleasant. The price was right too.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great Rate made a Great Hotel	We stayed at the 6 Columbus for 5 nights at the end of Jan 2009. We got a superb rate through Quikbook, which made this hotel very affordable. I booked a Queen superior, as i had been informed that the pod rooms were very small. If i was indeed given a queen room, then those pod rooms must be a broom cupboard. Having said that the room was more than adequate for the 2 of us, as we did not intend to spend a lot of time in the room anyway. The only downside to the size of the room, was lack of storage for clothes, and given that it was winter we had a lot of bulky clothes, but we managed.The room was on the 5th floor at the back of the hotel, with a nice view of the shaft, but didn't think this mattered as I wasn't going to spend my time looking out of the window.The under floor heating in the bathroom was indeed a nice touch, as other's have mentioned, but couldn't quite work out how it worked. The shower was great - powerful &amp; hot! The only downside of the bathroom was the miniscule towels - no good for wrapping up wet hair! The mini bar was packed full, but didn't try anything as there is a Duane Reade next door. Service at the hotel was very good, very attentative door staff, and it was nice to receive a plate of cookies half way through our stay. The bar staff where also very pleasant in the Blue Ribbon bar &amp; restaurant (we did not eat there). The cleaning staff where a little noisy in the mornings, but really we should have been up and seeing the sights anyway.This hotel is in a great location, right opposite the subway, and over the way from Central Park, a few nice bars &amp; restaurants nearby. I would definitely recommend this hotel, but only if you can get a great rate, as otherwise i think it is quite pricey.	
Feb 3 2009 	Mixed	I have to differ with most of the reviews I've read. Maybe it's a generation thing. Yes, the staff are fine: very helpful. And the place is clean. But: why is it that so many &quot;4 star&quot; hotels in NYC give you less than a Holiday Inn and charge you much more money? No coffee in the room. No free WiFi. No ironing board/iron. Three big marks against the place in my book. And the NYC-tiny rooms. Not as bad as the Hudson down the street, but still: no place to sit and relax, read a book, etc. And the decor. Yikes! Dark blue hallways; elevator walls covered in faux black fur with industrial metal accents. I felt like I was entering a dungeon. But it's a fabulous location. The bed was OK, the soaps were nice, and it was quiet. But then again, I booked with Priceline, so my window faced an brick wall, not the street.	
Feb 2 2009	Rip off rate for international phone calls! Don't stay here!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks and we are from Hong Kong. So making a few international phone calls back home was necessary. After staying at the hotel for a few days and making just a few phone calls (literally less than 5 or 6 calls got thru the line and none of our calls were more than 10 minutes each), I asked the concierge how much our phone bill was. Guess what? 6 Columbus charged me more than US$500+ for just a few phone calls!!! They explained that international phone calls cost US$10 per minute. This rate was absolutely ridiculous and the manager blamed us by saying that why didn't we check out the rate in the little book stored in our desk b4 we make the calls. After speaking the manager, we checked out the booklet and it actually didn't set out the rate at all but just mentioned that guests should ask the concierge for the exact rate for making international phone calls. It just didn't make sense to us at all. How could you justify charging the guest US$10 per minute? My 5 minute phone call to a friend asking a few questions cost me US$50+!!!! Completely ridiculous. WE WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ANY INTERNATIONAL GUEST TO STAY AT 6 COLUMBUS. It's a complete rip off, given that the economy is so poor in the US. Such ridiculous charging rate is totally unacceptable. And the worse thing was, they refuse to do anything about it at all!!!!!!!!! Our original impression of the hotel was actually pretty good, given the location and the hotel rate and all that. But with the rip off phone rates, i guess that's how the hotels make profit!!! We are going to tell all our friends NOT to stay here if anyone goes to NYC. Completely disappointed!!!!!!	
Jan 23 2009 	Beauty Brains and Brawn. Must Read review!	My Monday (MLK Holiday) overnight accommodations at 6 Columbus far exceeded my expectations. I was greeted by the Doorman as I entered and again by the host of Blue Ribbon Sushi &amp; Grill. The staff at the front desk were delightful, especially Adrianna! My reservation for a Pod room was gleefully upgraded to a suite, room 103 on the tenth floor. The lobby is small but neatly furnished with a long modern sofa and bright round club chairs. Neat artist’s prints hung on the wall, low lighting down the hallway of the elevators. The elevators are modern. I stepped into a blue hallway with Thompson Hotels signature carpet. I felt like I was in a residential apartment building with my room number glowing bright. My room key was tucked into a designer 6 Columbus packet.I entered into an oversized, modern, thoughtfully designed room. Large platform bed, Frette Linens and robe, 2 modern side chairs and table and flat screen television and black and white cabinet with mini bar, Dean &amp; Deluca snack tray and available shag kit.Luxurious drapes hide French doors which lead to a giant balcony; behind frosted doors were a large walk in closet and gorgeous bathroom. Another window looking towards 58th street was tucked in an angled corner, beautifully shaded silver floor lamp.No carpet! All hardwood floors and allergy-free including the teak headboard. Wall pockets containing glossy design and fashion magazines. 2 bendable reading lamps.A blue throw, white duvet, striped pillow and drapes were all made of the finest quality luxury material. The bathroom was a standout with navy vertical subway tiles, under mounted sink, private loo area, free standing two person shower, large deep soaking tub with its own shower. High end bath toiletries from Kiehl’s, thoughtful extras like cotton balls and swabs, fluffy white towels and a giant round magnifying mirror under lit in blue. Located in the lobby is Blue Ribbon Sushi &amp; Grill, always open extra late and welcoming to my late arrival. Located directly across the street from 6 Columbus is the Time Warner Center, a luxury shopping venue. Close to subways, Columbus Circle and Central Park made 6 Columbus a Thompson Hotel to be envied by all Manhattan boutique Hotels.Yes, I will stay there again. Thank you 6 Columbus.	
Jan 21 2009 	Amazing Stay (And yes the doormen are hot!)	I booked the hotel through Quickbook at a rate of $127 for Fri/Sat and $90 for Sun. There were no problems with the booking, and I would throughly recommend Quikbook as a third party agent.Upon checkin I was given a free upgrade from standard queen to supeior (or deluxe - not sure which it is). The doormen make you feel very special, and could not do more to help. (As others have said they are all pretty hot too!!) :) I didn't really find the noise of the aircon too loud, the view was of some non-descript building and some shafts, but that didn't bother me. The only minor negatives I can think of (and I'm having to think hard) were that the ipod docking station wasn't dusted down and the bed frame sticks out a little, so I banged my leg a few times! For the rate I got, these are such small things that it really means nothing compared to the fantastic service, and great clean rooms at the 6 Columbus. Location, quality and genuine warmth and hospitality from the staff here makes this place exactly what it is: a PERFECT little hotel for any traveller to New York City.	
Jan 14 2009	Terrific stay at 6 Columbus	My friend and I got an amazing rate at 6 Columbus through Quikbook for January 9-12 ($127 for Fri-Sat, $90 for Sunday). We had an excellent stay from the moment we walked through the doors and the very friendly doorman took our bags and welcomed us. All the staff were kind and helpful, providing excellent service.Without asking, our room was upgraded free of charge to a queen deluxe with two beds, which was perfect. The room was spotless, and housekeeping brought us a second robe and non-feather pillows for my friend, who is allergic. The bed platforms are a bit of a nuisance, but not a big deal. Our biggest complaint was probably that the ice bucket, while very stylish, was quite shallow and not really functional. Clearly I'm really nitpicking here!I've seen comments complaining about the loud heating/air system, and it is indeed loud. However, if you're like me and my friend and you need white noise to sleep, it's perfect. The beds are also very, very comfortable and we both slept like babies.The hotel location is perfect. Right by the subway, a Subway sandwich shop, Starbucks, and a Whole Foods in the Time Warner Center across the street. Easy walk to Central Park and the theatre district, and when we were in a rush to make a show, the cab down cost $4 and took five minutes. While I wouldn't want to spend $500+ a night at 6 Columbus (or anywhere, for that matter), I definitely recommend the hotel. We had a great stay, and even received a hug from the doorman when we left. It was a terrific weekend.	
Jan 6 2009 	Exceptional Staff - Wonderful PLace	Let's start with the only &quot;negative&quot;. My room was small. But everything needed was provided in a well-designed and aesthetically pleasing space. The bed, linens and towels added to a feeling of luxury and style.The staff was the real standout in an otherwise great experience. Every single individual working at the hotel took the time to greet me. Anyone that I addressed with a request, question or simply a &quot;hello&quot; responded warmly and wholeheartedly. Their friendliness (which was never anything but respectful) created the sense of having a home base in NYC and really added to the pleasure of my trip.	
Jan 5 2009 	Very friendly and stylish hotel in great location!	The best thing by far about 6 Columbus is the location. You are within walking distance to both the theater district and Lincoln Center, and you are close to many fine restaurants. The Columbus Circle subway stop is literally right across the street.The hotel itself is very modern, and although the lighting and decor were not quite to my taste, I must say that the staff was the friendliest I've encountered at a hotel in a long time. The room, while small, was spotless. Our only complaint would be that the heater seemed to just blow cold air around the room, so we ended up just turning it off and asking for another duvet. Actually, even with the heat off the room wasn't really all that cold.The heated bathroom floor was a really neat feature.We got a great rate through the hotel website, and we'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who's planning on attending a show or concert and doesn't need a whole lot of space.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed in the 6 Columbus Hotel for 5 nights in March 2008 for St Patrick's weekend. Overall it's a great hotel which I would recommend. The hotel is located opposite the Time Warner building just at the bottom of Central Park, we walked nearly everywhere, it was in such a convenienct location. The staff were very friendly and helpful, check in was fine, our room wasn't ready, but we were offered complimentary drinks in the hotel bar while we waited.We had booked a 'Pod' room, however on checking in we were advised we had been upgraded to the next biggest room. Accommodation was lovely, very modern, with plasma TV, ipod docking station and minibar. We got a complimentary paper everyday and the room was cleaned daily also. We didn't eat at all in the hotel, but the restaurant always looked busy and the hotel has a nice little bar for those apres shopping drinks!!All in all I would recommend this hotel. The rooms are quite small, but hey, this is New York city, you're there to shop and to party, not sit in your room all day. Special mention to all the gang next door in The Coliseum pub, hi guys!!	
Jan 4 2009 	Practically Perfect	Spent one night with family. We had two rooms. Both were upgraded, which gave us extra space (and room to hang out together), and fantastic value. Loved the style of the decor. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the sheets were TERRIFIC, and rooms were quiet (surprising to the two of us were are ex-Manhattanites!), etc. Our only complaint, if we were to have one, was that the sofabed in one of the rooms wasn't made up, which we didn't discover until we needed it (late), which entailed a short wait, improvised bedding, and making it up ourselves. (True, the &quot;turn-down&quot; staff had been by at about 6:00, but at that point, we were using the sofa as a sofa!) If you want to be near the Upper West Side and/or Theatre District and are looking for a luxurious, stylish place to stay, you'll be happy.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great New York hotel!	I have nothing but great things to say about this hotel! It is BEAUTIFUL! The staff are so friendly! We arrived at this hotel at 7 in the morning from an overseas flight, we were not expecting to check in to our room until at least noon, but we thought we would try anyways. Upon arrival...we found that the room we had booked was not available, but the receptionist offered to upgrade us to a junior suite(studio suite?) for an additional $100. I was very glad we did! This room was huge and gorgeous! We had a 600 square foot balcony, no breathtaking view, but what a surprise! The concierge was more than willing to reccommend places for dinner, and get our reservations for us for shows and dinner, as well as call towncars etc! A little tip goes a long way with these people, we even recieved a &quot;WOW!&quot; from one of the guys! After making a complete mess of our room before we went out to dinner, the housekeeping staff came in and reorganized it all! I was not expecting this, as it was 5 pm, and was actually a little bit embarassed by the state of our room! Just one of the things that added to our amazing stay at this hotel!I would definitely stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat!	
Nov 29 2008 	Great find in NYC	We just got back from an incredible trip to New York City and Philadelphia. We stayed 1 night at 6 Columbus in NYC and it couldn't have been better. The location is great if you don't want to be at Times Square and you don't want to go as far as the &quot;Upper West Side&quot;....this hotel is located in the middle of them. It is very close to the Trump and Mandarin Hotels. It is next door to a Starbucks &amp; across from large grocery store (Whole Foods?).Now for the hotel itself. Check in took only seconds. The hotel features a very cool decor with a great city vibe. We went for the cheap seats and got a Pod Room - which is a full size bed. The room is tiny but it is flawlessly designed to maximize space. Do be careful not to hit your leg on the bed corners ~ can be quite painful :) The bed was very comfortable and had crisp white bedding. I must admit, we are not a fan of down type pillows. There was a stocked refreshment case, but we did not use it. The flat panel t.v. was quite nice . The view from our window, well we had a lovely view of nothing, but we were not in NYC to look out our window. Now for the bathroom....I have to say I now want rip out my own bath and copy the one from 6 Columbus! The floor is heated ...don't underestimate how incredible this feature is. NYC at Thanksgiving is VERY cold and this floor feels fabulous on your frozen toes. There is a very cool tiled shower (no tub) and great bath products. They even thought to give you Q-tips and Cotton balls....a lovely touch. The bathroom sink is really beautiful too with a cool gooseneck style faucet. The towels smell great too ~ sound weird I know, but the towels aren't perfumey, they just have a nice fresh smell to them ~ very pleasant.The hotel staff was excellent and they had our luggage loaded in to a cab before we ever blinked...they make everything look easy here.I would highly recommend giving this hotel a try. If you are ever planning to visit the Macy's parade then this location would be terrific. You won't see it from your window, but you'll have total access in just steps....without the chaos of Times Square.	
Nov 24 2008 	Small chic hotel with excellent customer service	Recently returned from a 2 night stay at 6 Columbus. Very nice, small chic hotel in a great location central to everything. Stayed in a King Deluxe room with a very comfortable bed, &quot;cool&quot; decor with a nice flat screen tv on the wall. The entire hotel including the rooms are dimly lit which gave it a hip, night club-like atmosphere. The customer service was outstanding from start to finish. The doormen always welcomed you with a pleasant greeting, front desk staff were very friendly and courteous and check in and check out was fast and smooth. The front desk and doormen/staff communicate with wireless devices. As soon as I got there by cab the doorman opened the taxi door and asked me my name and quickly alerted the front desk via the device that I had arrived and they were totally prepared for me by the time I reached them. They even had the doormen have a cab waiting for me at the precise time I checked out and walked out the front door. Very well organized operation. The only thing I didn't like was the shower. The tile wasn't that clean and the shower head didn't work that well - no tub in the room. There was no iron in the room either. Overall, I reccommend this hotel for young singles who are looking for a cool, safe place to stay at reasonable rates.	
Nov 21 2008 	Stayed at this hotel in Sept 2008. Have visited NYC several times and have sta	Out of all the hotels we have stayed in, THIS one had the very be st location. Wonderful staff, quiet, nice bar-just great for 2 people!!! Subway, Whole Foods(great for carry out to hotel after a long day with a glass of wine)Time Warner Buidling with great shops and places to dine), CVS a couple of doors down for those items you forgot to bring, PLUS a Starbucks OR another(less expensive()coffee shop. Zabars is up the street, Central Park is across the street......just a great quiet oasis in a busycity. All hotels have a negative but this one has more +s than -s!Modern and clean, you feel as though you are in NYC. My friend and I are in our late 50s and we were very comfortable with this hotel Could not beat the price	
Nov 16 2008 	Small but lovely	My wife and I had a layover in NYC and decided to spend the night. The hotels was very clean and modern. All the people at front desk where very polite, friendly and helpful. I love the room. Yes it is very small but very well done. I've seen hotel try to cram too much into similar sized room but this is perfect. I will definetly stay there again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great location otherwise disappointing	We have just returned from 3 nights booked directly via hotel website which states Roof Top terrace, unfortunately, the terrace is closed until next year and consequently we found it difficult to find a seat at the already small bar area.The reception staff, housekeeping and door staff were friendly and helpful, although one couldn't help feeling they were looking for a tip.The price of $480 for a double room became $540 after 4 different taxes, despite luxurious decor, the view from the window of the building shaft led us to conclude this was an extortionate price and did not represent value for money.	
Nov 9 2008 	Small accomodations but overall nice	Awesome location for this modern, boutique hotel. Right across the street from Time Warner Center. The staff members at this hotel were fantastic - from the doormen, to the front desk - all seemed to work on the guest's behalf almost effortlessly. The room (superior queen) was fine for 2 adults but a bit small. The bathroom was modern and nice. We were on the 6th floor and our view was of the HVAC system - not surprising for NYC.The hotel was perfect for us. I would certainly stay here again and would highly recommend to my friends. I wouldn't recommend to someone expecting a large, full service (restaurants, gym, etc) hotel.	
Nov 8 2008 	Dark interier over rated hotel	A boutique hotel that tries way to hard. Dark over all feel. Cow skin panels in elevators and downstairs. Room 86 was $150. more then room 26, exactly the same size. Both have a view of the alley! If it had a park view maybe, but for the money it was riducuously overpriced. The elevator and our bathroom were sprayed many times with some sort of bug spray. It was disgusting! Truly wished we had stayed somewhere else.	
Nov 4 2008 	NIce Change of Pace	I usually stay at Marriott or other chain hotels, pricelined this one and wasnt sure what i was goin to get. I booked the hotel thru Priceline for $120/night. Hoping to get an upgrade. Standard room is a full size bed, 175sq ft. room. I called them up and they upgrade me for $60 more to a King Superior, usually $350/nite.The hotel has a great staff and quite accomodating. The location is not on Columbus Circle, but on 58th st. You walk out the door and Columbus Circle is less than a minute walk across the street. Overall it is a nice place, rooms little small, but you pay for location.	
Oct 23 2008 	Would definitely stay here again	We have just returned from our stay at 6 Columbus and our experience was very different to that of some of the other guests. We booked a Queen room for a reduced rate via the Quikbook website. The Quikbook site clearly stated that the room was for a maximum of 2 people. Upon arrival, it was clear that booking via Quikbook meant that you were given the smallest rooms in the hotel. There was no way that 2 people could stay comfortably in this Queen room.There was only 1 single wardrobe, no natural light, hardly any floor space around the bed and nowhere to store our 2 large suitcases. I spoke to Lula on the front desk and she went out of her way to ensure that we were happy with our accommodation. She showed me 2 other rooms which were much more suitable for couples and managed to offer us a larger Queen room at an extremely reasonable upgrade price. Throughout our stay, Lula made a point of checking that everything was ok with our room. With regards to the rest of the hotel we really couldn't fault it. All of the staff were extremely friendly particularly the doormen. We didn't try the restaurant but we did drink at the bar a few times and they even served sushi to us at the bar. My only gripe would be that the bar area is quite small with limited seating. The room we actually stayed in was a great size. The double wardrobe was more than adequate and there were large drawers under the bed also. The ipod docking station was a nice touch as were the Khiels toiletries in the bathroom and the free daily newspapers. The room temperature control took some getting used to but overall it served it's purpose and the underfloor heating in the bathroom was very welcme after a hard day's sightseeing. The bed was also very comfortable.Housekeeping did a great job at keeping the room immaculate and also turned down the bed every night leaving little treats on the duvet.In addition to the great service and comfortable room, the hotel is in the most amazing location. The Time Warner Centre is literally across the road which houses a large Whole Foods market and lots of nice restaurants. Starbucks is next door and there were several places to get a great breakfast just up the street. Columbus Circle was right on the doorstep including the best entrance to Central Park. Overall we really enjoyed our stay at 6 Columbus and we would definitely stay here again on our next visit to New York.	
Oct 23 2008 	Fabulous Location	We stay in NYC about 6 times a year in the off season when we can find decent rates. We have stayed in many boutique hotels including Hotel Giraffe, The Muse and The Benjamin. We booked the smaller king room at 6 Columbus and it was small but how much time do you stay in the room? It was clean and the bathroom was clean and staff was great. We ask for a quiet room and it was very quiet. The hotel was great and you can't beat the location. There is no roof top bar. I read about that either on quickbook or their own site but when we went to locate it all we found was dirty laundry. There is a huge whole foods across the street to peruse including lots of food to go. We walked Central Park twice which is right across the street and we could walk to our Broadway show. We booked directly with the hotel and the same day found a considerable lower rate on quickbook. I called the hotel and they matched the rate. We will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great Little Spot	Stayed at 6 Columbus for 5 nights in late September and had a wonderful time!!! I'm not terribly picky, though, and mostly look for a place that's safe and clean and 6 Columbus definitely delivers in both respects!I got a really great deal thru quikbook for a Pod room (full bed) and since I was by myself, that was perfect. I will say, however, that if I had paid the hotel's asking price of $405/night, I would have expected more. But for $180/night, it was an outstanding value!!!Yes, the room is small. But honestly, if you're in NY for the room, then you do need to go elsewhere. The bed was incredibly comfortable, linens clean and soft, and housekeeping did a wonderful job every day. The bathroom was well-appointed, though the tub was a bit small if you actually wanted to take a bath--which I refuse to do at hotels anyway. Heated floor tiles in the bathroom definitely a plus!!! Kiehl's toiletries were a wonderful touch and there was also q-tips and cotton balls in the bathroom--simple but very nice touch!1 thing I did notice missing was a coffee pot...but there is a Starbucks next door to the hotel, so it really didn't matter that much to me. The view from room 27 was terrible, as most have described, to some kind of shaft in between buildings. But you know what? I was NEVER in my room during the day looking out the window and at night the blackout drapes were closed so why do I care what the view was? So it all depends on you! After my rave reviews, my coworker stayed at 6 Columbus the very next weekend and loved it as much as I did! Oh and the umbrella they provide for you to use during your stay came in handy as it rained 4 out of the 6 days I was in NY!!! :-)Will definitely return if the price is right!	
Oct 15 2008 	Honestly Not Worth It . . .	Alright, first the positives - the location is excellent (so close to Central Park, the Upper West Side, etc.), the hotel is clean and kept up nicely, and staff members are fairly friendly . . .. . . but for $250/night - even if we are talking about Manhattan - one expects more than a mere 75 square feet or so (a so-called &quot;Pod Room&quot;), with a view of a pigeon-occupied tower of space (about six feet by six feet), a tiny bathroom (admittedly with a heated floor, a nice touch), essentially upscale dorm-style furniture, and lousy temperature control.All things considered, experience suggests that one would do a lot better three times out of four by going on Priceline.com or the like, and putting in $250/night and 3.5 stars. Again, even for Manhattan, this didn't represent good value for money.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great if you like bugs and bird excrement - see the pictures	God help you if you booked via a booking channel that doesn't specify the room type, like priceline.Lobby nice, doormen always exceptional. Room 49: nightmare. It's tiny, but that's not the issue - I've stayed in the Hudson's even tinier rooms happily. It's not pleasant to have nowhere to open your suitcase except on the bed, but that's not the big problem here.The window in the room overlooks a waste disposal pipe in an internal airshaft, with a view across to adjacent rooms. That is, if you can see through the window given how much encrusted bird excrement cakes it - check out the photo.Of all the hotels I've ever stayed in, this is I think the most depressing layout. I couldn't deal with that aspect of the room, so I returned to the front desk. Lula on front desk told me I could pay almost $600 to upgrade to a better room - still nothing special, not up to an average Marriott or Hyatt standard - and she literally walked away when I complained. The general manager Barbara Lopez left notes every night asking to be contacted if anything could improve my stay, but she never replied to my email.The bathroom had silverfish bugs - check out the attached photo. I didn't bother complaining at the time because of my horrible prior experiences with Lula and Barbara, but I showed them these photos upon checkout and they didn't care or offer me any sort of amenity, not even a discount on my $20 minibar.This stay was approximately halfway through a 120-night vacation at 4* hotels throughout the Americas. It was easily in the bottom 10% of my hotel stays. I've stayed in NYC hotels around 40 times this decade, and this was easily the worst experience of the lot.I was so looking forward to my first stay in a Thompson hotel. I'm now about as anti the brand as it is possible to be.Avoid this hotel unless you are paying for a specific room type - but if you're gonna overpaying that much, just choose a better hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	What a shame the designer of this place couldn't get quieter airconditioners	Funky little hotel in a great central location on Manhattan Island but our stay was ruined by a noisy air conditioner outside our window that the staff seemed either unable or unwilling to fix for the three nights we were there.Would have been nice if they'd offered to move us to another room, but no, we even had to get the bellhop to run down the street and get ear plugs so we could sleep.Would only stay here again if the room did not have an airconditioner outside the window.There are better hotels in New York for the price.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great Staff/ Great Location	Unfortunately, we had to go to NYC last minute for a funeral. The staff was incredibly caring, especially Lula. We had four separate rooms which were all lovely. The sheets are amazingly soft. The decor is fabulous...watch out for the corners of the platform beds!Plenty of closet and drawer space and the water pressure in the shower was fantastic, as were the toiletries of the hotel. Starbucks is just next door so a Latte is never far away. Whole Foods is in a great mall across the street. Everything we needed was within walking distance, including Central Park. All in all, its a bargain. I would highly recommend 6 Columbus.	
Sep 10 2008 	I totally liked it!!	This is definitely the place to stay if you're aim is to explore Central Park and hit the museums! I got a really good deal for around US $225 per night and it's worth it. Clean, modern, great amenities and amazing sheets!! Central Park is right across road and all the bright lights of Broadway, Times Square and Madison Square Garden are all within walking distance. This truly is a gem located in mid-town for the reasonable price you pay.	
Aug 30 2008 	Nice Location...	We booked a Queen Deluxe room on Quikbook.com for $250. We were in room 95. The room was bigger than I expected it would be. The bed was perfect for 2....with more than enough room.	
Aug 25 2008 	Finally a clean bathroom and room!	My mom and I stayed at this small boutique hotel right on Columbus Circle. This hotel is small, modern, and had a wonderful hotel staff. I had to upgrade to a bigger room and they were very accomodating. The bathrooms and the room itself was clean. It actually had this baby rose aroma smell that I just could not figure out what it was. The beds were clean and soft. I don't suggest large parties to stay here. The rooms are not that large, we came here to do some shopping and after 2 days it was getting pretty crowded. The location is pretty convenient. There is a mini mall and subway right across the street in the CNN building. Pinkberry is right next door for some yummy yogurt. And a block down is 9 Ave where there are tons of restaurants to choose from!	
Aug 24 2008	Small but well designed rooms couldn't be more convenient	I would recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a simple, yet quality stay at a hotel in NY for a reasonable price. The decor is modern and pleasing. The rooms are indeed small but well designed with hidden storage spaces, like drawers under the bed. The Fresh bath products are a real plus as is the Blue Ribbon restaurant in the lobby. The location across the street from the Time Warner building and the Columbus Circle subway station is also super convenient. My only complaint - and the reason why I didn't give this place higher marks - was the full sized bed, which was a bit cramped for two adults. I booked the room through Priceline at a great price and specified two people. I'm not sure if it's normal for the hotel to book two people to a room with a full sized bed, but I'd recommend calling the hotel to make sure.	
Aug 21 2008 	High-price...underwhelming.	After searching for a hotel with a good location in Manhattan for a &quot;reasonable&quot; price I booked at 6 Columbus. Most prices I had seen were upwards of 500/night and they had rooms at $345. I have to say I left feeling really underwhelmed and disappointed for the money I spent. Positives: 1. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. You really are paying here for location. Subway (59th street/columbus circle) right across the street, QNRW (7th Ave) less than 4 blocks away, Less than 1 block from Time Warner Center/Central Park. 2. Cleanliness--housekeeping service was outstanding. Drawbacks/Negatives: 1. LOUD doors that seemed to slam frequently after 1100pm. 2. Many of the staff were nice but it seemed like many were trying so hard to be friendly and helpful that at times I wasn't sure anyone knew what exactly they were doing. 3. SMALL rooms. I upgraded to a queen deluxe (having booked a superior) and it was tiny...with NO view. 4. LOUD water pipes. Anytime anyone used the water to shower the pipes were super loud. 5. LOUD A/C blower...I couldn't hear the TV when the A/C blower was going and especially not when A/C and water pipes were in use next door. 6. LOUD hum from pipes/fans outside window...if you are not lucky enough to get a street/park facing view and are stuck in the back you look out onto pipes from the adjoining buildings.Unless their prices come down or I could get a &quot;deal&quot;--less than $200 per night, I don't think I would stay here again.	
Aug 14 2008	Bad service	The clerk at the counter refused to check us in because the guest who had occupied the room wanted to extend his stay for another night. They could not offer us another room (fully booked) instead we should stay at the Hudson hotel a hundred yards down the road for one night and come back the next day for the second night. We refused and asked for the manager in charge to complain about this unacceptable offer, but the clerk was the manager already. The manager emphasized that the Hudson had the same standard (that was a lie, as we found out later) and we could stay there for two nights. We did not like to spoil our holiday and accepted the change.	
Aug 8 2008 	Nice hotel great location worth a stay	Stayed at 6 Columbus Aug 1-4 after getting what was apparently an introductory rate on Quikbook ($230 or so). The location is great (yes, it's not ON Columbus Circle, but barely 1/4 block away...not worth quibbling about) with the subway and Time Warner Center directly across the street, and the park right across the circle. The area is a lot less hectic than being further south, but still convenient.The staff was extremely nice and unobtrusive. The Queen room was very spacious for NYC, with a comfy bed, desk, flat panel TV, and a huge bathroom. It was nice to see a hotel think about the people who use their rooms and provide plugs on TOP of theThe interior rooms are a bit cave-like, since you don't have a window, but the lights have slider settings so you can make the room a lot brighter than the way the staff apparently sets it up in preparation for your visit. I'm not sure why people fixate on the dark hallways - I didn't run into anything, and unlike other hotels with dark hallways, the room numbers were lit up.Overall, I loved the hotel's style, comfort and location. I don't know if I would pay full rate, but in the $200+/- range this is a good NYC hotel that would make your visit to the city very pleasant. I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 3 2008	Nice Stay for $200	I arranged my one night stay through Quikbook, at a rate of 199.00. With this rate in mind, I found the hotel very nice. It was clean, modern, safe and nicely located in Columbus Circle. The staff were friendly and fairly helpful for my few questions. The only drawbacks I found during my stay were the loud doors and cleaning staff that seemed to be yelling &quot;housekeeping&quot; all morning long. Minor issues...As has been mentioned, the rooms are small, there are no views nor real amenities. I would not pay the rates they list on their website (425 for the queen room etc.); even in Manhattan you can find a better room for that price. I only needed a place to sleep near Central Park for one night, and did little more than sleep in the room, so it was perfect for my needs at the reduced rate. Nice new option in the city.	
Aug 2 2008 	Nice Stay but be Warned	My partner and I stayed at 6 Columbus Circle (not really on Columbus Circle) over the Memorial Day Holiday. After making my reservation I called the hotel and talked to Abbey to request high floor (street facing) which she confirmed. When I spoke to Abbey, I even reserved an upgraded room since it was my anniversary. Upon check in, we were given a SMALL room on the 2nd floor. Even though I complained to the front desk, I was told the hotel was full and nothing could be done for that night. The clerk at the front desk advised us that we could move the next day to the room that was promised to us. We were in the room until about 11:00 AM and no call from the front desk to change rooms. When we arrived back to the hotel later in the afternoon, still no call! I finally called the front desk and they had the nerve to advise me that they were ready to move us but we had not called them! Generally hotels that run efficiently would contact the guest and coordinate these types of activities. We finally moved to a room on the 10th/11th floor. The room was oversized with a large-ish bathroom facing the street. There was one day when housekeeping had not cleaned the room by 6:00 PM but this was quickly resolved without any hassle. One note, the beds that are used are platform so there is no box springs on the bed. Also, this hotel does not use top sheets, only a duvet (I’m sure this works well in Winter but not Spring/Summer). On the positive side, the location is EXCELLENT and Starbucks is next door. Each night the turn down service includes Voss water chocolate. A nice stay overall but with some problems and attitude from the front desk.	
Aug 1 2008 	6 Columbus - Pretty Good	I was in NYC for a business trip and stayed at 6 Columbus for 2 nights.LocationThe property is right across the street from the ACE subway line and The Shops at Columbus Circle. It is a great location that is close just south of Central park and an easy walk to everything mid-town. Oh, there is a Starbucks next door too in case you need a caffeine fix.StaffALL the staff were wonderful to deal with. They were friendly, professional and helpful. You would think this is one of the basics.RoomI'll post some photos, but the rooms are a reasonable size. I wouldn't say that it was a large room, as the king bed just barely fit with the 2 side tables, but it was serviceable. No complaints.The view was the back of another building. I had the curtains drawn the whole time and thought it was fine. If you want a brighter room and a good view, ask for a suite in the FRONT of the building. The decor is slick, but I agree with the other reviewers in saying that it is a bit too dark. I like dark hip lounges, but would like the bedroom a bit lighter/neutral.The worst thing was the air conditioning system. It worked, but it was basically an on/off switch run by a thermostat. This isn't bad in itself as the temperature was kept at a comfortable level, but when on, it was LOUD. Really loud. I found it hard to do a video conference on my computer with the fan on...something that I've never had issues with in other locations. Room AmenitiesNicely furnished with Frette robe, Dean and DeLuca snacks in the mini-bar, and Fresh bath products are a nice touch.Hotel AmenitiesThe building is old and it shows its age. You can either think of this as quirky and charming or dumpy. I prefer the former. :-)It isn't a newly constructed hotel with a work out room, pool, etc. Not a big deal to me as I work out by walking everywhere while traveling.The hallways seem a bit dark...as do the elevators that are covered in dark pony skin or something. This is the hotel's attempt to be hip and slick. I can take it or leave it and would rather have brighter hallways and rooms.There is a pretty restaurant off the lobby that serves Japanese inspired foods. It is pretty vibrant at night. It is OK (not great), and a bit expensive... Nice atmosphere but if you just want good food, you can do better just by going on a short stroll around the block.Oh WiFi...like all travelers these days, I need wifi...and the hotel is smart to have fully blanketed the building with FREE wifi. A big plus! What's with hotels that still want to charge for wifi access after already gouging for the stay?OverallThis hotel has been greatly anticipated. The retrofit is decent but nothing really to write home about. A bit dark for my tastes.I thought it was a nice hotel and would stay here again. Great location, excellent staff, decent room. If you can get a good price, it is a good play to stay.	
Aug 1 2008 	great stay in New York at the 6	I stayed at this hotel on July 25 and 26, 2008. The hotel is located at 8th Ave. and 58th St. across the circle from Columbus Circle and the Time Warner Center. I upgraded my room from a pod to a queen for an extra $35 a night. This made the rate more than I would have liked to pay as I had read posts where the rate was much better than I got but for New York it was a fair price. The front desk staff was very pleasant and helpful and great to deal with. The room was bigger than at the Hudson down the block but not really big. It was very well designed and pleasing to the eye if a bit dark. The bathroom was shiny and very modern with the right amount of room. The linens and towels were of an excellent quality and the bed was very comfortable. Everything was very clean. I would definitely book here again if I can get a good rate as the location is ideal.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Staff!	We are in NY at least twice a year for business. 6 Columbus was won on Priceline for one night. The second night we booked directly through the hotel's website.While the hotel's decor is a little too dark for our taste, the staff was outstanding. Everyone was friendly, professional and helpful. We would definitely stay there again just because of the staff and location.We upgraded our room to a king. We were told it was worth the additional $50/night. The room was still on the smaller side. Pros: Outstanding staff, nice hotel, great area, complimentary newspaper, nighttime, brownie at turndown. Also great Sushi restaurant. Cons: Decor a bit dark. Bathroom door is glass so if you have light on at night it shows through. Door to room is heavy and it is difficult to close quietly.	
Jul 25 2008 	The Find of the Year	My wife and I spent four wonderful nights at this very trendy and elegant hotel for our honeymoon during the Thanksgiving weekend of last year. I had meant to write a review earlier, but I never found the time. Shame on me. This hotel was aesthetically beautiful, since it had only been open for around a month when we stayed there. The lobby is cozy and attractive. The rooms are both homey and artsy in design, although on the small side, which is common for Manhattan. You really have to get used to the bed corners, because you will end up banging your shins a couple of times against them. But no matter. The bathroom was comfortable and clean. The TV set was an LCD screen, which I liked a lot. The hotel is perfectly located around the corner from Columbus Circle, which makes it extremely easy to move within the city by subway, bus or just by walking. The staff was really friendly and attentive. All in all, we had a wonderful honeymoon and this hotel was a great part of it. I tried to book us again to celebrate our anniversary this year, but the rates have already gone up from what we originally paid (I paid $189/night... I guess I was lucky that the hotel had just recently opened). For those who can afford it, I highly recommend it.	
Jul 18 2008 	I want to go back!	Stayed in this hotel for only one night, and I wish I could have stayed longer (for the same price, of course). We booked through priceline and got an AMAZING deal. The hotel is a little bit hard to find, the taxi driver could not find it, and took us around and we ended up paying more fare. But it's in a great location: Central park is right across the street and Times Square can be reached by walking down Broadway. There is a shopping center right across the street, but we did not have a chance to check it out. We stayed in the pod room, which is super tiny, but extremely clean and decorated really well. Even though the bed is a bit small for two people, it is really comfortable because of the pillow top mattress. The flat screen tv was great, but I would have liked to have maybe a little table or at least a chair to put things on, I think there would have been enough room for a least a chair or a luggage holder. I loved the bathroom, it was very modern and pretty. Toiletries, Q-tips and cotton balls. There was a safe in the closet, a bathrobe and an umbrella to use during your stay. I was disappointed though because there was no hairdryer. The AC in the room worked really well. The staff was great. I would recommend it to everyone and would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 12 2008 	Sweet 6-Spot	I was pleasantly surprised by 6 Columbus. Having stayed a week at Soho sister hotel, Sixty Thomson last year, I was pretty reluctant to repeat the experience. But my sister and the attractive price point convinced me otherwise. And I'm glad for that.The location is super, right on Columbus circle, near every convenience imaginable. Unfortunately, most taxis had a hard time finding it, for some reason.I booked the basic room and expected something tiny, this being NYC. But I was happy to find that although small, it was spacious and had clever little storage spaces like underbed drawers. The service is pleasantly unpretentious, understated, accomodating and most imptly, inobtrusive. Loved the Fresh toiletries. Could have more of a variety though. Too basic.And although there's the jumpin' -- and delicious -- Blue Ribbon Sushi bar in the lobby, it was never too noisy, scene-y or happening, thankfully.I ate at the Blue Ribbon every day - sometimes twice a day - and once when i had some bad fish and became ill, they waived my bill and gave me a $100 voucher, with min fuss. Can't blame them completely though, traveller's diarrhea may have played some part in this.The room service breakfast, though was overpriced and horrible (burnt cold toast). Otherwise, a sweet little spot. I'm there next time I'm in Manhattan.	
Jul 11 2008 	The Most Amazing Hotel!	I got the most amazing deal on Quikbook! The Bell staff, reception and concierge are all extremely helpful, not to mention very good looking. This is a trendy hotel!I also have to state that this place is SPOTLESS!!! I have never stayed in a hotel more clean than this, and it smells great too. When they turn your bed down at night you even get a mini brownie to eat with your night cap!I stayed in a Pod Room. Don't be fooled by the name, the room is a brilliant size. You get a double bed, more than enough floor space and a full size bathroom. The only downside is that there's hardly any natural daylight even though you have a full size window, it faces the shaft.The location is perfect, just across the road from the Time Warner Building and Columbus Circle subway and next door to a Duane Read, also a stone's throw from Central Park.If I can get another deal (usually the hotel is quite expensive) this will absolutely be my hotel of choice every time I go to New York. I pity the poor suckers paying way over the odds for a tiny room at the Hudson on the same road, 6 Columbus is miles better!!	
Jul 8 2008 	Very Nice!	We got a great deal on this hotel through Quickbook ($200/night for a king room). The staff was very nice and helpful. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. The room was very small, but for New York, it was fine. The location was great as well. Right across from Columbus Circle. There is a Whole Foods, so you can get anything you might need. The subway is there, too. Some things to be aware of:Room was tiny and although there was a desk and chair, it would be very awkward to actually have to work at the desk.There was no hair dryer or ironing board. I'm assuming I could've gotten these from Housekeeping had I needed them.The air conditioning is extremely loud. I got used to it, but if noises bother you, it might be a problem. We would definitely stay here again if we could get a similar rate. I don't think I would pay $300+, though.	
Jul 1 2008 	The Staff Shines	Just returned from 5 nights at 6 Columbus. A few highs and lows, but overall very pleased. The staff from front desk to housekeeing couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. The young men at the front door that help with luggage and cabs etc. were a delight. They were bright, polite, friendly, well groomed and well trained. Rooms are small, but well designed. Beds are very comfy! A small desk and chair in the rooms would make a great difference. Lighting in the rooms and bathrooms is very inadequate. Mood lighting just doesn't cut it when you're in the shower or shaving. Can't see instructions for use of the room safe on floor of closet because of lack of light. Overall, I liked it and would go back. Kudos to staff and people who picked and trained them.	
Jun 2 2008 	Average NY hotel	I stayed at 6 Columbus for 3 nights in May. The hotel is fine for the price I paid, but there are better hotels for similar prices (the Hudson for example). Rooms are tiny as expected, location is great at Columbus Circle and near the park. The room was pretty clean (except for a strange goo on the bedside table!) and the front desk service was acceptable.If you can get a good deal ($200 for a queen room) I would recommend it if you don't need top notch service. If paying regular price, look elsewhere.	
May 28 2008 	Perfect!	I booked through Quickbook.com...same day and got a wonderful $159 rate for a queen room. My husband and I had a wonderful time at this hotel. Pleasantly surprised! The location is wonderful...close to Central Park and Times Square. The staff was so helpful. Now about the room...very modern and nicely appointed! I slept like a baby in the bed. For NYC...wonderful deal...especially for a holiday weekend!	
May 27 2008 	Stay now before everyone else finds out about it!	I stayed here this past Friday night, and was thoroughly impressed. For this price point, 6 Columbus is a great, hip choice. It has a kickass location (just behind Columbus Circle), which makes it very convenient. There aren't a lot of large-hotel amenities (such as pool or business centre), but it's high on design (blue/silver/brown trendy decor) and nice boutiquey touches such as Fresh brand toiletries. The staff is friendly, and the hotel small enough that you can get in and get out without long waits for anything. It's not for everyone, but if you like hip boutique hotels, you should definitely stay at 6 Columbus now...before all the rooms get trashed by overuse.	
May 18 2008 	Wonderful stay at 6 Columbus	I've just returned from three nights at 6 Columbus. Having stayed at New York's Hudson Hotel a few years ago, I knew what to expect at this property, which seems to be similarly marketed to the young, urban, and hip set (not sure if that's me, but...). I had a Queen Superior room. It was nicely appointed, contained Fresh bath products in the bathroom, a heated bathroom tile floor that was most pleasant, a flat screen television hung on the wall, and a well-stocked mini-bar with top shelf alcohol and Dean and Deluca snacks. The room is not the largest room I've ever stayed in, but by New York standards, it was more than adequate. The bed fit in the room just fine, and when I'm in NY, I don't come to hang out in my hotel room.That said, my room could easily accommodate two people, which seems to be a point of issue for some reviewers here. There are two drawers for storage under the platform bed and a wardrobe for hanging clothes. Nice touches include an umbrella should it rain (it did while I was there so that came in handy), turndown service with a little mini brownie, and excellent (and adjustable) task lighting bedside and on the desk.There is a restaurant just off the small lobby, Blue Ribbon, that has sushi (It's okay. Some would say great. I would not) that somehow manages to also do room service and traditional American breakfast for the hotel. There are restaurants in the neighborhood, a pub next door, and a Duane Reade pharmacy/convenience store on the corner.I had difficulty adjusting the heating and cooling system in the room. It could be my own ineptitude, I don't know. The controls were those manual &quot;point the dial at the number&quot; controls. I am of the digital age: press an arrow up to a number or down to a number. Anyway, the climate in the room was perfect the first night. Then, it rained, which as you can imagine changed the humidity and outdoor ambient temps and all bets were off after that. I didn't call anyone to complain, and I still slept just fine.There is also a VERY small lobby which, particularly on the weekends I imagine (that's when I was there), uses music to assist in creating a hip and happening scene. The music can be loud in the elevator and in the lobby, but you won't hear it in your room. I guess that covers it. Oh, they seem to spray or pump in a signature scent, similar to what other hotels are doing these days. I find it pleasant. Slightly tropical with hibiscus notes, perhaps? Either that or they have some nice smelling cleaning products! While not offensive or in any way excessive, if you are sensitive to smells, be warned.The hotel is located across the street (W 58th) from the Time Warner Building at Columbus Circle. Great location. Overall, I would recommend this property and look forward to returning soon, probably next month.Happy travels!	
May 11 2008 	GREAT Stay at 6 Columbus!!	I booked this hotel based on its location, price and traveler reviews (on TA and elsewhere). We stay in the city somewhat often, so we know space is at a premium and affordable rooms are hard to find....especially in good locations! I have to say, you cannot beat the location of 6 Columbus! Easy to find, it is just behind the Time Warner building with top notch shopping and dining just across the street. The subway station is also just across the street, making travelling throughout the city a snap. If you'd rather take a taxi, the doormen will happily hail one for you in a matter of seconds! Central Park is just steps away and on a good day, you can stop by Whole Foods (in the Time Warner center) and pick up fixin's for a picnic in the park......joyous! Yes, the rooms are small. We had a pod room and really, it took me back to my college dorm days! That being said, everything in it looked new and clean. The bed was super comfy and the heated bathroom floors were GREAT!! The fridge was well-stocked and the cabinet was filled with gourmet goodies. There was a small closet....and really, how much closet space does one need on a trip?? I never hang all my clothes when I go away....it was ample for us. There were 2 down sides that I can think of: 1) The lighting in both the bathroom and room were horrible for putting makeup on and 2) the room was HOT when we arrived, so we opened the window, but just beware of all the pigeon POOP ( I will say that in the days previous, it had been quite chilly!).The service was AWESOME! I really noticed how pleasant everyone was. When we arrived, our room was just being cleaned, so they happily stored our baggage until our room was ready...just a short 15 minutes later. When we called for an iron and ironing board, one arrived within 5 minutes!! The front desk always greeted us by name and were fast and courteous.I got a great deal on Priceline, so that was just icing on the cake. This hotel was WAY better than many of the others we have stayed at for double the price! I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone!	
May 6 2008 	6 Columbus was Fabulous!	My boyfriend and I stayed at 6 Columbus for four nights at the beginning of April and had a fantastic stay. Now I'm considering it for a trip in the fall with my sisters. When we got to the hotel, we were greeted at the taxi cab's door by the very friendly doormen. I have to commend the hotel on the doormen they have working for them...what fantastic and friendly personalities they all have! Our room wasn't ready upon arrival, so the manager gave us complementary drinks at the Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar - a great little bar to frequent before dinner or when you come back from a long day of shopping (get the grapefruit cocktail listed on the menu!). This simple gesture was a great indication of the stay we were going to have.Once we got up to our room on the 7th Floor, we were surprised at how cozy and lovely it was. The room was small (I believe we booked a Queen Superior), but that is normal in New York, and neither of us were bothered by it. There were cute little touches all about the room - magazine racks with up-to-date publications in them, like Time Out New York, a vase with a real flower on the nightstand, an i-pod dock, under-the-bed storage. The bed was lovely, and very comfortable. Every night we slept very well. The bathroom was a good size with a deep tub, so no showers overflowed onto the floor. There was a window/shelf in the shower to place your toiletries. The toiletries - by Fresh - that the hotel supplied were fantastic. The towels we so fluffy! OH! And the best part of the bathroom - the heated floor in front of the shower area! It was fantastic in the morning to step onto a heated floor and I even found myself standing on it after our long days of walking.My only &quot;issue&quot; with the room is that after we both showered, the room itself got rather humid and muggy. The location of the hotel was fantastic. There was a subway stop right across the street where we could get downtown very quickly. One of the nicest things was being able to get up, grab a coffee at Bouchon Bakery across the street, and take a morning walk in Central Park. I had reservations about staying uptown, but ended up being very pleased with our location because I liked having the access to the Park, the Upper East Side, and being able to get downtown to Soho so quickly and easily.As I said up above, I am already considering 6 Columbus for a trip in the fall and would recommend it highly! From the staff to the comfy towels and bed to the fantastic location, I could not have picked a better place to stay!	
Apr 30 2008 	6 Columbus A Thompson Hotel	Absolutely loved this place. Will definately stay there again. Service was excellent. Linen, towels, bath rob....flat screen TV just like at home. Staff are very friendly and very cooperative. Had a blast	
Apr 30 2008	Uncomfortably small	I booked this hotel for two nights, but left shortly after arriving. The &quot;King Superior&quot; room is the tiniest NY hotel room I have ever (almost) stayed in. It is uncomfortably small, to the point of claustrophobia.There is a floating desk against one wall, but no chair to sit in - nor even would one fit between the desk and foot of the bed. The bathroom is basic and, although renovated, is crowded and equally uncomfortable.	
Apr 29 2008 	Wonderful Experience at 6 Columbus	We just got back from a long weekend in New York and a wonderful stay at 6 Columbus. Firest let me say that the concierge Rocks! Raquel and Eric were amazing at setting up a series of events for my partner's birthday celebration. Everything was perfection. The room at 6 Columbus was very large for New York. We booked a Studio Suite which had a balcony almost as big as the room. Everything about 6 Columbus is very cool. The room lighting/linens furniture and bathroom are all top notch. Blue Ribbon Sushi was fatastic too! I would highly recommend this boutique hotel for anyone who likes a little &quot;edgy swank&quot; in the hotels.	
Apr 11 2008 	Superb find!	We spent 13 nights at this fantastic hotel. Originally booked a deluxe King at an excellent rate on Perfect Escapes but found a great deal for a suite on Tablet Hotels web page although we stayed in a Studio King on our first night. Long story but handled very well by the hotel &amp; we loved that room too. It was huge with a balcony &amp; enormous bathroom &amp; good view of a corner of Central Park but we decided to move to the suite. We were given the choice &amp; it was a hard choice actually! But the rooms of the suite were very quiet, beautifully appointed with clever design features &amp; gave us plenty of space for a long stay &amp; overlooked 58th St &amp; the Time Warner Center with a glimpse of Central Park as well, &amp; exactly as portrayed on the hotel's web site. Nadia kept it in great shape for us during our stay &amp; it was lovely to see her smiling face every day.The delightful Julian welcomed us on arrival after our long flight from Australia, charming Caeser showed us to our room &amp; greeted us by name every time we saw him again. As did everyone at this gem of a hotel including Ciaron &amp; Stan who run a fabulous bar &amp; helped make our stay so fantastic, along with Richard &amp; all the staff at the marvellous Blue Ribbon Sushi restaurant where we ate several times. Terrific menu, sublime food &amp; decor &amp; most reasonably priced.Getting around NYC was as easy as. Great subway across the road literally seconds away but anytime we needed a taxi Anthony &amp; Parry were always on hand &amp; must be two of the most affable doormen in town....aside from the others working at this hotel.Room service swift &amp; not at all expensive for a hotel of this stature &amp; location and neither was the well stocked mini bar. Free internet &amp; breakfast downstairs in the mornings...which we never got to eat! Too many laughs at night in the bar! This was my 6th time in NYC. Have stayed in a variety of hotel types but wanted to try somewhere new. Doubt that I would ever stay anywhere else again unless rates go through the roof which they might well do. Then again I would probably pay them as we had such a magnificent time.An easy walk to theaters, Whole Foods across the street for a quick bite, Chemist &amp; Starbucks next door &amp; anything else you might need close by.We are kinda fussy travellers but appreciate service par excellence &amp; a hotel that turns out to be what it portrays to be. No wonder we can't help but be blown away by this wonderful stay at 6 Columbus. Spend the extra for a suite, studio or deluxe room &amp; have a ball! We feel indebted to everyone associated with this hotel &amp; wish them continuing success	
Apr 2 2008 	Stayed March 20-24 and can't wait to return.	We chose to stay in Six Columbus because of the great location and reviews found here at TripAdvisor. I would recc. this hotel to those looking to explore the city and indulge themselves at a boutique hotel.The hotel was very clean and the staff was quite helpful and courteous. The location is top notch directly across from the shops at Columbus Circle which houses a Whole Foods which is perfect for a tasty and inexpensive breakfast. Next door to the hotel is Starbucks, a bit further you will find a Duane Reade and Dunkin Donuts. You will find Central Park 2 minutes away and Times Square is a quick 12-15 minute walk from the hotel. Many subways are literally found right outside the front door of the hotel.We had a weak wireless internet signal that was not protected, minimal noise from inside or outside the hotel, newspaper each morning and the best mini-bar and snacks I've ever seen. Our room was a good size - Queen superior and loads of space for all of our luggage.The few downsides we noticed were:The heater did not heat up the room (I wanted 82 and it would only reach 69). I had to sleep with a hoodie on for two nights to keep warm. We notified the front desk twice and upon check out we were told it was a problem within the entire hotel and they were working on it.Very strange that the cleaning staff NEVER left the right amount of towels - not even when we checked in. First day no hand towels, then no face towels, then again no hand towels. Very strange, but housekeeping quickly bought up the towels when requested.Lastly, we could not get a seat in the bar or dining area on the two nights we tried. Yes, we could have called ahead, but as a guest at any other hotel I've stayed in this has never been a cause for concern.Even with the few downsides, I'd stay here again.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Location Nice Hotel	Found this hotel mostly by reviews on this website and others, and due to the fact that it had a really nice daily rate compared to other, trendy hotels in NYC. I have lived in NYC but not visited much (and usually stayed with friends and family when I did) and therefore have very little to compare this to with regards to other Manhattan hotels. Overall my wife and I really liked the hotel. The room was very nice, clean, and with a comfortable bed and a nice TV. It was also very small with a view of an airshaft and a tub made for a Hobbit. Having lived in a small place in Manhattan myself this did not bother me much, but I can see someone not used to such cosy quarters having trouble with it. Only other problems were that they kept having laundry delivery problems resulting in not having washcloths for two days... Also give you the Post (the Post??) and the Wall Street Journal is in the lobby; are they also in the Rupert Murdoch empire? To be fair they did offer to send someone out to get me the Times, but it wasn't worth having to tip the same price as the paper. The location is great with easy access to A,C,B,D,1,2,3 trains, Central Park, Midtown, and UWS and the Village. I was really impressed with the bar at Blue Ribbon Sushi (bartenders were awesome) and the food was good. Unfortunately the sushi was inferior to the fried chicken which was great. Go for the alcohol. Overall it was a nice week and a nice hotel. Would definitely stay there again if for no other reason than it is a nice place in a good location.	
Mar 30 2008	Great Location	We stayed at the hotel because we had reservations for dinner at Per Se. The location can't be beat - it was across the street from the Time Warner Center. The employees were very courteous. There is a Duane Reade (or Rite Aide or similar drugstore) right next door in case you need something the hotel doesn't provide. When we checked in they said they were upgrading us to a King Deluxe, but the bed was not a king. Not a problem since the room was not too small. We were too exhausted to complain. Bathroom is decent with heated floors (but only half the floor was heated, by the sink but not in front of toilet or shower/bath). Fresh bath products. Turndown service at night. Inner rooms look out onto rooftop or shaft area. Loud AC unit from nearby buildings may keep you up at night if you are a light sleeper. Subway stop across the street. Whole Food Market in the TW Center has a great food court for a snack to go. Right next to Central Park.	
Mar 18 2008	Way Too Small For Two People!	i cant belive this is a 4 star hotel!! yes the service was very nice and helpful but the room was just silly, i would say maybe 90sf!! i did not know that you could have a 4 star hotel with a full bed(two adults cant sleep comfortable on a full bed!!) no chair! no storage space (had too keep cloths in our luggage and store it on the one small window sill over looking a ally) the bath room was so small you had to step out just to dry yourself and there was not even a place to put your soap or shampoo!! very thin walls also, hard to sleep when every time sombody gets off the elivator or opens there room door it is so loud it wakes you up!! maybe it was that i booked on priceline and they put us in the worst room in the hotel!! but looking on the web site and the regular prices that they charge it is way way overpriced!! $400-1200 a night for a glorified closet!!! i dont think so!!	
Mar 17 2008 	6 Columbus a winner (for the right price)	My wife and I stayed at 6 Columbus for a Sat night in March 2008. The hotel looks like its brand new. Its a smaller building on 58th and 8th Ave, but right off of the famous Columbus circle and on the corner of Central Park so the location is quite central to midtown and upper west side. The stylings are quite modern and the staff were very attentive. We were upgraded from a pod room to a queen size bed for free which was great. That said, the hotel is a very small building, and the rooms are a little smaller than average, but two people don't really need more space than that. What matters is that the hotel is clean and brand spanking new. I would definitely recommend this hotel to couples with no children, but probably ONLY at the right price. I've heard the hotel rates average around $300 and up, but I got a greal deal on perfectescapes.com for $145 for a pod room. These may not last long as the hotel gains more and more popularity.	
Mar 11 2008 	Excellent return trip to the 6 Columbus!	I have stayed at the 6 Columbus 2 months ago and decided to book again this hotel because I had liked my experience there. I also booked this time through quikbook, which is the way to get the best rates. I had given it a 4 star last time because I had trouble sleeping 2 of the 4 nights. There were rowdy boys next door and even if I called the front desk, the manager could not get them to quiet down. This time was totally different. I did not hear anything even if I was near the elevator. There are not many rooms per floor so there is less chance of people walking by your room. I booked the queen room this time because there were no pod rooms available but when you are alone, one or the other will do just fine.The staff is simply the best. I arrived at 9:30 in the morning and was given a room right away. Almost all the doormen recognized me and welcomed me back warmly. They treat everyone the same and that is the biggest compliment I can pay them. They don't cater to only the trendy clientele, they cater to everyone..even if you are not a 20something model:)The staff in the restaurant is the same. The manager Quint and the barmen, especially Keith, treat you warmly and I was even offered a nightcap when I stopped by in the evening before heading to my room. It is a great plus for the hotel because you feel like lingering there even if you are on your own. They take great care of you. I would love finding something to complain about because then I could write to the manager and hope for complimentary nights in return, but I can't find anything negative to say about this hotel. I just fear that I will not be able to afford it much longer when their prices will surely go up.d	
Feb 26 2008	Loved The Room And The Location	If you a regular vistor to nyc you'll know that hotels are very expensive and you probably use craigslist to sublet. well that's what i normally do - but i found a really good rate on the hotel's website - 145 dollars for the standard room per night. now it is small - but where it lacks size it makes up for other things. the location is perfect - i walked everywhere - even in the snow. it's right by the subway - and if you take the train to the airport - that's just 2 dollars and 45 minutes on the express train...it's right next to my favourite store - wholefoods - so i was in their everyday. and then right by the park and near all the shops on fifth avenue. the staff are very young - and trendy - but very helpful. the room was very nice - clean and excellent minibar. there was a complimentary copy of the new york times everyday - and that's the only way to get news outside the states - unless of course you watch cnn!!!1the bathroom was cool - heated floors - and fresh brand cosmetics - watch the shower - very hot - but lovely then you can wrap up warm in the cosy bathrobe.all in all for 145 bucks a night it was great - i would definitely go again - but if i stayed longer or with someone else i would go for a bigger room.oh yes the bed was lovely - too	
Feb 25 2008 	Small but very cool	Did a last minute trip to NYC with my girlfriend and was pleasantly surprised. We stayed in a &quot;Pod&quot; room which was quite small but very clean and well appointed. The bathroom was a normal size. The entire hotel has been redone is very chic. The hotel bar is small but cool. And, you are right across the street from the Time Warner mall/building....and right by the park. We got a great rate of $125/night from www.quikbook.com and couldn't pass it up. I would highly recommend this property. If you require space, do not stay in the Pod room. We didn't plan on staying in our room very much, so it met our needs.	
Feb 20 2008 	nice little hotel!	I was very pleased with my one night stay at 6 Columbus. They had a minor computer glitch which caused a brief delay in my check-in (no more than 5 minutes), and they upgraded me to a &quot;deluxe&quot; room to make up for that. The staff were very friendly and made a point to address me and other guests by name (even the bellmen). The room was small but very comfortable, and the bathroom amenities by Fresh were a nice touch. At the $199 rate I got on ---.com, it was a good deal and I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great experience at 6 Columbus	Had a great stay at 6 Columbus in January! I found the staff to be very nice and attentive. The decor is fabulous in the lobby...It's got a very young, hip vibe. (Also had great food in the restaurant--Blue ribbon.) The rooms are small w/ no view (at least for us), but that's what I expect in New York...But, all of the elements in the room were nice...great linens, a flat screen TV, fresh products in the bathroom. My only complaint might be that we were close to the elevator and I heard it in the morning.Overall, great experience. So nice that I'm sure I won't be able to afford it when the hotel is completely finished!	
Feb 7 2008 	Excellent beds wonderful design good location!	Surprised by excellence of this hotel; welcoming staff, nice atmosphere (good music everywhere), lovely design and heavenly beds. We've booked the hotel directly and did get a good deal for a hotel of this category. Location was good because of many metro-connections, nice area with many locations for breakfast (Pain Quotidien etc). We were very happy to have been staying in this upmarket area instead of Times Square and other midtown locations	
Feb 6 2008 	Absolutely unbeatable for the price	First off, TripAdvisor needs to immediately correct this hotel's one-star rating as well as its average &quot;$802 per night&quot; rate. Both are skewed on criteria to which I am not aware.I am a former native New Yorker, and I've stayed (both before and following my move) in a variety of the city's best hotels ... as well as a few of its worst. Including this one in its previous incarnation, where I had the displeasure of seeing mice periodically pop their heads through holes in the pink shag carpet. (I only wish I was kidding.) Thankfully shag and mice have long since dispersed.I received a rate of $145/night -- for a queen room, not one of the now-infamous &quot;pods&quot; -- via booking directly through their own Web site. Even considering the nosedive NYC hotel rates take in January and February, that's a total steal. That said, my room was nonetheless very small, and I banged my shins on that infernal platform bed on multiple occasions. I also had some issues with my A/C-heat system, which is the only reason I'm not giving this place five stars.The location next to the Columbus Circle subway stop makes it a perfect juncture for reaching most areas of the city via subway, and although it's too cold to appreciate it this time of year, I'm sure its location practically next door to Central Park will prove a major bonus as well.Blue Ribbon, for those of you unfamiliar with the city, is one of its best &quot;minichains&quot; (with only 4-5 total), and the 6 Columbus location is its first uptown. I ate there and was highly, highly impressed: it's some of the best sushi in a city filled with formidable sushi restaurants, including the infamous Masa across the street.Sadly, it looks like management is already onto the fact that they priced the rooms too low: their winter rates are already up 50% (to $215/night for this upcoming weekend - on their site, not Quikbook).	
Jan 3 2008 	Big thumbs up all round !!!! (visited from UK)	We visited NYC from the UK for a 5 night stay at the end of November/beginning of december and the hotel was excellent put simply!The staff are really friendly and helpful (down to earth friendly not [-] kissing friendly!). They all were polite and we enjoyed chatting to them as we left in the morning and returned later in the day. Concierge was really helpful right down to booking a table at a sushi restaurant for us a few blocks over when we realised the one downstairs was closed on Mondays....We had a pod room, which did face the building at the back but ultimately it's that or the busy street at the front of the hotel- I know which one I'd prefer (and did!). It was adequate size wise as was the bathroom (heated floor and powerful shower were just the job after being out all day). The bed was massive and possibly the most comfy we've slept in! Flat screen tv was just the ticket as was the ipod stereo on the bedside table.location wise the hotel can't be faulted. We ended up walking most places as nothing was more than a 20 - 30 min walk away really- time square was about 20 mins max, 15 if you didn't have to keep stopping to cross the roads. And if that sounds alot believe me there is more than enough to keep you entertained walking around! Yellow cabs could be got right outside on those occasions we didn't fancy the walk, on our final day we got a yellow cab down to the Staten Island ferry port for about $18 then spent the afternoon walking up to the hotel stopping for coffee and shopping along the way. If you walked it with no stops you'd be looking at 1.5 hours or so.Sushi restaurant and bar are super cool (as the hotel in general really), pastries and coffee in the morning in the bar watching the world go by is a good way to start the morning, and tasty sushi in the evening in relaxed surroundings a good way to end it.The one negative was that the room we had was at the end of a corridor (with two other rooms)- some nights we got a bit of noise (lift door &quot;ding&quot; or a door slam). This was reduced by closing the door that allowed access to the three rooms so all in all not a big issue.We used a generic hotel booking website so got a decent deal. I'd happily recommend this hotel and make a return visit in the future. When we go to London we stay at a hotel called The Hoxton and this hotel is very similar in style, atmosphere and comfort.All round excellent.	
Jan 3 2008 	Too small to bother	While the staff was very friendly and service oriented, this was one of the most ridiculous of the 100+ nights I have spent in a NYC hotel! In my first room (which was so small, I hurt myself when I turned around) the telephone didn't work. After 3 visits from the non-English speaking &quot;facilities guy,&quot; the apologetic front desk clerk gave me a new room. While this room was no bigger, at least it didn't look onto the airshaft covered with pigeon droppings. All was well until I returned to my room at 11:00PM and tried to turn on the heat to take the chill off the 60 degree room. No heat. No facilities guy. No other rooms. No luck. While the Sushi restaurant in the lobby is &quot;happening&quot;, it was the only kitchen functioning. Breakfast was stale pastries and lukewarm coffee while room service was a 3-ring binder of NYC delivery services. If you are a fasting Liliputian, this is a great place. Otherwise, go down the street or around the corner.	
Dec 27 2007 	Perfect!!!	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay at 6 Columbus. The hotel is situated midtown, opposite the Time Warner Centre and within walking distance of Times Square, Central Park and all the important shopping streets. The hotel is small and intimate, the staff are very attentive and the concierge is very helpful. He arranged a fab night out for us and put us on all the guest lists. I was expecting a pokey room given the reviews, but the 'Pod' room really wasn't that small... the room comes with a very comfy bed, designer edibles, ipod docking station, flat screen and the bathroom even has heated flooring( oh and an amazing power shower).The hotel houses a very popular New York sushi restaurant, the food was pretty decent. The hotel is on the same street as the Hudson hotel( pay a visit to the bar) and also the Mo bar at Mandarin Oriental( the view of the city is amazing).All in all, can't fault this hotel. Does everything a hotel should, very comfy, central location and excellent attentive staff.Will be my New York sleeping spot going forward!!!	
Dec 20 2007	wonderfull rooms	In this area of NYC a hotel with less ambient music and vivid as the neighbours from the Hudson. Breakfast and dinner was a bit disappointing (for Europeans?) but the rooms were fantastic. Spacious, very clean, quiet. To go back!	
Dec 17 2007 	Quick stay at 6 columbus	I decided the visit NYC for a friend's party last minute. 6 columbus was offering a rate of $258 (total!), so i decided to check it out.the hotel is located at the southwest corner of central park, directly across the street from the time warner bldg. 5th ave is within walking distance, as well as other typical NYC attractions. it is very conveniently located.The hotel staff were absolutely charming. Everyone was extremely friendly and accommodating. The hotel itself is well designed visually... a sleek and attractive space. My room was a &quot;pod&quot; room. it was quite small, as was expected, but perfectly clean and well designed for its purpose. The bed was very comfy as well. my only critique involves the insulation of the room. I was in room 72, and the wind was quite loud. you could also hear doors opening and closing, etc. I will certainly return to the hotel, but maybe next time i will bring some earplugs. ;)	
Dec 4 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!!!!	This hotel was brilliant. On arrival, the doormen asked for our names as we were a party of 6, and took our bags inside. When we were checking in, the manageress came out and asked was it OK that she had upgraded all of our rooms as she had seen it was a girls holiday!! Of course we said yes!!The rooms were spotless and the beds and pillows were the most comfy i can ever remember in any hotel I've stayed in!Each night the room was turned down and towels, toiletries and water was replaced.It was so close to Central Park, and the Time Warner building across the road has some nice shops and i would definitely recommend the Porter House restaurant in there too!We got great rates for this hotel on Quikbook.com and if i am lucky enough to get back to NYC, i'd definitely stay there again!! Well worth a visit!	
Nov 12 2007 	Nice additon to midtown	It was a busy week in NY and I had trouble finding a room at a good hotel (I'm picky) so I decided to give 6 Columbus a try. The staff is well trained, the doorman asks your name when he takes your bag and then radios inside so that you are greeted by name at the desk. As I came and went from the hotel, I was always addressed by name. I arrived around 1pm and they were able to provide a room then. I had a queen deluxe room. It did face the narrow alley but I would much prefer that to the noise of 58th street. There is no view on 58th, it is a narrow street and looks onto the glass building of the TimeWarner center. The room size is typical of a NY boutique hotel - small but comfortable and well appointed. I'd rather have a smaller nicer room than a large yucky room. (If you want large and yucky, I can give you that list.) Everything is new and clean which is always a plus. There is a small wardrobe instead of a closet so don't overpack but it is adequate. The bathroom is small also (I had one with a tub) but manageable once you figure where to put things. It might be a little cramped for 2 people, depending on how well you like each other! The doors are heavy and do slam loudly so in the morning if you are not an early riser you'll probably hear them. Each room has it's own central ac/heat which is nice and not the norm in New York. Unless it is a new building or completely renovated, you don't have much temperature control in many NY hotels. I like having my room cold at night and toasty in the morning so I appreciate the unit. But I do have to mention that the fan is very loud but it makes for good white noise for sleeping and drowning out slamming doors. The pictures on the hotel's website are accurate. There is a japanese/sushi restaurant in the hotel which was good but when it's not open, you have to go out which isn't really a big deal. But if you like to have room service in the morning, this isn't the hotel for you. There is coffee/tea and pastries in the lobby until 10am but you have to fetch it yourself. I have stayed at/checked out many hotels in the area and this one is probably one of the nicest. The Peninsula and FS are my favorites but taking a step down from those, if this is the area you want to be in, I'd recommend it. Since it's a new hotel without much history, you can email me if you have a specific question.	
Nov 2 2007 	Perfect place after venturing through the streets	I stayed at this place with my girlfriend for three nights. After trying to find a place that would suite our needs for this trip for more than a week I finally came upon the 6 on Columbus. We reserved a Pod Room (due to our limited budget) and were completely happy with it. Upon arriving we were greeted by extremely polite staff. Everybody working for the hotel was friendly and helpful throughout our stay.The room was very clean, nicely designed and comfortable for two people who use it as a place to relax after hitting the streets of New York. In the morning we found coffee and a selection of good tasting baked goods in the lobby. The location of perfect. It is in walking distance to everything in midtown Manhattan right on the SW corner of Central Park. A subway station is across the street. There are several shops and restaurants around. We would stay here anytime again.	
Oct 30 2007 	new hotel OLD building		
Oct 28 2007	Working out the Kinks		
Oct 28 2007 	A Great New NYC Boutique		
Oct 28 2007 	We ARE soooo Hip!		
Oct 28 2007 	Tiny chic boutique hotel		
Oct 24 2007	good stay but a few quirks		
Oct 22 2007 	Good Location Great Staff~ A great boutique hotel		
Oct 16 2007 	Great new place		
Oct 15 2007 	Trendy yet comfortable!		
Oct 12 2007 	New Hotel with Lots of Potential		
Sep 27 2009 	Gute Lage aber alles im Mini-Format!		
Jul 29 2009 	Super Hotel günstig gelegen		
Jun 17 2009 	Excelente ubicacion para la primera vez en NY		
May 26 2009 	Emplacement idéal chambre super !		
Dec 10 2008 	Carino ma caro!!		
Oct 4 2008 	6 Columbus		
Jul 29 2008 	A deconseiller en famille		
