	very good location and good quality hotel	the location is good, and nearby there are many subway stops. Shopping center Macy's and the empire state building are within walking distance. the rooms are very comfortable and clean, medium in size and with a fair size bathroom. We were given a renovated room and the furniture and bed were very good. Our room was on the 34th floor so the view on Manhattan was incredible!the check in was very smooth and after that we never had to get in touch with hotel staff: the key room is also a pass for the hotel facilities and is very easy to use. they provide complimentary wireless connection in the rooms which is a plus. we tried once the tick tock diner that is hotel property and weren`t very impressed for the service, cleaning standards and the food quality. then they wrote on the bill the tip amount they requested... needless to say we went there only once.	
	Serves a purpose	We selected this hotel, as it was the staging ground for the Macy's Day Parade which we were in. I guess if you are a tourist it does have the advantage of being centrally located in a slightly seedy part of town ( especially at night) . The staff was accommodating, and allowed a late check out without a problem. The size of the room was TINY. I guess for the price I did expect something slightly bigger. We had a queen size bed, and there was about 2 1/2 feet of room on both sides of the beds. That was it. There is an ironing board but NO ROOM SAFE- which I thought was very odd. Bed was comfortable enough for one night. Bathroom was refurbished but tiny. They had all necessary toiletries. My biggest complaint though was the noise from the alley ways, and streets - and we were on the 23rd floor. My husband who could sleep through a hurricane complained about the noise level the next morning. The hotel serves a purpose - It is clean enough and centrally located but I thought a bit expensive for what you actually received.	
	Good hotel large rooms Very clean- Shame about certain unprofessional check-in staff 	Stayed at the new yorker hotel for 5 nights this november.On check in we were of course very excited having just arrived in NY and looking forward to our stay at the new yorker as this has been booked 8 months in advance.Our excitment later turned to anger at the way I was spoken to by the gentlemen who checked us in as the reservations department had not make our booking correctly.We booked 8 months in advance and payed £100 extra for a double double room with a view- website states a view of the city or hudson river.When I make my booking I requested a city view and I also emailed the hotel 4 weeks before my visit to request a city view.On check in I was advised that my view was ' A brick wall' and the hotel was full. I told the person who checked me that this was unacceptable as this is false advertising as room states' City view or Hudson river view' also not fair concicdering we booked so far in advance and my request of a city view couldnt have been more ignored.The gentleman who checked me become very rude with me and totally unprofessional.At no time was there an apology or understanding, the hotel was not full 8 months ago when i booked it &amp; upgraded my room to a room with a view and It is not acceptable to argue back with a customer. After 20 minutes of fighting my corner I was finally offered 2 other rooms, I got sent up on my own to go and view these rooms. Neither were city views however one had a hudson view so I taken that room- Why couldnt that be offered to me in the first place.I do think that although this was the job of check in to resolve this situation if reservations had done there job properly in the first place this problem would not have occurred. Not only should a request be taken into concideration when making someones booking but more importantly what they actually payed for. Your can not advertise an upgraded room saying you get a view then be given a view of a brick wall, this ismisrepresentation, wheather the hotel is full or not this is not the customers problem when you sell the room 8 months before.I shouldnt have to argue my case to be given a room that is mine, that I had payed for.Our room a double double room was large, good wardrobe space, very clean and modern.The maids would come in everyday and kept our room immaculate.The doormen were lovely, very friendly and helpful. They do a great job!It was great to see security on shift 24/7, they always said hello and directed you to areas of the hotel when asked.The tick tock diner is great value for a lunch or evening meal, the portons are very generous and the staff are friendly. Overall I was happy with my stay at the new yorker, rooms and hotel is great it was just a shame I didnt have a good experience with check in or reservations so for me this really let the hotel down. I later spoke to the manager about this and she was very apologetic which was greatly appreciated. I would not let this incident stop me from staying at the new yorker in the future however I would hope to see the reservations and check in staff have improved.	
Nov 26 2009 	Stayed here for my honeymoon	The hotel was in a good location and the rooms were spotless and recently refurbished (massive TV was a nice surprise!). We were a bit disappointed however at queuing for half an hour to check in after having been travelling for 12 hours, and when we finally checked in they couldnt/wouldnt let us have our room early (check in is 3pm, we were there about 2pm) which was a let down because we were shattered and desperate to shower.The other slight disappointment was that it was our honeymoon and we asked for a nice view which they didnt give us. The check in staff were more interested in flirting with each other than checking us in which annoyed me. BUT the rooms were immaculate, the hotel is right next to a subway stop and Ive certainly been in worse rooms. Id recommend this hotel to others but not at full price as I got a good deal and this the price I paid matched what we got.	
Nov 25 2009 	Location is great but it is a big hotel and the staff are a bit indifferent	We stayed at this hotel at the beginning and at the end of our trip. The first time were stayed for 3 nights and were given a disabled room (although neither of us were disabled). It turned out that the room and the bathroom were fairly large and the only disabled elements seemed to be handrails in the bathroom, so no complaints. The rooms decor is looking a bit tired, although the art deco style is charming. This is a large hotel and we did not have much to do with any staff except the check-in who were pretty indifferent towards us - although they were not rude.The staff on the hotel transportation desk recommended they get us a car to the Airport and this ended up costing us at least double what it should and we felt pretty cheated. On the second stay, we caught the metro to JFK and it cost us about $10 dollars each.. (The transport the hotel arranged cost us closer to $80). The second stay was only for 1 night, 7 days later. We were given a standard room and it was very small. The bathroom was so tiny only one person could enter at a time. Again the room was clean, but it would not have been nice to spend more than 1 night there. Overall the location of this hotel is great - and if you get a large room you will be OK.	
Nov 25 2009 	highly reccomended	this is a great hotel to stay in .location great .just a block away from macys. the tic toc diner is attached to hotel. we got vouchers for contintenal breakfast .there is also a restraunt in hotel we did not use it.,our room was upgraded for us at no extra cost [it should have been 40 dollers extra a night].the rooms are not overly big but for the lenght of time you will spend in it what matter. we went to see mary poppins i would reccomend it, i went to see the x mas show two years ago in radio city i would definetly reccomend anyone to go to see this show it is brilliant.there is safe deposit boxes at reception at no extra cost. all the staff were very friendly. we booked tickets for a show from hotel and we really paid over the top for them so you might be better off booking from the theatre. over all we had a great stay at this hotel and will b back	
Nov 24 2009 	Excellent Location for New York shopping and tourist visitors	Just back from staying 3 nights at this hotel. excellent location right in the middle of new York, near madison Square garden, times Square and Shopping @ Maceys. facilites excellent with free internet access in room as well as visitors concierge who will organise tours and events for visitors. Also transport will organise check in and shuttle service to airport on departure. Rooms basic but comfortable with all requirements needed. hotel staff very helpful and area very safe. perfection location for anyone who wants to shop in new york. We used nearby metro and had no problem getting to all the tourist areas but there are lots of cabs available to use as well. would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York mainly for its location and comfort at a mid price.	
Nov 22 2009 	Convenient to Midtown	Just steps from NY Penn Station, the New Yorker (builit in 1929)has spruced itself up and offers convenience and value for folks ready to hit the town. Rooms are small - bathrooms are tiny, but are nicely appointed with good linens, plenty of pillows, HD TV and comfortable chairs. Ask for a view of the Empire State Building. There is a diner off the lobby, but a plethora of NY restaurants await. Staff was cordial and accommodating.	
Nov 20 2009 	Good quality - good location	Room was small for the money - but as expected for Manhattan I suppose. Pros: Comfortable beds. Central location (8th&amp;34th ... can walk to Times Square) on subway line. Refurbished rooms. Cons: Small room for more than 2 people. A bit of noise from other rooms, but not intolerable. Unreliable internet connection.Tip: For longer stays, check out the laundromats on 9th Ave between 34th and 40th.	
Nov 20 2009 	Nice hotel!	Arrived at the hotel and were told we were given an upgrade! Good start! The room looked as if it had been recently refurbished and was comfortable enough even though it was a bit small.Very friendly and helpful staff. i would find it hard to say anything bad about this hotel and would recommend it to any of my friends. Location-wise it's good too. Just a couple of blocks from the Empire state building and Macy's. It's also a 10-15 min walk fro times square. Lots of bars and resteruants close by though I would give the TGIFs across the road a miss.Well worth a visit!	
Nov 19 2009 	Awesome!	Beautiful hotel. The most comfortable beds EVER! Great location. Had a small issue but they were great about it! I'd go back!	
Nov 19 2009 	New Yorker Oct 09	Great location, art - deco styling was very nice, Mohammed at the front desk was awsome. Upgraded our room free of charge to an Empire State building view.	
Nov 19 2009 	Beware of check in process time	I'm from Germany and some of my friends stayed at this Hotel, they told me it was very convenient located, and it is, when we arrived to the hotel the line was huge we waited on line for more than 15 minutes, and that was a lot after an eight hour flight, when we arrived to the counter, we basically were waiting to be called, we saw that some customer service agents were busy but at the background there were 2 ladies too busy arguing about something we don't know; we were not aknowledge at all, then one of them called us, even though she did notice that we were there since the begining, she decided to call us when she felt like doing it, i believe her name is Ofelia, she spent another 15 minutes with us at the counter, when she was in the check in process she was on the phone most of the time, and I remember I asked her a cuestion and she even didn't noticed that, i believe she was talking with her relatives or a friend. Then we went to the room... and guess what?, she gave us the wrong room keys, we went back and the only thing she said was.. I'm sorry!..; very unfear, i believe!, so if you want to be on line for at least 15 minues and want to get wrong room keys, please don't hesitate to check in with this lady.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great location Good hotel OK rooms	We really enjoyed our stay, the location of the hotel was so convenient and the shopping on 34th street was pretty good too. The lobby, elevators and staff were fantastic. The night manager actually came up to my room at midnight and help me with IT support for my computer because I was having issues with my wireless internet. The room was small but very clean, the bathrooms and plumbing need to be updated. We were woken up one morning at 6 because the guy in the room next to us was having a shower and the pipes were really loud. Overall we had a great time and would stay here again.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great Hotel great location great price	I stayed here for 4 nights in August with my wife two kids and mother. We had two rooms, one was huge and the other a bit smaller but still space for two double beds, wardrobe, bathroom and a great view of the Empire State!! We had no issues with size or dirt, in fact the rooms were spotless and well serviced each day by friendly staff. In any case the time we spent in the room was literally for sleeping only as we were out sightseeing all the time! Location was perfect, 10 mins walk to Times square and the Empire State, and diagonally opposite madison square gardens and Penn Station, perfect for us as we were travelling on by train to Boston. We went to the Tick Tock diner every morning for breakfast and it was great, must have put on a stone with all those pancakes!! The diner does get packed but they seat you quickly still and any wait is worth it. Overall it was a perfect choice for us and the price was right as well. We will be going back again!!	
Nov 17 2009 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed at	Do not stay at this hotel. It is absolutely filthy. I travel at least once a month and stay at a variety of hotels and this is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. We are non-smokers and the room smelled of cigarette smoke as did the entire hotel. The halls were filthy, the lobby constantly smelled like nail polish and the service was terrible. We were put into a tiny room and when the smoke started to come in we asked to switch. The unpolite staff then switched us to a room with two tiny beds, big enough to only sleep one person so as a couple we were forced to sleep in separate beds. When asked for a larger bed they said no. We immediately checked out and switched hotels for the remainder of our stay. The reason this hotel is cheap is because they obviously take no care to clean the hotel.	
Nov 17 2009	The New Yorker Hotel	cool central location to explore the city, clean, well equiped rooms, wlan, a hotel with history, friendly people, fast check in and out	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Value and Location	We did a quick show/shopping trip with sisters and mom. Reserved two rooms. Make sure to ask for the suite with the city view. It's much larger. Bedding was awesome. Beds were comfy, sheets were luxury and the pillows were incredible. The hotel staff was very, very friendly and accomodating. The lobby was bustling with activity day and night. We ate at both the diner, Tick Tock and the hotel restaurant. Both were great values and delicious food. Steps from Penn. Sta and the subway.	
Nov 17 2009 	We recommend the New Yorker!	We just got back from a couple of nights in Manhattan and stayed at the New Yorker, primarliy to save money. We were very pleased and kind of surprised at the quality of this hotel. Yes, the rooms are small, very European only with a bigger bathroom and a big walk-in closet, but we aren't huge people so walking around our room was fine. It was very quiet, very clean, very well decorated (we LOVE art deco), the lobby had good security, the Tip Top Diner was great with tons of healthy food choices and the Cooper Tavern was a great little bar with a decent happy hour. The bed in our room was very cushy, very top notch mattress which means alot to us. Yes, there were plastic cups in the bathroom and the neighborhood isn't Park Ave but for the money, I would stay there again in a heartbeat. We've traveled all over the USA and Europe so we do feel comfortable making recommendations.	
Nov 17 2009 	Clean modern 	Just spent 4 nights at the New Yorker in a basic double room, south facing, 26 floors up. Very quiet up on the 26th floor, can't speak for lower locations. Room was clean and modern with small HD television. We didn't expect suite-sized this is New York after all.Staff were friendly and very helpful, esp. getting us an airport car at late notice.Tick Tock Diner is over-priced, over-busy but fun if you have time on your hands. There are plenty of nearby breakfast options and the subway is within spitting distance of the lobby.The garment district is not the most happening after hours but the New Yorker's location to shops and Madison Square Garden were the main reason for us booking.	
Nov 16 2009 	Good all rounder.........	Having left Las Vegas in temperatures of 102 we couldnt believe that it as only 36 in New York especially as all my research seemed to point to the fact that October is one of the best months to visit New York......... However what helped the pain of the weather was this fab hotel. The central heating / air con worked a treat and the room on the 32nd floor with fab view of Chrysler and Empire state was warm as toast in minutes.Our room was immaculate with lovely crisp white sheets and comfy beds. Large tv for the morning news report and ample lighting. The bathroom space left a lot to be desired. Two girls on holiday need lots of room for lotions and potions. This was sadly lacking and we were pleased we were only needing the bathroom for 4 days. Immaculate with lots of hot water and fluffy towels but would have loved to spread our potions about. Wardrobe likewise was rather on the small side.Location is fab with everything you want on your doorstep or a short walk away. The staff were extremley accomodating and helped us out of the rain a few times with our bags. Safes are free of charge but are located in the lobby. Would rather have mine in the room but hey a girl cant have everything. Be prepared to take lots of money to New York as everything costs...... a lot. An average meal in an Italian restaurant on 49th street ( i think) was $200 for four. That was one starter between four , 4 main meals, two deserts and two bottles of wine. Ouch ouch ouch ....... No wonder Macdonalds and starbucks are so popular. ( prefer proper food though ) Wouldn't hesitate to return to this gem of a hotel but we will return in the summer months when the weather is hopefully a whole lot better.	
Nov 15 2009 	Had a great trip	Just come back from staying at the New Yorker for four nights.Upgraded to a city view room for around £100 total, which was money well spent.Had a lovely art deco style kingsize bedroom with fabulous views of the city (the Empire State Building and Madison Square Garden were in clear view from our main window) and the hudson river, could even see the Statue of Liberty in the distance. Whilst the room wasn't huge, it was more than big enough. The tick tock diner was superb, definitely have to go there for breakfast - try Eggs Benedict, yummy!Received good service, room was very clean, hotel staff and guests always greeted us well. The bed was extremely comfortable, the pillows are the best we've slept on.Given the hotel location and experience, do not miss out on watching a Knicks game at Madison Square Garden either.	
Nov 14 2009 	For the price there's bound to be better.	Had a 5-night stay at the New Yorker Hotel. The hotel had some good plus points, with it being in a great central location, with clean rooms and good amenities. Some of the minus points were that the rooms were very small, the decor in the buildings and rooms was old, which gave the impression that it was dirty, even though the hotel and rooms were well cleaned daily. Some of the reception staff were unhelpful, bordering on rude. All in all we were left with the impression that when spending the money that this hotel charges, you are bound to get a better experience elswhere in the city.	
Nov 13 2009 	Start spreading the news...............	Stayed 3 nights here, handy for going anywhere in NYC. Room was clean comfortable &amp; tidy. Staff friendly enough. Location right across the street from Penn Station &amp; Madison Sq. Garden. Subway next to the hotel. Eating is not a problem, loads of places to chose from. Would certainly come back here and stay next time I come to the city.	
Nov 12 2009 	Perfect base...rooms may be small but clean comfortable and perfectly formed. Tick Tock Diner is a must...	Great hotel for discovering NYC. Rooms as stated in all the reviews were on the small side but hey....how long are you in your room in NYC? The room we stayed in was on 37th floor ..amazing views. Rooms had been recently refurbished sympathetically in the Art Deco style. Clean...beds very comfortable. Only small suggestion...and probably because we are typical English..no tea making facilities in our room. However there is a Starbucks right across and there was no objections to bringing in. Staff very pleasant and considering the vastness of the hotel couldn't fault the service. Transfer to Newark arranged for us from concierge. Tick Tock Diner is amazing.....a must taste experience...very busy and excellent. (People in line from off the street and from within the hotel). There was very little wait however...a well oiled team provided an excellent service. Extensive menu, free refils of coffee...so just order a small coffee!!! YUM! Also ate in the hotel resturant....a little on the expensive side but food was very good....	
Nov 11 2009 	A mixed bag	This is a beautiful hotel in a convenient location, with an excellent diner and restaurant on the ground floor. The beds are firm, the water hot, the cleaners efficient.That said - the rooms are truly tiny; the staff are variable and there are odd cheap gestures I wouldn't expect from a hotel apparently of this quality - the charge to leave your luggage till your flight, the lack of any bar or room service, the annoying daily cutoff of the free internet service. The bathrooms, to put it politely, are elderly.I was told that I couldn't change my room, as room type and floor depended on price - yet my travelling companion and I were placed ten floors apart and charged the same. Also, the man who checked us in couldn't seem to get his head round the fact that two men were sharing one room, but it was the solo female who was charging it all to her company card - we had a saga the next day of people being locked out of rooms because he hadn't applied the credit card to both rooms despite clear instructions.So, yes, it's a bargain - but there are reasons why it is, I guess.	
Nov 11 2009 	Good Stay	Hotel was good small room, but everything we needed in there. Be aware on check in you will be asked for a credit card or cash deposit. We had to leave a 300 dollar deposit. Safes are free of charge and located at reception. Only fault about our stay concierege were a bit rude if you asked them a question they directed you to reception, no eye contact or offer to help. i work in a Hotel and the questions I was asked could have been dealt with by them or in a more friendly manner. No other faults re the other staff they were all really friendly. Used the tick tock diner for breakfast ,food was good, however when you get your bill the staff write on a suggested tip, one day we didnt leave the suggested tip so the waiter came over and asked for it!!!! Suggestion??????? Good location to most things would stay there again.	
Nov 11 2009 	The New Yorker Great Location Great Hotel	I have just returned yesterday from New York where we stayed in the New Yorker. The hotel is in a great location not to far from Times Square we walked there serveral times and there was a lot to see on the way. It is one block away from Macy's 7th Ave, directly opposite Maddison Sq Gardens arena and very close to the Empire State Building.Blue and red Subway nearby too. the Hotel is lovely very Art Deco its very clean and the bed was very comfy. It is a huge hotel and is very busy people comming and going all of the time however the rooms were suprisingly quiet! The Tick Tock diner which is attatched to the hotel is great we only had breakfast in there and it was fantastic. It always looked busy however you never had to wait long for a table. Coopers Tarvern which is also attached to the hotel was really nice for a quiet night cap. Overall this hotel is a good value for money esp if booked from the UK as rates at the hotel are $299 per night.Just a tip if you go to Macy's show your passport at the vistors center and you get 10%discount which pays for your tax	
Nov 10 2009 	Great location small but comfertable rooms	We stayed at the New Yorker at the start of our east-coast trip to Miami. It was our second stay at the hotel and the location can't be beaten. It is located on W 34th st and 8 ave. across the street from Madison square garden. It lies next to Penn station, making it very accessible from the major airports and is perfect for visiting the major sites. Time square lies on walking distance (10-15 minutes). Although the rooms are very small its in consensus with the average NY hotel. Good price-quality relationship with clean rooms but mediocre bathroom.	
Nov 10 2009 	Would stay here again	Only stayed one night in the hotel, but was just fine. Stayed because close to Penn Station and Javits Center.-About 1.5 blocks from Penn Station-About 3 blocks (the longer blocks, ave. to ave.) from Javits-Checked in at about 11, no problem-Need to show key when entering elevator area-Hotel definitely has an older feel. Floor I was on had convoluted hallways, not as straightforward as a modern hotel. -Soda machine only on certain floors-I would say the room I was in was definitely on the smaller side, at least compared to the Marriott Marquis. Everything functioned and was clean. -Ate at both Coopers and Tick Tock diner (can access both from lobby). Coopers was a fine meal, and would go back again. I had a burger and fries at the diner, and it was probably the worst I've had: fries were dry, burger was dry and way overcooked. -Did not do any tourist stuff, but hotel is close to Macy's and Empire State Building-Did not have much contact with staff other than check in/out, showing key before entering elevator area, and asking for directions. These were all brief but fine.	
Nov 9 2009 	Wonderful Art Deco Hotel	Stayed at &quot;The New Yorker&quot; from 27th Oct -1st Nov 09 and found it to be exactly as described. The building and furnishings were classic 1930s Art Deco but had been kept up to scratch by a referbishment sometime. The reception staff were swift and efficient ( even though they had no knowledge of my booking) and it only took 5 mins to sort out and I checked in 3 hours earlier than planned.The room had 2 queens which is the norm Plasma Tv and a bath &amp; shower. We were 28 floors up overlooking MSG.We didn't bother with the Tick Tock diner for breakfast. Instead we utilised the small kiosk in the lobby which sold croisant ,coffee OJ fruit etc and I took breakfast to my wife in bed every morning which as you can imagine got me several brownie points.The room was cleaned every day and I would have no hesitation recomending this hotel to friends and will book to stay again.Also it is centrally located for walking or hoping on the subway.There is a good bar oposite left of the front door called The Houndstooth and a very good italian &quot;Marios&quot; round the corner on 9th+37th	
Nov 6 2009 	Good comfortable tourist hotel	My partner uses a wheelchair and It is sometimes difficult to get an accessible room - the hotel were helpful before arrival on this aspect and our room was excellent. The hotel is very large and anonymous and the friendliest staff were the security staff. Very centrally located, although not an area for high quality food. I would recommend getting a copy of the Michelin guide for NYC (it doesn't just contain starred restaurants but contains for instance Katz's deli) and you will find good restautants 20-30 minute walks away. The limousine we arranged to meet us fromJFK (via the hotel- for $70) turned out to be an SUV and inaccessible for my partner (despite having pre arranged and spoken to the manager about our needs). So be careful if arranging transport through the hotel. Finally - the free wifi had limited connectivity all the time we were there and to use the internet in the business centre was a dollar a minute!	
Nov 3 2009 	Good central and comfortable	We stayed at the New Yorker for a week at the end of October 2009. We were on the 27th floor and were impressed by the modern decor and efficient elevators, which were plentiful and fast. The lobby is a marvel in itself (maybe I'm easily pleased) and the location is perhaps the best thing about the place.Minuses would firstly be the staff on reception. We didn't have much interaction with them, just check-in and check-out really, and on both occasions, they could've been better.Check-in involved queuing in a very vague line, waiting to catch a staff member's attention rather than be called over. And instead of being welcomed, the member of staff seemed more concerned with outlining the dos and don'ts of the hotel, essentially reading the rulebook to us.Our room was quite small, but within NYC norms by all accounts. All furnishings and fixtures were impressive, as was the bed and TV. The shower, however, required extensive adjustment to get any temperature resembling bearable. My wife simply gave up on it, as it veered from freezing cold to boiling hot with the tiniest movement of the tap.We didn't eat at the hotel per se but we did try the hotel's Tick Tock Diner. While its finish seemed very authentic (we're big diner fans), the staff were again abrupt and more than a little world-weary and the food varied from ok (Denver Omelette) to not good (pancakes) to downright awful (the iced water, admittedly not really the hotel's fault!). We also tried the Skylight Diner nearby but neither came close to the Comfort Diner on East 45th St, which is well worth the walk.Funnily enough, the security staff were about the friendliest employees at the hotel. We got some pointers on good places to eat from one lady at the security desk and those checking for room keys at the elevators always had a smile. The hotel arranged seats for us on a bus to Newark Airport (€27 each) but fumbled a little in the execution of it, seemingly sending one bus to Newark with one couple on it and leaving the rest of us behind - apparently they had reached the NJ side of the Lincoln Tunnel before turning back. Then we were nearly sent on the wrong bus (to JFK). I really got the impression the staff were a little lazy in this aspect of their job.Overall, however, I'd love to return to the New Yorker. We had a very comfortable 7 nights there, the cleaning staff were in and out any day we wanted and left our room immaculate, showing a pride in their work clearly lacking amongst other (possibly better-paid) members of staff, the location is, as I've said, just about perfect and the facilities seem pretty good. One final note - we saw on the back of our door that the room rate is €299 to €499 per night and I spoke briefly with another guest in the elevator who had paid this much. Having paid much less than this, I would certainly not consider this hotel to be worth such a rate and I hope guests are paying significantly less than this in reality.Great	
Nov 3 2009	Great hotel!	The New Yorker Hotel is an awesome place to stay within the heart of Manhattan- just a couple of blocks away from the Empire State Buildung. The rooms a modern and comfortable. I also can recommend this hotel for business meetings or seminars.	
Nov 1 2009 	I love this hotel - perfect location 	Perfect for trains, subway, shops (Macys) &amp; Tick Tock Diner is FAB. Room great - only slept in it anyway!	
Nov 1 2009 	a good centre to stay	stayed here for a week 23rd oct to 30oct 09. the room was very good on the 36th floor, request a higher floor if you want a little more quite. queen bed average room size for new york, which means compact! cleaned regularly so this was fine. its a very busy hotel on the corner of 34th street and 8th avenue, ideally located for madison square geaden, literally the next block down. port authority terminal is 8 blocks straight up from the hotel and most of the shows are just up from there. we got a great deal and value on the price so just plan in advance. don't plan to eat there every night as there are a lot of good restaurants near by.	
Oct 31 2009 	Fantastic Location to Explore New York	Just returned from a 6 night break to New York, staying at the New Yorker on 34th Street. Excellent location within 1 block of Maceys and on the same street as the Empire State Building. Next to Penn Station giving easy access to the subway. Had a family room with 2 double beds on 32nd floor with ample space and plenty of room for storage. Bathroom on the small size and the shower released just a trickle of water. A very busy hotel with friendly and helpful staff. No safes available in rooms, however had free use of safe deposit boxes, with dual controlled keys within a safe room behind the reception desk. Free use of wifi on i pod touch in rooms and free use of computers in the business room for flight information and online check in. Took just under 1 hour to transfer by taxi from JFK at 2.30pm, However, booked hotel car for our return jouney to JFK at 3.30 and arrived at the airport at 5.45pm. Took 2 and a half hours in busy traffic with NYC traffic police closing off random streets in an attempt to keep traffic moving, however making it difficult to leave Manhatten. My advise would be to leave ample time for your return airport transfer. I will be using this Hotel again for future trips.	
Oct 31 2009 	Good location but disappointing over all	Stayed at the New Yorker for 4 nights October 2009. Good location near Macys, Empire State, Madison Square. This is a huge hotel ..... Lobby is big, busy and impersonal. Arrived late at night so had a quick check in. Reception staff efficient though not particularly friendly. Room was disappointing, clean but very small. Had been renovated but as a previous reviewer said &quot;no wow factor&quot; Bathroom didnt appear to have been renovated (nothing wrong with it exactly just not v modern). Was expecting more from the New Yorker for the price.	
Oct 29 2009 	4 seniors from dublin ireland	we stayed in the new yorker for 6 nights and found this hotel very good value for money. the staff were great all round room small but clean . location very good . the tick tock resturant in the lobby serves good quality food and reasonable. downsides are the bar next to lobby is good but some of the waiting staff expect larger than normal tips beware of this. after having afew drinks with some friends the waiting staff female. wanted18$ tip and being an irish man i was not having this i gave her 3$ tip she slung it back at me and i said fine with me thats 3$ up for me you lose. so beware of some of the waiting staff in coopers bar.	
Oct 27 2009 	Very impressed!	This was my first trip to New York. The hotel was in the perfect location for my convention. The staff was courteous and took care of my every need. I will stay there again!	
Oct 27 2009 	Fantastic Hotel 	Great Hotel in a great location for exploring the city. After disembarking our Aircraft at 1.30 pm, we arrived at this hotel by 2.30pm (using NJ Transit from Newark) less than an hour!Reception staff friendly and efficient, our room was not yet ready so did all the preliminaries, and the receptionist told us to come back at 3.00 for our key and to jump the queue and go straight to her to collect the key. Information desk printed our boarding cards for our return again very friendly Guy on the desk.We had a beer in Coopers Tavern, the hotel bar whilst waiting and unlike the previous reviewer (perhaps they were overcharged?) we found that the beer charged at $4.50 was cheap particularly if you compare to central London and even our own local pub. We had a drink there a couple of times either before going out of an evening and or on our return, pleasant place and nice friendly atmosphereRoom was a good size for a city hotel, nicely furnished with 'period' Art Deco style fittings and very clean and fresh, this daily maid service did a very good job. In fact the entire hotel was kept clean and tidy.The lobby is quite impressive especially if you like the Art Deco period (of which i am a great fan) and the refurbishment that has been completed to bring the Hotel back to its former glories is impressive.This is a great position for a hotel to explore the city, a subway station immediately outside, Penn Station over the road. Empire State building less than 10 mins ways (passing Macy's to get there). We walked to Times square again 10 mins.There are not really any decent restaurants in the immediate vicinity unless you like chains (TGI Friday opposite) but a Taxi is so cheap you can get any where reasonably and the Subway is $2 a ride so you don't need to eat near here if you don't want to do that just walk as you are close enough to most things.There are a couple of good deli's on 38th we used for Breakfast although you can use the Tick Tock Diner, or the hotel sells coffee and pastries in the lobbySo to summarise, great location, great value, great hotel.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great value and location!	Just arrived back from the New Yorker today. There are sooo many hotels to choose from in NYC, and to read all of the reviews would take forever. I asked a friend who goes to NY fairly often where she recommended we stay, and she asked &quot;do you want a reasonable, clean hotel in a good location?&quot; and recommended the NY'er. She was right. We booked our trip through Travelocity and had no problems at all. I travelled with my mom, and on Travelocity, the only room choice available at the time of booking was a queen bed, which we could have dealt with, but when we arrived they asked if we wanted two double beds and gave that to us with no additional charge, although when I called the previous day and asked about ti they said it would cost an extra $50 per night, but we got it for nothing. The hotel has been renovated recently. We thought the room was a fine size for NY, a little tight, but not super small. It was fine for the two of us. The room looked newly painted, the beds were very comfy, with lots of pillows, and it was clean. The bathroom could have used a little updating, but was clean and everything worked fine. We did not have a great view from our room. but that was ok with us, as were weren't there much to enjoy it anyway. We did not try Coopers Tavern, but did get desserts from the 24 hour Tick Tock Diner off the lobby. They were reasonable and great for a late night sweet tooth! Starbucks across the street if you're a die hard for it. But also coffee in the lobby (to buy, not complimentary). No coffee maker in our room. Within walking distance of Times Square (about 8 blocks), Macy's, Empire State Buiding. Free safe deposit boxes for your valuables in the lobby. If I went back to NY, I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 25 2009 	An OK hotel	Location wise the hotel can't really be faulted, only 5 mins from Time Square. This did have the negatives however of the local neighborhood being very pricey to eat in etc compared with other areas but it was nice being so central. The hotel was OK - it is a huge hotel so not especially personal and not very friendly, but not downright rude either. Our room was small but clean, big enough for what we wanted but didn't have any &quot;wow&quot; factor. It was tastefully decorated and quiet. The bar was very expensive (this did reflect prices locally) we were charged $18 for a glass of wine and a bottle of beer in happy hour, so beware of that. Tick Tock diner was very nice with large portions but was also expensive at about $15 for breakfast - I'd recommend walking about 5 mins away from Time square to eat similar foods for half the price.We had a fantastic time in NY but next time would pay slightly more and stay somewhere more upmarket or pay the same for somewhere more personal a little further from the centre.	
Oct 24 2009 	A real feel of Classic New York	Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in September for what was my first ever visit to New York City. As it was a trip I had been very keen to do for some time, I had high expectations for the visit, and staying here really added to the experience. This was due to the decor of the building, with obvious influence from the Art Deco era when the hotel was initially built. The bedroom appeared fresh, with a few nice features to act as a reminder of the hotel's history.Although we only paid for a Metro Room, we were upgraded upon arrival to a City View room on the 27th floor, which was greatly appreciated and gave us a fabulous view of the Empire State from our window, and also the Chrysler. One thing which was particularly good is that the room was quite quiet considering it was in the middle of Manhattan, and given how busy the city is, it was nice to be able to retreat back to a peaceful room at the end of the day (though you could still hear the sirens etc sometimes). The location was also good, with the Empire State, Macy's and Times Square all within easy reach on foot.We found the staff to be friendly and polite, and I would also recommend the Tick-Tock diner which is situated on the Ground Floor of the hotel.I would definitely stay here again if I was to return to New York City.	
Oct 24 2009 	WE WOULD RECOMMEND THE NEW YORKER	We have just returned from our second trip to New York in nine months and would highly recommend the New Yorker.We loved everything about the hotel, from the minute we walked into the Reception area.The Art Decor style is really nice, from the chandelier in Reception, to the lifts, the corridors and our room.Our room was on 33rd Floor with a fantastic view of the city, it was wonderful to see everything lit up after dark.The room was refurbished, quite small but with enough room for both of us. The bathroom was clean and a decent size. We could hear neighbouring rooms toilets flush and their shower as mentioned before. The air con/central heating was useful as we had a mixed bag of weather.The location also scores top marks with us, Macys is at the end of the street with the Empire State Building on the next block. Times Square is a few minutes walk away and Maddison Square Garden directly opposite.The hotels 24 hour diner - Tick Tock was also very nice, as well as popular, there were often queues at breakfast time!The staff were very helpful, it was a good idea to have to show your room card before you could enter the lift as there was always a lot of people milling about.We were able to store our luggage with the bell boy on our last day, however we had to pay $3 for two suitcases and a backpack.One word of warning, when arriving at JFK we were approached by a man asking if we wanted a taxi, when I asked the cost, he said I have a table in the car to show you - it all seemed genuine enough. He then proceeded to take us past the row of yellow cabs into a nearby multi storey, we realised then, this was not a licensed, genuine taxi driver.He then got a printed brouchure from his car and showed us that a midtown hotel would be $90 plus toll and tip. This was our excuse to get away. When we joined the yellow cab queue there was a group of these unlicensed men approaching people. Our genuine yellow cab was a set fee of £45 plus toll and tip. Putting that aside, the New Yorker is an excellent base and we will look no further on our next trip to New York.	
Oct 23 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!	All we can say is what a fantastic hotel. I great location for exploring the city, within five minute walking distance of the empire state building, time square and just across the road is madison square gardens, ideal if you see a concert or sporting event.The staff were really friendly and we felt even safer as there was a hotel representative by the lifts to make sure only guests enter the room floors.The rooms are an ideal size for a base. Bathroom with bath and shower. Flat screen TV and one of the most comfortable hotel beds we have slept in for a long time. The hotel has kept it's art deco feel, so you feel like you are stepping back in time without losing any of the modern comforts.We would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 22 2009 	Very good value - ideal location!!!	Fab hotel for what you pay, its old but well kept and just recently been renovated, would stay there again within reasonble walking distance to everywhere (but we like walking).	
Oct 21 2009 	Discusting Hotel Room	Probably the dirtiest hotel room I have ever stayed in in my entire life. There was a path of dirt from the door to the bathroom. It looked as if it hadn't been vacumed in a month. I could not bring myself to take a shower because of the massive clumps of long black hair in the bathtub. When it came time for bed I slept in my clothes, one top of the blankets, on top of the rest of the clothes in my suitcase. I took pictures of the hair clumps.	
Oct 20 2009 	Much improved in the last 2 years! Extremely comfortable stay!	We've stayed here for our last 3 trips to NYC, on this occasion for a total of 4 nights on 3 separate mini-visits to the City (6th, 14th/15th and 18th October) in 3 different rooms - all excellent. Our last night was in room 3520 - excellent view of the Empire State and Chrysler buildings (while lying in bed - how cool is that?), but the smallest of the 3 rooms. The largest room (2 queen beds) was 2938, with a similar view from windows at the side. And our first night (after our flight from London) was on the 22nd floor, with a 'standard' view of NY rooftops and water tanks. All 3 rooms were perfectly clean, with excellent beds, an abundance of good lighting (definitely better than anywhere else we've stayed in New York or London), free wifi, flatscreen TVs, pleasant toiletries... Unlike our previous visits, our experience this time was of a hotel that's been freshly decorated and extremely well maintained. The only 'negative' is the (unexpected) sound of plumbing from adjacent rooms, as mentioned by another recent reviewer.Staff were very friendly and helpful, and it's worth noting that after checkout you can leave your bags ($1 per bag for the day; $2 per bag per overnight if you'll be returning to the hotel in a couple of days as we did) - very useful as there are no longer any bag check facilties/lockers in Penn Station.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good value - small rooms vith fantastic views	We stayed four nights in the NYH and payed extra to have the city view. First offer was an excellent view of the Hudson River and New Jersey. The receptiondesk helped to find a room with a view of the city. No problem, and what a view. We woke up every morning with the Empire State Building in almost full size. The room was small, clean, with bathtub and new flatscreen. The Tic toc diner at street level is also a good place to have breakfast. All in all, we loved the stay, since many sights of NYC are easy to reach from here.	
Oct 18 2009 	Very almost there...	My husband and I stayed at the New Yorker this week, for one night. This was our first visit to NY, the last night of a week in New England. The hotel is beautiful, the room was lovely, we were upgraded to a city view room because of an extra payment we made on booking, overlooking Madison Square Garden, the Empire State and the Chrysler Building. The design of the room and bathroom is beautiful art deco, and was perfectly clean. When we arrived to check in we were early but told to return at 1pm. At 1pm our room still wasn't ready so we ended up waiting in the lobby for half an hour. This was slightly annoying as we were happy to leave luggage, and only went back to check in because we were told the room would be ready, otherwise we'd not have wasted that time waiting. New York is amazing, and after a long afternoon sight seeing we went to bed at about midnight, but had a terrible night's sleep, partly because we had been on the go for so long, but partly because all noise from the corridors sounded as if it was happening in our room, it was so noisy. Also when the bathroom was used next door, the water pipes sounded very loud in our room. I appreciate that the hotel is old (1929) but we expected a quieter experience. The hotel is lovely, and perhaps we were unlucky to have inconsiderate floor mates who thought rooms were sound proofed, but next time we go to NY we will either stay somewhere more modern, hoping for better sound proofing, or outside of Manhattan. Public transport is so easy to use so travelling in from Brooklyn for example would be no issue. I would not automatically stay here again, but wouldn't avoid it. We would recommend the hotel to a friend as it was lovely, but warn that some rooms may be noisy like ours. We were very tired the following day and with the next full night's sleep 48 hours away due to travelling home, this wasn't ideal.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good Standard ideally situated hotel	Just back from a five nights stay with friends. Hotel staff friendly, rooms and bathrooms clean and the tick tock diner was handy for breakfast.Because of the hotel's location to many of the sights we wanted to see, we were able to walk rather than rely on the subway to get around. 2minutes to macys, 10 minutes to the empire state building, 15 to times square and 20 minutes to the rockafeller centre and abercrombie &amp; fitch. We did use the subway to go to ground zero and to catch the ferry to liberty &amp; ells island. Would recommend you take one of the bus trips available on your first day to familiarise yourself with Manhattan - well worth the money.	
Oct 17 2009	Love this hotel	Stayed here 3 times - every single time I've ever been to NYC.Best location near sub, Times Square, Empire State, Macys - you name it..Very friendly staff - always very helpful, eg when you need a cap or minibus to the airport - or if you arrive at midnight after missing your plane and REALLY need a place and a toothbrush...Free wifi on all rooms..Clean, nice rooms in very difference size and with very different views of the city.Try the TickTock-diner - sometimes a bit crowded, but always GOOD food and FRIENDLY service..	
Oct 16 2009	Lovely hotel great location renovated room perfect!	I stayed here with my mother on a girls shopping trip for 4 nights. The hotel was great for our needs. We upgraded to a renovated room which was very spacious with a lovely flat screen TV and fine view of the river, although I think in hindsight, a city view would have been more impressive. Batheroom was clean and big enough. The hotel is right near Macy's, has a tube station right outside and a good old fashioned american style cafe which served excellent choc chip pancakes downstairs.Would def recommend and go again if I get the opportunity!	
Oct 16 2009 	Would definitely stay here again	4th visit in NYC; stayed at Red Roof Inn (RRI) 2 previous times but rates there have significantly increased. Booked the New Yorker at a cheaper rate than RRI (Travelocity special), same area of Manhattan but far nicer amenities. Completely renovated and refurbished Art Deco hotel with history. Rooms are good size for New York. Bathrooms are clean and fair sized (however, little room to place toiletries). Bed is very comfortable (I haven't experienced this in a hotel in a long time) though there is some noise outside at night (frequent police and other sirens). The free internet is surprisingly fast. Near most subway lines and walking distance to Macy's (across the street), Times Square, Theater District, etc. You can't go wrong, whether it's for business or leisure.	
Oct 15 2009 	Good Hotel !! Very central !	Your are in the middle of New York.. if there something like that....You can reach Macey's, Timesquare, Empire State Building easily by foot, therest by subway.... room and bathroom were small and clean, the beds are comfortable. LCD TV and free internet access. There is also a gym available.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great hotel - great location.	Recently stayed here for three nights. Great location, though a little tough to get to if driving in from the Lincoln Tunnel as we didn't know that the parking for the hotel is on 8th. The size of the hotel room was big, by New York standards. Parking for $35 per day was good - although we haven't paid for parking in New York City anywhere else.	
Oct 13 2009	Great Location!!	My daughter and I stayed at this Hotel and loved it. The rates were reasonable and the location is great. We walked just about everywhere and all the subway stations are close by.. The room wasn't very big , but it was clean and quiet.. We didn't come to New York to stay in the room anyhow.	
Oct 13 2009 	good value hotel	Me and my husband have just come back from a 5 night stay at the New Yorker Hotel and we had a great stay. At check in we were given a complimentary room upgrade and we have lovely views of the Emipre State Building which was an added bonus. The hotel was value for money and very clean, it was a great location you were able to walk to the majority of the sights. Would return to the New Yorker again if visiting New York which we hope to do so at some point over the next couple of years.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great place to stay to celebrate daughters 21st birthday!	Great hotel and oustanding location. Center of everything, walking distance to everything, steps to subway. Our only complaint was our room was way too small, but not sure of all rooms.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Hotelwill visit again one day.	Great hotel in a great location for just about everything you want to do in the Big Apple.Taxi ride from airport $55 with toll and tip and no problems, 45mins trip.Room we had was not over large, but all we wanted was a bed and somewhere to shower and change.Staff all very helpful and would help out with anything.Tick Tock resturuant is ok but better and cheaper resturuants just along 8th ave,The Food Court is very good ,just watch the amount of Americans that eat in there on 8th/45th ave,food heaven.Charlie Os further along ave you can get a cheap beer $4 or selected cocktails $5 in the Happy Hours.Tips, watch out for service charges, from what i gathered this includes the tip so you dont have to pay if your not happy with your service.If you want tickets for the shows on Broadway, go to Times Square for 3pm and join the queue, it looks worse than it is,they get you through very quickly and tickets are 40/50% cheaper.	
Oct 11 2009 	Fantastic hotel and location	Just returned from this hotel and what can i say its fab, the hotel was very clean and staff were very friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel is even better just round the corner from macys and 10 min walk to times square. The tick tock dinner at the hotel was really nice but a little over priced i thought. You have a macdonalds across from you and also a starbucks and a TGI fridays. Request a high floor as you will get a excellent view we was on the 37th floor and it was great. All in all the hotel and the trip was fantastic could not complain at all would return to this to this hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Outstanding Hotel in a Fantastic Location	This is a very impressive hotel which was central to all the sights we wanted to see on our first trip to New York. The service on arrival and departure was friendly and efficient, we even got our cases put in the boot of the taxi for us! The rooms were clean with very comfortable double beds. When we go back to New York, we will definately stay in The New Yorker again.	
Oct 8 2009	Great location and friendly staff made up for any shortcomings here.	Our room was very small and had no view of the city at all. But it was very clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. It was located close to subway stations, but we were able to walk to many of the attractions that we went to see, i.e., Empire State Building,Times Square. Tick Tock Diner in hotel was good, but not special. But there were several very fine restaurants within walking distance. I would probably stay here again if I return to NYC.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel with historic Art Deco feel and modern amenities	Loved this hotel, clean and efficient, and extremely conveniently located. Booked my room for little over $100 and it couldn't have been more worth it. Comfy bed, super quiet room, and what a great bathroom - felt like I was in the NY of the 30's. Would stay again for sure.	
Oct 8 2009 	great view and location SMALL rooms	For a first time trip to New York, this is a great pick. It's close to EVERYTHING and walking distance to every New York attraction. It is literally right across the street from Madison Square Garden. It is perfect for our situation, a couple. NOT a family. The rooms are far too small. The diner connected to the lobby is pretty excellent, The Tick Tock Diner. We ate there almost every uber late night we had out. Staff was very friendly and accomodating.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel and location	Just back from a few days in New York and we stayed in the New Yorker. A little concerned before we went after reading the reviews but I have to say it was excellent. We got very good rates at 1800 hotels. Upon check in the very pleasant receptionist upgraded us to a suite and it really was lovely. Spacious and quiet! The location is great and the diner was good for a quick bite. Only downside was that check in and check out at reception was very slow due to the high level of business. Would definately go back!	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel Great Location	Just returned from New York after staying 4 nights with my friend.We flew into Newark and got a yellow cab to the Hotel, but returned to airport in one of the Hotels executive cars which cost us the same price as the yellowcab but much more stylish just book with Consierge in reception.On arrival check in was very easy and greeted by Mohammed who was very nice and friendly , we were given a free upgrade in a room on the 37th Floor fantastic views over the city and the Empire State Building.the only problem with this is that your ears pop after about floor 32 and it takes a few hours to get used to the altitude.Location is great just 1 block from Macys, times square 10 - 15 minutes walk, central park 25 mins walk.My friend and I walked for miles and miles but there is so much to see en route you dont even notice.This city is fantastic if you are doing all of the touristy things invest in a new york city pass before you go , we paid £110 dollars each , collected them from Planet Hollywood in Times Square ,and you get free entry into over 50 attractions and miss out on some of the queues as it works like a fast pass, empire state, rockerfeller centre, statue of liberty, madame tussauds definately worth the money.We used the tick tock diner every morning for breakfast and although I am a bit of a tea and toast girl first thing the cooked breakfast looked really nice.We also came back here a couple of nights and the food was very nice and staff very friendly.Highlights for us were Statue of Liberty, empire state building at night, shopping (Tiffanys, Macys, Bloomingdales) and we also booked Sex in the City tour which is highly recommended if you are a fan of the show , you see all the locations, eat cupcakes from the Magnolia Bakery (which were to die for) and 2 or 3 Cosmopolitans in Steves bar in the afternoon, life doesnt get any better.Cant wait to return	
Oct 7 2009 	It's Okay	Most hotels in New York are expensive. This hotel was a little bit cheaper than the rest. The rooms were small and the bathroom was even smaller, but at least it was relatively clean. I actually think this hotel was better than expected, especially after reading the mixed reviews on this site. The best part about the hotel was its proximity to Pen station and Times Square. This hotel is a good home base if you like walking around and spending time site seeing.	
Oct 7 2009 	Look a mouse!!!	Had tickets to a concert at MSG this past Friday so we decided to stay at The New Yorker. The hoter has a GREAT LOCATION and the check in went fast. The rooms and beds are small but hey in New York no? While half the party staying went to the concert the other part stayed at the hotel and found a mouse YES a mouse I said. We were moved to another room but with no help from the bellman to move the luggage. We received comp breakfast at the diner and an hour later check-out which I think was not enough.Yeah so I don't think we'll be staying again	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Location...	I used the reviews on this website and for the money chose The New Yorker Hotel. This hotel is in a great location, minutes from everything including the Subway. You can take the very clean E train really anywhere up and down the West side of the City. The room was very nice and clean. The bathroom was older and small yet functional. We had a wonderful view of the Empire State Building and The Crysler Buidling from our room. The only downfall during my stay at the New Yorker was the dinging of the elevator reaching the floor-our room was right by the elevator. The Tic Toc diner was good and not that expensive. All of the chain resturants in the area jack up their prices so don't be alarmed. Do some research for resturants prior to coming. It was a challenge to find a great resturant in mid town. Keep in mind 9th avenue headed south is where all the clubs are...The Museum of Natural History is huge so if you plan on going make a day of it. SoHo and Central Park were my favorite spots.	
Oct 6 2009 	Never Again	I just spent two nights (of three prepaid nights) at The New Yorker Hotel in Manhattan. Considering the price people probably wonder why leave early. Well, I entered my room after checking in and was a little disappointed with the size but oh well it's Manhattan. What I didn't expect was to share my room with the largest cockroach I've ever seen in my life. I immediately called housekeeping, and after hearing that I had a cockroach in my room, the housekeeping manager herself came upstairs and they of course moved me into another room. While she was very friendly I still cut my stay as short as possible and would never stay there again. Cockroaches don't travel alone - where there is one, there are many. And Hotel management didn't do anything to make this up to me. No apology, no upgrade to a nicer room, which makes me wonder if they are used to it ...	
Oct 6 2009	Pleasantly Surprised	My mum booked this hotel as part of a package trip and when I checked reviews on tripadvisor I was not expecting much, but it was excellent. The location is great for getting around, there is a subway station (Penn Station 34th Street) right next door which runs on the C &amp; E line right down to the World Trade Centre Site and all up the west side of Central Park (you can also get the A train but this is the express and doesn't do all the stops on the way - as I found out too late when we carried on past 72nd Street where I wanted to stop!) The Empire State Building is a couple of blocks away, Times Square is within a 10 minute walk, Macy's and major clothes stores are within a few minutes walk on 7th Avenue and it's easy to walk downtown to Chelsea, Union Square etc. Our room was fantastic - I had managed to blag an upgrade for my mums birthday - and was spacious, modern and clean with a good sized bathroom with bath and shower, a huge TV with sattelite channels, a desk and armchairs. One small gripe was that I tried to have a shower in the evening and the water was cold, it was about 9.30pm though and other evening swhen I was a little earlier were no problem. We were lucky to have a room looking directly onto the Empire State Building, quite impressive to wake up and fall asleep looking at! The check-in girl that served me was immensely helpful, polite and friendly and all the other staff and belboys we encountered were the same (3 of them even passing around a bottle of wine we couldn't uncork until someone managed too do it) and we were pleasantly surprised that they weren't expecting tips - with the belboys we had the money in our hand but the just got on with their job and didn't hang around expectantly.There are no tea/coffee facilities in the room but there is a diner next door, McDonalds across the road, Starbucks around the corner and lots of other fast food places and convenience stores, with most offering hot food and drinks to have in or take away. The only letdown of the location for me was the availability of good food: if you love fast food you'll be spoilt for choice but if you prefer fresher, less greasy, healthier options you will have to go a little further afield, especially for breakfast and dinner. The hotel restaurant, Coopers, is ok but does have quite a limited menu. For lunch and light breakfasts (croissants/pastries/French toast) and good coffee there is a Dean &amp; Deluca five minutes walk away, heading towards 7th, on the ground floor of the New York Times Building which has fantastic sandwiches, snacks, cakes, cappucinos and hot chocolate!To sum up, I would definitely recommend the New Yorker to anyone that wanted to have easy access to the main sightseeing musts of NYC but I would recommend that you asked for a room above the 20th floor - we were on the 32nd and had no problem with noise but I had seen reviews where people had complained about street noise. Now that I've seen the sights though I would choose to stay in Greenwich Village which is less busy and has a less crazy vibe. The New Yorker is great for seeing the sights and being central but it isn't in the best area and the surrounding area is very busy, but I always felt safe and found it easy to get back to and there were always cabs around too if you don't fancy the subway, although it is easy to use.	
Oct 5 2009 	Broom closet for a room	Small room, tiny bathroom - no shelf to put toothbrush on etc. No coffee making facility. No assistance with luggage.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great hotel in a great location	I stayed in the new yorker for 3 nights at the end of september with my partner. We didnt arrive at the hotel until 10.30pm, there was no queue at reception and the receptionist was really friendly. The lobby of the hotel is beautiful and huge. We went up to our room and the corridors are a bit drab but our room was perfect for our trip, it was clean, colourful and comfortable and had a large bed. The room itself was a bit small but no smaller than other rooms I have stayed in, in new york. There was plenty of room for the two of us and our two large suitcases. The bathroom has a bath with a shower over it and a toilet and is clean and big enough for purpose. The hotel is within walking distance of so many things, the empire state building can be seen from the hotel, you can walk to central park, down to the financial district, chelsea, soho. If you dont want to walk penn tube station at madison square garden is right across the road. For location and cleanliness i would book this hotel for my next stay in new york.	
Oct 5 2009 	Fantastic Hotel. Great views	I took my partner to New York as a surprise for her 30th birthday. I obviously wanted everything to be perfect, and it was.I took a lot of time reading reviews of the many hotels in New York and finally decided on the New Yorker. All of the hotels seem to have mixed reviews, I suppose it's everyone's personal experiences.My experience of the New Yorker was extremely good. I booked the holiday and then emailed the hotel directly to upgrade to a city view room. The hotel were very helpful and responded to all my requests prompty.We arrived at the hotel at around 1pm. The room check in was from 3pm, however there was no issue with this and we were checked in immediately. We were also upgraded further to a tower room for just the cost of the city view upgrade that I had already requested. The room was on the 39th floor and the views were fantastic, down to the financial district and the statue of liberty (which you could just about see :o).The room was a good size, presumably as we had been given a tower room, not sure what the standard rooms were like. The room was probably what you would usually get at other vacation spots but was probably bigger than usual for New York judging by other reviews. The room was clean and comfortable.We had a fridge in the room which had some cans of pop and water when we arrived. These didn't get replaced, but I couldn't really complain as we'd been upgraded at no extra charge anyway. I then realised, with all of the excitement that I had forgotten to tip the cleaner so left a tip, surprise, surprise the fridge then magically was re-stocked :o).The location was pretty good although I think staying closer to Central Park or Times Square would have been a bit easier on the feet :o)Overall I was very pleased with the hotel. The location was good the staff were very helpful and friendly and I would be more than happy to stay there again.General New York tips:Don't forget to tip, 15 - 20% is usual.Plan what you want to do as there is soooooooo much to do, you won't fit it all in.Do the tourist stuff - you won't regret it.Don't go to &quot;21 Club&quot; resturant, I've never been to such a pretentious boys club in my life. As soon as we got there we both just wanted to leave. It's dark, dingy, the food is over priced and average at best. Most of the staff seem to walk round with their head up their own rear ends.I took my partner on the World Yacht Dinner cruise for her birthday. I was a bit worried that it may be a bit cheesy and overpriced, but it was one of the best nights of my life. Great food. Great atmosphere, fantastic sights - A must do in my opinion, worth every penny.I hope you all enjoy your trip to New York as much as I did	
Oct 3 2009	Excellent Hotel 	The New Yorker Offers an excellent location near to most of the major sites (Empire state building Times Squares &amp; Broadway and also the subway and penn st station)The hotel was clean and the staff efficient and friendly. Our room was very stylish with a fantastic view of the Empire state building and also the hotel provide free wi-fi to guests.We had a great time in New York and this hotel added to our enjoyment.	
Oct 2 2009 	There is nothing to fault with this hotel...	... at least in the context of where it is. A mid-town Manhattan hotel, across the road from Madison Square Garden and one block away from Macy's is about as good a location as you can get for a New York city break. The down-side to that is you are occupying some very expensive real estate, so don't expect 'big'. With that expectation in check, our room was a very pleasant surprise. A 'queen' room on the 33 floor at the back of the property, yes it was small, but perfectly functional. The hotel revels in its Art Deco history, and the decor of the room continues this very well. But for the flat screen tv and free WiFi, one could imagine yourself back in the 1930s - though I stress that the furnishings are new, clean and very comfortable.This is a constantly busy property with a lot of comings and goings, and is in the centre of THE major metropolitan area. However, we found our entire five night stay to be reasonably peaceful, with only the occasional siren penetrating our sleep. Oh, and the murder one block away on Sunday evening was surely just an aberration and not something to hold against the hotel!Friendly staff, helpful service, striking building. A definite recommend.	
Sep 30 2009 	Brilliant Location - I Love NY	As we drove from Newark airport to the hotel you couldn't miss it. A very large building with a massive sign saying &quot;NEW YORKER&quot;. My friend and I were very excited about visiting New York and couldn't wait to get to our room as we had been up graded thanks to our brilliant Travel Counsellor Saranna, we were going to get a city view with double double beds and thats exactly what we got. We were on the 34th floor with amazing views of the city and a clear view of the Empire State building which changed colour at night. Housekeeping was great, they even do an eco-friendly scheme where they encourage you to re-use your towels to save on washing.Unfortunately the only downfall was when we went to check-in...our room was not ready on time and we had to wait half an hour. I went over to ask if it was ready and she had forgotten about us and we werent the only ones forgotten about. Guests behind me had been waiting for an hour so im lucky that I went over to find out. When our room was finally ready the moody receptionist asked for my credit card ( i don't own one) I told her this and then I can give her my debit card but she wouldnt allow it. Then she demanded cash as a pre-auth. As a student I only had enough cash for the entire holiday. My friend and I were really disheartened as we were so excited to be there then this receptionist put us on a downer! I gave her $300 and eventually got it back at the end of my holiday.The location was brilliant. You could not ask for a better location. On the groud floor there is a Tick Tock diner which serves chocolate pancakes, yummy milkshakes and burgers. We visited the diner most days. The other restaurant we did not visit as it was a bit more expensive. The Empire State Building is a 10 minute walk, Macy's is 6 minute walk, Times Square is a 15 minute walk. Taxi's are really cheap compared to London. A taxi from the hotel to Staten Island Ferry was only $14. The hotel toilets were clean unlike the ones at Newark Aiport. We did not use the gym or the business centre but both looked fine. There is a gift shop also. Across the road from the hotel is everything you need. There is a McDonalds which is open 24hours, clothes shop, train station, TGI's, electronic store, bank etc.We went on a bike from the Rockerfeller Centre to the hotel which was only $20 and was well worth it, was a right laugh. I definately recommend going to the top of the Rockerfeller Centre, it was $20 but there is a guy walking around the bottom giving out coupons for $2 off each ticket. When you get to the top there is a 360' view of the city and you can see for miles. The views were amazing and is definately a must see! My friend and I went to see Mary Poppins in theatre which was fantastic and was $60 for the cheapest ticket which we bought from the information centre in Times Square, if you want even cheaper tickets in the middle of Times Square there is a stand called &quot;TKTS&quot; where on the day you can get half price tickets but its a long wait. Abercrombie and Fitch store in 5th Avenue has the hottest staff and you can get your picture taken by a very good looking male model! 5th Avenue has expensive shops but if you prefer somewhere with a bit of both go to Soho.If your looking to go clubbing I recommend going to the Meat Packing District but try and get on the guest list as we waited an hour on a Saturday night to get in a club and we still could not get in! We went to a comedy club one evening which was absolutely hilarious and would encourage anyone to go, only $10 and they sell these tickets in Times Square. $40 dollars for a horse and cart ride round Central Park which was relaxing.Definately go and see the Statue of Liberty but go on the Staten Island Ferry which goes every half hour and takes 25minutes and its free! Walk over Brooklynn bridge just before the sunsets which has spectacular views. Grand central is a beautiful building but the underground is mega hot.	
Sep 30 2009	You must stay here !!!!	My daughter and I have just returned from New York and had the pleasure of staying in the New Yorker Hotel on 8th Avenue. It was the first time either of us had been to New York and on arrival at the hotel we were very impressed to say the least. It is billed as Art Deco and that's just what it is. It's nice to see that not every hotel has to look &quot;super modern&quot;. The lobby is amazing and if you get chance just grab a seat and people watch. We were on 25th floor and were very pleased with the room. We had 2 large beds which were extremely comfortable and plenty of pillows ( something most european hotels could do with providing ! ) and clean crisp white sheets. The bathroom was large and had a bath as well as a shower and was spotless. Everything about the room was so clean and welcoming. Our room was on the front of the building but in an alcove so we had a view but were shielded from trafffic noise. Having said that I have to say it was one of the quietest hotels I have ever stayed in. The cleaning staff were unobtrusive and very friendly as were all the staff at the hotel. The Tick Tock diner which is joined onto the hotel is really great. I'd read it was expensive but I have to say I've paid more in England and I didn't get the quantity or quality of food we had here. (Try the deserts !!) There is also a restaurant attached called Coopers but we didn't try that as we were working our way down the Diner menu!!! Location is superb. Macy's, The Empire State Building, Times Square and the Rockefeller Centre all withing easy walking distance and 2 subway stations really close to the hotel will take you all over Manhattan. We booked our holiday through Let'sgoto.com and I would recommend this company as they sorted everything brilliantly. If you're looking for a great hotel that won't break the bank this is the place for you. My daughter is already making plans to return to New York and this hotel is definitely where she wants to stay. Thanks to all at the New Yorker for making it such a great holiday.	
Sep 29 2009 	Perfect Location	We did a lot of research before booking with the New Yorker, and we weren't disappointed... great location, only 5 mins walk from Penn Station. Rooms very clean, we were on 29th floor so no problems with traffic noise. Bed very comfortable and clean linen. Maid service excellent. We visited the Tick Tock diner, which is just next door, every morning - great food, large portions and we thought excellent value for money... set us up for the day before we visited all the different sights! Empire State Building only 15mins walk from the hotel, similar time to Times Square and Broadway. Macys only 5 mins walk! Staff were very friendly. Would definitely recommend to others.	
Sep 29 2009	perfect location	When my sister booked this hotel we were told by a friend in new york this hotel was in a pretty rough place and it wasn't up to much but we found it absolutely brilliant from check in to leaving the hotel it surpassed everything . The rooms were newly refurbished, we were on the 31st floor over looking the empire state building , Madison square gardens what a view!! the beds where so comfy and the tick tock diner was great I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting new york for a short break.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent Hotel 	We have just returned from a 4 nt stay at The New Yorker and we honestly could'nt fault it. From check-in to check-out the staff were so friendly and helpful. Our room was on the 20th floor and small but very clean and comfortable. We had breakfast in the Tick Tock diner every morning and thought it was good value and very tasty. The location is great and i would'nt hesitate in recommending it to anyone.Lorraine	
Sep 28 2009 	Enjoyable hotel 	This hotel is ideally located for travel around the city and close to plenty of night life especially Madison Square Gardens across the road. The hotel has an art deco feel from the lobby to the rooms. The room was very clean and the bed comfortable. It was a little tight for space but that's Manhattan for you! The bathroom was a good size and the shower was good. The staff provided a good and friendly service. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Manhattan.	
Sep 27 2009 	Close to everything	Close proximity to all of Manhatten. Foyer was amazing however rooms were probably what we expected for the expensive NYC. Small, noisy (from renovations in the room next to us), but the good thing it was nice and high above the traffic noise - therefore not 'in your face NYC noise'. Overall good proximity was worth the expensive price tag.	
Sep 25 2009 	Nice Hotel at an OK Price	Great location near Madison Sq. Garden / Penn Station made it easy to get around the City. Hotel was bustling and check-in line moved quickly. Room was a OK-sized for NYC, but bed was short to save space. If you're over 6' tall, your feet will be hanging off the end. Furniture and amenities were very nice. Bathroom did not have enough shelf space, just a 4&quot; strip below the mirror and above the pedestal sink. OK for the single traveler, but it'll be a challenge for a couple (or family).Lobby area was nice, comfortable and good for people-watching. Clerk named Mohammed was especially helpful.	
Sep 25 2009	Excellent Hotel	Check in at this Hotel went very smooth and the reception staff were very polite and the maids. Although our room was very small it was clean and the decor was nice. The view from my room was the Empire State Building and we could see the top of the Chrysler Building. The beds were very comfortable. The aircon in the room was great as it was very humid whilst we were there. The Hotel has a free gym but to be honest it wasn't good with old tired machines. The treadmill was very noisy but was the only thing that really worked. The weight machine were stuck at a particular weight so i couldn't lift them. I think the Hotel need to spend as little money and upgrade the gym.The Hotel has free Wi-fi so this is excellent if you want to bring your laptop.We didn't have breakfast at the Hotel so i wouldn't know what it was like, however we did go to the Tick Tock diner located downstairs in the Hotel. The food was ok with very very big portions, the salad we had was enough for four people!!The location of this Hotel is fantastic because it it next to madison Square Gardens, Macy's, The Empire State Building. It's also a 5 minute walk to Times Square. Port Authority Bus Station is also 5 minutes away so it handy for when you want to take the bus to Woodbury Common Shopping Oulet or even the transfer bus to Newark airport.I really liked this Hotel and i would definately stay here again due to the location.	
Sep 21 2009	Fabulous stay at The New Yorker Hotel	Stayed in the hotel in Sept 09. Rooms were absolutely great and LARGE by NYC standards. Loved the art deco feel of the hotel, and the new renovations and refurbishment keeps the theme. The hallways and rooms were spotlessly clean. Staff were very friendly and helpful. The elevators were great - no wait time at all! That can sometimes be a real problem in other hotels we've stayed in in NYC. Beds were very comfortable and linens were new and fresh. Bathroom had a hairdryer. Closet size was small but certainly adequate for two people's week's worth of clothes. My advice is don't overpack - amazed at the size of suitcases some people drag along with them! There are stores within two minutes' walking distance where you can buy anything you may need - be it toiletries or clothing. (Example, if you just want some cheap threads, right around the corner is a Conway store where you can get an entire outfit for about $10.) The location of hotel is very convenient to two subway lines as well as the train and bus station. Quite a few restaurants in the area, including fast food if you want a quick bite. If your stomach can handle it, suggest you go two blocks down to the Gray's Papaya for &quot;The Recession Special&quot; - two hot dogs and a drink for $4! The business center in the hotel has a few computers and one or two printers. Workout room was nothing spectacular but who needs it after walking around all day. Would highly recommend a stay at The New Yorker and hope to be a guest there again myself someday.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great location small but good rooms	Location is spot on - directly opposite Penn Station and about 10-15mins walk to Times Square. Getting to the hotel from the airport was easy, using the airtrain between JFK and Jamaica and then the Long Island Rail Road (LIRR) from Jamaica to Penn Station - cost about $18, took about 45 mins. Our room was fairly small, but perfectly adequate for a trip where we spent most of our time out seeing the city. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Glad for the air con in the room as there was a heat wave during our visit! Pretty good value considering the hotel location, but the room was pretty small for the price. The Tick Tock diner in the hotel is a must, serving great breakfasts by very friendly staff.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great Stay	We stayed here and didn't really have any problems. The lady at check-in wasn't very friendly but the security guy's made up for that, and were always more than helpful when we asked them questions about the area and where to go at night-they couldn't have been any friendlier to us. As 3 twenty-something girls we always felt safe in the area-and we couldn't complain about the loaction...only a 10 min walk to times square! It was very central and had metro stops just outside. The room was modern and very clean. In fact, the maid was fantastic...our room was horribley messy and she even tidied up mess that had been dumped everywhere-never had a better maid!We couldn't really comment on the food in the diner as we didnt eat there...we were in NY, and was out of the hotel the majority of the time. One thing...don't buy a hotel phone card if you are planning to call the UK...it didnt work and took all the money off. All in all we would recommend, and would have no problem with staying here again!	
Sep 10 2009 	Best Hotel so far for the price!	This was our third trip to NYC and our third different hotel and each time the hotel has topped the previous one.We arrived in New York at JFK airport and took a yellow taxi directly to the New Yorker. Air train does come into Penn Station close to this hotel but as there were 4 of us in total and l didnt want my parents to lug their cases about, taxi was the easiest and cheapest option-$45 plus tip and toll so $55 total.Check in was quick and easy and the lady gave us a few directions and told us about the diner and restaurant.Our rooms were located next to each other as requested and were on the 19th floor. No view which a little disappointing as you can see the Empire State building from some rooms but it wasnt the end of the world for us. The room was newly decorated and very clean. Having read reviews on the site regarding bugs l checked the room thoroughly just for peace of mind! I didnt find anything. Yes the room was small but it had everything we needed including flat screen tv, hairdryer, storage space and even a bath which we have never had in a NYC city hotel before!We ate breakfast in the Tick Tock diner every morning as it was very convienient and my parents needed breakfast. It was more expensive than other places but the food was good, portions large, staff friendly and VERY hard working and so much easier than leaving the hotel. Whilst the hotel is centrally located it is not close to any one land mark, whilst this was ok for us it did mean a bit of a walk but subway stations and taxis and close to hand. We had previously stayed at Hotel Pennsivania and Milford Plaza, the New Yorker is the best for quality of hotel but the location of Milford Plaza was more central to Times Square. I have read the reviews on here placed by people who stayed there at the same time as us and there are some very different stories!Overall l would say, you get what you pay for and never expect a cheap New York hotel room to be much bigger than room to walk around the bed! If you are going to New York to shop and sightsee then these hotels are great, if you are going to spend a lot of time in your room you need to pay more. We personally only use our rooms as a base and spend our time out and about. This hotel is a bargain!	
Sep 9 2009 	Right in the Action	We've stayed at this hotel twice now, once while the renovations were in progress, and once since. It's fabulous now. The location is great, but the renovations have improved it out of sight. Coopers restaurant is really great for when you come home after a day out, you can enjoy fine dining right in your own hotel and of course the Tick Tock Diner is always bustling and has great food 24 hours a day.The staff have always been helpful and courteous. We always stay in when we stay in N.Y. and we are all the way from Melbourne Australia.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great location sophisticated and great breakfast diner	I thought this hotel was great. Its a big art deco style hotel with impressive reception hall and express lifts to floors 20 and beyond. We were on the 20th floor and while we didn't have much of a view it was a very good price for New York and we had 2 rooms (single rooms) I went with my Mother.These rooms had a fairly large queen size bed I would say and nice touches like the art deco lights, furniture and bathroom fixtures. Also had nice HD plasma tv's and alarm clocks and nice sheets and duvet.Location was great - I could see the 34th St Penn Station subway from my room, directly under us and this station served the A, C and E line train (all of which take you right out to near the airport and the airtrain for JFK airport)A block away is another Penn St station subway which serves the 1,2 and 3 lines - taking you to the Staten Island Ferry, Times Square and West side of Central Park.But you don't need a subway to walk to Times Square from here... its only a 10 minute walk and the Empire State building is only a 10 minute walk also. If you were going to Madison Square gardens for an event this would probably be the best hotel for you as it is just across the road. New York is quite noisy with sirens and hooting but the air con was great and the windows were closed and by later in the evening the traffic had died down and I didn't get disturbed by the noise while sleeping.The hotel has a diner attached called the Tick Tock diner which is 24 hours and serve the greatest breakfasts! massive portions and although I have seen people complaining that they were expensive I didn't really think that was the case - compared to other places in New York.. New York is just expensive to eat I think. Hotel staff were okay - nothing special, they checked us in and checked us out with minmal effort but they were busy and the security staff by the lifts were friendly. All in all for the price I paid for 2 rooms I wouldn't have got the price of 1 room in some hotels so I was satisfied with what I paid and the standard of this hotel and location. I plan on going back to NY with my husband and would have no hesitation in going back to the New Yorker Hotel.	
Sep 8 2009 	Very Rude Staff and a mouse	The begining of our stay was actually nice, then we came ba0ck to our room to find a bag of pretzels and chocolate nibbled to pieces. Called the manager was put to voice mail, called the operater and was disconnected! After my third call I got the security manager who called the manager for us. Very strange young man ( I didn't get a name!!!!) asked me a number of questions regarding the condition of the bag, moved our room. Upgraded, thats a joke the room was 2x2 with a bathroom thats shelf is maybe 2 inches wide and some crappy breakfast ( I don't even think the mouse would eat it and thats why it ate our chocolates and pretzels ) We probably would have been okay with it had it been handled diffrently, it was almost as if we were bothering the managers by bringing this to their attention. I am no way a seasoned travler but have stayed in a fair share of moderate to high end places and this was just a bad bad experience. We left and went to a small hotel just across the way and enjoyed the rest of our time in New York. Sad really because the hotel is stunning to look at just don't stay, if you do bring a mouse trap!	
Sep 7 2009 	Roaches and Vagrants	Place looks okay the rooms were average, however there wasa GIANT GIANT cockroach in our room. We came down they moved us after some time of punching keys in the computer, yet not one person said they were sorry. Im not a jumpy person. not highly afraid of bugs but you would expect an apology. A bunch of dodgy people lounging about the lobby. Location was good. rest was poor	
Sep 5 2009 	poor service	We didn't expect that the room booked with Priceline will have only one queen bed. We wanted to check if this matter could be somehow solved with the manager. But the manager at the hotel, Mr.Rowan Bechford, was arrogant, unfriendly and impolite. When I tried to explain him the situation he didn't want to listen to me, interrupted me for several times, not letting me complete my phrase and his facial expression showed total disdain and uppity. Another guy at the reception desk out of the blue started to make fun out of my sun glasses, making unpleasant jokes and comments. I don't allow such familiriaties with people whom I meet for the first time. I am not the US citizen and my English isn't flawless. But it is not the reason to face such an attitude from someone, who works in service. Worth to mention, the size of the room was approximately equal to the size of the hotel's elevator.	
Sep 4 2009 	good stay	plus points..... great location, within walking distance of maddison square gardens, times square, empire state building, Macys, enough eating places in proximaty to please everyones taste. subway station right outside hotel, friendly staff, quality furnished clean rooms, free WiFi access in room, great views iff you get the right rooms,Minus points..... beware if you use the hotels airport transfer service, it doesn,t always turn up, the tick tok diner though food is good its very overpriced, if you wish to see a broadway show do not use the hotel ticket sevice as you will pay more than double ticket price.All in All great hotel great time had by myself and my teenage daughter great city enjoy...	
Sep 1 2009 	Faultless Spotless Hotel	Maybe I have low expectations, but the New Yorker was an absolutely fantastic hotel in my eyes, superb location, right by Penn Station, a 2 minute walk to the Port Authority Bus Station, all manner of 24hour food outlets surround you, very well air conditioned rooms, great showers, great view, the hotel staff were amazingly helpful with all the sights my wife and I were searching for, circling areas on maps for us and suggesting what method of transport to use to get where we wanted to be, I will be returning there next summer for another week.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great if you're travelling via Penn Station	My husband and I were travelling down the East Coast of the US by train - we arrived in Penn Station from Boston. Three days later we left by train from Penn Station to Atlantic City. I chose the New Yorker mainly because it is very close to Penn Station, therefore not far to carry our bags. I was right to do so - it was very conveniently located for the station, so I was pleased with my choice.This was my second time sightseeing in New York, last time we stayed further uptown. Staying midtown was OK, if you don't mind a bit of a walk (say 15/20 minutes walk to Times Square, Rockefeller Center etc). The subway was very convenient for getting downtown e.g. to the Status of Liberty. If we hadn't been travelling by train, I think I would have preferred to stay further uptown.Breakfast in the diner was OK, but very busy. One morning there were some unpleasant people arguing at the table next to us. The bar was very good for drinks - very friendly. We didn't eat in the bar but they did serve food.The service in the hotel wasn't good (pretty rude staff at check-in). Our room, on the 34th floor, was very small and the bathroom was a bit nasty. But overall, for the price we paid, I think it was pretty average for a New York hotel. It did the job.	
Aug 30 2009 	Loved it!!!!	This was our second trip to New York and the location of this hotel was totally perfect! right opposite Penn station with Times Square and so many other places all within walking distance!! The hotel itself was great, we were in room 2818 and it was a good size for two with plenty of storage space, both the room and bathroom were very clean and the shower was brilliant. If you fancy a fantastic milkshake the strawberry shake from the Tick Tock diner is the best I have ever tasted and the breakfasts from the diner are really good. I would stay at this hotel again and recommend it, it's not 5 star ( and not advertised as such) but it's clean and comfortable and the staff were faultless.For getting around a Metro pass purchased from the subway station was a great buy $27 for a 7 day unlimited pass, can be used on the subway and the buses we went to so many more places because of this pass. I could go on forever ,I had hoped a second trip would get this city out of my system but i would return tomorrow if I could NYC is just the best never felt unsafe it's a fab place!!	
Aug 29 2009 	Dissappointed	I just finished a multistop holiday across the states with my wife and finished at the New Yorker, when we arrived at check in we were told the room was small, what they should have said it was tiny, really a single room with a queen bed in it. After a days sightseeing we like to unwind with a couple of glasses of wine in the bar and take a glass to our room to finish off the day, no problem in other hotels, but here were told no glasses were allowed in the rooms and were offered Macdonald style paper cups for our wine, not exactly classy, on top of which the tips are put on the bill by the barstaff that run at 18%, its not worth it for that service, unlike other hotels, we were charged for leaving baggage with the porter on checkout. I dont want to put this hotel down to far as Im sure with a little thought and policy changes this could be a wonderful hotel	
Aug 29 2009 	Average	I am Torn as to whether I would recommend this hotel to any of my clients, friends or family. It had its good adn bad points.Good:Air Conditioning for those hot Summer New York days / Location, right near 34 Penn Station near Maddison Square Garden Bad: Noisy, very noisy. Rooms are small (given for NY I know but I was told this place was recently rennovated? The paint jobs were botchy). When i turned on the hot water in the shower I never had to put on the cold water because the hot tap was sending me luke warm water! also the nozzle was spraying all over the bathroom (Why didn't they update the bathrooms?)When I checked in i had the most unpleasent reception lady but later on I had a nice lady.overall I am very torn. I realise this is quite an old hotel and that there isn't much room for improvements.I guess I'd recommend it to my budget travellers.	
Aug 27 2009 	Outstanding hotel great value for location!	This hotel was fabulous! One of my favorite things about it was the art deco style, classic old New York city glamor! We traveled August 18 &amp;19th. We were upgraded to a suite that had a terrace with a view of the Empire state building. Cannot recomend the location highly enough, especially if you are coming into the city via a connection to Penn Station. I cannot describe how nice it was to not have to drag luggage on and off the subway AT ALL. VERY convinient to the subway (a station right below). They also gave us a free breakfast which was perfect! Rooms were very clean and a very nice neighborhood. Have stayed in times square before, but this was better (and cheaper) less road noise, and no lights flashing in your window all night. Nice and quiet with comfortable beds. Two thumbs way up!	
Aug 27 2009 	Good Location Price and Room	The title speaks for itself. The location was perfect, walking distance to many local attractions. Staff was very helpful, rooms a tad bit small but clean. Definitely would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 24 2009 	Location location location	Finding decent, reasonably priced accommodation in New York City is a challenge. It's a case of pot luck or recommendations from friends.Thankfully The New Yorker was the latter and we were not disappointed.Situated on 7th Ave and 35th St, just seven blocks south of Times Square and three blocks west of the Empire State Building, the New Yorker is a fantastic hotel base for your city adventure.It's an Art Deco classic both inside and out, offers over 900 rooms and all the amenities you would expect as part of the Ramada chain.We had a twin room and although it was a little tight to get two double beds into the room, we were comfortable and more importantly the room was clean and modern. Nice flat screen TV and incredibly deep bath, too.The Tick Tock diner (attached) is a little pricey although certainly worth trying a tleast once for breakfast. It cost $1 per item to leave our luggage at the hotel once we'd checked out which I thought was pretty reasonable for NYC.Getting to the hotel from JFK/La Guardia is pretty straight forward . We took the Port Authority run Airport transfer shuttle to Penn Station - the hotel is one block north of here. Shuttle was $12.We got a cab from the hotel to JFK and it was $50 which were advised is the standard airport rate.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great location - super value!!	The room was very small, but my husband and I were super pleased with the location, the cleanliness of the hotel, and the demeanor of the staff. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for an inexpensive, no frills, clean place to stay. The location was awesome. There were always cabs in front of the hotel, the subway was not hard at all to navigate and Penn station was just across the street.	
Aug 21 2009 	Charming Art Deco Style Hotel	What a nice little jewel we discovered in the New Yorker Hotel! Located conveniently across from Penn Station and around the corner from the Manhattan Center, Empire State Building and other attractions within walking distance. Our room was small but not oppressively so. Our one window had a magnificient view of the Empire State Building. The decor was charming art deco with a 1920's feel. The room was very clean, the beds comfortable, the large flat screen tv was great and the added bonus was a full sized mirror outside the bathroom. We felt secure and safe in this hotel and we were 2 women vacationing alone in NYC. A plus: no one can get past security to get to the elevators for the rooms without showing your room key to the guards. Now for some criticisms: *The 24 hour diner associated with the hotel was awful. The service was awful, the food mediocre and over priced too. Unless you have no where else to go, I don't advise bothering.Walk a few feet away towards Penn Station and go to another diner on the corner and you'll have a far better experience and better food at a reasonable price. *The bathroom had no vanity or shelving to put any toiletries which was a pain with 2 women in the room. But they did provide a blow dryer which was a nice ammenity. The bathroom is as big as a closet too. *the tv is placed on the side of the room on a desk which is awkward if you want to watch it either from bed or seated. Other than that, it is a well priced hotel in the heart of NYC and we totally recommend it! We will definitely stay there again. PS this hotel is in the movie Grey Matters (2008).	
Aug 19 2009 	Perfect location helpful staff	Stayed at the New Yorker for my first visit to the city and couldnt fault it. A slight mix up when we arrived lead to a 15 minute delay in being checked in, for which the staff were extremely apologetic and upgraded us to a better room. The location is fantastic, right next to Penn station subway and only a couple blocks from the Empire State Building and Macy's. The rooms were clean and reasonably sized, and the attached hour diner served decent food at good prices.	
Aug 18 2009 	A good hotel with tiny rooms	This is the second time we've stayed at this hotel, and for good, clean, comfortable, basic little rooms, it's swell. The location is great, and it's always really busy.I left my computer home this time and had to use the business center, which had only 2 computers! Hard to believe for a hotel this size.The price was right, but I've stayed at a lot better places for the same rate...	
Aug 16 2009 	Great location	The New Yorker offered us a clean, quiet stay in the centre of Manhatten. Compared with other New York hotels it was reasonably priced - though staying anywhere else in the world for the same price I would expect a lot more luxury. The rooms are small but functional with clean bathrooms. The staff were not overly friendly but helped when asked to. The tick tock diner downstairs was excellent (especially the Oreo milkshakes which are a taste of heaven) . The main thing is the location - two blocks from the Empire State it allowed us to explore Manhatten without worrying about returning late at night. I would stay here again.	
Aug 14 2009 	Small but clean room for a great price for Manhattan"	I stayed there yesterday along with a colleague for just one night. We each had the lowest price rooms, queen rooms. These rooms are indeed very small. The door does not hit the bed when you open it, but it is quite close! However, in my experience, very small rooms are common in NY hotels. Most important, this one was quite clean and the staff were friendly. The free wi-fi was very helpful. The $160 room rate for a small, very clean room in a convenient area was well worth it. Both my colleague and I agreed we would stay there again if business brings us back to the same area soon--which it likely will. Theatre district is in walking distance--about 10 blocks..Having read reviews here before booking our room, we chose to have breakfast at the adjacent Tick Tock Diner, which we found also to have reasonable prices for basic diner fare. The hotel I would say would be a fairly average three star in terms of amenities, but the room rates, cleanliness, and convenience make it a very good value. This accounts for my overall rating of 4.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great hotel with very nice staff	Stayed here with my wife and 2 teenage children for a week. Rooms were small compared to european hotels, but they were very clean and well designed with lots of storage space for your clothes. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. The Coopers bar staff were the best I have ever experienced in any hotel. We had 1 small insect problem, but when reported it to the staff they imediately offered to send someone up to pack up our bags for us and move us to another room. We said this wasn't necessary, so someone was in our room within 5 mins to remove to offending insect, and then sent us vouchers for a free breakfast. This is the quick and efficient you can expect in the New Yorker. Loved the hotel.......	
Aug 12 2009 	Fantasticly cleanwell run hotel	10/10 for location,the rooms were a good size for New York and very clean.The staff were more than helpful and there was security guard at the lifts which made you feel safe.I would def stay at The New Yorker again and would recommend it.	
Aug 12 2009 	Outstanding	Just got back after staying 6 nights at the New Yorker hotel.Recently refurbished the rooms are art decor roomy and comfortable.The hotel is very central and perfectly situated to see all the sights.One thing they miss in their marketing brochure is the fact that there are great views of the Empire State Building which is just up the road and to the rear great views of Hudson Bay.The staff are very helpful and friendly and the hotel is close by to numerous eating places.Well worth staying and good value.	
Aug 9 2009 	BEST HOTEL TO STAY IN!!!	I have stayed in this hotel 3 times and i'll be going back again! This hotel has the best location..it is just miutes walk from Macy's department store and the famous Broadway!! Liteally 10 steps around the corner from the hotel is a subway! there are really great restaurants nearby the hotel!! the hotel itself also offers a 24hr diner and the food is great! The hotel is one of new yorks oldest hotels but the rooms are really great..some may be small but they are clean, have fantastic views of the city and the location is perfect! the hotel has been refurbished recently so thats even beter! The staff in the diner are lovely..the reception staff are nice too and helpful sometimes they can be a bit slow though. There are safes in the hotel so that is useful! And if you get lost in the city just look up and you will most likely see the &quot;New Yorker&quot; sign..it's so tall!!	
Aug 3 2009 	Value for money	I stayed in this hotel for 1 week with my friend. On arrival they upgarded the room for us. However we did not like the lighting in our room, as it was very dark near the mirror. This would have been a problem for us, as being two girls we needed a decent mirror space to get ready every day. We went straight back down, and they showed us another room which we liked and they transferred us over. The decoration of the rooms is pretty old fashioned, and could be done with a make over. However for the price we paid the rooms were reasonable. They were clean, which was an important factor to us. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. This was a highlight for us staying in this hotel. The location was GREAT!! Right next to Penn Station which was extremely convienient, and about a 10minute walk to Time Sq. There were also a lot of clothes shops near by for anyone who has come to shop in New York, with Macys being less then a 5 min walk away!! Brilliant!! All in all would recommend this hotel to anyone coming for a lesuire break, that wants to do a lot of shopping as well as sight seeing (and wont be spending too much time in the room).	
Jul 29 2009 	Totally hyped about the New Yorker!	For all you skeptics out there who have read anything negative about this property please disregard them all. I am a seasoned traveller and have stayed in the best of the best and the worst of the worst through the years. This property is CLEAN, ideally located to all the attractions of NYC. The staff were friendly especially Susie at the concierge desk! Check with them on your first day for a great map on NYC. The Tick Tock diner is handy for meals and they give you very large portions. The maid service was good and the front desk sent up a coffee maker upon request no charge for our stay. The beds were extremely comfortable. We were 3 adults in room 2401 and received a nice sized room with two double beds and 2 - 4 piece bathrooms (Yes I did say two bathrooms). That was certainly handy for three women getting ready in the mornings. So please don't hesitate to stay at The New Yorker Hotel as it is conveniently located kiddie-corner to Penn Station and just down the street from the Empire State Building and Macy's Department store.Also, when in NYC you should try and take in some of the street vendor fare as you will not be disappointed. Try the Falafa for an evening meal or grab some fresh fruit for a light lunch or breakfast. It's all great and I can't say enough about it! Also look for a NYC bagel place. There is a good one on 50th near Rockefeller Centre between 6th and 7th Ave. called Au Bon Pain. There is nothing like New York bagels! I loved the cheddar jalapeno variety!We discovered a tour operator called On Board tours. They charge $59 per person for a 5 1/2 hour tour for up to 14 people. It was great because with a smaller group you can hear everything and ask many questions. We got to all the highlights, including Ground Zero, Staten Island Ferry, Statue of Liberty, Central Park, Wall Street etc., etc. I'd like to give a shout out to our guide Edwin who is a survivor of 9-11.The carriage rides at Central Park are very affordable. The are based on time and not on the number of riders. So for 3 of us for 25 minutes it was around $35 USD. Also try the little rickshaw rides, again very reasonable and highly recommend doing this at night through Times Square!Hope this helps with your travel to NYC. Wish I was going with you!!! I LOVE NYC!!!	
Jul 29 2009 	Big Hotel Big Room Great Location	We traveled to New York for the first time in July 09, and like many of the other reviewers, we had no idea where to stay, but we can recommend this hotel for those who may be unsure. On arrival, we were able to check-in earlier than expected (which was most welcome after a tiring day traveling!) As we were staying at the hotel for 10 nights, the receptionist advised us that we had been allocated a &quot;larger&quot; room with a view of the Hudson River. We were very satisfied with the room which was well presented and clean - complete with a walk in wardrobe, as well as an additional wardrobe. As noted in an earlier review, the shower was a bit savage and the hot water took a while to come through in the morning. Apart from that everything was fine - the large LCD TV was great, as was the free WIFI connection. We had breakfast in the Tick Tock Diner each morning, and found the menu to be varied and the food excellent. Totally agree about the location - you could walk to most of the main attractions, or get the subway which was close by. We took a taxi from the airport to come in (again a learning curve!), but got the train from Penn Station on our way back - a much cheaper and &quot;safer&quot; option!! All the staff at the hotel were extremely helpful and friendly, and we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Would totally stay here again!	We loved the New Yorker. Room was always perfectly clean, staff was attentive and friendly. Absolutely worth the rate (it's Manhattan!). We were upgraded to a slightly larger room upon check-in that accommodated us very well. It's central to lots of things in mid-town that are in walking distance, but if you need to go uptown or farther downtown, the Penn Station subway entrance is on the same block!	
Jul 27 2009 	Good location but the standard of the rooms could be better	Good location being near Maddison Square Gardens, however the standard of the room was poor compared to other hotels in the area. The hotel is close to amenities and underground and a short walk away from Central Park. If you're visiting New York for the first time and don't want to spend a stupid amount of money on accommodation then this is the hotel for you.The hotel has a classic American diner on the side which is great for snacks and take away food and I would definately recommend eating here for your first meal in New York	
Jul 27 2009 	I Just Got HereNo Warmth...Welcome Or Water	find it urgent that I write this review as a form of venting. I have just received the worst service I have every experience at a hotel. I stood in line for 5 mintues and there were two men at the desk, one with a guest and the other just stood their and neither one greeted me. Then when one was finally ready to assist me he summons me with a waive. I was like wow this is interesting especially since his name tag read Delworth Assing, Assistant Front Office Manager. Thourghout the check-in I attempted to engage him with questions, but he was just rude. Then before handing me the keys he tells me &quot;oh by the way you may have a problem with your room,&quot; I then inquire what kind of problem? He then said we had a leak this morning, I then asked him if he could move me to another side of the building. He responded with no and said that my room is effected by the leak because they had to turn off the hot water. When I asked him how long will it be off and he said he didn't know. To me this is unacceptable, as I arrived as a red eye I will be unable to take a hot shower. I have written this review and only been here for 20 mintues. WHEW..I guess it only can get better. Oh yea there was only one person to greet me and that was a security office with no name tag, that ensure I got on the correct elevator to my room. The rooms here are literaly the size of a walk-in closet.	
Jul 27 2009 	Art Deco brilliance in a brilliant location	We received a complimentary room upgrade to a room with a magnificent view of the city including the Empire State Building and Madison Square Garden. The room though small, was romantic, warm and charming. The location was within easy walking distance of most major attractions in Manhattan. Check-in and check-out was smooth and staff were helpful and friendly. The Tick-Tock Diner downstairs was handy for breakfast, lunch or dinner and not too expensive. McDonalds and Burger King are close by as are all transport options. The only complaint we had was with the shower. The showerhead was not adjustable and fixed on one spray option that was very hard and felt as if you were being sandblasted. Not only that, the water temperature was lukewarm at best and we found that we were running the shower for at least 10 minutes before it was warm enough to use. The hotel has a lot of history and the lobby and reception areas are fine examples of art deco. All up, it is a great place to stay ... I just hope they have the shower and water issues rectified before our next visit!	
Jul 26 2009 	Excellent Central Location Friendly staff	A very American hotel, had a healthy living conference whilst we was there with a buddist monk wondering around and all sorts of crazys, v.funny and random. The room was small and not very up to date and you could still hear the honking orange (not yellow!) taxis and fire trucks/police whooping outside. Staff helpful but you do feel very obliged to tip which is heartbreaking for Yorkshire folk. Tick Tock diner was very nice for breakfast. Great place to explore, near to Times Sq etc and just around the corner from macy's. Gym very small and basic and no pool. Would probably stay there again.	
Jul 26 2009 	Location Location Location	Right in the heart of manhattan.Directly facing madison Square garden Minutes from empire state building,Times square etc .Tgi Fridays opp hotel hotel was rooms basic but you can upgrade if needed staff are a credit to owners .Can say enough good stuff	
Jul 25 2009 	Professional staff and great location	We stayed at this hotel for a week, and we really liked it! The rooms are small, but nice and clean. The concierge helped us with tickets, the transport desk arranged for transportation to JFK, we borrowed an adapter from the front desk, and when our airconditioning started making a funny noise at 11pm we had a janitor come fix it in 10 minutes. Overall the staff and the location makes this hotel very good. Oh, and free and easy accessible Wifi!	
Jul 24 2009 	Big hotel small room but great location	Travelled to NY in winter, earlier this year. As it was our first time in New York, we had no idea where or which area to stay in. Looking through all the tripadvisor reviews didn't help us make a choice as there were far too many hotels! In the end we decided to go with New Yorker as it was located close to the train station where we would get off from the train from Liberty airport, NJ. It couldn't be any more convenient! We got off at Penn station, and the hotel was just a few minutes' walk. The hotel is really big (can't remember how many floors!) but i did like the architectural style of it. It's very typical of a building you'd expect to see in NYC. Checking in took some time as there were many holiday makers. Our room was kinda small, but we weren't fussed about it as long as we had a clean room, clean sheets and a clean bathroom.Apparently the rooms we had were the ones which have been refurbished, so they were rather modern and new. I can't agree more with other reviews, the location is just excellent. We could walk virtually anywhere from the hotel! Broadway, fifth ave, central park, and all the way down to battery park... just a fantastic location! For this reason I'd recommend the hotel.	
Jul 24 2009 	poorly appointed rooms not worth the hefty price	This may be a legendary hotel, but I do not think that it has kept up with the times. Its main assets are its ideal location right outside a subway station and a very good diner that is attached to the hotel. Unfortunately Ramada Group's &quot;recently renovated&quot; rooms do no service the claim the hotel is ready for the modern era. While the rooms were clean, there was no tea service, no kettle (you can very slowly get a pitifully small coffeemaker on request), no fridge or minibar. Essentially you were paying hefty amounts for an extremely basic room, without breakfast, in a central location. I would recommend this hotel on the basis of location-location-location for people who need to get to Broadway shows on foot (a 15 min walk) or to the Port Authority Bus Terminal (10min walk).In addition I would suggest to hotel management to streamline their check-in and check-out system, which seems to have front desk staff tapping at their keyboards for an inordinate amount of time for each guest, resulting in an unpleasant glut of tired travellers waiting in queue during the main check-in and check-out times.Not what I had expected from a hotel of this pedigree.	
Jul 23 2009 	Nice hotel at a perfect location	We did a city trip to NY in January and stayed 2 nights at the New Yorker. It was a short but excellent stay. The location is perfect, we arrived in the city center with the train at Penn Station which is under Madison Square Garden. The hotel is just around the corner.The room was renovated, very small, but clean and the bed was very good. The staff was very helpful and we could leave our bags for a small fee in the baggage room near the reception.You can walk from the hotel right into the Tick Tock Diner where we had an excellent breakfast. The prices at the Diner are really ok, considering the portions you get.Next time we book the New Yorker Hotel again, just the place you need for a city trip.	
Jul 22 2009 	A Pleasant Stay in a Good Location	New Yorker is an older hotel, but well-renovated in Art Deco style. Our double room was spacious, the beds were comfortable, and everything was spotlessly clean. Unlike some older NY hotels, the elevators and airconditioning are efficient and in good repair. The location is well served by subways and buses, and Broadway theaters are in walking distance.	
Jul 21 2009 	Nice hotel - perfect location	We arrived at the hotel at noon, by train from Newark Airport. Check-in time was 3.00 PM, and the first lady we talked to said we could leave our bags in the luggage room, and 2 minutes later another lady at the front desk found a room immediately. It was on 21 floor. The view wasn´t that good, but hey, I wasn´t there to look out the window!The room was big enough for us, we had one queen bed and it was very comfortable. Not often hotels has that comfy beds.Walking distance to Empire State Building, to Macy´s, to Times Sq., to Flatiron Building.Bring comfortable shoes, or your feet will kill you....One day I walked over 26.000 steps, I had my step counter all the time just to check how far I walked.We had breakfast at a restaurant called &quot;Stage door&quot;, You can have breakfast at the hotel but it was more expensive. If we go back to NY again, we will stay at this hotel.	
Jul 21 2009 	It's all about location!	We stayed at the New Yorker in August of 2008 - and we could not have chosen a better location! It is about a block from Madison Square Garden, and directly near the train station, so it was particularly easy to get to. You can easily walk anywhere you'd like to go - we left the hotel at 9:00 am, and did not return until almost midnight! Plenty to see and do. The room was modern and updated - not too large, but we were not there to spend the days in the room!There is a nice diner next door, perfect fro breakfast. We ate lunch on the go - once at Rockefeller Plaza (good, not tremendous, but shaded and cool), another time from a vendor.Dinner was in Little Italy - unbelievable!	
Jul 21 2009 	very nice	excellent location, excellent location excellent location... what else can i say..the staff were nice. our room had a very nice view of newy ork as we were very high up. rooms are small but nice we really liked it..	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location with city history	If you remember all hotel rooms in NY are small then the New Yorker is of average size. Location is great; right near Macys, 2 subway station, a load of bus stops and only $10-15 dollars cab to Time Square.The lobby is fantastically decorated and the updae rooms are tasteful.The Diner doesn;t serve great food considering the costs but is good for a late night snack if you're tired and staying close to home.The price is reasonable for the quality of hotel and location - you owuld have to downgrade to get much closer in.The staff were effificient and certainly hospitable; the post room even helping me out with a parcel.	
Jul 15 2009 	An essential part of the New York experience	My mother grew up in the shadow of the New Yorker, and wanted to stay here for a week. I joined her for a weekend - and it trully is a magical place. The price is very reasonable, service was excellent, and the views are drop dead gorgeous. We had 2 terraces - one could seat 8 for dinner !! (You just don't get a balcony at most NYC hotels) My college friends stopped over for a drink before dinner, and they didn't want to leave the room !Location is central to everything - subway and Penn Station across the street - 10 minute walk to times square - history wherever you turn. Stay here - you will not regret it...	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location; Recommended if you get a good Price	We stayed here for a few days for a program at the Manhattan center. Overall, we found the hotel to be relatively clean, bed's were made on time and service was great. The hotel staff went out of the way to get us a room as early as 7 AM, while hotel check in was at 3PM. Further, hotel staff moved us to a slightly larger room to accomodate a roller bed for a friend staying over night. The New Yorker is a steal at $160/night for the location and proximity to all NY tourist hot spots. The best part is free internet which is $9-$10 bucks/day at most other hotels.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great Hotel--	We stayed one night- july 4, good location-- 1 blocks from subway--very friendly staff--Room small (but on par for NYC) - But very clean. Beds were very comfy. A great deal on the price as well. I would recommend to all!	
Jul 9 2009 	Amazing Renovations	The service at the New Yorker almost outshines the renovations done to the hotel. The pleasantness of our trip began with the person helping us with our reservation over the phone and continued throughout our stay. My wife and I were graciously welcomed at the front desk by Mohammed, who was may be the nicest man in NYC. Parking: We parked in a garage on 35th street, between 8th and 9th Ave, and received a discount rate because we were staying at the New Yorker.Rooms: Compared to other hotels outside of NYC, the rooms are tiny, but for the amount of time one stays in the room, the room size is n/a. The rooms and the rest of the hotel has been renovated, so the rooms house new beds and furniture. The bathrooms were always fine. Get a room with a window; ours looked uptown and had a nice breeze.Location is perfect. Near MSG, theaters, Chelsea	
Jul 9 2009 	Great start to a great holiday	We stayed in the New Yorker from the 29th june - 3rd July 2009.It was roughly 30 minutes from JFK airport and situated in the heart of all the main attractions (pratically walking distance to everything - depending if you prefer to walk than get taxi's everywhere)When we got out of the taxi a bell boy carried our cases to the reception desk, where we were greeted by extremely helpful and polite staff.We even got an upgarde to a city view room, as it was my husbands birthday. We were on the 24th floor and had an amazing view from both windows (madison square garden from one and the empire state building from the other)The rooms were not particualry huge but lets be fair, who goes to NY to spend all day in the room. It had all the amenities you need in a hotel room: comfortable bed, bathroom, hair dryer in the bathroom, tv, ironing board + iron. It also had free wifi, which came in very handy as we could send and receive emails keeping those huge roaming mobile phone bills down.Each night we came back to our room after spending very long days in NYC, the cleaning staff had come in and re-made the bed and provided clean fresh towels. We ate in the ticktock diner for breakfast, all i can say is YUMMY and very good value for money.Checking out was a breeze too, and the bell boy whistled us a taxi to take us back to the airport. Overall we had an amazing stay in NY made even better by this fantastic hotel.	
Jul 9 2009 	Loved the New Yorker Hotel	We have just returned from a week in NY staying at The New Yorker hotel. Our room was superb and very large for the 3 of us. It was cleaned daily and we found it a very nice room to return to after a busy and tiring day. The beds were very comfortable too. The staff were always nice to us anytime we spoke to them. The loaction is great. Its very central for all the shops and attractions as well as public transport ie. subways and buses. I would have no problem in recommending this hotel and will definately return there.	
Jul 8 2009 	brilliant time friendly staff i will be back.	My partner and i stayed at this hotel for four days in that time the staff were very welcoming, and ok like others yes the room was a little small, but i enjoyed that, view from the window not so good, but for the price i paid it was well worth it, i would highly recommend this hotel to my friends, and what a brilliant location right in the hart of the city, with every thing you could want, and if not within walking distance, from me this hotel gets 9/10. i will be back to stay there again, thank you The New Yorker Hotel, and the staff at the hotel thank you. Marc Wilson Manchester England.	
Jul 3 2009 	Fantastic location great onsite facilities very comfortable	I booked this hotel online despite some negative reviews and was very pleased that I did. The entire booking process was very quick and efficient. I arrived late at night and was greeted very well and was made to fee comfortable by the staff. My room was shockingly tiny and had no view except of other sections of the hotel. This being said the bed was extremely comfortable and the room had all necessary amenities. The bathroom showed its age despite efforts to upgrade it and the in room amenities were very limited.The location of this property is FANTASTIC you have everything you could possibly need within walking distance of the hotel - Macy's, Cinema's, Restaurants, Shops etc. The onsite Diner was excellent value and offered a wide menu choice.I would highly reccomend this hotel to anyone who wants to see New York.	
Jul 1 2009 	Does what it says on the tin...	Stayed in room 2516 and arrived by SuperShuttle @ 3pm (check-out 12pm, check-in 3pm). Swift check-in by Mohammed on the front desk if a little too brisque. A package had been sent by a friend but he wasn't as helpful as he could have been in guiding me as to where I should go/who I should talk to about getting the package just kept pointing and saying 'stand there' which as a solo traveller first time in the USA? Somewhat aggravating. Perhaps it was due to the busy period of check-in however. Considering I was a solo traveller the room was plenty large enough, air conditioning was turned on for my return each day by housekeeping, ice bucket (and ice machine on landing between lifts and my room) available, towels (enviro-policy adopted of they'll change them if you leave on floor, if you hang up they won't), linen changed every third day unless otherwise indicated, flat screen television fitted to wall (movies/recent television episodes available for purchase), iron &amp; ironing board in the closet (along with hangers for shirts/trousers and a luggage stand), plenty of drawer space, alarm clock, usual toiletries in bathroom and soft/main lighting.I think the rooms only start on the 20th floor going up from there. I never personally had a problem with sound - my room was on the 34th street side (as opposed to 8th avenue side which has McDonalds on it across the road from the hotel open 24/7).Staff were always very pleasant from housekeeping to reception/concierge. Everyone said hello to you even if you were yo-yo-ing backwards and forwards in and out of the hotel. Checked out at 12pm and was able to use the restroom downstairs (grab a card from concierge as you need this to access it) and stayed in the Foyer waiting for SuperShuttle back to JFK.Also tried the Tick Tock Diner on last day - nothing spectacular but fast service, quick hot food and attentive staff.	
Jun 30 2009 	cockroaches poor staff service tiny rooms = not returning	I was impressed by the lobby, but thats about all I was impressed with. Our room was quite small, hardly any room for luggage and my sister who stayed the whole week had an even smaller room! It just about fit the bed and a desk and thats it! literally no room what-so-ever to walk in or to hold luggage! the bathroom doors wouldnt lock properly in either rooms. And TWO cockroaches were found in our room, which is definitly not a good sign for cleanliness! The diner was alright, the food was average, the coffee tasted of water and the staff were quite intimidating and abrupt! The check out time was at about 11am, which was fine, but someone opened our door at about 6am in the morning, good thing i put the dead bolt on!Staff behind the front desk were standing in small groups talking to eachother while i, along with other guests waited!  Definitely will not be returning to this hotel!	
Jun 29 2009 	what a view	As soon as we walked into the room we were awe struck with the view of the Empire State Building. My companion was so excited he was flashing pictures of it. Yes the room was small but that is New York. They lobby was very elegant and the staff was very attentive. In fact the smoke alarm went off from the warm mist of the shower and a staff member immediately checked to see if we were OK.The location was also great. Macy's is about 2 blocks away and there is a fantastic diner called Skylight that serves huge portions.	
Jun 26 2009 	Excellent hotel	Agree with everything positive that has been posted about this hotel - great location etc. and refurbished nicely. Did not come across any of the negatives - maybe this has more to do with people rather than the hotel itself ! yes the rooms are a bit small but who comes to New York to sit in a hotel room ! Would definitely come back to this hotel in the future	
Jun 25 2009 	Nice stay at The New Yorker good size room	Stayed here for the Bookexpo, the room was a good size for NYC. The beds were comfortably and the staff friendly. The bathroom didn't have any place to put your toiletries but there was a desk outside the bathroom door that they could go on. All in all a good place to stay, centrally located.	
Jun 25 2009 	great location nice staff	my spouse and I went on a honeymoon to NYC.Room was small, but everything else was great.Staff was nice and friendly, location is more than great.Empire state is a few minutes away, Times square also...On my next trip to NY I will stay in NYR again :)	
Jun 24 2009 	Nicely refurbished but an unprofessional front desk	+ location+ rooms neatly refurbished with good quality materials+ free wifi- unprofessional front desk (service and smiles please!)- loud AC (old)- double bed too small for two peopleVerdict: ok but far from great.	
Jun 23 2009 	Awesome	Back last year when after I had booked this hotel there where very mixec review about the rooms and the staff, I started to panic as this was supposed to be a dream trip for my girlfriends 21st birthday......turns out it was a dream trip!! staff where very helpful and happy, upon check in I asked if we could have a refurbished room on a high floor, it was no problem at all. Everytime we wanted to use the safety deposit boxes the staff where more than happy to help! the rooms where small but hey it's one of the most famous city's in the world just like London. we both loved it and would definately book thsi hotel again the location was amazing too!!!	
Jun 23 2009 	Good base to explore NYC	Stayed at the New Yorker Hotel for 5 nights at the beginning of June. I was travelling with my mum for a joint birthday celebration and we specifically wanted a twin room in a midtown hotel. I booked us a refurbished double double room with flights via Expedia and got a good deal. I did a lot of internet searching and looking at reviews before making our booking. I have previously visited New York and stayed at the Roger Williams Hotel and knew this would not be quite to that standard but didn't want to be disappointed when we arrived! We were not disappointed by the New Yorker. The rooms are fairly small as other reviewers have commented but this is a factor of New York Hotels. Our double double room was exactly as pictured on the website and was clean and modernly decorated and was nice to relax in after being out and about. The bathroom could have done with updating but was adequate and a decent size. The beds were comfortable and our room had a view of the Hudson River which was nice. The rooms do not have their own safes so we used the safety deposit boxes for our valuables which worked out ok. We had breakfast at the Tick Tock diner a couple of times and it was nice to have this in the hotel as we could eat there and then get off on our sight seeing etc. I thought the hotel was a good base for getting around. We got a 3 day Grayline bus ticket - hop on and off to see the sights with tour guides (cost $98 but includes Ellis Island &amp; Statue of Liberty and either Empire State Building or Top of the Rock - we did Empire State Building at night which was fab, it also inc $50 off Chicago tickets that we used) and it was about a ten min walk to the nearest pick up point. Macys and the shops on 34th Street are really nearby as is Madison Square Garden. We went to see a couple of shows on Broadway and walked back from Time Square to the hotel which was about 15-20mins. For a nice lunch I would recommend Tavern on the Green in Central Park, it was $39 for the set three course lunch but the food and atmosphere was definitely worth the money. I would definitely stay at the New Yorker again when visiting New York.	
Jun 21 2009 	Peter	Stayed at the new yorker perfect base for new york couldn't fault hotel or staff in any way. We loved every minute of our stay and would certainly come back. Up the celt's	
Jun 19 2009 	Great location	Returned to NYC and decided to stay in the New Yorker again after reading it had been refurbished. Rooms are VERY small but space is at a premium here! They haven't totally refurbished the rooms, just updated them. The Tick Tock diner underneath the hotel is 24 hours and great!Ideally located next to Madison Square Garden and Penn Station, a few blocks from Times Square, Empire State and Macy's.Highlights this time were:1) Walked across the Brooklyn bridge (great people watching!)2) Eat at Lombardi's pizza in Little Italy... arrive hungry!3) Wandered round Greenwich Village and eat at Magnolia bakery4) Walked round most of Central Park in the sunAlthough tough on your feet, I advise to walk everywhere as there is soooo much to take in!	
Jun 18 2009 	Excellent Hotel - Superb Location	Stayed there with my other half for 5 nights late May early June 2009. Hotel is 5 minute walk to Empire State and 10 mins to Time Square. Rooms are very clean , bit small but you only need somewhere to lie down ! Bar is good , a bit pricey but not bad for a beer after all the shopping. Staff are good , but tip ;-) Location is brilliant for seeing the main areas of New York. Hint : use the Subway Penn 34th is right beside Hotel and we saw all of New York and were always able to get the subway back to Hotel. Saves all the hassle. Overall rating for us 8.5 out of 10. Would defo go back and will !! Food is OK in Tick Tock Diner , did not try Coopers Tavern. Plenty of spots around to eat though.	
Jun 17 2009 	Very nice but small room.	We arrived aerly and they gave us an early check-in free, that was very nice. The room has a great view of the Empire State Building + Madisson Sq. The staff is friendly. The room is very samll, good only for a short stay. No safe deposit box in room. Bell staff is nice if you tip them well. I would stay there again in a short stay.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great location 	I stayed at the new yorker hotel last year and I would highly recommend it. When checking in we were given a room upgrade, to a newly refurbished room. It was one of the nicest rooms I have ever stayed in, very clean and modern! At the end of the room was a large window that looked straight out over the empire state building. . .wev got some great pictures at sunset! In a city like new york most people won't be spending much time in their hotel room but after the chaos of the city it was a great place to come back and relax. Having been to New York before i realise that most rooms tend to be fairly small but it was a good size and for such a central location we couldn't here that many taxi beeps from the roads down below. The hotel diner served the best waffles for breakfast and the lady on the theatre ticket desk was extremely helpful and certainly knew her stuff! I recommend the New Yorker to everyone as it's such good value for money and in a great location to explore this amazing city!!	
Jun 9 2009 	Most Uncomfortable Bed Award	The lobby is nice and the hotel is in a great location. The food at the Tic Toc Diner was good and reasonably priced. Everyone we met in New York was very nice and very helpful when we were a little lost. We loved New York. However, the room we stayed in was too small. We stayed in a two room family suite but the rooms were tiny. And most importantly the beds were by far the most uncomfortable I've ever slept on. The whole family agreed. For that reason alone I would not stay there again.	
Jun 8 2009 	Couldn't be better!	Just got back from my first New York trip with a friend. We stayed at the New Yorker Hotel and had a nice room in the 26 th floor. The room was small but newly refurbished, very clean and comfortably decorated - and fulfilled its purpose for providing a good sleep after spending days with 12 hours walking all over Manhattan. The staff was friendly, an extra bonus is definitely the security check at the elevators (you are required to show a key card before entering to the elevators area). Best location within walking distance from many attractions, metro stations in front of the hotel doors, extra bonus is the nearness to the Penn Station which is a crossing point for almost all metro lines. A block away to the south along the 8th avenue is a nice restaurant Stage Doors for great and comfy breakfast to a reasonable price (hotel restaurant Tick Tock is much more expensive for breakfast!). The New York Pass is highly recommendable as it includes free entrance without queuing to the most attractions and entitles to a 11 % reduction at Macy's and Bloomingdales! Another thing I would like to recommend is the AirLink airport service. They bring from the airport and pick you up to the airport directly in front of the hotel door. In addition to this, they also kind of provide an extra sightseeing while the transportation to the JFK through Queensboro Bridge across Queens (works at daylight better, of course). Don't make it hard by taking the metro from the JFK to Manhattan with luggage; the AirLink service is worth every dollar.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great Location	Hotel rooms are small in comparison from other US hotels we have stayed in, but were beautifully decorated and very clean. The location was great for us, we travelled in via the Port Authority Bus Station, five minutes walk away. but iit s also adjacent to Penn Station and local subway, for easy access to all areas of the city.We asked for a city view room, and were told that this should cost $40 dollars per night more, but were eventually given a room on the 23rd floor, looking our towards the Empire State Building, a few blocks up. For those interested in shopping Macy's is very close. Only downside was the noise from an adjacent restaurant, bass drums thumping out until early morning, although have to admit didn't keep me awake too long.	
Jun 3 2009 	Very good!	Location fine to the Javits Center, Sightseeing, shops etc.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Art Deco Hotel with Luxurious Ammenities in Great NY Location!	Great location in midtown NY. Right near Madison Square Garden. Beautiful lobby. Luxurious, if smallish rooms - but in line with other upscale NY hotels in this price range and location. Beds and linens were plush and immaculate. Great flat screen televisions. Everything in working order and maintained! Public restrooms in conference areas were well maintained and clean despite very heavy traffic and multiple events going on at the hotel that weekend (Westminster dog show weekend and bridge tournament). Housekeeping was thorough and accomodating as were the Tick Tock diner and Cooper's Tavern staff! Front Desk clerk was extremely accomodating, providing early check in upon my arrival. Upon check out, I was able to leave my bags in a secure locked area and stay in NY city the remainder of the day, retrieving them after midnight later that day. I am looking forward to staying there next year for our annual event!	
Jun 1 2009 	Excellent hotel close to all the action	Back in 2007 when we went to the New Yorker the renovation was still occuring. We managed to score a room that had its renovation completed already and it was a real treat. The room itself was clean and was high up enough to have a nice view of the city (no real landmarks from our window besides the NY Times building). The bathroom and main room were a little small but when in NY I'd only expect to be in the room to wash up and sleep so it didn't really matter. The TV was an excellent size. The service overall was okay. The first person we talked to was a little rude but thankfully after that it was fine. The hotel is close to everything you would want as a visitor to the city. A short walk to Times Square and even shorter walk to Madison Square Garden.	
May 27 2009 	Absolutely brilliant hotel amazing location.	Well, I stayed at the New Yorker for 3 nights on the 19th May 2009, we got an upgraded room as I work for a travel agency, and was on the 37th floor. The view was amazing, we have 3 big windows, the two at the front you could clearly see the Empire State building, Madison Square Gardens and the window on our right, was facing towards the Statue of Liberty and you could also see the Hudson river.The service from everyone was brilliant, right from the bell boys to the check in desk and customer services. The Tick Tock Diner was excellent and very clean, which is connected to the hotel and open to the public, the food was amazing and at a reasonable price too. The location of the hotel was excellent, ten minutes walk up 34th street you passed lots and lots of different shops and you reached Times Square. One block away was Macy's and Penn Station was just across the road. Empire State was 3 blocks away.We got the hop on - hop off bus and I would recommend it as it's a great way to see all the sights in New York. I will definatly be returning to this hotel and would recommend it to everyone. It is great for singles, couples, families, groups.I loved it!	
May 23 2009 	Perfect location	This is the perfect location to stay in New York for a sightseeing trip with Times Square, Macey and the Empire State Building in one direction and Madison Square Garden the other. Close to Penn Station and the subway for a short ride the other parts of town for Central Park, Wall Stree and ferry for Statue of Liberty.The rooms have recently been re-furbished. We had a standard twin room, lovely big beds with quality mattresses and lovely soft pillows, very good nights sleep .The room was not very big it was adeqate for the 4 day stay. It was clean and well decorated. Really impressed that within 10 minutes of arriving in our room reception rang to ask if everything was okay. We were then offerred complimentary tea and coffee in the room. this really made a difference and we just had to ask for re-fills each day. There is a diner attached to the hotel on one side and a restauraunt on the other which is handy if you are too tired to look around for somewhere to eat. My friend and I felt very safe in this hotel, the staff were friendly and security was discreet but stringent at all times. I would thoroughly recommend this Hotel and will definately choose it again if I have the opporuntity to return to New York.	
May 22 2009 	Great Hotel!	I absolutly loved this hotel,me &amp; a friend stayed there for 4 nights,we checked in easily,all the staff were lovely and polite and the rooms were spotless! Best bed ive ever slept on!! The tick tock diner was lovely,really nice food and friendly staff :) If i ever go back to New York i know what hotel il be staying in...the New Yorker!! I reccomend this hotel to anyone,its close to the Empire State Building and Fifth Avenue,just a lovely experience all over!	
May 21 2009 	If you want to be close to the sights ? This is good place to stay!	I stayed here for 7 nights late April early May 2009 with partner and 4 friends. It was a big trip to tick off one of the places to visit before you die (good book) ! We were not let down. It's everything past visitors remarks say. Yes it's big and loud and busy and it's in your face but that's New York If you don't like that stuff I would suggest don't go.The hotel was built in the 1930's I think the upgrade is as good as you might get with the structure of the building with all the factilities you need. However it still has a past time feel which I enjoyed with a grand open lobby. I feel nearly all the new plush very similar modern hotels are featureless. (personal view) Rooms are small but ok for sleeping and planning you next venture across the city. Do the sites I would recomend the downtown night tour it ticks a big one off that 1000 things ! Take a travel ketle if you need a cuppa to get you going in the morning. And it's true they only do toast on one side.	
May 19 2009 	Amazing new yorker Amazing new york!	We arrived at The New Yorker Hotel and checked in straight away, we'd upgraded our room prior to arrival, the room on hold was not going to be ready till 3pm and as it was only 1pm they offered us an alternate room which was ready now and was of the same standard.The room was very neat and tidy and was cleaned to a high standard daily, As we had upgraded our room from a Run Of The House to a City View room we had alot of room space (other reviews say how small the rooms are, however it came at a price of $240 for the week) Only problem we had was that their was no currancy exchange in the hotel, but wasn't too much of a problem as Macys was only a short stroll away (be warned exchange doesn't open on sundays) The hotel's location was great, across the road was Madison Sq Garden, 5 minutes walk to The Emire State Building, Times Square and a nice walk away from Central Park, FAO Schwartz, Bloomingdales and Saxs! As for New York it's self....it was amazing, the people are really friendly and helpfull and will do anything to help you! The food was always nice but be warned they add tax, plus tip! (roughly £70 for 2 main meals + drink each!) Same with shopping, the price you see on the label is not the price you pay after they add the tax at the till! Our 7 night stay overall, Loved New York will be going back in the future, will stay at The New Yorker Hotel again and would recommend to any one! xxx	
May 17 2009 	Expected a bit more	This hotel is certainly not bad, but I would be careful what you pay for it as I think there are better options. I booked this on Hotwire as a 3.5-star hotel. While it may well be in terms of amenities, I feel that the facilities were a bit outdated. The bathroom, for instance, had tiles coming up, had an old claw-type tub with knobs that you turn, and the shower was difficult to operate and made a mess everywhere. If I recall correctly, there was a small radiator in the bathroom. Are any of these things bad? No; I would just like to think it's worth staying somewhere a bit more modern.The rooms are, of course, small. No big deal; the bed and bedding was nice. The window had an a/c unit in it, but the view was OK. Elevator speed is moderate, and the lobby is nothing to write home about.Service at this hotel is lacking. I will say their security was at least in good order, as they are very strict about not letting up non-guests at all hours, especially night. I wouldn't say the location is fantastic, although there certainly is a good deal to do around the area, there's a drug store across the street, and if you're taking Amtrak/LIRR/NJ Path/subway to/from the hotel, you can easily walk from Penn Station. I'd prefer to stay closer to the park, since in my opinion there's not much to do west of 8th Ave.Overall, I'd make sure you get a good deal. I paid close to $200/night and feel like I could have done better, seeing that I booked through Hotwire, yet the Marriott Marquis had a deal running for barely $300/nt, which to me would have been worth it.	
May 17 2009 	Great hotel	Hotel is in a great location. Staff are really friendly, the housekeeping staff are great.Until we arrived to check in no body had advised of a $300 security deposit, luckily we had a credit card.Tick Tock diner is not great, prices are high and the service is very very slow.Try the Stage Door diner one block up, much better.We had a great time in NYC, the New Yorker is so central it is wonderful for a sight seeing tour of the City.	
May 15 2009 	Nice hotel good location	Only stayed for one night. The welcome was good and the staff very helpful. The room was clean and very well presented. The location is great right next to Penn station so great for the LIRR straight from JFK and or accessing the subway system. The hotel has lots of history from when it was the largest hotel in New York in the 1920's, 1930's and famous for the people that stayed there. It was closed in the 60's but refurbished in the 1990's.Don't bother with the adjoining dinner to the hotel, food was not great and expensive for what it was. there are plenty of other places near by with better food.	
May 14 2009 	ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC	This is our second trip to the new yorker and had the most fantastic stay. We had a lovely clean and spacious room on the 26th Floor. The staff are polite and put them selves out to make your stay as comfortable and perfect as possible especially Rowan who is so professional. We love the new yorker and hope to go again soon. Thankyou to John for organising our transport.	
May 6 2009 	Great location to explore New York	We stayed 3 nights at the New Yorker and thoroughly enjoyed it. Checked in fairly easily after a long journey and headed up to the 30-something floor to our room; the lifts on the right bypass the first 20 or so floors, so it isn't a long trip. I think the lower floors are dorm-type, as there were a lot of school trips/ students etc around in the lobby, but it is plenty big enough for many kinds of traveller. The only one I objected to (late at night) was the idiot in a Guinness hat jumping up and down in the lift on one of the journies up, but we did go over Spring Break/ St Patrick's Day weekend!Room was on the small side, but we expected this and were happy with what we had. The whole hotel is in Art Deco style and this works well. Not much of a view (city was requested) due to the angle of other buildings, just a sheer drop down to the street, which was fun though. Due to the location on 8th Ave/ W 34th St (I think), there is some street noise even this high up, but nothing apart from the fire engines actually woke us.Bathroom is fine, nothing special but functional enough. The walk-in wardrobe was a plus for cases etc, although you need to keep everything in there or hidden away - we left a carrier bag with souvenir photos of the Empire State just near the chest of drawers one day and the cleaner took it, presuming it was rubbish so that was a shame (and it didn't get handed in). Staff were friendly and helpful though, always saying good morning and smiling.Location is great; we got the NJ train from Newark right into Penn Station opposite so this saved us taxi fares (we also caught back to the airport for our flight on to Toronto), so a $15 per person fare - good value. We walked most days up to the sights; Empire State very close and other mid-town attractions are very convenient. Subway stops for a wide range of lines either right outside or at Penn Station.Also worth mentioning that Madison Square Garden is right across the road, and there were hockey fans in the hotel and diner, so it's very handy. There is also a small shop and fitness suite in the basement (down the escalators) - we didn't use the gym but saw plenty of people doing so, and the shop was brilliant for last minute bits and bobs (and very friendly lady). And there was wi-fi in the room, so my husband was pleased - although it seemed to stop working 5 minutes after our check-out in the lobby (either there are 2 systems or they are very efficient!)We didn't eat at the hotel, but the bar seemed popular (especially due to St Patrick's Day). Did eat at Tick Tock Diner for breakfast on our first morning, which was great. Also got a muffin/ pastry from the stand in the lobby when we were checking out.An ideal base for New York, and good value I think (especially as we booked together with flight on Expedia and only paid about £50 extra). Definitely recommended.	
May 5 2009 	good hotel excellent location!!	My husband and I stayed at the New Yorker at the beginning of May for 4 nights. We booked the metro rooms, we read they were small and it was but served its purpose as we were only there to sleep at night. the room was very clean and comfortable. It has a flat screen TV, desk, small closet and small bathroom.The service was good with fast and efficient check in and check out system. The staff at the information desk was very friendly and helpful. Although i didnt find conceierge so helpful as I was making an enquiry by phone and got transferred to them, the lady was very rude and put phone down on me, no bye no nothing. As we were booked on a later flight back to UK, we left our luggage at the hotel. Be mindful that they charge you $1 to leave it there and $1 to collect it again, we only had 2 suitcases and 'm not sure if they charge more if oyu have more bags. I was not advised of this charge nor was there a sign but hey, that's the man's tip gone. The hotel is very convenient, across the road from Madison Square Gardens (we had a room facing it), 2 blocks from Empire State Building, 1 block from Macy's and there is a metro station downstairs - Penn Station on 34th Street. There are 2 Penn stations so becarful when looking at the tube map. I'm normally very good with directions and map reading but this underground system really threw me as the station platforms aren't very well signed posted. Just remember whether you want to travel uptown (towards Central Park / Harlem) or downtown (Financial district / Brooklyn) You can easily get to main tourist atttractions one these lines including Statue of Liberty, Central Park, America's Natural History Museum, Brookyln Bridge etcWe walked to most places as the hotel location was excellent. Times Sq is only 10 minutes walk away as it 5th avenue if you want to do some serious shopping. The only downfall is the hotel does not offer breakfast as a package. However there is a 24hr tick tock diner at the hotel which most people went to. The service is friendly, good food but I found it rather expensive. There are some other cafes nearby. Overall it was an excellent choice and I would deifnately recommend this hotel.	
May 3 2009 	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!	I loved this hotel! And the staff was so awemazingly polite and helpful! After we left the Mansfield hotel this is where we checked in. And we could not be more happy! The rooms where, perfect, light, good temprature and big enough. The diner (Tick-tock diner) was awemazing as well! I'm definitively going back to this hotel!	
Apr 29 2009 	great location	well we had a great stay at the new yorker. There were 6 of us and we wanted a central location and the New Yorker was just right for us. We used the subway quite a bit and it definately puts London tubes in the shade, $2 to go anywhere! so much cheaper and easier to use.The hotel was near everything which was just what we wanted. Near quite a few diners for breakfast, which if you are british the portions are massive, but great! Uncle Jacks steak restaraunt just round corner was fantastic food, not cheap but great steaks.The staff were rude on occasions, but alot of New Yorkers seemed that way! Not all though don't get me wrong. If you want a hotel that is in a good location and clean then this is ideal. Would definately return.	
Apr 29 2009 	What a Fantastic Hotel nothing could have made our stay better!	...Out of Penn Station you come, and straight in front of you is the towering New Yorker Hotel. We were greeted by a friendly face at the reception, checked in (early might I add, with no prior notice given), and directed up to our room. We had possibly one of the best placed rooms in the entire hotel, on the 36th floor, facing directly onto the Empire State Building and looking down onto Madison Square Gardens. The view of the New York City skyline was simply breathe taking. The rooms were small, but coming from London where we're very much used to this, it really didn't feel unfamiliar. The bathroom was clean and bright, and had a fantastic, deep Victorian (well it was old) bath to relax in, as well as a well functioning over-head shower. The room was cleaned and tidied every day, with fresh, clean towels giving on each day - something not quite expected from a 3 star hotel.We never actually ate at the Tick Tock Diner (we chose to sample the food further out in the city streets), however it was always very full, and looked like it had a pretty cool atmosphere. We did try the stagedoor for breakfast just down the road which was great, and was apparently a little cheaper than the Tick Tock.NYC is a phenomenal city, and if you're looking for a good, clean, friendly base to stay while you get exploring, The New Yorker Hotel is certainly it. I would have no problem recommending this hotel to any of my family or friends, and would certainly consider returning on our next visit to NYC.EnjoyDijon	
Apr 29 2009 	Nice location	This hotel is in one of the best locations in nyc.34th street.This is the biggest plus point as it is so close to all the major places.This hotel is great.But the rooms are small.But i believe once cant expect too much for the size of a room in nyc.The hotels really huge and well maintained but its a busy place but the guests are taken care of very well.	
Apr 27 2009 	Fantastic hotel thats value for money!	My friend and I stayed at the New Yorker from the 17th April for five fantastic days for double birthday celebrations and we were not disappointed! I understand that the hotel has undergone a recent refurbishment and therefore the rooms are clean and beautiful. Check in was hassle free and we found all the staff to be extremely helpful, even letting us use the internet free of charge to do a online check for our return flight. We had breakfast every morning from the tick tock restaurant, but being two lazy tired girls we ordered it to our room every morning and this came promptly and avoided the hassle of waiting in a busy restaurant. The location is amazing! 5 minutes from Maceys and Herald Square which is home to a whole host of other shops and about 10 walk from Times Square which as 2 girls we felt quite safe walking back from at late hours in the night. My friend and I between us have worked in the travel industry for 20 years and think considering this hotel is only rated in english brochures a 3 star rating it is excellent value for money. The few minor negative comments that I read on tripadvisor I didnt seem to witness on my stay, however being english i do realise that we are less critical than the americans and let more things go over our heads. Id recommend this hotel to everyone!	
Apr 23 2009 	perfect hotel for mini break	stay here if you are coming to New York to shop and take in the sightsIt is on the metro line from JFK right outside the 34th Street station so there is no wandering about with heavy luggage.It is a five minute walk to times square, Macys is 2 minutes down the block and its right in the centre of town on a really handy subway linethe tick tock diner is below the hotel very handy for breakfast and lunches my room was lovely comfortable and clean, we had a giant double bed, wide screen tv, safe, massive closet for all our shopping and an iron and a board. we got a great view of the city and I would stay here again very soon	
Apr 22 2009 	LOOKING FORWARD TO MY NEXT VISIT	Would recommend that travellers use New Yorker Rides. Book your transport to/from the airport to the hotel. Better than using a yellow cab. Staff at the Reservation Desk were courteous and friendly. Our thanks to Tony for being so helpful.Great location. Close to Macy's, Broadway, Times Square and the Empire State building, etc. (Don't miss the trip to the 86th Floor!!) There are numerous places to eat but we enjoyed the Tick Tock Diner. Open 24 hours a day. The staff were also friendly and enjoyed the Scottish banter. i will recommend the New Yorker Hotel and New Yorker Rides to my friends who plan to visit New York.	
Apr 21 2009 	Location	My husband booked a 4day trip to New York in February. We stayed at the New Yorker hotel. The lobby is grand with massive chandaliers, with a very strong Art Deco influence. I was pleasantly surprised by the art deco feel of the bathroom and bedroom. Particularly the bathroom, as it had a very rustic vintage feel to it!The concierge staff were very helpful, particularly with directions and recommendations of restaurants and places to visit =) The check-in and check-out staff were not as pleasant though!Im not sure how much it cost for our visit as it was part of a package deal with the flights - plus we had a good exchange rate in 2006! I'd recommend this hotel and would probably stay here again.The best thing about staying at The New Yorker was its location. Everything that we needed was within comfortable walking distance.Empire State Building was 2 blocks away (if you go to the top of empire state building, you can clearly see the hotel because of its massive sign!).Maceys the shopping department store was 4 blocks away.Madison Square Garden was practically across the road.Korea town for authentic korean bbq was about 10minutes walk away.Subway was round the corner - so travel was not an issue. Access to lots of high street retailers and fast food chains (Wendys, TGI, Starbucks etc). Internet cafes are also acceessible as (at the time) wireless internet access in our hotel room was not available.Advice:Please be warned if you visit New York in February - it was quite cold! Make sure you take your winter woolies - coat, gloves, scarf!Hope you found this review helpful, good luck! =)	
Apr 20 2009 	Perfect	Just in the city for one night to celebrate my birthday, had a blast and the hotel was perfect.It was close enough to everything we wanted to see and do. Very clean,quiet and friendly and very reasonably priced.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great location	Big hotel, were were suprised at the good service though. Room was small, but clean, and as we booked a cheap room, our view was limited. Breakfast at the in house diner was ok, a bit more expensive than some of the cafes around the corner. Overall we had a fab stay and would certainly go back there again	
Apr 16 2009 	Excellent location and value	Stayed at this hotel over the Easter weekend for 3 nights. Despite the hotel being very large we were able to check-in early (about 1 hour early) without waiting. The hotel is very clean and modern looking, despite being one of the oldest hotels in NYC. The hotel is entirely smoke free so there was no issue with odour. The room was small but what do you expect for NYC. There was enough space to keep luggage and walk around the bed. You shouldn't be spending much time in the room except for sleep. The bed was very comfortable and clean as was the rest of the room and bathroom. Unfortunately we had some noisy people down the hall for 1 night but nothing that you can hold against the hotel. Ear plugs are a good travel tip when staying at any hotel. The room had a flat panel TV with stations like the discovery channel and food network and a pretty big closet. There was an iron and board as well. The bathroom was a good size. The shower does change temperatures frequently, but it is a large hotel and is old. It is also not as bad as people say here. It does not go ice cold or so hot you can't stand under it. It is tolerable. I don't think this should make or break you stay anyways. The only gripe about the room was that there was a draft from the windows seeing how they are hung windows. There was also a slight whistle noise from the window because some caulking was missing.The location is worth every penny. You are steps to the blue line (ACE), as well as walking distance to the red (1,2,3) line (walk east on 34th to 7th ave) and if need be walk to Times Square (15 mins) to catch any train you want. I highly recommend talking the subway to get places after walking the street once. It is really easy to use and a 1 day pass is 7.50 USD (you have to buy this from the machine). Find a good map of the city and a subway map and you are set.We used New York Airport Service to get to this hotel (21 dollars + tips round trip per person from LGA), but be aware that they do expect tips. On the return they will pick you up from your hotel and take you directly to the airport. The service was actually early and we had no issues getting to the airport.Overall this was a great hotel.	
Apr 15 2009 	Excellent choice central to everything	We stayed at the New Yorker in late March for 5 nights, the booking through Airmiles. We arrived around 5.30pm and were told that our room was not ready and waiting inspection by senior cleaning staff. We asked if we could have another room as we had been travelling all day and should have been able to check in from 3pm, another room was available and so we were given the keys to this one. Rooms are very small but what I would expect in a large city.The hotel is in an excellent location for everything. Would recommend The Bread Factory cafe nearby for breakfast. Pasties and hot drinks are available at reasonable price, you can also get salad's, pizza, cheesecake, baguette's, crisps, cold drinks and more there. The only annoying thing's about the New Yorker were that you could hear everything from the people in the room next door through the air vent in our bathroom, their alarm clock, conversations, the TV etc and that the water temperature was either boiling hot or freezing cold in the shower no matter what time of day you used it, this we found partically frustrating.Hotel staff were helpful with directions and booking tickets for bus tours etc. In the basement there is a coin laundry with washers and dryers (to the left of the fitness centre) and a business centre which is well equipped with printer and telephone but charges for internet use.	
Apr 13 2009 	The Best in NYC!!	Excellent for location, minutes walk from times sq, macys and empire state building. Stayed here for the past 2 years. Since the hotel got takenover by the Ramada Chain, the hotel got refurbished in 2007/2008 and hence price went up slightly. However the rooms are pretty much standard, clean aswell. You will hardly notice any faults as your most probably going to be out all day. Also very busy hotel, which fits in with 'busy New york city'	
Apr 10 2009 	Great location and value	Just stayed at the New Yorker for 2 nights with my teenage son. We were in town for his Spring break to see some sights and a show. The location across from Penn Station and Madison Sq Garden is excellent- convenient to the blue and red subway lines. Just a few blocks from Times Square, Theater district, Midtown, etc. Our room at $169- was typical NY small with a double bed. Nicely furnished. Flat screen TV. Free wireless that worked well. I saw no need to upgrade to the &quot;faster&quot; wireless at $9.95 a day.We arrived early on Monday and they were able to put us in a room at 12:30 instead of waiting until 3:00. I found no issues with unfriendly service, though we did not have a lot of interaction.All in all, a very good value and location for NY.	
Apr 9 2009 	Superb fantastic highly recommended	In a nutshell this is an amazing hotel, and as most other reviews have said its location is perfect. Our flight was cancelled when we were leaving from the UK so we arrived a day later, the hotel didnt charge us for the night that we missed and gave us the extra night at the end of our stay. No hassel whatsover. The rooms were great, yeah bathrooms are a bit small but do you go to New York to sit in the bathroom? Its an iconic hotel and you get a real feel for New York gone by when you stay here, probably has a lot to do with the Art Deco design. The rooms were beautifully designed, we paid an extra $113 to upgrade to a New Yorker room which was well worth it. We had a fantastic view and also two double beds in our room (we only needed one so we had plenty room). If youre thinking of booking this hotel I couldnt recommend it more!!	
Apr 3 2009 	Excellent	My mum &amp; I arrived at hotel just after 1pm, were checked into our room on 22nd Floor by 1.20pm by a lovely receptionist. We had no problem getting an early check-in as thankfully it was not that busy &amp; our room was ready. I had phoned a few days earlier to ask if this could be arranged.We couldnt fault the room at all - plenty of space &amp; even gave my mother extra duvets as she was feeling cold at night.We ate in the Tick Tock diner the next morning &amp; it didn't knock the socks off me -- preferred to have breakfast either at the Port Authority or Macys which was better value &amp; better selection.When we left on the Friday the hotel was getting much busier as they had a conference on &amp; left our luggage in the storage room - yes you have to pay but its only 50c per case so well worth plus you do not have to vacate your room till 12.Cleaning staff do knock around 9am to see if ok to clean your room but I suppose they have to start somewhere so wasnt too much of a nuisance.The Hotel is brilliantly located to all the shops especially Macys,American Eagle &amp; Forever 21 &amp; the Port Authority if you wish to go shopping in Jersey Gardens.We enjoyed our stay in the New Yorker &amp; would highly recommend the hotel to all age groups &amp; found all staff exceptional.	
Apr 1 2009 	Fresh Face - Cold Bones	I stayed at the New Yorker Hotel in March '09. The hotel had obviously just been remodeled. The lobby, the bar and especially my room were very nice, clean and attractive. Unfortunately the bathroom left a lot to be desired. It's an old hotel so the crusted bathroom window and layers of paint I could live with. The fixtures were new so that was a plus too. The BIG negative was the water. In the shower the water switched from scalding to freezing multiple times. I would have thought there was a law against that kind of old school plumbing. I don't remember an experience like that since I was a kid yelling from the shower &quot;Who's using the water! I'm in the shower&quot;. Needless to say I will avoid the New Yorker until I hear the plumbing has been upgraded.-Bob[--]	
Mar 27 2009 	amazing location - great trip	My husband and I had never been to New York City. We flew into JFK, took the train located right at the airport through Jamaica Station, all of the way to Penn Station. So cheap and took less than 40 minutes. At Penn station we climbed the escalator, arrived on the street and one block up was the hotel. Right in the middle of everything! Empire state short walk! The best part was being literally right across from Penn station because for less than 2.00 round trip we went everywhere FAST! We stayed three days, and not once did we take a taxi! Transfers back to the airport were just as easy. The hotel diner (tick-tock) was cheap, fast and good. The room was clean, the bed very comfy. Our views were spectacular. Only complaint was my husband got warm showers at different times everyday, but every time I got in (at different times each day) the water was scalding hot and only dripped out of the faucet (literally, I had to use the sink to finish once) and the other times when pressure was good, it was cool. I think the best time was actually in the morning rather than at night. (Also, I can't leave out that the rooms are small compared to other trips in other cities, but we knew that most rooms in NY are like this so we were prepared. We had everything we needed in the room, and it was still cozy. It really was not even an inconvienece) Even with the water problem, I would stay there again in a heart beat for the location and the price. P.S The city is a must to see and experience!	
Mar 24 2009 	Everything we were promised and more.	Travelled with my wife and teenage daughter from the UK to NYC on March 20th. Read the reviews on T/A and got a bit of a mixed bag of opinions which is good. Was attracted by the location and the fact that there was a 24 hr diner witthin the hotel. Booked with letsgo2.com who were very efficient. Flew with Continental from Manchester, who were every bit as good.We took the train from Newark airport to Penn Station, which is a 5 min walk to the hotel. On our arrival we were met at the front desk by the very helpful Muhammed. We asked to extend room use until 18:00 on check out day to co-incide with our flight home. Not only did we get a free upgrade to a suite, but he sorted this for us for $75+tax. The hotel was probably built in the 1950's and has recently had a full refit. Our room was nothing short of perfect. On the 23rd floor, overlooking 8th Ave, The Empire State building and Madison Square Garden, complete with TWO large flat screen tv's.With about 7 elevators, getting to our room from the lobby never took more than 5 mins. Times Square was a ten min walk up 8th Ave. Rooms were serviced daily, and cleaning staff were great. We did all the usual visits, but the best was the helicopter trip around Manhatten and up the river. It's not cheap but at $160 inc tax and fuel supp it was worth every penny. Suprizingy, we used the 24 hr MacDonalds outside the hotel for breakfast every day. Without question it represented great value for money, with a very varied menu too. The hotel diner we found to be a little pricey altho the food was good. Do take your laptop as the hotel provides free WiFi which was very useful. Shopping for clothes, shoes, electronics is great if you look around. The stores near the hotel are very competative. The nearer you get to Times Square however, the dearer it gets. Avoid those trendy eateries in Greenwich and Soho, we paid $100 for diner for 3 of us, which wasn't much tastier than MacDonalds!!For the return journey to the airport, we opted to use the hotel's transportation service. They confirm your flight, and provided us with a limo for $85. This is considerably more money than the train ($15 each) but is much quicker. All in all we will use the hotel again, and look forward to going back soon. You wont be disappoined, there are some less than pretty hotels in the city. We are glad we chose this one (thanx to TripAdvisor xx	
Mar 24 2009 	1929-2009 Well Done	This hotel has lots of history and has a definite art deco feel to it. The New Yorker is in the perfect location. Madison Square Garden is across the street and down the street is Penn Station. We walked everywhere, we went to Times square, Rockefeller Center, St Patrick's Cathedral, the Barking Dog Cafe and we had a ball. Restaurant Row is only several blocks away the New Yorker where we found a terrific little Italian Trattoria. The lobby has lots of seating and the staff was super friendly, respectful and helpful. I wanted extra pillows and I got them very quickly. Some reviewers complained that the rooms are small, maybe, but what our room lacked in size it made up for with chic retro vibes, cleanliness and quiet, no kidding, it's very quiet. There's free HBO for later. Who's staying in anyway? There's more than enough room to be comfortable. There's a gym downstairs and after check out, you can leave your bags with security for the rest of the day, for a buck!.. Very nice, very convenient. And, the New Yorker is pet friendly...I was very pleased and would recommend the New Yorker to anyone.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great Hotel - Excellent Location	We spent 3 nights at the New Yorker and have just returned. I was really pleased with our choice. The location was excellent. Close to both 5th Avenue and Times Square.The rooms were small, but adequate. My only complaint was that there were no drawer space for items of clothers that you cannot hang in the wardrobe. We ended up keeping them in our case. The bed was lovely and comfy and trust me after the long days we were grateful. We found all the staff to be very friendly and professional.We ate at the Tic Tock Diner the 1st morning and I had Eggs Benedict which was about $8.95. We also ate at the Stage Door Deli just down the street and we did find that to be better value. $8.95 also got you coffee, juice and toast. Lunch we just usually grabbed a hot dog from one of the many stands around the city.We had dinner at the Hard Rock cafe, which was excellent and on our last night we splashed out and went to The Tavern on the Green. It was really beautiful. I paid the equivelent to £30 for my entree, which was prime rib. It was the size of a joint of beef enough to feed a family of 4. I only managed 4 mouthfuls so it was a lot of expense for what I ate. It was still a lovely end to our trip.We flew into Newark and took the train. It was $15 each way. It was really easy and took about 20mins.. The only thing is don't bother if you have a lot of luggage. Penn station is all stairs. I still struggled with my small case on wheels. As a result the handle broke. Our hotel was right opposite the station.We did the Grayline 48hour all loop sightseeing bus. it was excellent. You can hop on and off. Some of the guides were really great and very entertaining. Others were not so great. We took the Staten Island ferry which is free. This gives you great views of Manhatten. We also got a free water taxi included in our tour ticket. This got you closer to the Statue of Liberty and the guide and staff were great. We did the Statue of Liberty on the Sunday morning. We pre-paid for our tickets and got go straight up. I had heard horror stories of having to qeue for hours. Guess we were lucky. We loved our trip to New York. We were really lucky with the weather too. Earlier in the week they had snow storms and on arrival we saw the remnants of this. By the Saturday we were walking around Central Park minus our jackets. It was really warm when the sun was out.	
Mar 11 2009 	Worth returning: Comfortable and great location	We had booked our reservations online. We had gotten a pretty good rate, but when we arrived there, we were told the rate we had was a computer error and instead of $139, they had to charge us $199.We weren't happy paying more for the same room, so management offered us a better room: newly renovated, on the top floor with a fabulous view. We were surprised to see we had a living room separate from the bedroom. The furnishings were really nice and all in Art Deco style. The bed was really comfortable and to me, having a white duvet on the bed just reassures me that it IS clean. There were too many pillows on the bed to sleep in, but really useful for reading in bed.I really enjoyed my stay, I'll be back!	
Mar 9 2009 	Appropriate with inadequate management response	I have stayed at this Hotel in February 2009 for six days. The room although not big was satisfactory. The benefits of the Hotel are: good location , free broadband internet , business center and generally the rooms are clean. The staff,generally was courteous and nice. The problems with the hotel: the quality of the Staff is not uniform, some lack basic good manners . Lack of room service is a &quot;down&quot; and lack of restaurant (the only one adjacent is not part of the hotel) whose food goes from the atrocious to the banal (unless you like only fast food).Thre was also an incident that marked my stay at the hotel. Once I was coming back to my room and I was stooped by a security guard of the Hotel, a lady which asked for my room key. Out of dozens of customers at the time, I was the only one asked for the key. I lodged a complaint at the frontdesk and the reply was nully. Nobody bothered to even consider the possibility of wrongdoing or apologies. A management system which is clearly inappropriate. Do they even know what ISO 9000 norms say about quality?The hotel may be adequate good for a quick stay, nevertheless for the price I paid , I strongly recommend other hotels , far superior in terms of answering customers queries and delivering a better service.	
Mar 6 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	Excellent rooms, friendly staff, everything is within walking distance, and the subway station is only across the street. Excellect price, I was a bit concerned at what the hotel may be like as it was less expensive that most other hotels in NYC but very pleasantly surprised after we checked in to our room. We went to NYC with our two girls and my mother in-law. We had a suite with two bathrooms and a bedroom door so we could put our girls to bed and be in the living room area, which also had a fold out bed/couch that my mother in-law slept on, all beds were very comfortable.	
Mar 2 2009 	Fantastic location	Stayed last year and could not be better placed in town. The dinner is something else and the food great. Rooms are comfortable and staff ready to assist.Would be my first chouice hotel in NY if I return.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great Hotel – Excellent Location 	Just back from 4 days in NY and stayed at the New Yorker Hotel... Great hotel with a fantastic central location, right across the road from Penn Station (madison sq gardens) and Macy’s a stone throw away. It is a mere 10 min walk to Times Square too. We had a nice small cosy room on the 26th floor and it was spotless, modern and perfect for our trip. Bed was nice and cosy so no complaints at all. As I like clean comfortable rooms, I would have no hesitation recommending this hotel. We also had a view of the Empire State Building which is nice at night. Our package, which was quite reasonable for a hotel as central as this one in NY, included continental breakfast vouchers for the Tick Tock Diner which is attached to the Hotel. Although you only get tea/coffee and a croissant/bagel or Danish with the voucher, you could have breakfast and pay for the extra items which we did each morning. Although this diner is expensive it’s handy to get your breakfast before starting your big day sightseeing or shopping and you could not ask for a better location as everything is in a short walking distance from the hotel. We watched the premiership football and dined at Tir Na Nog’s Irish Bar just up beside the hotel, same side next block up which was great, had lunch there and food was lovely. We stumbled upon a fabulous restaurant called 'Ruby Tuesdays' just off top of Times Sq and from start to finish, the food, ambience and service was absolutly excellent ... I can not recommend enough as it was just lovely and also reasonably priced. We also took the Grey Line Bus Tour, which included a free trip on the yellow water taxi to Statue of Liberty which was absolutely brilliant... Our host Julie was great craic so would definitely recommend this tour. There is so much to see and do in NY and too much to mention here but we had a fabulous time and would definitely recommend the New Yorker Hotel. We will definitely be back no doubt and staying here again!!!	
Feb 28 2009 	Great Location Spotless!	Arrived at New Yorker and was impressed. Only downfall was that we were left waiting for over an hour for our room after a long haul flight. The room (2x double) was spacious, extremely clean with great views of the city. The bell boys were friendly and helpful with staff greetings upon leaving and entering hotel on every occassion. Was very impressed by the cleanliness and size. Rooms look exactly like they do on the website. Everything you could possibly need you can get in the hotel, shop, diner, resturant, laundry, broadway tickets. Lot's of places to eat/shop on the doorstep with Macy's just across the road! The hotel has security within the hotel that checked you had a room key and no one who wasn't supposed to be there got in, and they were friendly also. In fact, it was so good we can't wait to go back, we miss it!!! Will stay there again.	
Feb 26 2009 	The "New" New Yorker is INCREDIBLE!!	For my 6th return to this hotel I was exicted to see all of the renovations. They are incredible. I felt like I was transported back to the 1920's art deco period when I walked through the new revolving doors.Was at the hotel for Valentine's weekend and brought my son's girlfriend along because she had never stayed at this hotel. Because I wanted to give her the WOW factor I requested a room with a great view. The view was not great it was UNBELIEVABLE!!! Right outside of our suite was the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building. Who could have asked for better!Anyone looking for a reasonably priced hotel that is really, really clean check out the New Yorker. Everything is at your doorstep - Subway, Penn Station, shopping, food, etc. It is located at the corner of 8th Ave and 34th Street.Try it I know you will like it!!!	
Feb 25 2009 	Right Spot right people	Great location for all major attractions in Midtown. A real classic. Staff were friendly and helpful; room cozy, tidy and clean; just an overall excellent experience!	
Feb 24 2009 	tiny rooms!!!!	I stay in hotels all over. My preference is Marriott but I decided to try something new. The New Yorker seemed to have good reviews at a decent price for NY. I took two steps from the door and there was my bed. When I complained they stated that it was because I used Expedia. Finally they offered me another room at an extra cost. They gave me 2 options and let me see them first. They were all the same size!!!! The only difference is that one room had two beds but it didn't feel any bigger. The hotel could be great. It has atmosphere and location but the staff and rooms are below adequate.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great location - would recommend	Stayed here for a couple days for vacation in Dec. '08. Main purpose of our trip was general sight-seeing so this was a great location. No problems, very clean and a good rate for NYC. I would stay here again.	
Feb 20 2009 	Will be returning!	Stayed at the New Yorker for 3 nights with friends and thought it was great. The price was really reasonable for a centrally located hotel. Although the rooms are on the small side, this is to be expected in New York anyway. However, the view of the Empire State building from our room more than made up for its size. The room was cleaned to a high standard each day and the beds were sink-into comfy- which is just what you need after a busy day and night taking in everything New York has to offer. The tick tock was average- but I would recommend a visit to Coopers Bar for cocktails! I've been to New York before, but next time I will be returning to the New Yorker (that is unless I win the lottery and can afford the Plaza!!!!)	
Feb 19 2009 	Much better than expected!	Deciding on which hotel to stay in New York was a nightmare and every hotel I found seemed to have negative reviews including this one! However, in the end we got so fed up of looking we just went for the New Yorker. I was so anxious on arrival after reading the negative comments about it but was really really pleased with every aspect of the hotel!The room was quite small but at the end of the day chances are your not going to be in New York to stay in your room!The concierge service was fantastic, the cleanliness of the hotel was also superb and the location was great everything we wanted to do was within walking distance!I would definately recommend this hotel for anyone going to New York for a city break!	
Feb 17 2009 	Fantastic location	The hotel is art deco in appearance, but so very iconic. The lobby is looking a little tired but you feel as though you are back in time, very atmospheric. You have probably seen pictures of the famous red sign illuminated against the New York skyline.The rooms are spacious and clean. The beds are comfortable. Wifi is available throughout the hotel. There is a diner attached to the hotel for great value breakfasts, eggs over easy, BLTs etc, typical New York fayre. More substantial meals are also available.However, the best part about staying here is the location. Just a five minute walk to The Empire State Building in one direction, five minutes to Times Square in another and five minutes to the Hudson River and boat trips around Manhatten.I will definitely stay here again the next time I am in New York	
Feb 15 2009	Great Value!	The hotel is very centrally located - close to everything, including subway entrances, Penn Station, garment district, theater district, and even the Empire State building. Got a great room rate! Our room was tucked away in a corner on the 20th floor, and while a bit small, it was perfect for us. The bathroom sparkling, the beds super comforbable, and it even had great pillows. Best of all, it was quiet! Hotel amenities included a work out room and business center. The TickTock diner next door was good for 24-hour food, but don't expect attentive service or food above average to good. 9Try the Stagedoor diner just down the block - MUCH better food and service). The only drawbacks to the place were a) they don't offer conditioner with the shampoo for the bathrooms, 2) the front desk people - they're either rude or just very unhappy , didn't make eye contact or smile once, and 3) the concierage was useless. We asked about a sports bar to watch a playoff game, and when we turned down her one and only suggestion (ESPN Zone, which we detest), she just shrugged. Come one! NO other options in all of NYC? She didn't even go online or check with anyone else.  Despite that, I would recommend this place though and will definitely stay there again on my next trip!	
Feb 6 2009 	Good Quality in NY City	My mate and I (both in our early 20's) stayed here in December of '08 on our fourth stop on a round the world trip. We were happy with our stay at the New Yorker.We stayed in a Metro Room with two double beds. The room was small and a little cramped, but it was very comfortable and nice and warm, considering the temperature outside dipped to -10°C (or 12°F) during our stay. The room included two double beds, a widescreen plasma TV, a work desk, a chest of draws, Wi Fi internet service, a heater and a bathroom. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was adequate. With this being said, the shower was very weak in water pressure and was slightly difficult to control in terms of water temperature.The location of the hotel was fabulous, with it being extremely close to Penn Station, which means easy access to JFK and Newark airports. The main Bus terminal was also just up the road. The hotel has restaurants on the ground floor that you can choose from (I can recommend the Tic Toc restaurant, though it can be a little pricey), or you can walk across the road and satisfy your inner child with some McDonalds. Then there are also a couple of cafes nearby where you can pick up relatively cheap breakfasts if you wish. The hotel is within 10-15mins walking distance to Times Square and about 30mins walking distance to Central Park. If you don’t want to walk, just catch the subway up or down the island. If you want to shop, then Macy’s is a couple of blocks away. If you want to go to an event, Madison Square Garden is one block away, with the Post Office directly opposite it. And if you want to get a view of the city, the Empire State Building is just a couple of blocks away as well. What more could you ask for?The staff and service at this hotel were also very good. Our trip to NY included two stays as we were going to Niagara Falls for a day which meant we would get back into NY at about 9am one morning after not sleeping there for that night. So what we did is book a room for three nights, then check out early one morning, then book a room for the nights after we returned. Thus not having a room for the night we weren’t going to be in New York City. The only thing is that this meant possibly having to wait around for about 6 hours until we were allowed into our room. But no, the lady that originally checked us in helped us out and put a block on the room we stayed in initially so no one could use it for the night we weren’t there. Then all we had to do was bring down our bags and leave them in the luggage room ($1 per bag per day) and then come back the next day at 9am and our bags and room were ready for us. This meant showers and rest after a long bus trip which we were very grateful for.The only complaint we would have is that on one of the days, the house maid seemed to have missed our room and consequently, we didn’t have made beds nor new towels. It really didn’t bother us too much, but it was just a little blemish on what was a very good stay.For students or for those who are trying to keep their expenses down and don’t mind being cramped slightly, but want a good night’s sleep, a Metro Room would be for you. For older people or for those who get slightly claustrophobic, I would suggest getting a bigger room. Really, for me in New York City, you don’t spend too much time in your hotel anyway, so really, cramped or not, as long as you’ve got comfortable beds and a decent bathroom, then you’re set.I’ve attached a couple of pictures to help perspective guests to this hotel in deciding whether a Metro Room is for them or not.So, in all, comfortable rooms, you could get a little better with the bathroom, great location, great front counter service, means a great stay in New York City. I’ll definitely be trying to stay at the New Yorker on my next trip to New York City.	
Jan 31 2009 	An Okay Place!	We stayed at The New Yorker for 5 nights in Jaunuary 09 and on the whole we enjoyed our stay. The room was not large but was spacious enough for the 3 of us ( 2 x double beds ) and provided most comforts well enough. It was decorated just as shown in the photos on the web site to a good standard. It didn't have any tea/coffee making facilities, but i had brought our own mini jug which was well worth the hassle to have warm drinks in our room. Coffee was provided downstairs, but that was downstairs so meant going down to get a drink. I would well recommend taking your own kettle for lifes' little treats!Staff were friendly enough and helpful, especially the door man who was most pleasant.The Tick Tock Diner was great for breakfast and we ate here every morning.The subway entrance was almost right outside the door so very convenient and the sights including Times Square, Empire State Building &amp; Madison Square Gardens were very close.On the whole our stay was a pleasant one and would go back if we find ourselves travelling to N.Y again.	
Jan 27 2009 	Great location small rooms good value in the off-season	Stayed here recently, and a great pick with regards to location. Just opposite Penn Station which has a link to the airport via Jamaica station.The hotel was refurbished recently and it's a lovely art-deco environment and looks great. We stayed in 2 rooms (had one night with friends) and both were very small, but clean and comfortable.A lot of NY attractions are within walking distance - Empire State Building, Times Square, theatre district, Rockefeller Center etc. Short train rides to Central Park and Chinatown. Staff were excellent. There's a good diner in the hotel open 24 hrs if you get hungry.Would recommend it in the off-season because it's great value, too expensive (for us) in peak season.	
Jan 19 2009 	Good Location	The New Yorker was a hotel with a great Location. The staff was friendly and could be reached when need. The price was good for the location but they were going through a renovation when we where there. The rooms were extremely small. Madison Square Garden was right across the street. Overall good hotel for the money. Let me know if you have any questions.	
Jan 16 2009	Best Value Hotel!	We loved this hotel! My mother and I visited New York for the first time last December. We knew nothing about the city and finally decided on this hotel mainly because of the price.The best part was the subway's blue line (A,C,E) entrance was directly under the hotel. It was so easy to hop ona dn off the subway that we never did take a cab. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and accomodating, even updating us to a higher floor upon request so that we would have a better view. The room was small (we joked and said that they put us in the broom closet) but it was always immaculatly cleaned and well-maintained.The Tic Tock diner in the hotel lobby was amazing --- great for breakfast and late night dinners. So convenient and not too expensive.The hotel was within walking distance to Times Square, 5th Ave, Macy's etc. The only thing I would advise is to always take 7th Ave to and from Times Square as opposed to 8th Ave. At night 7th seemed to be much better lit and more crowded -- we felt safer.Definetely a great value hotel for NYC!	
Jan 12 2009 	Good value	Hotel is a great value. The hotel has retained its Art Deco feel in the public areas, but the rooms are modern, clean, and well furnished. Staff is friendly and helpful. Good coffee shop. Location is good, subway stop right outside.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Hotel	The Hotel is easy to reach and has a very central location, the room was a bit small but very comfy and clean. We got upgraded to the 36th floor the view was stunning. The TikTok is expensive and not so special…	
Jan 7 2009	Okay Hotel for the Price	We just got back from 2 nights at the New Yorker (Jan 1st to 3rd). The hotel was extremely crowded for the holidays (to be expected) and there were long lines to check-in and out. Since we were checking in on New Year's our room, we were told that our room would not be ready until late in the afternoon. After asking for the manager, he promised to do his best to get us checked-in as early as possible (ended up being about 2:30pm- check-in time is supposed to be 1:00pm). We appreciated that the manager was willing to help us, but we found the other front desk staff to be rude. The room itself was pretty standard- clean, but tiny and with no view. The heat wasn't working very well, it would either blow really hot or cold air and we found the same happened with the shower. Overall, I think we got what we paid for. We paid a little less than $150 a night. In the future, I'd probably spend a little more and stay someplace nicer.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Hotel Great Rooms Great Location!	We stayed for Christmas and New Years, it was awesome. It was small but that's to be expected in New York City. We arrived about 5:30pm, hardly any line to check-in. It was a little pricey but we're still really happy with our stay here. We had originally booked our stay at Hotel Pennsylvania on 7th Ave but after reading all of the horrible reviews online about it we changed to the New Yorker at the last minute and boy am I glad and lucky that we did. We had a twin room with two double beds, we were facing the front of the hotel and we had a great view of the Empire State Building, it looked magical all lit up at night.Fantastic location, 2 minute walk from the Manhattan Center, 5 minutes from Madison Square Garden, 10-15 minutes from all of the action of Times Square. It was so handy to walk from Times Square back to our hotel on New Years Eve, we went to events at the Manhattan Center and MSG while we were there too, I can't talk enough about the great location... it was perfect for us. It was a 7 minute walk from the Port Authority Bus Station too, which we used to get to an NFL game in New Jersey, $10each roundtrip, can't beat that!Plenty of places to eat too, Grand Papaya's is a 5 minute walk down 8th Ave, they have the best Hot Dogs in NYC, good prices too. There's a 24hr bakery 3 minutes from the hotel too, great cheese pizza and even better donuts. 2 donuts of your choice for $1.25, beat that Dunkin Donuts! Not to mention, White Castle, McDonalds and Taco Bell are all minutes away, you really are spoilt for choice. There's a great Chinese place called Fo Ling you should check out too, so cheap and so good! Avoid the Tick-Tock Diner downstairs, it's a tourist trap. Overpriced and below average food, cafe34 across the road is cheaper but the burgers aren't that much better. Wendy's is across the road too, go there for burgers... yeah, like I said, lots of food options. If you want pizza, John's Pizzeria off times square is the best place to go. You'll go back to Gray's Papaya more than once though, trust me... mmmmm, 2 dogs, mustard and a large Papaya drink... awesome. Try all of their fruit drinks.I'd absolutely stay here again, if you want to attend a few sporting events, concerts, broadway musicals or just be near Times Square, this hotel is for you. The concierge downstairs was very helpful too, helped us with broadway times, prices, movie times, different shop locations, different phone numbers. They were great.	
Jan 5 2009 	Good Hotel - Well worth staying in...	We just returned from a 5 night stay in the hotel &quot;The New Yorker&quot;. I have been told a lot of horror stories about New York hotels, but this hotel is really neat and clean. Room is not a great size but will do for a city break. Rooms are nicely decorated and all have a nice size LCD tv. Beds are comfy and shower facilities are good also. Down stairs it also has its own 24hr diner, food is good but slight pricey. For best value breakfast i would recommend &quot;Rock Cafe&quot;. Full English with tea/coffee $16 per person. Pancake in the hotel will cost almost $10. I recommend this hotel to any one traveling to New York. It’s very close to Time Square, only about 5-10 min walk. Also has Penn Station right out side the hotel so you can easily travel down to the finical district, this enables you to see the Statue of Liberty.i would rate this hotel more than a 3 Star. You will enjoy!!	
Jan 2 2009 	Great Location Good Hotel	We booked last minute for NYC and chose this hotel as it was on offer through Expedia.We were very pleased with the location (right by the subway) the room was not huge but we didn't go to New York to sit in a room. The tv was fine with cable and the bathrooms were clean. Check in was fast. The hotel is great for people staying in NYC for shopping, sights etc. If you did need taxis and not the subway there are always a few outside waiting.The only downside is waiting for a lift/elevator in the morning it gets very busy.	
Jan 1 2009 	Great Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the NewYorker Hotel from the 22/12/08 to the 28/12/08, and would recommend the Hotel to everyone. The reception staff were very good and the maid service was equally as good. Although the room was small it was clean and comfortable and had recently been refurbished. Our room number was 2927. The Hotel location was fantastic and proved to one of the highlights of our stay, everywhere is accessible, Times square, Macys, Empire State building etc, and we walked to China town from the Hotel on Christmas day.If you were not into walking the Penn Street Station is minutes from the hotel and for $4 return, you could travel to the World trade centre.The only dissapointment we had was at the Tick Tock Diner which is attached to the hotel, beware it's very expensive, an example for you is that I had an English Breakfast and my wife had 3 pancakes ,we both had one cup of tea. The cost $43. Extortionate. Another tip is if you see a Police Officer eating in a local fast food place, it means that the quality of food is good and the cost is reasonable.We found a great chinease restaurant called the Golden City it's just around the corner from the hotel opposite the Camera shop. Although from the outside it didn't look great the food was exceptional and the staff were very helpful.Please also make sure you know the cost of an item at a shop before you go to pay as you may find the asking price depends on your accent.We also found to our cost at Macys that several full price items are mixed in with items which are on a display at 30% and 50% off. It could not have just been a mistake by someone placing the odd full priced item beside the others, as there were perhaps ten or more of the full priced items in the same area.On the whole we loved our saty and would go back to the NewYorker Hotel.	
Dec 31 2008 	art deco hotel	This hotel is a gem ,friendly staff,Clean rooms,fantastic diner and chic restaurant.it is only 1 block from maceys ,10 mins from time square,would highly recommend this hotel	
Dec 30 2008 	Great Christmas experience	We have just returned from a 6 day holiday in New York and WOW what a time we had.The hotel is great, perfectly positioned and fantastic views. We stayed in room 3724 and we had a view of the Empire State Building and out the corner window we could see Hudson River.I know you only sleep there but how great it was to end the day looking out over the city and looking at the lights and when waking in the morning to see the sunrise. We had no problem checking in, it was quick, pleasant and easy. Staff were friendly both at the desk, doorman and info. We never waited long for a lift even though the hotel was very full. Every morning we started the day with me fetching Starbucks coffee from across the road for the 3 of us. Then we would venture off into the heart of it all, which took max 15min slow walk to Times Square or 20min to Central Park or even better when wanting to go a bit further we would take the subway, the entrance being next to the hotel on the corner for lines A,B &amp; C or next block up for lines 1,2 &amp;3. Macy's is also 1 block away, Madison Square Garden on the next block to right of hotel, movie house around the corner and of course if you have a child or hubby like mine that enjoy Mac Donalds then it is easy as there is a 24 hour one right across the road next to Starbucks. For odd tit bits or medicine, there is a 24hour Chemist on the corner. So as you can see everything is situated around or near the hotel if not on the doorstep. I strongly recommend &quot;The Stage Door&quot; 1 block down on the right, opposite Madison Square Gardens for the best sandwiches, wraps etc. Hardrock Cafe is great for buffet breakfast at $16 each and would also recommend Ellens Stardust Diner with singing waiters, this is 10min away on corner 50th or 51st ave and Broadway (confirm address with hotel) We took a train to New Jersey for a shopping spree at one of their many malls. When arriving at JFK we decided we would try the subway instead of paying $45 for a taxi it cost us $2 each, we took a Air Train to Jamaica Station and from there we took line A to Penn Station which comes out at the back door of the hotel, this took aprox 40 min which apparently is the same time a taxi would take. At any time we were unsure or needed to be shown in the right direction we were helped by very friendly Americans, what lovely people, always willing to help. Finanlly a great thank you to Kristina and Patricia for answering all my emails and allocating the fantastic room. We will be back and would recommend this hotel to friends and family.	
Dec 30 2008 	New Yorker Hotel	The New Yorker Hotel is conveniently located between Penn Station and Times Square. The location is great for first time tourists, with rates that are more reasonable during the weekdays. I don’t live far so, I took the train into Penn Station. It’s a short easy walk from there. The rooms offer the basics: a bed, TV, bathroom, and closet space. I stayed in a room with two double beds. It was tight, but enough space…especially since all you need it for is sleep. Overall, I enjoyed my stay. The room was clean, the water pressure was good, and thankfully there was an iron for my wrinkled clothes. Check-in and check-out were easy. For the most part, the staff was helpful. I was only really disappointed by one thing…the concierge. She was horrible. I stood in line with several people for a while…and all I wanted was a phone number to make reservations to a restaurant I heard about. She was very inefficient with the people in front of me, and didn’t actually give them good advice about a Broadway play, but I kept my mouth shut. I was frustrated, but talked to people in line to pass time. She looked over from time to time and asked me more than once if I was with the group I was talking with, and I continued to say no. After waiting for about 20 frustrating minutes, she got to me and googled the number. I suggested a way to search for it, and she cut me off saying &quot;why don’t you do it yourself?&quot; I was shocked. I merely made a suggestion. If she was frustrated by her clearly inefficient methods, why should she take it out on a guest? Do not use the concierge here for advice…it’s not worth it.	
Dec 30 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	My mother in law and I traveled to NYC for the first time to see a concert that I dragged her to. I read the reviews once we booked the trip and was a little worried. The night before we were due to leave, my mother in law called the hotel to find out what kind of restaurants were in the immediate area. She was very helpful, and also told my mil that our room was quite small. My mil said as long as it had two beds and a bathroom and the room was clean, we would be just fine.When we checked in the hotel, the desk attendant was very helpful. We were comforted when we found out that you have to show your key before you get to the elevators. We were told our room was on the 40th floor. Lo and behold, it was on the top floor! We walked in and were extremely satisfied...until we only saw one bed!! But then we realized that the couch was a pullout. Crisis diverted. The room was very clean, the t.v.'s were great, and the view was SPECTACULAR!! I could see out of one window and see madison square garden, the sole reason why we were there. (to see NKOTB which was amazing, by the way) Oh, I was a little worried about the pull-out, but it was pretty comfortable. Also, the pillows are WONDERFUL!!We left to get dinner and walk around a bit, and when we got back, water had gotten in through one of the windows from a heavy rainstorm while we were out. We called the front desk and they came up pretty quickly. I was worried we would have to change rooms, but we didn't.The Tick Tock Diner was great for breakfast, but not so much for dinner. The night we went service was a bit slow and it was a little difficult to find something that was appealing.All of the staff were very helpful. We booked one of the double-decker tours and arranged for transportation back to the airport. Everything went very smoothly.I am trying to go back to NYC for my 30th birthday next year. Regardless of when I come back, I hope to stay at the New Yorker again and get the same kind of room. I hope my next stay is just like this one was.	
Dec 29 2008 	Fab Hotel	Not long returned from a four night stay at the hotel. Check in was very quick even though the check in system was down on arrival. Reception staff was very friendly.We had a room on the 37th floor. As said before by other guests the rooms can b small but you dont go to stay in hotel room. Bathroom was ok but not a modern as room and rest of the hotel we had seen.Had a very full few days which ment we needed a good breakfast. Tick tock diner was very good for this and reasonably priced. We ate once in coopers that was good aswell.Hotel is in a very good location, a few blocks from most of the main attractions and in walking distance of others. We found a briitish pub in greenwich and was chatting to an ex brit which was good as we found out a few more things about new york. If you are thinking of using the yellow cabs make sure you know the street and avenue as some taxi drivers have no idea where places are.I would definatly stay at this hotel again and would definatly recomed to friends and famiily, actually we are looking at staying at the hotel the same dates next year/	
Dec 29 2008 	Cramped and tasteless	Booked by expedia, the hotel on the website seemed great and I was very much looking forward to it. Hoever, upon arrival at the hotel, we were waiting at reception for 15 minutes before the man behind the desk decided to get off the phone. we were then shown to our room ( if you could call it a room and not a broom cupboard) which was supposedly for 2 people, with a single bulb in the ceiling, a bed barely big enough for one and a view of a brick wall, and mould in the bathroom. When we phoned down to reception to tell them we were unhappy with the acomodation, we were told by the staff that this was 'our problem' and that we could not be moved from the room. The rudeness of the staff and their unwillingness to help us further angered me, and we moved hotels imediately to the Paramount after a heated discussion with expedia. The paramount was only a 5 minute walk way, much more spacious and in general a much better hotel. I would reccomend the new yorker to those who dont mind staying in squalor and darkness, with arrogant staff who act like they own the hotel, not work there. Never again !	
Dec 27 2008 	Great location	Stayed there in Oct 07 for 8 nights. The honeymoon trip to New York was great overall, but the hotel was not very impressive at that time. The furniture was outdated as we stayed in one of the old rooms, the corridors were dirty and some of the staff not very helpful. The hotel was in the middle of the renovation period and works were in place every day. On the other hand, the location is great, opposite Madissson Square Garden and very close to Macys, the metro stop is just under the hotel, and the view from our room (19th floor) to the Empire State building was magnificent. I guess that today, after the renovation is over and the rooms are all new, it is a very good choice to stay in New York. In any case, a trip to New York does not leave you with much time to spend in the room!	
Dec 27 2008	What a wow	Chose the New Yorker for a Mother/Daughters girlie week, seeing the sites and shopping. The Hotel was wonderful, the staff were great most of them had a good sense of humour. Our thanks and admiration to the transportation desk who were prepared to help and give advice at any hour (including 5.30am after our bemused brains woke us up at 3.30 and got us on the move on day 1). The room was excellent, the beds very comfortable, AND a bathroom that provided plenty of steaming hot water.Despite the queue and influx of people, the reception desk staff were quick, efficient and also had a sense of humour.Disappointed at not having drink making facilities in the room a quick call to housekeeping remedied the problem and we were provided with a coffee maker and kept with a plentiful supply of coffee and creamer.No need to comment on the location, it had it all, everyone staying there has said you could not do better.We are all waiting to see if we can get back there again as quickly as possibleBig disappointment, beware of some Newark taxi drivers, we were taken for a ride. Next time it will be easier to take the NJ transit train to Penn station.	
Dec 21 2008 	Great Location Solid Hotel	I stayed at the New Yorker in mid July, primarily due to its vacinity to Penn Station (I took the Amtrak Maple Leaf from TO) and for its reasonable price quotes on-line. Overall I was very impressed with this hotel.First off, due to weather issues, I was unable to check-in until about 1130pm...no worries, the hotel staff was great and I was checked-in within minutes. The location to Penn Station is unreal, it's a block north of the Northwest entrance. Now for those who are expecting a huge room, well for a single bed, it's not big at all, but since you will likely spend about 80-85% of your time in the city, it's fine. The room was really clean and the cleaning staff addressed all of my questions/problems I had (btw I only had on problem with a tap that was leaking the first night and that was addressed the next morning).Since this hotel is on top of the A,C and E subway and down the street from the 1,2 and 3 lines you can get anywhere at anytime. I was able to get to all the sites and attractions I wanted to in relatively quick times. My primary reason for the trip was to see Yankee and Shea stadiums and both aren't too bad to get to from the hotel via the subway. To be honest I really just slept at the hotel and was all over the city the rest of the time (MSG, Yankee and Shea Stadium, St Patrick's Cathedral, WTC site, etc.). Here are the main pros and cons from the stay:Pros:Location- see aboveSecurity- you have to show you pass to get to the elevators all the timeCleanliness- very clean and comfortable roomAccess to the subway- See above, it's right belowAccess to attractions- down the street from MSG and the Empire State Building. Also for those shoppers, Macy's is about 2 blocks westValue- For what I paid+location, it was excellentCons:Room size- again this is a minor con, but I'm sure some people need a large room....this place might not do that for youAir conditioner- It was a bit noisy and it was really, really cold (even on a low fan)Bathroom- although it was clean and a fair size, it was outdated (green tiles and what looked like a sink from the 40's)Cable TV- Hardly an channels, but again NYC is the city that never sleeps, so who needs TV,Overall the cons were very minimal and the pros far outweigh them. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone and already have to my parents.	
Dec 20 2008 	What a fantastic hotel	Absolutley brilliant hotel. 5min walk to times square, madison square gardens across the road and tick tock diner attached to hotel which is great for breakfast.stayed in New Yorker hotel for 4nights with my fiance and had a very pleasant stay. stayed in renovated room on 28th floor with very comfy bed and clean facilities. all staff members pleasant and smiley. happy to help at any time of day or night. it cost around $50-$60 from JFK airport to hotel but that is including tips. you have to tip for everything in NY.anyone who stays at this hotel will have a fantastic stay and brilliant time in new york!!!	
Dec 19 2008 	Great Location	Just returned from a short break to New York. The New Yorker Hotel has just been refurbished so was looking very good.My friend and I stayed in a two double bedded metro room,which to be honest was quite small but after all we only slept there!The room was spotlessly clean and the beds were lovely and comfortable.It would have been nice to have tea and coffee making facilities though.Attached to the hotel was the Tick Tock diner from which you could get a delicious breakfast which would set you up for the day of sightseeing and shopping.The location of the New Yorker is fantastic with Macys and The Empire State Building just around the corner and most other attractions within walking distance.The Christmas lights were stunning and to top it all it snowed,all in all a fantastic time.	
Dec 12 2008 	Great Place Great Location	Me and my girlfriend stayed 4 nights here, and loved it! We were very late getting in due to weather delayed flights, checked in around 11.30pm, no problems, staff all smiling and helpful. We were the first ones to use a renovated room on the 21st floor, was roomy enough, the bed was heaven, everything worked like it was supposed to! Hey, we were in NYC!! We werent living all day and night in the room! We could walk everywhere that end of town, Broadway, Times Square, Central Park, and plenty of shopping and food close by ( try the pizza slices 2 blocks down - delicious), and was just a bus ride down to the financial district, China Town, Statten Island Ferry, Ground Zero and the Statue of Liberty etc. And when it was time to leave, a quick walk to Penn Station for a train! The free wireless internet was a bonus as well, very high speed. All up, a thoroughly great place to stay, great value for money, and always felt safe there!	
Dec 9 2008	fantastic holiday	just returned from 5 great days in new york the hotel new yorker was great everyone was so friendly and helpful, the tick tock dine is a must the staff are very helpful the food is good value and the breakfast sets you up for a days sight seeing and shopping. the rooms in the hotel are clean and we has loads of storage the bathroom is small but very clean. I would go back as the the hotel is so central for all the sights and shops no need to get taxis.Mollie from Liverpool	
Dec 8 2008 	New Yorker Rocks but Brigid is scary!	Just back from a business trip to NY staying at the New Yorker. Know the New Yorker well as this is one of the regular hotels we use in the city. I was in a newly refurbished room which was goregous in terms of decor with flat screen tv etc mounted on wall but the room was TINY! I basically has 1-2ft around the bed! The bathroom was also redone but again tiny.... and we were paying close to $300 a night!Apart from the size of the room the hotel is in an amazing location in midtown with the A C and E train running straight from the corner of the hotel. From this subway station you can connect to all other lines. The hotel is also on 34th Street which came in very handy during black Friday meaning I could shop till I dropped and was only 2 or 3 blocks from the hotel to drop off and start again.The only thing that annoyed me about the hotel was the front desk manager Brigid. Not a very nice lady at all and i'm sorry if you have had to deal with her in the past or if you have to deal with her in the future. She is scandanavian and very short and rude! I had problems with the payment of my room i.e. they didn't take payment from our corporate amex at the time of booking and I never brought it with me as I had the hotel voucher - she made a big stramash about how the room wasnt paid and that I wouldn't be staying there unless I paid £1600 US upfront! Was so angry as i was just off a transatlantic flight and the fact that our office in the UK was now closed was irelevant to her. I eventually paid, which was refunded in the morning - but she did try and hold my money until I checked out - total chancer. Felt to sorry for her staff on the front desk as they seemed to be doing all they could without having to ask for her assistance - and you should see the face of thunder if she had to come out front!Ok rant over! Vile Woman lol!But yeah New Yorker rocks!	
Dec 6 2008 	loved the new yorker hotel for thanksgiving	concerned about reviews, I asked for a high floor. I was given a rooom in the 28th floor. Small but ok for the price I had paid....I thought.The pipes in the next room where a little bit noisy so we asked for a change. Staff more than helpful, moved us in less tah 1 hour to floor 29th to a bigger room even with an excellent view....without paying a single pence extra.tips: if you are arriving to JFK, take the airtrain, change in Jamaica and take the LLRail to Penn station.it will take you no more 30' thewhole journey.Penn station is in front of the hotel.The diner next to the hotel is overpriced and crowed.The coffee shop 31, in the corner of the maddison sq garden is great and only 2 metres from the hotel.the best views from the empire state building are at sunset. allow plenty of time for queing.	
Dec 4 2008 	Excellent Place To Stay.	Spent the weekend here (Friday - Monday) and thought it was an excellent place to stay. Thoroughly recommended.The room (albeit a bit small, Queen's Metro) was wonderful, very Art-Deco, though the bathroom in places looked a bit tired and being quite tall, the bath was a bit small! But as the we only really used to room as a place to stay it was more than adequate with an excellent heater.The rooms above the 25th floor have recently been refurbished (ours had) and the hotel in general was extremely clean and well presented. I loved the Art-Deco style.Check in was efficient if, a little impersonnal though they gave plenty of information. They also look after your bags once you've checked out for $2 allowing you to do some last minute sightseeing/shopping.The information desk was more than helpful in giving directions and finding out things for you to do.The Tic-Toc diner was alright for food (Breakfast), clean and well presented even if it got a little busy at times.There was some work going on at the time in the main foyer though this didn't really intrude on the overall atmosphere.	
Dec 3 2008 	Good Value Great Location	For those that have never visited NYC - or perhaps just haven't visited in a very long time, it is easy to be blown away by pricing for accommodations. Most of the time you end up spending what you would for a high-end hotel in Anywhere, USA and find out that it's just a matchbox hotel room that might have clean sheets if you're lucky and in a questionably convenient location. Well the great thing about this recently renovated hotel is that it's a great location, the rooms are actually decently sized (by NYC standards), and the upgraded amenities help it stand out from just an average hotel - and to seal the deal the rates really are not bad. So if you're looking for a good value in the city that will afford you the comforts of home with a great location without breaking the bank, then the New Yorker is a good choice.	
Dec 2 2008 	New York - New Yorker - Fantastic	Am going to say what most of the other reviewers have said!The hotel was in a great location, just a few blocks from Macy's, Times Square, opposite Madison Squres gardens and Pensylvania Station. The Port Authority Bus Station was also only a few minutes away to get you to Woodbury Common, Shopping Outlet.Overall could not fault the hotel - Clean &amp; Modern Rooms, room enough for 2/3 girls and lots of shopping!!We has rooms 2039/2041 and had great views of the city.The reception staff were helpful when needed, good security (you have to show your key card to get to lifts).Handy Diner on site served usual American style meals, or for a cheaper option there is a Starbucks close by or a 24hr McDonalds opposite!!Would definatley use this hotel again and reccommend to friends.	
Nov 24 2008 	Cant fault this hotel	After reading some of the reviews on here i, like alot of others was a little apprehensive about staying at the New Yorker. I should not have worried, we had a suite on the 25th floor and it was AMAZING. The views were stunning, decor impeccable, service pleasent. The location was fabulous both from a sightseeing perpective and a shopping one. The only minor changes i would have made, there is no room service, i would have expected it in such a hotel especially when there are no tea facilities in the room. Also we paid for b+b and the breakfast spread was a little disappointing.. however the view from the 39th floor dining room made up for it!. overall a fab hotel x	
Nov 23 2008	Excellent Location and good value for money	Hi All,Slightly jeg lagged still from our superb trip to New York, so bear with me as I blog on!!We booked a Queen Room through expedia in this hotel and after searching for a couple of weeks this looked the best in terms of location and price. I emailed the hotel before to ask to be put as high as possible in the hotel, we were on the 35th floor with superb view of the Hudson River. They did this at no extra cost. The rooms are clean and newly refurbished. They are small, but hey this is NYC and you won't spend much time there. Ladies- I sent my other half down to the bar to get him out of my hair while I got ready to go out as there isnt a great deal of room.The staff are very friendly and helped to recommend a good mexican restaurant to us. I felt very safe and they will check your room card before letting you upstairs.The Tick Tock diner below the hotel is great for breakfast and lunch. It's quite pricey due to it's location but food was always excellent. I ordered a room service breakfast one day and it arrived on time and hot food etc.The hotel bar Coopers is nice but it's quite pricey at $7 a beer so beware we nearly passed out when we bought a drink there!!Right next to a main line subway station which is handy, you will get tired walking loads in New York, it's a bit complex to navigate but saves money in taxi fares at $2 for a single ride.To get to the airport there is a transportation desk at reception, if you order a cab from there beware as it's $20 more expensive than getting a yellow cab however it means you don't have to hail one yourself (in the cold wind if winter), you can gurantee it turns up and the transportation staff will be able to factor in enough time for traffic as we travelled to airport in rush hour. It was also a nice black car with leather seats, it kind of finished the trip of for us in style. For the extra $20 as well they will check you in and print your boarding card so much easier than running round trying to find a internet cafe.All round great hotel, would go back again.	
Nov 21 2008 	Basic but comfortable	My husband and I have just returned from our stay in the New Yorker.I read lots of reviews before we went and thought I would just add a few thoughts of my own.Firstly, as it was our first trip to NYC I booked the Super Shuttle minibus to colllect us from JFK and take us to our hotel. I thought it would save a bit of hassle on arrival but we would have been just as well off by arranging it when we got there as we ended up hanging around and travelling with people who hadn't booked at all. The minibus held 11 people and it was full and cramped. It was also a very bumpy ride! Admittedly it was cheaper than a taxi ( about $17 each on the bus compared with $45 for a taxi) but less convenient and definitely less comfortable!!On arrival at the hotel we decided to upgrade from our Expedia metro queen room. it cost us an extra £25 a night but it was an updated room on the 24th floor with views towards the Hudson river.As has been said many times the room was small but did have a 5 foot comfortable bed.I had read that there were no tea making facilities and as a pair that can't function without our morning cuppa we took a small travel kettle with us ( it cost £10 in Argos). We were very glad of it - not just in the morning but on our return to the hotel when we had spent the day sightseeing.The location of the hotel really is second to none. I thought people were exaggerating when they said it was &quot;round the corner from&quot; Macey's, Empire State building etc but it is and was very central for many other attractions.Like many others we would highly recommend taking the bus tours around the city. We went with the blue buses ( City sights) but there are also red buses ( run by Greyline). We found a disadvantage with the blue bus when we sat upstairs at the front as there was a bar across the window which cut down visibility and made it difficult to take photos. We noticed (afterwards) that the red buses had bigger, clear front windows. On the other hand the blue buses ran an excellent nght tour which took us across the Manhatten bridge into Brooklyn where we saw the magnificent Manhatten skyline. Well worth going - even in the rain.We don't think the red buses actually went across the river.It is much cheaper to sign up with one or the other company for all the tours so you pay your money and make your choice.All in all we had a wonderful holiday. We felt safe walking in the city, found the people polite and the streets clean and we would definitely stay in the New Yorker again.	
Nov 19 2008 	Great Location!!!!!!	After reading various negative reviews of The New Yorker, I was very tempted to cancel the hotel, and search for another one, I was pleased that I didn't. The taxi fare to the hotel from JFK is a fixed rate of $45 plus approx $5 for the toll. Check in was quick and straight forward...staff weren't very smiley, but I wasn't planning to hang around for a chat. Security at the hotel is great, guests need to show their room key to get past. I was allocated a room on the 22nd floor, there are plenty of lifts. The room was a double/double, side view, a double/double room does make the room appear a bit smaller, but it's not too bad. The room was very clean, bathroom was clean, and more than enough towels are supplied. The hairdrier is quite powerful, there is only one negative thing I can think of, and that is that the shower isn't powerful, but again it's bearable. Shampoo and Body Gel bottles are supplied and replaced if necessary.Location: the location of the hotel is fantastic...minutes walk to Macys, and The Empire State Building, come out of the hotel, turn right and than left at the traffic lights...walk for a couple of mins and you're at Macy's. Tick Tock Dinner is to the right of the hotel as you're walking out, nice place, we had a $5 tip added on at the end of the bill. Another great restaurant for breakfast, lunch and dinner is The Stage Door, again to the right of the hotel, cross the road. Great menu and reasonable prices, good service.I would also recommend a cafe on 672 Eighth Avenue, cheap, and the food is very fresh and prepared in front of you. Come out of the hotel, cross the road, turn left and walk for about 7/8 mins.The hotel does not charge to the room. The hotel bar is pricey!!!!!!!! But does play good 80's music.Check out - it might be worth checking with the company you've booked the hotel with to see if the price you're paying includes local taxes. Our final bill had a total of 13% added per night on top of our bill. If you have time to kill before your flight, you can leave your luggage with the hotel for a charge of 50c per case/bag, and the same charge when collecting your case/bag. The hotel taxi to the airport is around $70, would recommend pulling a taxi off the street for the flat rate of $45.Overall, I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 19 2008 	Fab Location Great Place to stay ******	I went with my boyfriend and parents for my 21st birthday and we could not have picked a better spot! This was our first visit to New York City and one i will never forget!When we arrived at JFK we had booked a car through the hotels link for a company called New Yorker Rides (they are based in the actual hotel) such nice guys! The car was just what we had asked for as we had 8 bags (2 each) and didnt think that a yellow cab would be big enough! It cost $135 but well worth the money we were at the hotel in about 30mins and the driver was letting us know of all the shopping, sites etc.We arrived at the hotel around 12.30pm, although check in time is 3pm we thought we would just see if the rooms were ready and they were - perfect start to the holiday! The rooms were ample sizes for what we needed them for - yes probably not the biggest rooms we had seen but to be honest you only really sleep in them! we were on the 26th floor and as we were around the back we hardly heard any traffic noice (apart from the odd police car) and the honking of the horns (quite funny actually as there are signs all around the city saying no honking - fine of $350!!) Tick tock diner is a must! pancakes are to die for and the service was fantastic (apart from one grumpy blonde waitress who didnt no how to smile let alone be polite!)Like i said location i great! 2 blocks up the street is empire state building - if you can find a guy who is selling the multi tickets they are outside e.s.b. the tickets are for sky ride and observation tower $48 but well worth it - normal queue 2hrs we queued 1hr and done both! if the weather permits it go up at night such a stunning view! Times Square was just a few blocks away and so was macy's - if you go macys go to the visitors centre and get your 11% discount card valid for the month - great savings! On our first day we bought a 2 day bus pass for the grey line buses (red in colour) best thing we did and it saved our legs as it takes you to all the places you want to see - there is another company that does run blue buses they are also good - reason we went for grey line was because we got free boat ride (1hr cruse) arond statue of liberty and also went up the hudson river.Ice skating is on at the moment we first went to rockafella centre but found that it was way too expencive $30 each all together and really packed - the tree lights go on 3rd dec i think.So we decided to go central park and have a look (it on the south side of the park)- much better a bigger rink and come to about $40 for both of us (boots n locker hire inc) and to our surprise a film was being recorded there so we could be famous lol The one thing i was looking forward to the whole holiday was a horse and carrage ride around central park and i was not dissapointed $40 for about 15 mins but a great experience! i was also happy to see that the horses were not skinny and were able to stop and have a drink at the designated fountains around the park - we didnt feel that the ride was rushed at all!For those of you who want Tiffanys its not got a huge sign outside it so look out! it on 5th Ave east 57th street and the sterling Silver Tiffany bits are on 3rd floor (braclets range from $210 up, Earings $175 and necklaces range from $300 - so get your guys to start saving!)We again got car from new yorker rides back to JFK cost $75 but these prices do inc taxes and tolls - again great car nice driver and very prompt! Yellow cabs do have a sign on them saying $45 flat fair but we met quite a few people who had done that from the airport and got charged $80 not inc tolls and of course you have to tip aswel so this seemed more sensible!Will deff be coming back!	
Nov 16 2008 	Very enjoyable and friendly	Stayed at this hotel from November 03 to 06, 2008. Great hotel in NYC, close to everything. All staff at hotel,staff at New Yorker Rides (John Sr. and Jr.) and the staff at Tick Tock Diner were all very friendly and helpful. Yes the room and washroom was small but that is to be expected in NYC for a double/double room, it was the size I expected after researching many hotels in Manhatten. Washroom could have used a more updated tub surround and toilet but the sink and ammendities within it were usual hotel standard. We were happy to have our room on the 19th floor but it was inside the indent of the building so we never had a view. I did not ask to change rooms or upgrade because we were going to get our views from our excursions around the city, did not plan to spend much time in the room. Beds were very comfortable which is the most important to me and my back, especially after galivanting around NYC all day and night. Great food and service at the Tick Tock Diner, but of course it cannot be compared to the &quot;Maze By Gordon Ramsay At The London&quot;. Great breakfast to get your day started and excellent variety of choices to end your day. I highly recomend using the &quot;New Yorker Rides&quot; transportation services from the airports to hotels, only $25 more than a cabby and much more comfortable and enjoyable, thank you Hazeus. I am kind of glad you hurt your knee playing ball in the majors, otherwise you would never have realized your true calling in life. The security at &quot;The New Yorker&quot; was superb, the friendly faces were always inviting. I have stayed in many hotels and resorts, and although this was the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in, the friendly service beats out the size of the room. This hotel and staff completed our trip and I would recomend it to others who adventure to the big apple.	
Nov 16 2008	Worst Customer Service Ever	I am dumbfounded by the lack of customer service. My wife stayed at this hotel recently and one night developed a pounding headache. She could barely speak she was in so much pain and asked me to call the front desk to have them send up aspirin (I was back home). I called the front desk and was informed they could not send up aspirin or any other head ache medicine, but could call 911. After much pleading, they still refused to send any medicine to her room &quot;she should walk across the street and buy it herself&quot;. I kid you not. Even though she was in too much pain to make a call herself, their solution was to call 911 or have her leave the hotel to buy her own medicine. It gets worse. After trying to find any person at the New Yorker hotel who cared enough about customer service to take my wife aspirin, I finally gave up and called the drug store across the street from the hotel and begged them to deliver aspirin to her room. They gladly did this. I then called the front desk of the New Yorker hotel and asked them to pay the delivery person in cash and charge that to my wife's room They refused to do this too! - &quot;it's against policy&quot;. So, not only would they not deliver aspirin to a sick guest, they would not pay the delivery person and charge it to my wife's room. I will go out of my way from here on out to never, ever, ever stay in the New Yorker Hotel.	
Nov 14 2008 	Fantastic Locationwould definately book again	We have been in New York several times and had always stayed in reasonably good hotels! After reading some reports on this website about the hotel, we were a little apprehensive. We chose the hotel because we were going to a fight in MSG and the location was excellent!!Any worries went out the window as soon as we walked in..foyer is very impressive even though there is still some renovations going on. Check in was pleasant, we had asked for a corner room in advance and were given one on the 26th Floor..the rooms are smaller than those at home but i think its worth remembering that when most people from Ireland/UK go to New York its usually a tourist/shopping holiday...the only time we were in our room was to shower and sleep!!We found the staff very pleasant especially Samira who was a gem!!so helpul and friendly,,,she was a great help to my boyfriend when he was arranging my engagement ring (a FANTASTIC surprise for me!!) Tick Tock diner provided a lovely breakfast selection as we chose to eat a big meal at the start of the day to keep us going...there are plenty of other options around the hotel though if this doesn't suit!!Fantastic location, right beside MSG and ten minutes to Times Square, ESB, etc!The whole experience was very positive from the doormen, bell check, guest information, security to the front of house staff...i found that if you treat people how you want to be treated, the experience is usually positive!!Im saying this because i was witness to some unnecessarily rude guest behaviour!!relax, you're on holiday!! Again, the experience may be different for business travellers, those wanting rest and relaxation, etc but my stay in the New Yorker was great and i will definately return!!!	
Nov 13 2008 	Room with a great view	We stayed 6 nights in one of the upper floors' renovated rooms (starting at floor 25). Request was to get Empire States Building view, but of course initially it was the Hudson side. Next day we moved, but it did require quite some persistance in dealing with the front desk staff. After the move the room on the 35th floor was worth the money, even if I still find $350 per night expensive (incl tax).The room and hotel were clean, great bed and good location. Renovation was done while retaining original features, even though sometimes it wasn't clear whether it had just been done to lower renovation costs. Overall impression was positive, but don't expect something modern, apart from the bed, nice flatscreen tv and free wifi.Make sure to view the room first because there are some with very small windows. See attached floor plan for variation in room layouts.	
Nov 13 2008 	Location Fantastic!	It was a few years ago that I was at this hotel but the location is fantastic. So close to everything in midtown. The price isn't too bad either (at least when I booked). Yes the rooms are small but they're functional - though probably not for a family. Mostly we had nowhere to put all our purchases!! :) The bathrooms are small too but completely updated. We had a corner room with views out both sides. The radiators clanked a bit. Getting to the room was a bit of a maze. It is an old hotel where I think rooms have been sliced in half (thirds maybe!!) to make more rooms. Our was at the end of a number of turns and long hallways. But like I said - location is fantastic and I don't go to NYC to stay in the hotel. I've also stayed at the Embassy Suites near Wall Street and the Waldorf Astoria and while the Ramada is nowhere near as nice looking a hotel, the staff were great and the rooms were cozy and served their purpose.	
Nov 13 2008	Revisited	After my previous stay in March, I had low expectations for my return trip for a trade show in September. I was pleasantly surprised when everything in the room was actually in proper working order. I didn't have a single problem during my stay. I suppose the last time I just got a bum room. As always, the location is great for visiting MSG, Macy's, the Empire State building and the Javits Center. I was on the 32nd floor with a great view south to the Statue of Liberty. The rooms are small, but this is also one of the least expensive hotels in the city, so I suppose it's a good value.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great Location	Stayed in family room Oct 08. Room good size, good condition. Bathrooms (there were 2 with our room) were good, even if the upgrade involved painting over the old tiles! It was done quite well. Staff were generally pleasent and helpful. Expensive but no more than other hotels in the area. We got fridge and tea/coffee maker free of charge -just asked. Generally happy with the hotel. Great location for seing NYC.	
Nov 10 2008 	Disappointing	Just returned from 3 nights at the new Yorker hotel.After styaing in some &quot;Boutique &quot; hotels in New York, where the rooms are very small I was expecting a larger sized room, however the rooms are very small as are the bathrorooms. They have been refurbished, so the decoration is quite good, but the bathrooms are still very old. They have painted over the tiles to give them a facelift!! the showers were very poor.Staff not very efficient on the front desk. Didn't get a fax until, the folowing day, even though I questioned the flashing message button on my phone!!The location is good if you want to be near to Macy's for shopping or madisson square gardens.It's a shame they didn't make more of the 1920's bulding it could have been very stylish.	
Nov 2 2008 	2 Star Hotel 5 Star prices	We stayed 5 nights at the hotel and I would have checked out if I had not pre- paid. The room on 32nd floor was just plain small, one upright chair at the desk from which I had to move to let my wife get to the wardrobe. Refurbished bathroom, if you call painting over the old tiles refurbishment. Paid extra for larger room but same bathroom so I guess there all the same.Please note the hotel has few facilities for guest use ie Tick Tock Diner is off the street as is bar and you cannot charge to your room. Returning to hotel just before departure to find ladies toilet in basement locked shut as was facility on third floor and que for toilet in Tick Tock Diner my wife was not pleased.I would agree with other reviews regarding reception staff although bell captain was helpfull.Believe me you can get far better service and price in NY than this establishment.	
Nov 1 2008 	Enjoyable stay	We 've just returned from a very pleasant stay at this Hotel. We checked in two hours early with no problems, the desk people were polite &amp; friendly . We paid $40 per room per night to upgrade to a room with a view ,one room with a great view looking over the Hudson River &amp; two rooms on the other side looking down 34st &amp; the Empire State Building , the rooms were warm &amp; clean , the elevators quick &amp; plentiful. The Tick Tock Diner served an ok breakfast with friendly service,&amp; Coopers Restaurant served a good dinner.Everything was close by , Macys, the ESB, Penn St Station,&amp; the Loop Tour Buses .A fifteen minute stroll gets you to Times Square &amp; the theaters , don't miss the Stardust Diner with the singing waiters , brilliant , visit the Rockefeller Building &amp; go to the top for fantastic views	
Nov 1 2008 	Great stay at the New Yorker	I would recommend the New Yorker to anyone who is having a short stay in New York. It is well placed for all sight seeing and Macys is a five minute walk.Our room was cleaned extremely well each day, but we did make a point of leaving a 2 dollar tip each time (cheap at the price).We found the ladies in the information, very helpful and booked most of our trips with her. The reception staff were a bit stuffy, but it might have just been the New York attitude. We asked for a room with a view and were given one on the 36th floor overlooking the Empire State building. We were very impressed by the hotel security, as one evening we had not closed our door properly. Security came up to point this out to us after checking we were the correct occupants. I would recommend the open topped bus tours if you want to see a lot in a short time. Booking through the hotel we also got a boat trip around the Statue of Liberty thrown in.I would love to return to New York sometime and if I do I would stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 30 2008 	Great location	Myself and 4 friends stayed here recently and it was perfect, location, cleanilness, service. We had no compliants at all. We had a large suite, which was new and clean, the room was cleaned every day. The hotel is right beside a subway and across the road from penn station. They have security at the lifts, who check that you have a room key, so you feel very secure. The price was great aswell and it included breakfast in the diner next door. We heard of people who got really small rooms but once they complained they were moved without any hassle.	
Oct 28 2008 	Location is everything	I have just stayed at the New Yorker for 4 nights – 19 to 23 October. This was booked before I read some of the varying reviews here, and I have to say that your opinion will be dependant on your expectations.If your preference is for the hotel to BE the holiday, then you may be disappointed. However, if the hotel is just a base for the holiday, then I don’t think you will be disappointed.Firstly, the hotel is currently undergoing renovation, so expect some daytime construction noise – however if you’re in the hotel during the day, then maybe you aren’t doing it right? We had a double/double room on the 19th floor (myself, my wife and son). This was a refurbished room, and had clearly been two separate rooms at one point, as it had two bathrooms and two closets. It was very spacious and comfortable with two queen size beds and a large flat screen TV. Free wireless internet is available. Note that the rooms do not have tea/coffee making facilities, although I believe you can request it. Our room was on the north (35th Street) side and was so quiet that it was almost impossible to believe where we were – very little traffic noise was evident. The room position (see photo of floor plan) did mean that we had very little in the way of view though – again, we weren’t planning on spending much time in the room so it wasn’t an issue. If you want a view, request an upper floor room or one on a corner – I was told this costs an extra $30 per night. Two restaurants in the hotel – Coopers (which we didn’t try) and the Tick Tock Diner, which we used every morning – good food. Note, there are a lot of cheaper places for breakfast around (easy to spend $40-$50 for 3 people here), but it was convenient and the waffles were delicious!The best thing about the New Yorker though, is its location. One block from Madison Square Garden and Macy’s. Two blocks from the Empire State Building. Times Square, Broadway, Grand Central, NY Public library, Rockefeller Plaza, Fifth Avenue, the Flatiron – all in easy walking distance. About 1 mile to Central Park. There’s a subway stop right at the hotel if you need to go further. Using Google Earth, I worked out that we walked 22 miles in four days there, although it didn’t feel as much as that. Walking around also felt very safe, even at night (more so than central London).Some people have commented about rude and unhelpful staff at the hotel. I wouldn’t go that far, but some (especially front of house) could be described as being indifferent. Room cleaners and diner staff were better. I get the feeling that this is a general NYC attitude, as we came across it in several places. Get though their personal ”walls”, though and it gets better.A couple of local eateries to try-Andrews Diner (just west on opposite side of 34th) – Good basic food – apparently good for breakfast, but didn’t get a chance to try it.Shutters Café (1 ½ blocks west on 34th) – excellent food, but don’t look too closely at the décor. Looks the sort of place the locals use.Stagedoor (1 block south on 8th) – good food, large portions.W Café (corner of 5th and 36th, so further afield but on a good route to places listed above) – the best sandwiches, etc, we found anywhere.One general tip (as a first time visitor). Empire State is obviously a must, but the one thing you can't see of course is the ESB itself. Do it in the daytime, but then do the Rockefeller (Top of the Rock) at night. That way you get to see the ESB all lit up, and the overall view is arguably better.	
Oct 27 2008 	Horrible experience	We stayed at the New Yorker because it was walking distance from Jacob Javits. I won't make that mistake again. I had to wait in line for at least fifteen minutes just to be brusquely checked in. The place is drab and dreary, overall. When I got to my tiny room, with a bathroom that had no place to even put a toothbrush and black hairs in the tub (not kidding!), I realized that the temp was freezing and that the heater was broken. It took three telephone calls just to get someone to show up! On my first day in NYC, I found myself waiting in a freezing room for two hours for the heater to be fixed. Fed up with waiting, I was shown two dark, grim rooms as possible replacements and decided to stay put (at least the room had three windows). I thought the heater was fixed, but to my surprise, the next night, it was still broken. At midnight, after another unsuccessful ordeal with their &quot;engineers&quot; in the room with ladders and drills, my companion and I found ourselves traipsing through the hotel in our pajamas while they finally relocated us to an acceptable room. I understand that hotels have maintenance issues. But I didn't expect the poor attitude and slow response to fixing the heater. When I called to let the customer service manager know of my disappointment, she adopted a nasty attitude. Overall, the place is just the pits. Grungy. When we left, the bellman insisted on &quot;escorting&quot; us over to a taxi, who was sitting in plain sight. He demanded a tip from the taxi driver, presumably for getting him a fare. And then he did not even help us get our bags into the taxi. Overall, the place is just smarmy.	
Oct 26 2008 	Rats also stay at the New Yorker	BEWARE! I really enjoyed my short break to New York and was already thinking of returning to the New Yorker Hotel. However, on the last night of our stay, we discovered we had been sharing our room with a RAT! It was an awful experience and my daughter almost became hysterical. I know these things can happen, but it was the laid back attitude of staff that really annoyed me. In fairness, they did give us another room close by and upon MY request, they let us keep the room until we were leaving at 5.30pm instead of vacating at mid-day. However, at no time did anyone come and apologise, check if we were okay, or attempt to give any explanation as to how it had happened. I don't think I could ever stay in that hotel again and I shudder to think exactly where the rat had roamed. I am just so relieved we discovered the source of the unexplained noises at the end of our four night stay, otherwise, our entire holiday would have been ruined. As staff seemed so indifferent to our experience, we have been left wondering - just how common is the rat problem?	
Oct 24 2008 	Very nice!	Just got back from a 5 night stay at The New Yorker from the UK. The hotel is very nice and we would stay there again without hesitation. The location of the hotel is very good but has drawbacks. It is very handy for daytime sightseeing with Macy's, Times Square, Empire State and 5th Ave just a five to ten minute walk away. The neighbourhood is nice and Madison Square Garden is literally just across the street. I would really recommend this hotel for people wanting to go to MSG. We struggled at night time to find any particularly nice places to eat. We usually like a nice Italian somewhere near the hotel after a tiring day but this trip we just couldn't find one. Inexperienced New Yorker travellers that we were, we didn't think to book at any of the nicer places in Greenwich Village etc so were unlucky there too. However, the Stage Door Restaurant, just a short walk down the street in the direction of MSG served us well for a number of nights and was very reasonable. The eating issue was slightly disappointing but after such hectic days we didn't really mind as long as the food was good. The hotel lobby is very nice and seems to be nearing the end of construction work, this was very welcoming. The style of the hotel is inkeeping and traditional to the Art Deco era which was nice. The room was newly renovated and wonderfully decorated. Two comfy double beds and plenty of room for 3 of us to walk around. I was surprised at this after reading reviews on here about the smallness of rooms. They are good sized rooms for New York most definitely and have great views. Ours was the Chrysler Building which is one of my favourite buildings of all. The bathroom wasn't newly decorated and in comparison looked a little dated but everything worked fine. The staff in the hotel itself were wonderful and always curtious and helpful. The Tick Tock Diner is a brilliant little place for breakfast and on some nights it served us well for a quick evening meal too. The staff on the whole were ploite bar this one rude, ignorant man who entered into an argument with one of my party in the middle of the diner. After his rude behaviour throughout the meal, we decided not to pay the tip suggested in the bottom of the bill. He was horrid and resorted to calling my party names as we left the restaurant. We complained to the manager who was sorry but didn't seem surprised. We encountered him doing the same to another party a few days later. This excluded, the Tick Tock was a lovely and typical American diner which served good food. The New Yorker is perfect for sightseeing and is newly decorated to make it superior to other cheaper hotels in the area. A definite returning customer here!	
Oct 23 2008 	Bad experience - never again!!	We have stayed at this hotel on the night of Oct. 9th - 2 rooms 2 couples. The staff at the front-desk was very rude and impolite to us. Especially Tony (eve. shift at 4:00 pm) and one of the girls who sent me to do my laundry on the 9th Ave. while there is a coin laundry in the hotel (which I have found out only the next morning while checking out). Tony spoke in a tone which made us feel we are not welcome at all, he said it was our fault when upon check in he asked us whether we wish the rooms to be together and we answered - yes. Then he said the rooms were not ready and made us wait without telling us that they do have rooms ready but not together. After one of us made a scene, he refused to talk to the men at all.Whenever we turned our back - we felt that the staff are talking behind our back. There was no smile of welcome from the moment we have approached the front desk.I have worked in the hotel industry for many years and have traveled quite a bit but I can't remember a worse experience anywhere that will compare to this. We will never stay at this hotel again! Meira MelamedIsrael	
Oct 22 2008 	Good hotel in an excellent location	We stayed at the New Yorker for 4 nights in February.My Mum and I booked our stay at the New Yorker using Airmiles, so we did not contact the hotel directly. However, when we arrived, they had booked us into a double room rather than a twin room, as we had requested. They weren't overly sorry or helpful - we were told that the only room available was a double on a smoking floor. We had a look but it was very smoky. Eventually they found us a non-smoking double room, which was very nice. We had a bathroom each, the room was very large and it was all very clean. It was very cold in New York, so we had the heating on at night, however it did make very loud noises, so I would recommend bringing ear plugs!The location of this hotel is great - within easy walking distance of the Empire State building and very close to a number of subway stations.The hotel doesn't have its own restaurant but is above a diner - the Tick Tock diner, where we ate our breakfast each morning. This was a very convenient and fun place for breakfast with a huge menu and friendly staff.Overall I though this was a good place to stay and an easy recommendation.	
Oct 21 2008 	Location Location Location	We booked on Expedia and all that was available was the Metro Queen so we took our chances and it paid off. We arrived and asked to see a room with 2 beds and we were given another room (for an nominal upgrade charge) on the 34th floor (a corner room) with a view to the West of the Hudson River and to the East, the Empire State Building. The rooms were very clean, the beds super comfortable and the staff was great. Overall this was an excellent choice. Close to everything, subway stations, Macy's, Times Square and Madison Square Gardens where on our last night, we took in the Madonna concert! My first (and definitely not last) most amazing trip to this fabulous City!	
Oct 20 2008	excellent location and neat rooms.	The location of the hotel is excellent. It's close to several sightseeing highlights (e.g. empire state building) and has two subway stations nearby, just two blocks apart.The rooms are spacious (for NY standards I've been told), and very neat. There were good quality beds, both were more than large enough for one person (? 1,50 m), although my parents, only had one bed of the same type for the both of them, which is of course a bit cramped. Furthermore, the styling of the rooms and the hotel in general is quite stylish.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great NYC Hotel	We have just returned from a wonderful stay in the New Yorker Hotel. Like other reviews have said this hotel is very good location-wise and a great base to explore the city. It's not a luxury hotel and the 3 star rating is fitting for this hotel. The renovations are now coming to an end- they were still doing some work in the lobby area last week but i think all the bedrooms are now renovated. Our room was on the 37th floor and we had a great west facing view. The room was tiny but we both managed to fit ourselves in. The bed was extremely comfortable- feather pillows and the mattress was just perfect. The flatscreen TV was very good too- included HD channels. There is no safe, minibar or tea and coffee making facilities in the room- therefore 3 star rating is fitting. Across the road though there is a 24hr McDonalds and the diner is also 24hrs and conected to the hotel. I felt safe and secure in the hotel and i would absoloutly stay again and recommend this hotel to others.	
Oct 16 2008 	nice hotel great location	We stayed at the new yorker for 4 nights, We found the desk staff checking us in very help full and very polite, We were given a large corner room on the 20th floor which was quite large as there was three of us, the location was great central to everything,Tick tock diner nice food set you up for a day of site seeing and shopping.	
Oct 15 2008 	New Yoker Hotel - recent review	We were not sure what to expect having read many mixed reviews on the New Yorker Hotel but we were delighted with our room on the 19th floot. Spacious with two double beds and an en suite at either end of the room. The TV was excellant and easy to use. The room was clean with a daily maid service.The elevators were plentifull with 5 serving the first 20 floors. They were speedy and reliable - just 19 seconds from the lobby to the 19th.Location is fantastic. Just a short to walk to Macy's and Daffy's. Madison Square garden is very close with the Empire state buliding only another 5 min stroll.Times square is also wthin easy walking distance.The Tick Tock diner annexed to the hotel is busy especially in the mornings and we had to queue once to get in but the service is quick but not always polite.Food quality was ok but more expensive than expected.The Coopers Tavern annexed on the other side is more up market with very good food but again not that cheap. The beer was expensive at 8 dollars a glass.Hotel staff were all polite and professional and willing to help in any way.There were rennovations going on in the main lobby and therefore a shortage of sitting which was a nuisance when waiting to get picked up for a our return to the airport.If I were to return to New York I would certainly consider staying at the New Yorker again.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great time at the New Yorker	We stayed at the New Yorker for two nights this past weekend. The location of this hotel can't be beat. It is a 5 minute walk to Macy's, 15 minute walk to Broadway/Times Square and the Penn Station/34th street subway stop is right around the corner.The room was a little small, but that should be expected in NYC. There were 3 women in our room and though it was a little snug, it was nicely decorated, the beds were comfy and the location, as said before, was excellent. The information/transportation desk was great, showing us how to navigate the subways and even booked a car for us to travel back to the airport. They also printed our boarding passes for our flight which saves time at the airport. The Tick Tock Diner, which can be accessed from the lobby is a great stop for a cheaper breakfast before a full day of sightseeing.Enjoy NYC, but expect to walk a lot or take the subway to farther destinations. Chinatown is interesting and is great for some bargain shopping, especially knock-off purses! Don't miss a broadway show and take in the lights at Times Square. I would definitely stay at the New Yorker again!	
Oct 11 2008 	Very tall but okay	I was there last year. We had booked just for sleep there. The room was in the 26th floor, big comfortable beds, the bathroom was not so good. We couldn't close the door and we couldn't adjust the water that came down the shower. But it was ok. The stuff is very kind. I eat 2 days in the restaurant in the hotel and it was quite good. The other meals we ate in the city. I loved the shops in the hotel.	
Oct 8 2008	Superb Stuff	Stayed at the hotel in June having relocated from the terrible security paranoid Milford Plaza just up the street and it was excellent.What some of the other reviews may not have taken into consideration is that this famous NYC landmark has had a massive renovation undertaken and it makes it an excellent choice.The location is great and just a few blocks away from the main shopping streets, Madison Square Garden and some excellent bars although we didnt eat there.Upon arrival, we found the staff to be very professional, polite and minimal fuss saw us checked in in no time. The rooms were amazing, pretty small but we had two double beds, a clean shower room and plasma TVs in all rooms fully equipped with HD!Very highly recommended.	
Oct 8 2008 	I liked it	The room was very small it was our 5th anniversary and my husband has never been to NewYork even though it was rainy we enjoyed Time Square and of course I enjoyed tthe shopping	
Oct 6 2008 	Good base for exploring NYC	I stayed at this hotel from 25th Sep - 1st October with a friend. I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews but was pleasently suprised when we arrived. We checked in at 12.30pm with no problems, the room on the 26th floor was clean (although a little small, two women and our clothes AND make up fitted in comfortably!). The bathroom was a decent size and the shower was really powerful with plenty of hot water. Not much of a view out of our window but hey, why stay in the hotel and look out the window?!Security was very good, guards check you have a room key before letting you through to the elevators, the reception staff and information desk where very helpful when we asked them about dinner reservations, theatre etc etc. Make sure to use the safety deposit boxes - no charge (unless you lose the key then its $200) and be aware they will want some form of ID and a credit card upon check in for incidental charges. We had no problems with any of this and overall the stay was very pleasant. Excellent location, 10 minutes walk to Macys, 10 minutes walk to ESB, 15 minute walk to times square, Madison Square Gardens right across the street and excellent transport links with the subway right next door - which is a bargain $2 for any journey - we used it to get down to the WTC site and it only took about 10 minutes!My partner joined me and my friend for 3 nights of the trip and his room was even better than ours - bigger, better views out of two windows although he was greeted by a rather large cockroach - housekeeping got rid of it and we didnt see any others.There is ongoing construction in the lobby but honestly, this had no impact on our stay whatsoever and the location and other features of the hotel more than made up for it. I have a friend who is staying at this hotel next week for 5 nights and I would definitely stay here again as it is an excellent base for exploring NYC.	
Oct 2 2008 	Don't go with high expectations	I stayed two weeks in the hotel for a business trip. The check in was fairly easy, the lobby is now under construction but still went rather smoothly. This was my second stay in the hotel, this time the room was a bit larger than the last one.Problems with the hotel: Problematic wireless internet during stay, hot water is almost nonexistant - watch it when taking a shower. Hot one minute, followed by ice water, followed by just right - repeat. Coin Laundry downstairs from the lobby according to the signs, and the first security guard that let me in when my card wouldn't work. Tried to do another load a few nights later to find that the laundry is for students only - the hotel is part of the Educations Housing Services it turns out, and the laundry that is publicly listed is not for hotel guest. Very frustrating to find out that the laundromat is around the corner on 9th ave and 35th street at 8:15pm (last load time there). Thankfully the Chinese people that run it were very friendly and allowed me to do my laundry. Almost non-existent amenities at this location are frustrating during an extended stay. The bathroom was very small, with the toilet literally 5&quot; from the wall, and the door would open to where you would stand at the sink. Television was problematic as well, as it would make static noises and pixelate randomly.Great things about the hotel: The room I was in (2655) was very spacious, except for the bathroom. Very good size for one or two people for the extended stay. Penn station is nearby, as well as subway lines. Easy walk to the Empire State Building and shopping areas.I would not recommend this hotel if you have to pay for it. Company paid trips make it bearable though. Definitely would not suggest this hotel to friends, due to the price and lack of amenities.	
Oct 2 2008 	Central Location Yet Can't Hear the Noise	I stayed in this hotel earlier this week for 3 nights and I was pleasantly surprised. I travelled solo so as a young female one of my concerns is always safety and for starters, this was not something that was ever an issue here. As other reviews have mentioned, there is always someone before you get to the elevator to check your room key. No key, no room access. Yes there was construction still going on (visible in the lobby) but the hotel was always full of people coming or going (many young people) and I felt a great welcoming atmosphere from the moment I checked in. Speaking of checking in, I was ecstatic when I got to the hotel at 9:30am and they had a room already available for me. My room was on the 31st floor and I could not hear any street noise (as was the case when I stayed in NYC during my last visit) although the noise of a constant fan in the room did get a bit annoying when trying to fall asleep.The size of the room was small but it worked for me. Maybe if there were 2+ people sharing it, I could see it getting a bit tight. The bathroom was average size and as other read reviews state, there was an issue with the water - not a lot of pressure and either hot or cold - no in between. Again, I didn't mind this - I was only there for 3 nights and as long as I could shower, I was happy. There was a good selection of movies, music to choose from if someone wanted to stay in and watch some television. I chose to listen to the clock radio every morning when I was getting ready to leave. There was a desk, a dresser and of course a closet equipped with the standard iron &amp; ironing board. I would definately stay here again, mainly b/c of the location. Right on the subway lines and within walking distance to many of the major shops and attractions. I loved that there was a Starbucks right across the street and the adjoining 24hr diner was very convenient when I didn't want to travel far to get a filling yet cheap breakfast.	
Oct 1 2008 	Wonderful Honeymoon!!! Great central location!	The staff at check-in gave us an upgraded room since it was our honeymoon. They gave us a corner room on the 25th floor. The room was beautiful and the bed was extremely comfortable. We did so much sightseeing that our legs and feet hurt badly at the end of the day, but it was well worth it. We packed a lot into our 5 days there. The location of the hotel was perfect - right across from a subway station. We finally figured out the subway the last couple of days we were there so next time it will be much easier. Also, don't believe what you hear about New Yorkers or see on TV - they were extremely nice and helpful to tourists. The Big Apple gets a definite A+!!! We can't wait to go back again - planning on it for our 5th anniversary.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great Location!	I stayed at this hotel for 4 days with my husband. Our room was on the 24th floor and we were lucky to see a small view of the empire state building.The room was great no problems, was kept clean daily. Though on our last day we were visited by a huge cockroach, we were happy as we were on our way out of the door so it didn't bother us too much. The hotel staff were friendly and we had no problems with them until on the day to check out. The guy at the reception desk took our keys and said thats it you all done. We knew we had a bill to settle etc so we returned again to reception and was told we haven't checked out, so it turned out the guy didn't check us out properly, he only took our keys. Anyway another reception staff checked us out properly.The tick tock dinner next door is no good my husband got food poison from there, go to the dinner next to lowes cinema just across the road from tick tock dinner by the subway entrance, there food is much better.The location of the hotel is great, we walked everywhere so no point getting a taxi, bus or using the subway.Will definately recommed this hotel and if returning to New York will stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 27 2008 	Excellent Location	Hotel was in an excellent location... Macy's was a block away... so was the theatre district. Room was small but adequate. Alright for a one pax but would be a squeeze if there were 2 pax. Newly renovated and Flat screen TV as promised. Toilet was really small too.. and didn't look as new as the rest of the room. Rather expensive as compared to hotels in other cities.. but i reckon thats expected coz its NYC.Hotel is still undergoing renovation but disturbances are minimal.	
Sep 26 2008 	Enjoyed my stay at the New Yorker	I stayed at the New Yorker for four days and ti be honest didn't know what to expect but I was pleasently suprised with the New YorkerThe hotel staff on arrival were more than pleasant and my room up on the 20th floor (2065 to be exact) was satisfactory, though the first night I arrived was at the end of a tropical storm and I needed the air con, this was a bit on the noisy side and had to be turned off before I could sleep, the bed was very comfortable, the room and bathroom clean and I felt secureThe view from my room was of a wall, another section of the hotel, and the light didn't exactly pour in, but I didn't go to New York stop in the hotel all dayThe location of the New Yorker was better than I thought, it is situated just across from Penn Station, Madison Sq Garden and down the street from Macy's and the Empire State, it is in walking distance (I can walk it) from Time SquareThere is no restaurant in the hotel, but this is more than made up for by breakfast and endless cups of free coffee at the 'Tick Tock' diner through the connecting door from receptionIn conclusion:I use hotels as a base, somewhere clean, where I can leave luggage safely and feel comfortable in, The New Yorker fitted the bill and I have no complaints	
Sep 14 2008 	Cash stolen from room and no action taken	We stayed in the New Yorker for a week. The hotel was fine, if a bit basic, but the rooms were a good size for new york. The rooms however do not have safes and on our last day we discovered that $120 which we had put to one side in the bottom of our suitcase in the closet had been taken along with an empty travellers cheques wallet. We reported it and was sent to three different people - none of whom explained what would be done and what action would be taken. We were told to come back at 3.00pm (we were leaving at 3.30pm) as process would take 30 minutes. We came back and spoke to the security desk and they started to take our details again. Nothing had been done and no details had been logged. We again spoke to three people, the final person being the customer relations manager who was useless and said that he has to deal with this very often and people always suspect the staff. Our issue was that no one could tell us the process for logging this issue or what would be done. The final straw was when the customer relation manager said &quot;you've signed your statement about the loss haven't you&quot; - we were not even told to do this - the person who had logged our complaint put it on a scrap of paper. The hotel is average however the process for dealing with customer complaints is awful.	
Sep 13 2008 	Loved The New Yorker	My girlfriend and I stayed at the New Yorker in August and absolutely loved it. I had requested a room on a high floor in advance and was pleased that they had allocated us a room on the 37th floor with amazing views over Manhattan and the Hudson river and all this for the price of a standard room!!!Like many other reviewers we loved the Art Deco architecture of the New Yorker and the redecorated room was very original and true to the Art Deco style. The room was small but still comfortable and made good use of the space. The redcoration of the lobby was finished during our stay and now looks great especially the big chandellier. We had breakfast twice in the Tic Toc Diner which was very good and at a good price. As a frequent traveller who stayes in hotels about 100 nights a year I must say that the New Yorker stands out among many bland chain hotels I have stayed in and would not heistate to recomend the hotel.	
Sep 11 2008 	Good location - crap staff	Fabulous location as previously stated and the renovations are coming along nicely, stayed in a renovated room and it was clean, tidy and sufficient for our one night stay. However the Ramada seems to have upgraded its rooms and downgraded its customer service, the receptionist who checked us in was down-right rude and even asked us if we understood english (we're British) and when taking payment for the room managed to make an error and 'maxed out' our card. This fact didnt seem to concern her in the slightest and informed us, as it was there mistake they would sort it out but it would be 7 working days before we saw the funds returned - now with another week's holiday ahead of us this did not go down so well, as it was the majority of the spending money.Tried to complain to the management but they just weren't interested - they had their payment (and then some) what did they care.The next day we booked a town car through the travel desk at the New Yorker, who had organised a fleet of cars to take us and other passengers to the Queen Mary 2 for the next part of our holiday, the trip should have taken 30 mins and was a fully inclusive rate of $65 inc tips and toll - 3hrs later the driver managed to get us the dock having taken us to Queens, JFK airport, La Guardia Airport, downtown, and finally to Brooklyn, although we did have to stop 5 times to ask for directions as their driver had no clue as to where he was going and spoke little English, although this didnt stop him asking for another $20 dollars and toll money when we finally reached our destination. Word of advice if booking travel through New Yorker - make sure you ask for a driver who knows English!!Overall these 2 experiences have put us off staying at the New Yorker ever again and we have been regular customers of theirs for the last 3 years. Now we simply will take our custom elsewhere.	
Sep 8 2008 	Small but impeccably kept room great location...	My wife and I stayed in room 3303 ('Metro Room - 1 Queen') for four nights in the middle of our honeymoon. The New Yorker is still undergoing renovation and the reception wasn't finished but our room and everything else on our floor was.The room was tiny, there was barely enough room to put two suitcases down, but then this is New York. Everything worked. the air con was good, there was a flat screen TV on the wall (which wasn't straight!) and it was as clean as anywhere else I've been.There is a launderette in the basement but don't rely on it! There were 10 washing machines, 8 worked. There were 5 dryers, 1 worked! There was one laudry powder machine and it didn't work!The diner downstairs (the tick tock) is excellent, especially for breakfast, and the location of this hotel is spot on: the subway entrance is on the side of the building and Penn Station is the next block along.On the whole I would stay there again, but only if I got a cheap room.	
Sep 6 2008 	2nd time around	This was the 2nd time I had stayed at this hotel, last year they were in the middle of the renovation work and I found the hotel to be slightly smelling of cigarette/cigar smoke. This year however, the place is gleaming, spotless and the rooms are in neutral shades. pleasing to the eye.For the cost of this holiday I cannot complain at the price I paid and enjoyed a wonderful 3 nights in New York.The staff were polite and helpful and only too eager to help. The Tick Tock diner sells excellent food and a very reasonable price.Planning on staying at the New Yorker next December, roll on then!	
Sep 4 2008	Artchitecture is important to me	Since I am an artist, I really love the Art Deco style that the hotel has preserved. Architecture is important to me in a hotel stay, too. Not just room size or amenities. This hotel has some really ornate art and architectural designs in the rooms as well as common areas. Plus the hotel has a lot of fascinating New York history to go along with it (e.g., Muhammad ali stayed there after his famous fight with Joe Frazier.)The rooms quaint and cozy; a little on the small side but they're renovating a lot of the rooms to make them larger. I'd stay there again.------------btw, if you want an unbiased view of the hotel, check out Wikipedia's article on the New York hotel at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Yorker_Hotel	
Sep 3 2008 	Good hotel	Stayed for a week in August with my husband for our wedding anniversary. Hotel - Hotel bedrooms have undergone renovation and are very clean and updated. We stayed on the 29th floor, in a corner room, which compared to reviews of other rooms, seems to have more space as we did not find it small at all. (Maybe worth asking for a corner room when you book - also means you get 2 sides of windows/views). View of river was good. Maid cleaned the room and replaced towels daily - room was always very clean. No coffee/tea facilities in room - however 10 mins after we checked in reception called to ask if we would like a coffee machine delivered to the room free of charge - which we got another 10 mins later! They gave us a couple of packets of coffee/milks which lasted a couple of days. We found the staff fairly friendly and helpful. Hotel does not have that many facilities but then you would not use much when staying in New York!Eating - Tick Tock diner is next door which is ok, there is another cafe/restaurant when you come out of the hotel and turn right, straight across the road (next to Irish place). Of course, there are tons of cafes/Starbucks etc around anyway. The restaurant next to the hotel did very good food and fairly reasonably priced. The Irish place also does nice food. We did not find many other great restaurants around the area - think you would have to know where to go and probably out of this area to get a really good meal. Travel - subway is right next door to hotel. Can walk to a lot of things from hotel - including Grand Central Station which is about 25 mins walk away past Bryant Park. Penn station is across the road also. Would recommend using the subway which is $2 a journey rather than being ripped off by yellow cabs! You can also get discounts on buying lots of tickets on the subway. Attractions - as mentioned, a lot is nearby. Would recommend Top of the Rock (Rockefeller building) rather than Empire State as queues much shorter and view just as good. Broadway is up the road - can book tickets on ticketmaster or we just went to the theatre and bought them direct and chose our seats. WE used Gray Line bus company and bught a 3 day bus tour ticket where you can hop on/off the various tours they do. The price included a boat cruise which was good. Would recommend going out of the immediate area to see things e.g. Central Park, South Street Seaport etc etc. Overall - a good experience at this hotel and would stay again.	
Aug 28 2008 	Excellent Location	We have just got back from a family holiday in NY and can safely say what a great hotel the New Yorker was. The location was ideal - a miniute's walk from the metro, 5 mins to Empire State Building. Staff were OK, they didnt seem to be in a rush to do anything or be overly helpful but I suppose you should accept that in NYWe went with our 2 children (4 &amp; 1) and experienced no problems - make sure you request a double room with 2 beds though. The kids loved having a McDonalds opposite.We had breakfast at the diner next door and what was very good - typical breakfast was 2 eggs, toast and hash browns for around $6.The room had a desk as well as a plasma tv !Good central hotel	
Aug 20 2008 	Fantastic far exceded my e	The hotel was fantasticly located, starbucks dunkin doghnuts tgi fridays all on the door step. Rooms were very nice and clean. Try for room 3601, huge with two closets and lovely flat screen tv. Airconditioning was very effective and the view was great. Its very handy for subways as penn station is right on the door step. Its location to macys was a big selling factor as you can walk home for a rest in 5 mins. The tick tock dinner had lovely pancakes but avoid the coffee. Its also quite expensive. One restaraunt which cant be missed is tir na nog, 1 block down from the hotel with exceptional steaks and mash potatoes. The apple pie is a must. Pricey but all in all worth it especially for irish tourists because of the music, atmosphere, irish tea! and irish staff. So the hotel was excellent and you wont regret staying there. Trust me!!	
Aug 18 2008 	Nice hotel Good location	We booked this trip through expedia, and having been to New York before i know that you dont get much for your money.This place was on offer and cost just over £100.00 a night for a double room.The room was small, i mean no more than a foot round the bed of free space. But is was Very Clean and pleasent. The bathroom was tiny but again clean.Air conditioning was a window rattler unit, but it did drown out the noise of the police sirens...but my grandma had a disabled acess room, which was fantatsic, lots of room, lovely big bathroom, Sofa and seating area.And the bonus....A fantastic view of the skyline....The Lobby seems very open and you walk in to the diner or the bar, but to access the lifts you have to show your room key, so you feel secure.All the rooms are on the 21st Floor and above. If like us you are a group, we booked 3 rooms all on the same booking . We were on the 23rd floor, My parents on the 26th and my grandma on the 31st!!!!. I would of though disabled room would be the lowest floor in case of an emergency, but what do i know about hotel designs.Location:-We arrived in New york at penn station which is diagonally opposite this hotel, so we walked over to it took no more than 5 minutes even with all our luggage and the wheelchair.1 block from here is macy and all the shops.Opposite the hotel is a 24hr mc donalds , TGI fridays and a 24hr drug store/ supermarket.Really nice irish bar (exit hotel and turn right) about 1 block down, first one you come too. Great food, pleasent staff, reasonable prices.Due to the wheelchair we mainly got cabs to the attractions, from the hotel down to battery park in monday morning rush hour only cost us $17 dollars.This is a really nice hotel, and i would recommend it.	
Aug 14 2008 	Affordable well-placed and clean but nothing special	Room was clean and bigger than we had expected. Certainly enough space for 2 people. Nicely decorated but not striking. Bed very comfortable with nice pillows. Bathroom a little small but adequate. Room on 29th floor with views across to the Hudson, but not much else. Large TV with good range of channels. No coffee/tea making facilities but coffee available in lobby. Reception staff generally pleasant but not especially smiley or fast. Hotel 5 minutes on foot from Macy's, 10-15 minutes from Empire State Building, 10-15 minutes from Times Square. Very good access to Penn Station (for train to Newark Airport) and subway. Diner next door is overpriced, go to the Andrews Diner next to the Loews cinema on 34th St instead. Overall, this hotel provides a good place to rest your head at the end of a long day, but isn't anything special.	
Aug 14 2008 	Small room clean perfect location.	Stayed at the New Yorker on a business trip (booked it because it was just next door to our meeting place). But I must say it also seems like a truly excellent location for any tourist visiting Manhattan, so I figured I'd mention it here. The hotel itself is average, but the location is just perfect: very easy access to all major attractions, lots of excellent restaurants, diners, bars. You can just walk everywhere any time of day or night. This is indeed a very safe area - not something that you can take for granted everywhere in New York. The room was small, and clearly was not one of the newly remodeled units: all the plumbing looked like it was a hundred years old. But everything would run just fine, no complaints there. It was actually interesting to see this part of history intact. I've seen some vintage plumbing in European hotels before, but never here in the US. The room was clean, AC unit worked just fine, didn't give me any problems. Nice view from the window. Not sure how comfortable I'd be in a room of that size if it was the two of us traveling with lots of luggage. But it was definitely comfortable enough for me and my carry-on.Like I said, it's an average hotel with small rooms (well, this is New York!) and the perfect location.	
Aug 6 2008 	6.5 out of 10	As a Travel Consultant I have stayed in many New York hotels during visits over the last 10 years. So decided to give the New Yorker &quot;a go&quot; for the 4 nights the 4 of us were there.Keep in mind this is before the refurbishment of rooms so I will not mention the condition of rooms in this review. The location was great. We ate at the diner once and the experience &amp; food was fine. The security was fantastic which is a good thing in New York. The rooms are small but as has been mentioned by others you get what you pay for. 99% of the staff were friendly and attentive. The rooms were clean.Room 1: First night the wind was blowing a gale and there was a terrible noise coming the AC unit. On inspection the whole unit was missing and there was a hole in the wall covered by the Uunits plastic cover. Contacted front desk, no offer to move us and said they could not do anything about it. So for 4 nights we had howling wind coming through the hole in the wall.Room 2: Apart from the clanging of the flagpole ropes outside the window all night it was OK.Hot water was good and bathroom sufficient for 2 people.If the rooms have been refurbished by now the New Yorker would be a good place to stay as a middle of the road Hotel but really it is the location that is the outstanding feature for travellers.My only suggestion is that the front desk staff be more reactive to problems that are brought to their attention.	
Aug 6 2008 	cat	the worst hotel i have stayed in a while the room sizes was 15 by 8 i no i could not belive my eyes when the door opened u could not swing a cat in the room.it was drity and old we were on the 28 floor i will never never go back to this place.my suitecase was bigger...	
Aug 4 2008 	Excellent Stay!!	I was a little hesistant booking this hotel as it was under-going renovations, however upon arrival I was pleasantly surprised at the overall appearance of the hotel as well as our room.The hotel accommodated us very well. We had a Plaza Suite- which was two double beds and a pull-out sofa with two full bathrooms (this was a huge plus considering there were 5 girls staying in one room)! The room was renovated and decent size for New York. The window unit AC's proved to be very cooling--- as sometimes our rooms were very cold--but no complaints here! Even tho they were window units, noise was not an issue in any way. The elevators were pretty quick and security was great with checking cards. Front desk service was very nice and they even helped us with getting a car service back to the airport.Location is definitely a huge plus- with great access to Madison Square Garden, Times Square, Empire State Building, as well as subway routes. Would definitely stay here again when in New York!!	
Aug 1 2008 	The New Yorker Hotel Experience	After reading many negative reviews of the hotel, my husband and I took the chance and booked for a week stay in this hotel..I took a lot of pictures of this hotel, our room and of Manhattan.All the rooms are newly renovated, no more stinky carpets, and dirty paints and curtains as posted in old reviews. All are sparkling new (we were allowed to see other rooms for review). We stayed in the 25th floor. The room was small BUT very nice. The room we had is good for 2 people, very quiet, the AC was not noisy at all unlike one review (due to the renovations). We could not hear any pounding or men at work, or the busy streets down below at all. And I am very sensitive with noise (I wake up easily when I hear footsteps several feet away). We had a nice view of the Hudson river, watching the sunset is a treat for me and my camera. The towels and sheets were changed everyday. I had a great time exploring New York City after a good night's sleep in this hotel.Location-wise, it is very close to Macy's, Duane Reade, McDonalds (open 24 hours), a subway station we did not try, taxis are everywhere (cheap rate we were surprised)...And a few blocks from the hotel is the Empire State Building.. we love walking! The hotel staff and receptionists are very nice and courteous. The security manager even allowed me to take lots of pictures of the hotel. We felt very safe there, and we saw a lot of people checking in on the weeekend. My husband and I were expecting worse, to be honest. But we were very satisfied with our stay there. I loved their bed too. The bathroom is a bit small but hey, it's New York.As for amenities, we did not try out the gym but my husband did go to the laundry room (we ended up going outside for dry cleaning). My husband did not like the washing machines, only half of the machines worked, he said. We used the flat iron and the ironing board, which are tucked away in a small closet. The closet is a bit small if you have lots of clothes and bulky luggages. My husband and I had 2 carry-ons (about 22 x 12 x 13&quot;, the standard size for Delta airline luggage), and two personal items-I had my camera bag, tripods and my husband had his backpack.There is a vending machine near our room, so we had steady supply of ice for free, and the diet pepsi costed a dollar which isn't much for us.We did not eat in the in-house restaurant because we wanted to explore other food and dining.All in all, we would recommend this hotel for people wanting to get a lower price and a great stay.. If you are looking for a bigger space and room, be ready to spend more money. You get what you pay for.	
Jul 30 2008 	Great upgrades and location	We booked the New Yorker for a long weekend stay in late July. We were concerned about the rooms, as the hotel was in the process of renovating when we booked, but was complete by the time of our stay. Our room, on the 29th floor with two double beds, was roomy by New York standards, and cheap at $239 a night. The renovations are well done, while preserving some of the historic character of the building. The business center was nice and well-maintained. Staff were friendly and helpful. The location is great at 34th and 8th, one block from Macy's, two blocks from Herald Square and three blocks from the Empire State Building. It is also a 10-minute walk to Times Square and the Subway location at Herald Square is very convenient.	
Jul 26 2008 	Enjoyed My Stay at the New Yorker	Convenient location, great service, all the amenities. My first trip to New York was a pleasure staying here. Close to subway, friendly and attentive staff, consistently clean room. Bar/restaurant, diner, business center, fitness center, and coin-op laundry all on site. I would stay here again and recommend it to others.	
Jul 24 2008 	Fantastic Location	Fantastic Location, with in walking distance to loads of places, if you fancy a long strole, then Central Park is a good walk, with loads of places to see on the way.Hotel room was small but we were never there so it didn't bother us at all, main thing was that is was clean and the TV was huge!Only down side was the cost of calls from our room - rip off, do not pick it up!Good thing was that if the staff near the lifts didn't recognise you, you had to show your room key to gain access - very comforting security.Diner was nice, large choice. The restaurant didn't have much on the menu and was a bit pricy.Over all, would def. stay again and recommend to all, if only for the location which can't be beaten.	
Jul 24 2008	Great for 1st trip to NY	Very clean &amp; secure hotel close to major tourist spots and subways and train station. Staff was very helpful, with tips on what to see and how to get there. Room is somewhat small and so is the restroom but that's how things are in NY. We had a remodeled room, A/C worked great, flat screen and HD TV and FREE Wi-fi which was good for helping us look up our next tourist spot. Plan to stay here next time I go to NY!	
Jul 21 2008 	I shouldn't have worried	I had read some reviews on here and a couple of other sites and was pretty nervous about our stay. I shouldn't have worriedWe had a room on the 32nd floor with a view of the Empire State and the Chrysler Building. The room was a corner room so the view was amazing - the room itself was small but I don't stay in my room in NYC that much anyway!It was very clean, the people were very nice and I like it that they have you show your key card to get up to the rooms or down to the workout area. I feel better knowing people can't just wander the hallways if they aren't staying there.Just be sure to get a renovated room.	
Jul 16 2008 	NewYorker best place to stay in New York	Stayed here for 4 nights with husband &amp; 16yr old son, This is an excellent hotel in a great location within walking distance to Times Square, Empire State Building, Maddison sq gardens &amp; Macys. The room was very spacious with 2 big beds 2 bathrooms &amp; two wardrobes so there was plenty of room to move around, the room was spotless &amp; cleaned every day, had breakfasy in the tick tock diner every morning I will definitely stay here again &amp; will reccomend it to everyone.	
Jul 16 2008 	Would stay again without hesitation	We arrived late morning via Amtrack from Philadelphia and had easy hotel access from Penn Station...we just rolled our suitcases up the block. Check-in was very fast. Very good security ...show your room card to get an elevator.The room was just fine and recently remodeled. All staff were excellent.It was a short walk to Macy's and quick cab access to Broadway shows ...about $7 including the tip.We were short on departure time so we did not try Penn station access to Newark International Airport but it should be a snap (a Towncar is $75 and a cab is about $50).	
Jul 14 2008 	Average bathroom cheap rate	Overall, it's an OK hotel. The room was nice, if a little small, and the television was massive. The problem was the bathroom - it looked as if it had not been updated in 20 years! The shower was not great. The foyer was also a bit shabby, and the reception staff were not that helpful. We tried to organise a transfer to the airport (early morning flight) and I'm sure the security guard just called one of his relatives, as he came in an unmarked car, instead of a proper taxi service, like we had asked for. He charged the same amount as the taxi service so we weren't too bothered. Overall, not a great stay, but no major problems. Good location.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Location	This Hotel is in a grat location only a few blocks from Macy's and Madison Square Gardens.We had one of the rooms awaiting a refurb it was a good size. Not much storage space. Bathroom was clean and had fresh towels everyday. Most of the staff where friendly a few of the receptionists needed lessons in Customer Service but apart from that everyone was fine.Had one meal in Tick Tock, never again it was awful and the staff where rude!Overall a great hotel for location!	
Jul 2 2008 	Will not stay again	I had to make a business trip to New York and my company booked me in this hotel as it was the only one with rooms available at the last moment.It was a terrible experience. There was construction going on all over the hotel and the lobby was worse than a train station with hordes of gawking tourists sitting around at all times. They even had two staffers checking room keys before letting you take the elevator. The hotel had musty, faded carpets and the room was small and desperately needed an upgrade.Will not recommend for anyone.	
Jun 30 2008	A bit updated since last	We visited the Ramada New Yorker for our 7th time in 3 years and this time we were given a renovated room on the 23rd Floor. Dont be fooled by the size of the room, my disappointment was a Queen room..you'd think Queen bed...when we got there it was a full-size bed...the room is the queen, not the bed. They no longer have smoking rooms which wasnt mentioned when booked so each time we went to smoke it was 23 flights down to the outside. Not bad, just gave us an excuse to walk around some more each time we went for one! Of course, I will always say I like the Ramada New Yorker because of the location to the subways and eateries. Its a great place. No receipt on the way out this time (which could be a problem when they take your card info at check-in), they said we'd get it from Expedia...I know that isnt true because Expedia didnt give me one the last time, the New Yorker did. Ah well. Other than that, not bad. The rooms did get pricier since they remodeled a bit, but I wouldnt say totally renovated. The tile in the bathroom and the doors are all the same. They changed the decor really, rooms are no bigger. Prices doubled from $159 a night to nearly $260 a nite now. Still, a great place to stay solely due to the location and the convenience to everything in the vicinity. Id recommend, after being there 7 times, that says something!	
Jun 30 2008	Very nice budget hotel perfect location	I made a spur of the moment trip to NYC and needed a hotel fast...found great rates at the New Yorker Hotel. It's about a block from Madison Square Garden/Penn Station. The first thing I noticed was that it was clean, well kept and well secured by all-night guards...nice when you are traveling alone. I came in very late, and was kindly received at the front desk and upgraded to a renovated room (I didn't see the unrenovated rooms, so I can't comment). It was small but comfortable. Bathroom fixtures were all new, and the bedroom furniture was new. There was a window air conditioning unit which was pretty loud, but I got used to it. It worked fine. The bedding was very comfortable and higher quality. It was extremely quiet in my room except for my A/C unit. I was extremely pleased with the stay. Knowing that New York hotels are unbelievably expensive, this was a great option at under $200 a night. The location was fantastic. I would stay here again.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great location	Just back from The New Yorker hotel, I was very unsure weather to book this hotel after reading some reviews but I have to say it was great. The hotel is spotless and our room was serviced every day with clean sheets and towles. We also felt very safe as the security at night would not let you in the lifts without a room key, infact my friend had trouble getting in to the room on of the day's when she went back and discovered she had forgotten her key.Over all I would definitly stay here again as you have everything on the doo step.Well done New Yorker, I'm glad I choose to stay here and I will return on my next visit .	
Jun 22 2008	ideal location	We have just returned from our second trip to the New Yorker Hotel, and still couldn't fault it. The first time we went they were renovating although this didn't impact on our holiday. The rooms were basic but clean and comfortable. This year the rooms were much nicer and not that much more expensive, the staff were nice although they can be a bit miserable at times. Overall this hotel was in a fantastic location and very good value for money. This hotel is only one block from Macys and the Empire State Building, and 5 minutes from Times Square. The Tick Tock diner is nice for breakfast but can work out expensive if you eat there all the time, and it is terrible for a main meal so avoid at night. We found a nice diner next to Lowes cinema across the street called Andrews diner. The staff here were really friendly and the food was just as nice as the Tick Tock but half the price. We would advise against getting the phone cards from the hotel as you can only use them in your room, and although you have already paid for it the hotel charges you $1 every time you use the phone. I have recommended this hotel to other people and would definatley recommend it to anyone that wants a great hotel on a budget. We would definatley go back. If you go and go into Macy's don't forget to go to the visitors centre to get your visitors card. You go, show your passport and they give you a card that you get scanned when you make a purchase and you get 11% off.	
Jun 15 2008 	Good place to stay	The New Yorker is well located for mid-town Manhattan, and close to Penn Station and the subway. There is an abundance of local shops and eateries, and a cinema around the corner.A short walk away are sights such as Macy's, the Empire State Building and 5th Avenue.I found the hotel clean and well staffed. The hotel security was reassuring and prevents people from entering the lifts without a room card.The onsite 24 hour diner was very convenient, although I recommend exploring the many other eateries nearby.I had a rennovated Queen room on the 27th floor. It was small, but clean and functional. I was disappointed with the bathroom refurbishment and the lack of tea/coffee making facilities.As an overall impression this hotel is very convenient, but in New York you get what you pay for, so don't expect 5 star luxury. In summary I recommend to fellow Trip Advisor members.	
Jun 13 2008 	Love this hotel!!!	LOVE THIS HOTEL!! We stayed here on business, after I'd stayed here a couple months ago for the first time. The hotel is a GREAT location, and the front desk staff is wonderful. I had requested a particular room because I'd previously stayed in the room w/my husband, and the hotel honored my request. If we had any questions, they were very friendly and happy to help.The hotel room is extremely clean, and a little small, but that is to be expected in NY City. I had a fantastic view of the Empire State Building, which is well within walking distance from the hotel. Times Square is also within walking distance. If you don't care to do the walking, the subway station is literally right around the corner. This hotel is and always will be the first hotel I check when I am visiting NY. I recently stayed in NY, and the hotel was sold out. The other hotel I stayed in significantly paled by comparison. The New Yorker Hotel is a great hotel, with a great location and fantanstic staff. What more can you ask for?	
Jun 13 2008 	parfait		
Nov 23 2009 	antiguo.		
Nov 19 2009 	viste da sogno		
Nov 18 2009 	Un hotel tres bien situé		
Nov 18 2009	Bien situé		
Nov 12 2009 	Toujours aussi bien mais il manque un petit plus		
Nov 5 2009 	Non ve ne pentirete...		
Nov 1 2009 	A recommander		
Oct 12 2009 	Idéalement situé		
Oct 12 2009 	Muy bien		
Oct 7 2009 	Super bien situé proche des transports !		
Oct 5 2009 	Central		
Oct 2 2009 	Zimmer sauber Lage bestens.		
Sep 17 2009 	Limpio excelente situacion personal muy agradable		
Sep 10 2009 	Schön aber sehr kleine Zimmer!		
Sep 6 2009 	Oh my god!!!		
Sep 4 2009 	Ottimo hotel nella West Midtown		
Aug 25 2009 	Ottimo albergo		
Aug 24 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix - très bien situé		
Aug 24 2009 	centralissimo ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo adiacente diner spettacolare		
Aug 21 2009 	Excellent hôtel		
Aug 20 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité/prix		
Aug 15 2009 	Ottima posizione ma stanze un po piccole		
Aug 10 2009 	a portata di new york		
Aug 1 2009 	Beste Lage preiswerte Zimmer		
Jul 20 2009 	Muy buena Ubicación		
Jul 9 2009 	bien situado y correcto		
Jul 1 2009 	sejour reussi a New tork		
Jun 24 2009 	Ottima scelta		
Jun 20 2009 	Excelente situación y Hotel aceptable		
Jun 7 2009 	Entièrement satisfait		
Jun 5 2009 	Muy buen Hotel!		
