Nov 22 2009	Wonderful personal service.	This hotel was in a good location, the room was large by New York standards and very clean. The service was excellent. They were very prompt at check-in and at check-out we were provided with a printed, detailed map for public transportation to the airport. They were always friendly and let us leave bags there after check-out until we left for the airport.	
Nov 21 2009 	Amazing Find	This hotel is a great find in the heart of NYC. It's close to subways and the theater district as well as iconic locations like Central Park and Times Square. The staff was friendly and accommodating. Breakfast was mostly pastries and coffee. The downstairs computer was often occupied but it was nice to have free internet handy. The room was huge by NYC standards and the bathrooms were spacious and clean. The hotel runs a special with a parking garage right across the street so you can save some money on parking.	
Nov 3 2009 	Worst ever	My fiancé and me had planned a 3-day visit to the City.The location sounded great, and to an affordable rate.We arrived before noon, and left our bags at the front desk, knowing check-in wasn’t possible before 2PM, and headed out into the City.We came back later that night, after have been dining at the restaurant below the hotel. (which by the way had great food)Checked in, only to find that our room was ice cold.I called the front desk about the issue, only to be told the radiator was on a timer. That radiator hadn’t been on for days, the pipes, well all was ice cold.Went down to the front desk to confront the staff, only to again, be told “it was on timer.”I have been in the hotel business for almost 15 years, and have never experienced anything like it.Finally the clerk agreed to call somebody to try and fix the radiator.30 minutes later( it was now close to 11:30PM), the waiter….., from the restaurant came to the room – the radiator had a valve at the3 floor that was closed. He opened it up, nothing happened. Called his buddy -–probably the other waiter, to check the basement connections. The whole system to our room was shut down from below.Finally around 12:30am, things started to happen – as the pipes began to make a few attempts to flush water through them. We got the room somewhat warm - it was F40 outside.The next morning we went down to the ”breakfast”, which consisted of a muffin or two and some coffee – They called it continental breakfast – oh yeah.Never again we will visit that establishment. Baldrick	
Oct 25 2009 	Never Again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	We had decided to go the DaVinci hotel beacuse the rate was low at a very good location. I had checked some reviews and thought it was okay. I was soo wrong.The only thing I gave a good rate to is the location. Your very close to Central Park, Time Square, and near by subways. I do have to give a poor rating to the rest. Here is my reason why. We got there and the front desk came off a bit rude. When I walked in she just asked if we were checking in, no hello or how are you. As we were checking in, we found out that our room was not cleaned when we arrived way after check out. We were patient and asked if we can leave our luggages while we get a bite to eat. Her reply was you can leave it in the lobby. Are you serious? We decided that one should stay in the lobby while the other runs to McDonalds next door to get food. After an hour our room was ready. When we got in we were upset because we had the front rooms and they said that rooms are usually bigger in that end and it was small. We looked around to make sure it was clean, and ended up finding a roach. We went back downstairs and the front desk agent just shrugged and said thats New york. We asked if we can go to another room and she said she was able to do that. She said the manager was the only who could reassign rooms. We asked to speak to a manger and she said that the manager would be in at 11pm. We asked if there was any other time he'll be in and she said &quot;No, he does night audit&quot;. So we asked for maintenance and she said fine. We waited when maintenace came up he had a cook outfit on. We were a little confused, but we remembered that they had a restaurant below the hotel (same owner). We decided to skip the restaurant downstairs, even with a 10% discount, I dont want to even know. What he did do was sprayed some bug spray (thanks). That night we saw the manager and complained. His response was a shrug. The followng day we woke up and noticed bite marks on our body. We finally had it and asked to speak with someone else. Another girl at the front desk asked for the owner and the owner himself didn't have a response. It seemed as if he didn't know much either or how to manage a hotel. We complained to him about the service and the room. We asked that we get our money back and he said no, but he'll gve us a free meal and we said hell no. We also told him why. We decided we weren't going to stay. We used the computers up front to reserve a room at a different hotel by Orbitz. Much better.Do not be fooled by the low rates, this hotel is unbelievable.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good but a little extra effort would make it great.	My wife and I booked in for a week. Good points; Very clean comfortable room and nice bathroom, good location, room staff good. Bad points: First night woken every 10 minutes by very noisy aircon. Hotel knew of problem, should not have given room to 5 day stayer. Moved us next day to better room. Enamel bath in first nights room looked like a crazy person had attacked it.! Numerous hammer size pieces missing from enamel. Both rooms had in room safe, problem is, they are not bolted down! Could easily walk out the front door with them concealed in a suitcase.No coffee/tea making facilities in room, though there is a fridge. Breakfast: could have rated it good except had to be there by 0830 to get a danish or croissant. Again a problem hotel aware of and could easily address by restocking or having front desk dispense danish on request. Plenty of bread rolls and plastic wrapped muffins, sadly muffins found to have white mould and no `use by` date. Again a problem which would not happen with just a little extra effort. Staff simply shrugged. Overall, I might stay again, and would advise family/friends of above. Always sad to give a hotel an average rating when they almost earned a great rating.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very Nice Trip	The hotel is Ok, small rooms but good enough just to spend the night. New York is the best city I ever been to. Every thing is very close by the hotel, walking distance. I really recommend this hotel if you want to save money and use it around the city in fun things.	
Oct 8 2009 	Really Nice Find	This small hotel was a really nice find. It is one of the better deals around. The location is great... within walking distance of Times Square, close enough to subway lines, and right next to a McDonalds (great for milk for the kids). We will definitely look to stay here in the future,	
Oct 8 2009 	Basic accommodations at a reasonable rate	Very convenient location right off Broadway.Definitely not a plush hotel but adequate.	
Sep 25 2009 	great location	I've stayed here a couple of times. The second the water wasn't hot one day and the hotel owner basically thought I was crazy and didn't know how to turn the knobs right. As if. But, I'd stay there again because it is affordable and the location is good. Rooms are clean and fine. Nothing great, no views. Close the Central Park, Columbus Circle, Time Warner Building and Whole Foods, Soup Nazi and walking distance to theater district. Mr. G's Italian restaurant below.	
Sep 24 2009 	Basic tidy 	We would stay here again. It's not flash - the rooms are basic, you don't get a view- just the bricks of the next building, the service is nice, they have free internet and the location couldn't be better - so close to Central Park and Times Square, we love New York &amp; found this to be the perfect spot to see it. Last time I stayed at the Big Apple hostel and also found that a great place - however, it's a hostel &amp; when I went to re-book it this time I found that it was basically the same price as booking Da Vinci (for a couple in a private room) and at the hostel we would have had to share a bathroom. Don't bother having the complimentary breakfast - it's average to poor! But do go downstairs to Joe G's restaurant - really lovely service and delicious italian menu. We walked from the hotel to the staten Island ferry terminal &amp; it took a few hours but was well worth it - catching the ferry is free and you go straight past the statue of liberty &amp; walking to the terminal means you get a proper sense of all the different areas of NYC.Definitely would stay here again.	
Sep 22 2009 	Reasonably priced and handy for most attractions	Cheap and cheerful but exceeded my expectations. The most important thing was that the room and bathroom were absolutely spotless. The bathroom was quite luxurious for a cheap hotel. Breakfast was included which amounted to croissants, rolls, muffins, tea/coffee. You had to get down early if you wanted a croissant; they disappeared fast. An unexpected bonus was a safe in the room and a fridge. There were two computers with free internet access. Staff were friendly and helpful. The only gripe I have was that the air conditioner was very noisy and we had to turn it off for sleeping. We also had a meal (at 15% off for hotel guests) in the restaurant downstairs. No complaints about the food or service but it was VERY, VERY expensive. I would have no hesitation in using this hotel again and can thoroughly recommend it.	
Aug 23 2009 	Jewel in the city	Great location, clean, quiet and affordable. It'll be our home base in NYC in the future.	
Aug 19 2009 	Very Average	cheap rate $169/night for two double beds (that was all that was left when we booked). rooms quiet, nice size yet beds were the least comfortable we have ever slept on. We felt safe, liked the location. Did not have the continental breakfast-was not much to speak of. Very average experience.	
Aug 15 2009 	Their reservation system does NOT work	If there was a ZERO rating I would have given that. I booked the hotel using orbits for 2 nights 2 months in advance ... called the hotel 2 days before the trip to confirm and they said they were sold out on one day and i have reservation for just one day. Receptionist was the worst ever front desk person I have talked to ... first she did not want to tell her name ..then she told her name but was not willing to spell it ..... I asked for the manager and she said she is the only person in the hotel ..... this hotel is cheap but please make sure you confirm your reservation with them before you go there. You dont want to sleep on the streets of new york ..... worst experience ever of booking the hotel online .. beware of crooks out there ...	
Aug 5 2009 	Good Hotel	Stayed for 8 days and we were very happy with the room: clean, nice bathroom and probably because we were in the front room, was very quiet.	
Aug 4 2009 	RESERVATION NOT HONOURED	Was looking really forward to stay at this particular hotel, but although I had booked months ahead when I arrived at about 1.30 am on the 30 June no room was available.After a long journey from Istanbul/ London this is the least I expected.They put me up in an other hotel nearby The Chandler....although receptionist terribly nice somehow I felt cheated by the management as I had to pay oabout 250USD for a wasted night.What makes it worse although I have emailed 2 in the last month to the same hotel the management didn't even had the decency to reply and give an explanation..	
Jul 30 2009 	Great Location ! Worth a Try !	This hotel is in a great location. We could walk everywhere or hop on the Subway if we had to go further. Everthing was close by. The room was a little tiny but quiet and clean, the staff friendly and helpful. We dined at their very own Restaurant downstairs - the food was very good and reasonably priced.I would recommend this little Hotel to anybody.	
Jul 25 2009 	will stay again	This hotel grate for the price we paid. It's very clean, and that was the most important thing to me. The room is not that small . 2 blocks from central park and 6 blocks from times square. It has 2 PC and printer free . Small continental brakfast	
Jul 23 2009 	Value for money	Da Vinci was recommended by friends and it proved a good tip. Comfortable, tidy and while a little compact it was more than reasonable - after all, in New York, how much time do you spend in your room? Columbus Circle underground and shopping complex (great food hall) was a short walk away, Times Square was a little further and probably equi-distant to Central Park. Several restaurants and bars in the vicinity, a great international newsagent on the way to the underground, and a laundromat on the next block (heading towards the river). Staff were helpful.	
Jul 23 2009 	Clean hotel with great location.	This is an excellent budget hotel. Although we did not get an en suite (first time in 10 years) it was still fine. The bathrooms are clean and plentiful. We went to visit the sites , sounds and pleasures of New York and spent a minimal time in the hotel. Lots of authentic places for breakfast close by. A great budget buy. Highly recommended	
Jul 21 2009 	I will always stay here when I'm in NYC	Nearly everything here was fantastic - the price, the location, the staff and the room. I booked through Travelocity and got a great weeknight deal. They're located right between Central Park and Times Square, and are surrounded by great restaurants. The staff was very polite and helpful, not only when we checked in and during our stay (one night before a cruise) but 10 days later (returning from the cruise) when they allowed us to leave our bags in their lobby for the day before our flight departed. The room was small but quite sufficient, with a comfortable bed and pillows, decent water pressure in a beautiful marble tiled bathroom. The computers with internet access for guest use are a brilliant amenity as well. The one small item that wasn't fantastic was the continental breakfast, but that's very easy to overlook when the rest of the experience was fabulous. I will always return to this hotel when in the city, and will recommend the same to my friends.	
Jun 20 2009 	You get what you pay for great location.	We were given a room on the 5th floor at first and we didn't have any wi-fi connection and it was tiny. We were given a room on the first floor the next day which was slightly bigger but the view from the window was a brick wall. The staff was very friendly and accomodating, with the exception of one. It has a Euro atmosphere. The location is perfect, steps away from Times Square. This is the clincher, we'd run out of toilet paper and I asked reception for more. I was told the cleaning lady was gone and I'd have to wait until tomorrow. I had to go buy toilet paper!!!!	
Jun 16 2009 	Perfect	This place is exactly what you need for a quick 3 day weekender into NY. The place is perfectly located to everything, food, drinks, subway.Yeah it's small, but how much time do you reall spend in the room? We had a room on the first floor ,in the hallway between the lobby and the elevator. We didn't hear much the whole time. The one positive/negative thing; depends on how you feel, you do smell french fries all day and all night from the Mcdonalds next door. I'd definitely say here again. Our room was 139 a night. If you want to pay $250 for a chain. Go right ahead! Oh I almost forgot about the bar right downstairs. Good atmosphere. Nice people/	
Apr 20 2009 	Great Location... so so service.	The hotel is centrally located and while not large has a wonderful charm to it. The service was only so, so. The front desk staff was not particularly attentive in comparison to the two other hotels that we stayed in during this trip to the East Coast. The room was spacey and clean though we were right next to the elevator and had a great view of a wall from the one window in our room. The pipes did make some strange noises but that was really not a big deal for us since we weren't in the room that much. They did offer free internet access in the lobby which was convenient as we did not bring our laptop with us.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great Clean 	We loved the Da Vinci for its large room and large windows that looked over the street. It was clean, comfortable and the service was great. A little noisy but all part of a great experience. Our daughter had a medical school interview and they offered an ironing board and iron at the front desk. Its very close to Time square and Central Park. This hotel is very european and not a overly large hotel, which we liked. It gives it a personal touch that way. On chilly nights they had a nice gas fire place in the lobby that gives it a very cozy atmosphere. And very inviting when you come in from the cold. There are two computers in the lobby and free to use. They offer a free light breakfast. They have restaurant and bar that is part of the hotel with a happy hour every night from 4 to 7. There is a safe, mini frig, closet w/hangers, two tables, chair, chest drawer and two large mirrors in the rooms. The subway is very close only a block up on 57th and 8th. They even took our picture with our camera in the lobby. Great family owned place! The owner Joe is wonderful and can offer you great advice on choosing a great wine to go with your dinner!	
Mar 4 2009 	Great Location Simple like Bed 	Got Room 202, a double that overlooks street, plus room was pretty big w/marble bathroom, closet w/safe &amp; hangers, 2 tables, chair, chest drawer w/mini fridge, 2 big mirrors, &amp; flat screen TV. Since we were right next to street, t'was noisy; there were clanky noises coming from pipes, but we were so exhausted by end of day that we fell right to sleep. Smells probably coming from McDonald's next door. Front desk friendly/helpful, came back to the hotel with clean room, towels, &amp; toiletries every day. No problems w/hot water, but might need to wait a to heat up. &quot;Contintental Breakfast&quot; is rolls, butter/jam, packaged glazed donuts &amp; muffins, coffee &amp; tea. Eat a lot, you'll be set for the morning. 2 new computers in the lobby for free use.Overall, great hotel for those trying to save money, don't mind lack of luxury, &amp; just want place to sleep/rest. If you're looking for the Sheraton, this isn't for you. If you've stayed in a Bed &amp; Breakfast, you won't mind this one. Did I mention it's a walk away from MANY attractions?	
Feb 27 2009 	Fab location good value for money if u are just looking for hotel to sleep in.	Great location. So near Times Sq, Central Park, National History Museum etc. You can walk to all of these, no prob. Def recommend to anyone. Great value for money. We left early each morning and returned late each night so only interested in a hotel to sleep in. Rooms very average but got over it as was soooo excited about being in NY!! Hotel offers coffee and muffins in the morning. They are not great but will keep u goin until u get breakfast. 2 computers in the lobby. Very useful for maps etc. Hotel didnt charge for printing. We ate in the restaurant downstairs but thought it was a little overpriced. Nice food tho. Would defo stay again. Prices are great and would prefer to keep my money for clothes instead of spending on hotels!!	
Feb 9 2009 	A nice two-star hotel in midtown.	This is not a luxury hotel, but it's clean and comfortable, with an unbeatable location (three blocks from Columbus Circle), and I'd certainly come back. My room was small but not tiny, with a new queen bed, LCD TV, and an attractive updated bathroom. The one defect of the room was that the carpet was worn badly in one spot (and wouldn't have looked very pretty even when it was brand new); this makes the room seem rattier than it really is. Also, there is no internet service in the room, but two fast computers with internet connections are available for guests in the lobby.I'd advise the management to add a TV channel guide. That would be a very low-cost-high-reward improvement. There are dozens of channels, but it takes quite a while to figure out where they all are.Guests of the hotel receive a 15% discount at the restaurant downstairs, a good-but-not-great Italian place called Joe G's. Parking is available right across the street for $28 overnight. What a bargain!	
Jan 11 2009 	Great Location Super Convenient	Traveled from Vermont via Amtrak, took subway to Hotel. Small family operation, would recommend to anyone. Easy to get to, walking distance to all of Broadway shows and Times Square. Restaurants galore in the area, restaurant in the building was excellent, discount for people staying there too. Would stay at again without any thought.	
Jan 2 2009 	Perfect Hotel	The Da Vinci is a perfect place to stay. my girlfriend and I stayed 4 nights in Dec. Yes it took a litle work to figure out the heater(radiator) and the hot water, but everyone at the desk was very helpful and friendly at all times. Joe G's downstairs is a great restaurant and bar, great food,service and people. We will not hesitate to stay again as the location could not be better. The only thing they could improve on would be to invest in softer beds, other than that it is perfect. We look forward to visiting the Da Vinci and New York again	
Dec 8 2008	Cancellation Scam	We didn't actually make it to this hotel but I wanted to share our cancellation experience to warn other unsuspecting travellers that some hotels have a very hard nose approach to cancellations and furthermore set up their cost structure to maximise their take. The reservation was made directly with the hotel a couple of months in advance over the phone. It took several additional calls to ensure we had a booking and eventually the hotel sent an email confirmation (which for some reason had 'modification' at the top and was odd since this was the first communication from the hotel). At no time on the phone was there mention of their cancellation policy and it was hidden in the reams of information at the bottom of the email they sent. In addition the rate we were quoted was $329 for the first two nights and then dropping to $209 for the next night and then $289 for the rest of the stay (a total of 6 nights in all). Overall an average of $289 per night. Their cancellation policy states one night penalty and yes you have guessed it, instead of the average or even the lowest we were charged $329 cancellation fee. Their policy states that any change or cancellation within 7 days of arrival has a one night penalty and I called them 4 days ahead of arrival to cancel. I was told that if I spoke to the manager he may be able to reduce the fee but I made several calls to try to speak to him and was told every time that the manager was either off duty and would be in at 11pm (NY time) or was unavailable. I also tried to email the manger but never got a response from him. The only other communication I received from the hotel was that they had charged my card the $329. My recommendation is to avoid this hotel if at all possible unless you are absolutely sure you won't have to cancel within the 7 days prior to arrival.	
Dec 7 2008 	Brilliant	Location Brilliant. 10 mins from everything. Central park, times square, broadway, shops! Hotel was a lot better than expected after reading reveiws. Staff were extremly helpful and nice without being intruding. The Italian Restrant below was gorgeous, the food was gorgeous, prices were best around with discount, for what you get (I would recommend the restarunt even if not staying in the hotel).Our room was very spactious, we had two double beds, a chair, two wadrobes, a desk, TV, safe, phone. Bathroom was extremly clean with enough room for 2 girls to get ready!! We left our luggage in the lobby and surfed the net on very up todate computers. We did not notice any smells from the air con (we had it on one night as the heating got a tad hot).Overall a brilliant experiance and would deffiantly stay there again.	
Nov 17 2008 	Great place to stay.	This was a very nice and very clean hotel, within walking distance of Time Square and the theaters. The rooms are small but I think most are in NY. I would stay there again if I ever get back. The staff was friendly and helpful. The restaurant food was also great.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great little hotel	My wife and I decided to go for a few nights stay in New York to see all of the sights and were looking for a reasonably priced hotel to stay in. Most hotels seem to be very expensive though unless you picked one with a shared bathroom. Allow not super cheap, The Da Vinci proved to be excellant value (£100 per night).It has a nice feel to the reception where they server a very basic breakfast (bread rolls, jas, coffee - and honey buns mmmmm), which is enough to se you up for the morning or a snack before you head out for a NY breakfast. There was also free internet which is always useful when exploring a city.The hotel staff were friendly enough, although I had no real reason to complain or request anything so just passing hellos. The room was a standard double which was small but clean and the decor was all in good condition. The bathroom and shower were all very nice too.The location of the hotel is also good, it's just below the middle of Central Park and 1 minutes work from Broadway. It's on 56th street so you can walk down to time squar in 10 minutes which makes it a pretty central starting point for any sites you want to see.I would definitely try to use it on any future trips to NY.	
Oct 21 2008 	Will visit again!	Just spent 3 nights ($236 pn+tax) at the hotel Da Vinci and had a good experience. We’re given room 101 which is directly behind the reception desk and I was concerned about guest traffic and noise but very little noise and nothing of concern. The staff was helpful, always had a smile and greeted us each time we passed. The location is ideal. Just off Broadway and within walking distance of subway and Time Square.The room was small but very clean and the bath was modern with abundant hot water. When running the air conditioner the room did smell slightly of the kitchen/restaurant in the basement of the hotel. I think the A/C was picking up some of the kitchen’s exhaust fan odors. Since the weather was very cool we didn’t need the A/C.The breakfast was dinner rolls, butter &amp; jam, and small sweet rolls something like “Little Debbie’s”. Not the continental breakfast we’re used to but on 8th Ave. is “The Bread Factory” where each morning we satisfied our breakfast needs with terrific NYC foods.We’d definitely stay at the Da Vinci again if for no other reason than the location and great room rates.	
Oct 21 2008 	Cheap for NY AWESOME LOCATION Small Neat Basic	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in early Sept. We were on the 5th floor at the end of the hallso we had a small view of the street.For about 200$ a night its not cheap but for NYCit is very reasonable. I was scared since it wasthe cheapest I could find other then a hostel.We arrived and found parking right accross the street.Dont forget to have the hotel stamp your card so youget a discount. Parking for 3 nights cost us around 85$.The hotel was hard to find. Its in between an Italianresturant and a McDonalds. Just look for the McDonaldsat the corner and the hotel is on its left.Cute little loby. Staff was quiet but nice.The hallway is very narrow to the elevatorand to your room. The room very very small. Justenough room for one chair/ one queen/double bed and a small dresser. Old but clean. The bathroom was nice and cleanbut a little mold in the grout and the shower door.Air Conditioning was great and the fride was good forkeeping drinks. We did not have the breakfast there, but I did seecoffee and dinner rolls? Which didnt seem appealing to me.Great little spot for breakfast around the corner &quot;bread factory&quot;.We did not have a problem with bugs or cockraches but oneof the other ppl staying there on the 3rd floor did see onein their room. We also did not eat at the restaurant downstairsso I cannot comment on that.All I can say is if you only need a place to sleep and wash up,stay here. I'd rather save the $ on the hotel to be able to doother things in NYC. The location was EXCELLENT! Do the bus tours they are really worth it!! Lots of great restaurants near by!Cancun restaurant nice little mexican place and reasonably priced was amazing! We ate there twice! Staff was great!I would recoment this hotel. Not for your honeymoon tho!Which is what we were on! lol but we did enjoy our stay!and again LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!	
Oct 18 2008 	Friendly helpful staff at clean hotel	Not much light comes in and no real view from the window, so would rather have spared it to keep out the noise and odour from neighbour restaurant's ventination.But having said that the room was very nice and location was absolutely great for a NYC visit.Breakfast was minimal but enough to get us going until a mid-morning brunch. Room and hotel was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Would stay again if I go back to Manhattan.	
Oct 3 2008 	Great Location Not Much Else	My husband and I stayed here one night (10/1) to see a show at Radio City (which BTW was excellent!) We are from the Philly area and really only ever do day trips to NYC so we decided to stay overnight as an early bday celebration for my husband. The hotel's location can not be beat. Check-in was quick, friendly and efficient and check-out was also the same. Times Sq is in walking distance and about one block over are a million places to eat breakfast (Fluffy's, Carnegie, Park). Easy access to shopping and also Central Park and Columbus Circle are two blocks north. There are several subway stops within two blocks of the hotel. If you are coming in from Penn Station, you can take the blue line C train 3 stops up to Columbus circle($2 one way) Now for the hotel itself. Do not expect luxury at this hotel. This is strictly what I would call a tourist 2 star hotel. NYC is expensive so to get a hotel for under $200/night in this location you can't expect much. The room is small, big enough for a queen size bed and a small (very small) desk. They did manage to put a small wardrobe with a frig which I thought is convenient to keep drinks cold and there is space to hang-up shirts. The bathroom decor was nice w/small shower stall, toilet and pedestal sink just as you see in the pictures on this site. The room was clean and the bathroom was spotless. However, I must mention one mishap when we were getting ready to leave our room to check out. There was a cockroach in the bathroom on the floor at the base of the pedastal sink. We were on the 3rd fl and roaches usually make their way up from the ground so it had to make us wonder what was going on in the basement. The restaurant is in the basement and we did not eat there so I cannot comment on that. We only saw one but usually where there is one there is a hundred. Unfortunately because of this mishap, we will probably not stay here again and try to stay somewhere else	
Oct 2 2008 	No hot water and yes the housekeepers steal!!!	No hot water in our room at all. They changed us to another room and guess what? No hot water.The housekeepers steal too. My wife lost a couple of clothes.The location is good, but with that price you can get better deals.	
Sep 25 2008	Fantastic location!	I would actually vote for 5 stars if not for an erratic, noisy a/c unit and just one unfriendly member of staff.But having said that, the location is fantastic ... just 1 minute's walk to Broadway and another 7 mins to get to Times Square and 5 mins in the opposite direction to Central Park . It is right in the heart of the Theatre District and within walking distance to most attractions. In fact, apart from taking a taxi to Brooklyn and on another day when it rained, we just walked all the time we were there.We booked the hotel online and everything was finalised within minutes. I was worried about over-booking and other similar problems but our room was ready when we arrived and it was clean and cosy. An attached bathroom is essential for me so that was really good as well. And the simple but sufficient breakfast that's included is good too as not many places offer that.I would definitely stay at the Da Vinci again next time I'm in Manhattan and I'd recommend it to my friends and family as well!	
Sep 25 2008 	Very Good Value	We stayed for 4 nights in end of August. The receptionist was friendly and helpful. We had a double room on 5th floor. The room was comfortable and the bathroom was nice. The only negative we had was that the toilet was clogged up when we checked in. We called and they fixed it right away and that was encouraging. This sort of problem happens sometimes even big name hotels. Great location close to Times Square and Central park. Great value in NY city. Will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 14 2008 	Good location - Staff not OK	Hotel position is very good, near Central Park. Metro stop next to hotel. Rooms OK. Bathroom Good. Breakfast consists ONLY of a cup of tea/coffee and a couple of cookies , which are served directly in the hall (no sitting!). Staff not really polite and quite not available - they sure don't contribute to the untrue story that New Yorkers are rude!	
Sep 8 2008 	Location Location Location	The location near Columbus Circle and Carnegie Hall is excellent. Clean but very small rooms (some with airshaft views), lobby internet service and good coffee and hard rolls each morning argue in its favor. But there is no baggage storage except in the lobby and the restaurant is in the cellar, down a steep flight of stairs. Front desk service was the worst and least helpful we have experienced in many years, varying from ironic and superior to downright rude.	
Sep 7 2008 	A very pleasant surprise!	This is a fine little hotel. The location was what was amazing. Walking distance to Broadway, Times Square, Hell's Kitchen, 5th Avenue shopping, and Central Park. It's just one block away from the 59th St subway. Let me say it: location location location.The rooms are small and a touch minimalistic, definately &quot;euro&quot; style just as they advertise. Still it was all that we needed. The bathroom was above average to what we expected and quite comparable to better hotels in Athens. The staff was very pleasant and polite. Not highly skilled in English conversation but no misunderstandings. There was a small wait to use the free computer in the lobby(a new Dell with wide screen and lightening fast internet) but unlike most hotels these guys are really customer focused and they were already setting up a second computer during our stay. The computer prints to the printer at the front desk.The breakfast in the morning is minimal. Not continential, offering only coffee/tea and pre-packaged muffins/donuts. No coffee/tea service in the room that I saw but there was a small refrigerator.There was a very nice flat screen TV on the wall, and a great &quot;view&quot; of the relic of a building 10 feet away, but again it's New York where most views are buildings next door. The mattress was hard with little padding but surprisingly there was no morning backache after a 4 day stay. Our bed was a queen bed. The furnishings, carpet, and bedding were a bit dated but the room was really clean. This place wins my high value award based on the location, cleaniness, price, and friendly staff. We already plan on staying again.	
Sep 2 2008 	This best kept secret in New York	The hotel is quaint and delightful. Front desk staff very friendly and always helpful. Nice to have a continetal breakfast that lasts until 10:30. The room cost value was excellent. Loved having a refrigerator in the room The LOCATION is probably one of the best selling points of this hotel. The adjoining restaurant Joe G's was excellent also. Rooms were adequate (especially if you intend to only sleep there!). Bathrooms were nice and clean; Stayed on the 5th floor and there wasn't any street noise nor other guests noise. Flat screen tv in the room; internet service in the lobby for your use; I would stay here again (and fully intend to) on my visits to New York. So close to everything! A wonderful experience and so affordable.	
Jul 20 2008 	Classic Hotel in Great Location	This was our 4th Visit to New York and we decided this time to stay down near Columbus Circle. The Hotel has a great location near Columbus Circle and Hells Kitchen both being about a 5 minute walk away. The hotel itself look very narrow from the outside so is quite hard to find. The Reception area is where you can find the free internet and they dont charge you for printing out things. Once checked in which didnt take very long you go down a narrow corridor to the lift. The room we had was of good size (european size) but you only use the room for sleeping and washing. The bathroom had a really nice shower and the size would probably be quite small for some travellers. The air conditioning unit was a god send with the weather being quite sticky. There is a TV on the wall but you dont go to NYC to watch TV but I was glad of it as I was poorly one day. The only thing that I would suggest could be better was storage space in the room. Times Square is about a 10 minute stroll. Staff are really friendly and we even had discount for the Restaurant Downstairs.	
Jul 1 2008 	Awesome location great staff average rooms - would stay again	We stayed at the Da Vinci from June 24 - 28, 2008. It is a great little hotel. The rooms were average, nothing special, but the location was amazing. Right off of Broadway, walking distance to times square, letterman theater, and all the bus tours, which I also highly recommend. It's also close to the subway, which makes it really easy to get around the 5 Burroughs.The staff were really helpful with all our questions and the lobby has a free computer for internet use. The breakfast in the morning is as basic as it goes, coffee/tea and pre-packaged muffins/donuts, but the coffee was really good and strong, exactly what you need to conquer a long day in NYC.Our room was very basic... 2 double beds, tv, small bathroom and our &quot;view&quot; was of another building. The furnishings &amp; carpet were out dated, but really, we were barely in our room except to sleep, so we didn't care about that. Our shower was just fine, contrary to other reports on the hotel... plenty of hot water.We would totally stay again.	
Jun 4 2008 	a nice hotel with a nice location	i stayed at this hotel on my first trip to NYC and i was very satisfied with my stay. the Di Vinci is a very clean hotel with a very nice staff (although when we had a question about the best way to travel around the city they didn't have an answer they did call and do some research for us, as i said they are very nice) the room we stayed in was pretty nice but kinda small. although this seemed like a problem at first, but once we realized we were going to spend only time sleeping in the room then it worked perfect. the location of the room was also great, you could walk to Central Park, Time Square and many other locations that were close by. one small problem with the room was with the hot water in the shower, some times it would take a long time for it to warm up, once it did get warm it would get nice and hot but it would just take in a little long. all in all the Di Vinci hotel it a wonderful little hotel at a great price, i would stay there again on my next trip to NYC.	
May 23 2008 	Great deal on basic accomadations- would stay again	I have stayed at the Davinci Hotel twice.Each time it was a great experience. With such a great location, it really is a bargin-shh! Central to most anything.The first time I stayed there it was an adult trip we just needed a clean place to rest our heads- Who goes to NYC and just stays in their hotel?Therefore we did not want to pay extra for ammenities we would not be using.I was so pleased with the place for such a bargin price, that when I decided to return to NYC with my chidren (6&amp;10) I stayed here again. The rooms were clean and the staff was helpful during both of my stays. Amazing, charming little hotel. Highly reccomeded.	
May 17 2008 	Nice small hotel	Good location, a 20 min walk to Broadway central and only 10 mins from Manhattan Park. The room was clean and the staff very helpful, spending time to make sure your entire stay went well, not just things with the Hotel and your room. Close to the New York diamond district. Buying a ring from there is not a nice experience, felt comparable to walking down past the cannel in the red light district in Amsterdam, lots of creepy salesmen and women trying to lure you into their shop. Saved a packet on the diamond though so worth it in the end! My top tip for something to do is Ellis Island. Do the Statue of Liberty early in the morning and spend the majority of the day at Ellis Island and see if you can track down a long lost relative!!! A really powerful place with so many stories, one of the guides was able to tell his great-grandmother’s tale of when she arrived from Europe, left everyone with a lump in their throat and inspired to learn more. If you like your history and/or human stories this is a must. If I were to rtn to NY I would definitely use the Da Vinci again as it represented great value. Nearby there is a great Irish bar that served a nice pint and a good burger!	
May 2 2008 	Warning Warning Warning	In 50 yrs of traveling worldwide, the DaVinci was our worst hotel experience. 1st room shown musty, tiny, no drawers for clothes, nonfunctioning AC, one narrow window looking out to brick wall &amp; utilities. 2nd room much larger, decently renovated, good beds. But no hot water in bath, amazingly noisy facing street, centipede crawling on wall.1st call to desk about water were told “if there’s hot water in sink, there’s hot water in shower.” Do this, do that, you’ll have hot water. We’d done it all &amp; there was no hot water. No offer to send help. 2nd call, “H &amp; C reversed. Move handle to C, you’ll have hot water.” Apparently thought I was lying about having done all that &amp; no hot water. No offer to send help. Go to desk to talk to clerk personally. Says lack of hot water is not her fault. Maybe a prior guest moved the handle incorrectly. Still no offer to help. She insists there is hot water (if I weren’t so stupid) &amp; draws a picture of how to turn the handle so C is actually H. Duh. Can you say, “Mr Guest, you’re a moron.”? STILL no offer to send help. Of course, all my efforts to receive hot water fail. Skip bath/shower to make dinner res. On way out, after much continued arguing, she says she’ll send someone to look at it while we are gone.Next a.m. try to shower &amp;, lo &amp; behold, STILL no hot water. After expressing outrage to a different desk person, she says she’ll send someone to help. Shortly, housekeepers arrive &amp; after just a few minutes of yakking, huffing &amp; puffing, we have hot water. Seems one of the two dials of the two-dial mixing system was frozen in place. (We had told the desk persons that we, including my 275-lb self, had tried to move the inner dial but couldn’t &amp; feared pulling it out of the wall.) On the way out now unfortunately much later in the morning, we were confronted by both the desk women. The first gets in our faces, not to apologize for treating us like morons &amp; for not providing customer service, but to express her anger at us – her customers – that we could possibly have thought she was treating us like morons. A heated &amp; loud discussion ensued, with both the women telling us this: providing us with hot water was not their jobs &amp; if we had a problem we should have talked to the manager (not present) or the owner (not known). OMG.Not even a hint of an apology from the hotel, nor any offering of an adjustment for two days without hot water. Amazing.Please, please … anyone who reads this. DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT STAYING AT THE DA VINCI HOTEL IN NEW YORK.	
Apr 11 2008 	Cozy and Romantic!	The Da Vinci was just what we were hoping for from our first trip to New York! It has a warm, cozy, family-owned, New York-ish. atmosphere. It was romantic!The lobby is all marble and cherry wood. The winding stairway that lead up to our room is marble and cherry. I will say this: from what we could tell, the rooms that face 56th Street are much better than the rooms that do not. We were fortunate to get one that did (room 202): 3 large windows, 2 double beds, comfortable club chair, 2 desks, chest of drawers, refrigerator, safe, flat screen TV, roomy, new but old-fashioned bathroom sink, very clean, great shower, nice toilet, nice lighting.We received great service from Jenny, Jennifer, and Eva at the front desk.We loved the Joe G Italian Restaurant in the basement. New York was like an enchanted city to us, and so was the Da Vinci Hotel!	
Mar 23 2008 	Charming!	I have recently returned from a weekend stay at the DaVinci hotel in midtown Manhattan. It met every requirement and then some! The room was small which I fully expected but was still plenty of space for me and my friend to move around. We chose the room with one bed to save a little more money for shopping and the bed was spacious and comfortable.Having a fridge was a great bonus and allowed us to keep our leftovers after a fabulous and HUGE meal at Junior's. The bathroom was gorgeous and a minor plumbing problem was taken care of immediately. All the staff were friendly and helpful and if they didn't have the answer the free internet available in the cozy lobby certainly helps.Free coffee and pastries were a nice way to start the day. Did not get a chance to visit the restaurant downstairs but it looked charming. Basically for the price we paid (about $160 a night) we felt comfortable and were provided with everything we needed in a convenient location. If you are looking for a big room with a great view and lots of perks this is not the hotel for you. I hesitate in telling people about this hotel for fear of it becoming too popular and not having a room for me next time I want to visit NYC!	
Mar 4 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	This is a fabulous little hotel. The service was absolutely outstanding during our recent visit on March2. The front desk staff made us feel right at home. The price was unbelievable for New York. My husband and I were given room 101 which is right behind the front desk. We were a little worried about hallway noise but we didn't experience a single bit of a problem. The room was small but spotless with a double bed, flat screen tv, small fridge and desk. The location is great. I can't imagine staying anywhere else in New York.	
Feb 26 2008 	good deal and location	Here are my &quot;two cents&quot; about this hotel. I had heard that hotels in NYC are famous for overbooking. (I had also read a few reviews about this specific hotel stating that others had had this problem here). I stayed in the city the previous August and was almost a victim of this at another hotel. I had no problems this time. I am not sure if it was because a) it was the middle of the week and the middle of winter or b) I had booked it through Travelocity, which means I had paid for the entire room/stay at the time of booking. I can't imagine that they can overbook you out of a room when you've already paid for the whole thing.Anyways, about the hotel - it was pretty nice for the price. Room was small as to be expected but it looked as if it had been updated within the last 10 years or so. The only irritating thing that I found was that there is an old hot water heater-type pipe that runs up the wall in one corner of the room. It made loud noises all night. I am a light sleeper and had a hard time sleeping with this nagging noise. AWESOME location. We ate at the restaurant that is in the basement (I believe it is owned by the same proprieter). We just had pizza but it was good. I would recommend this hotel!	
Feb 14 2008 	Great little hotel!	Great little hotel. Our double room was very spacious for NY. Great bathroom with powefull shower, flat screen TV &amp; comfy bed! Amazing location just minutes from Central Park and a short walk to 5th Avenue/Times Square. Small communal area with free internet access and complimentary doughtnuts &amp; coffee in the mornings. Highly recommended!!	
Feb 8 2008 	Loved the location. Nice room for the $$	This hotel is about a close to perfection as a budget hotel can get. Cute. Clean. Remodeled. New bathroom fixtures and new beds. European style lobby w/ free coffee and hard rolls for breakfast. Close to everything.I wouldn't honeymoon here or plan to make a spa-stay-in-the-room all day experience, but for anything else, this place is A-OK and definately much nicer than many other places I've stayed in NYC.Only drawback: Queen size only beds. No kings.	
Feb 6 2008 	Great little place to stay.	We stayed at the DaVinci the week before Thanksgiving &amp; we would certainly go back again. While small, our room was fine, the bathroom was clean, &amp; the bed was comfortable. The DaVinci was located within walking distance to many NYC attractions, &amp; subway. We stayed 3 nights &amp; had no complaints whatsoever.	
Feb 2 2008 	Great value for NYC!	I was very pleasantly surprised by this hotel. I stayed for two nights, and during that time it hosted a mixture of business travelers and international tourists. There is not much space for sitting in the lobby, but it made the space very cozy and sociable. The hotel is located in a great area, but a subway trip or taxi ride for most of the major tourist spots. It is close to Hell's Kitchen, so great and interesting food choices nearby. The heating for the hotel is the old-style radiator, so a bit loud and unpredictable. There is a window-unit air conditioning unit, which I did not use, being January. When our radiator was not on, they sent someone up immediately to make sure it was working. They also brought and extra blanket for the second bed, and were very kind and pleasant.	
Jan 11 2008	Excellent Base for NY	The Da Vinci Hotel is situated just a few streets south of Central Park and with its close access for the Columbus Circle Subway provides great links to all attractions. The hotel is situated next door to a busy McDonalds and has a variety of other restaurants close by. The exterior is pleasant and the reception was welcoming and warm, especially so as the weather was freezing during our 5 night stay. Our reservation was quickly processed and we were pleased with Room 401.The room had ample storage space, was clean and tidy and the bathroom was fine with a good supply of fresh towels and complimentary toiletries. The double bed was comfortable and linen was changed once during our stay. A no-charge safe was in the wardrobe but as it was not bolted down many would think a determined intruder would be free to take it away - but it was heavy! Other furnishings included a writing desk and stool, an armchair, flat screen TV, radio/clock alarm and a small fridge. The view from the window over the crossroads of 56th &amp; 8th Avenue didn’t inspire but the sounds from the city that never sleeps did creep through the air-conditioning unit but after a full days activity sleep was not a problem. The room was well heated.The included breakfast of assorted bread rolls, doughnuts, muffins and croissants was not the most healthy or weight conscious way to start the day but the coffee was always welcome. Free internet access in reception is also a bonus.We used Joe G’s hotel restaurant on our first night and the food and atmosphere were excellent but a word of warning. Whether in error or not a 15% discount (from reception or website) was not calculated correctly and also a hefty 18% gratuity was added as standard to the bill (this may be to counteract the discount) the bill was amended with apologies but it is wise to check your bill in all restaurants.Overall the Da Vinci is an excellent base for all that New York offers. I recommend it as good value for money. Enjoy your stay.TRAVEL TIPWe purchased the $24 7 day unlimited MTA pass at JFK (Airtrain ticket 5$ extra) on arrival and used it for the 1 hour approx direct journey to Columbus Circle leaving us with just a few minutes walk to the Da Vinci. This pass is well worth considering as single trips are $2, a $10 card allows 6 trips and a 1 day pass is $7.	
Dec 20 2007	Housekeepers steal!	Do not stay at this hotel!!! I had my ipod stolen by one of the housekeepers. My ipod was hidden in my suitcase which meant that the housekeeper(s) were searching through our stuff. We also had a Do Not Disturb sign on our door at all times. Management was awful and did not do anything.The beds are the most uncomfortable beds I have ever slept on. Avoid this hotel at all costs!!!	
Dec 7 2007	Enjoyed my stay!	This hotel was in a great spot. Lots of restaurants within less than a minute. Staff was friendly and helpful. Within walking distance to everything. Felt safe in th is location. The lobby was very nice and they let you drop off your bags there if you got there early and couldn't check in yet. Free internet access in the lobby and complimentary breakfast. Although the hotel hallways are a bit small, the room was fine. We had a room with 2 double beds and although it wasn't a huge room it was quaint. The bathroom was surprising...it was beautiful in my opinion with the marble. Some reviewers complained abou the noise of the pipes, and I did hear that a little. But I was so tired from the days' activities that it didn't phase me. I would surely go back to this establishment again. If you're on a budget, I would highly recommend the DaVinci hotel!	
Nov 29 2007 	A great place to stay	This was an excellent place to stay in Manhattan. The owner, Joe G. was so friendly. The hotel was clean and the staff was friendly. It was a great value based on other hotels in the area. This will be our first choice when staying in NYC again.	
Nov 18 2007 	Great location!	Full of charm and excellent staff! Location cannot be beat for the price. I stay away from chain hotels to insure I get a room with character. The DaVinci definitely has character. Had one VERY minor plumbing problem and it was handled within minutes. Room was very clean and was very warm considering it was in the 30's at night, during our visit.Joe G's is a great place to eat and again, great staff. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Nov 15 2007 	Don't be fooled	What a disappoinment! My wife and I booked reservations after seeing the website's description as a European-style boutique hotel filled with ambiance, DON'T BE FOOLED. Narrow hallways lead you to a room just a half step up from a flop-house. We have never been so uncomfortable in a hotel room. The room's decor is &quot;Yard sale&quot;. The beds were uncomfortable, the bedspread was old and dirty, and I'm not sure the sheets were laundered. I travel to New York frequently and have stayed in many different hotels in the city. This was by far the worst hotel room I've set foot in. We felt unsafe and quickly booked a room elsewhere. FYI we are now struggling to get our money back for the two-night reservation.	
Oct 4 2007	Nice Location for a good priced hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 7 days. It is quite hard to find at first as its such a small place, its right near McDonalds and the Restaurant down stairs which i cant quite remember now.Our room was very small but its the cheapest you can find in NY practically. The bathroom was very nice but the shower wasnt the best and we kept getting lots of cold water in our showers, it would be hot one minute then freezing the next or take ages for the hot tap to come on.Our tv was not showing great reception so we advised the front desk who got the maintenance man to check it out while we were out so good service overall.Our rooms were cleaned everyday. The airconditioning was great but the view sadly wasnt, we were looking out into the back of some buildings but its good for noise control!!!.We didnt think much of the breakfast, no cereal just doughnuts and bread but we thought it seemed a weird breakfast to have at say 8am but maybe thats just me.There are about 20 rooms so its nice and small and we never had any problems hearing other ppl in their rooms.Overall great location for a great price, would recommend to others for sure.	
Sep 22 2007 	great location	just returned from the big apple what a place !the da vinci hotel is a great location only blocks from times square. the rooms were small but we only needed a place to sleep so it worked out very well . the price was very good, as were the staff very friendly.everyone said no hot water but ours was very hot on the 3rd floor. the place was very clean. boxed doughnuts and hard rolls and coffee or tea in the morning were good saved $$$$ on breakfast. we would stay again for sure !!	
Sep 20 2007 	Good hotel!	I've just come back from staying 2 nights at the Da Vinci with my boyfriend. It was the only place i could find for a decent price (which actually concerned me ) and based on the reviews I decided to try it out.My boyfriend, who was a first-timer to NYC, did not think it was such a great deal, but I myself have visited several hotels in the city, and I think it's a really good deal!The rooms are just big enough, and the bathroom was pretty spacious. There's a full length mirror which is rare in such hotels, and refrigerator which is nice to have.Don''t expect any marble in the bathroom, and we did have some cold water sometimes in the middle of the shower which was annoying, but really for this price..what can you expect?!Downside was window faced into a smelly alley, and we could not leave the window open. There was an A/C which could not be set to any temperature but the original FREEZING one. We complained about this and immediately they came to turn it down, later making our room too hot...luckily, the weather was good so it was ok for us. I thought it was nice they had at least responded to our requests.The staff was nice also, and breakfast was small but yummy.We did have to leave our stuff in the lobby, because they don't have a storage room, but it was fine and felt safe to me (very small hotel).The location is just EXCELLENT, between times square and central Park.I definitely recommend it as a great budget hotel!	
Aug 26 2007 	A great place to stay not a destination itself	My husband and I spent a week in NYC and stayed at the Davinci. We were very pleasantly surprised. The hotel was in a fantastic location, we were able to walk to so many sites; additionally, we were close to three subway stations so we could easily get just about anywhere and never had to switch trains! Our room was exactly what we needed-a comfortable, clean place to sleep, a safe place to keep our things, affordable and close to everything. The rooms are pretty small but the bathroom was huge and ornate-beautiful! One weird thing was that they cleaned our room in the afternoon which happened to be when we took our siesta so they missed us once. We just asked the desk and they had someone fix it later. The two ladies at the desk are very kind and hospitable. There is a fridge in the room which is an unusual luxury in a lower price hotel. The breakfast is pretty minimal-buns and doughnuts and warm milk (very European). We would definitely stay here again and recommend it to our friends who are looking for a place to stay that is not the destination itself.	
Aug 21 2007	Gem in the Heart of NYC	If you are expecting a palace then the Da Vinci is not for you however, at an affordable rate this hotel offers you everything you need. I felt that the room size was fine, my wife found it a little small (about 300sqf) but to tell you the truth I do not know many people who visit NYC to stay in their hotel room. The queen size bed was comfortable, the sheets were clean, we had a flat screen TV with several channels, the bathroom was clean and updated: new tiles, toilet and sink: they were actually installing the sink when we arrived and offered us free drinks in the restaurant attached to the hotel as compensation. There was a small closet, chair and a dresser in the room as well. The room had a AC unit that worked but I would suggest brining a pair of pliers to turn the controls as the knob was missing (hint: you have the flip the light switch above the AC unit to turn it on). Do not expect a view, ours was a the rear of 3 other buildings. While NYC can be loud at night we did not have any noise issues in our room. We did not experience any issues with the staff at the Da Vinci like some reviewers mentioned. The front desk staff said hello when they saw us were helpful when asked questions. If you like doughnuts and coffee for breakfast then you'll love their continental breakfast, if not spend the extra 5$ for a bagel and coffee somewhere more picturesque during your trip (don't forget your paying 100$ less a night to stay here, so now your only up $95). There are several Starbucks close by and we found a good place for breakfast on 8th and 50th. The hotel is on 56th Street between 8th &amp; Broadway: EXCELLENT MIDTOWN LOCATION. Subway stations are a 5 min walk: 8th &amp; 59th: Columbus Circle. The Subway station has connections to all of Manhattan lines, thus truly only a few minutes from all of Manhattan. You are walking distance from Broadway, time square, 5th avenue, central park &amp; hells kitchen. If you are driving into NYC, you can park at Central Parking literally across the street from the hotel, the rates are reasonable and you get a discount for staying at the Da Vinci, we paid $26/ day.If I was to compare the Da Vinci to a major chain hotel I would give it a low rating, however value for dollar I rate the Da Vinci high. I would definitely stay there again and my wife (who tends to be a little finicky) would as well.	
Jul 29 2007 	The Best Deal in NYC	The DaVinci Hotel is still NYC's best secret!. I love this hotel, its location and staff. There just isn't a better place to stay in the city. I recommend it to many people and they are most thankful.Wonderful place.	
Jun 27 2007 	A great find in the heart of the city!	I was having a hard time finding a reasonable hotel for my party of six in NYC - getting a room that would accommodate all six of us was near-impossible, and the places I did find were either hostels or other shared-bathroom types; on the other hand, having to book two separate rooms was turning out to be very expensive! Then, I found the DaVinci Hotel! I thought it was too good to be true - a reasonably-priced hotel in Manhattan with good reviews - but the place was great! We were a bit wary before we arrived, but as soon as we met the friendly ladies in the lobby and saw our clean, cozy rooms, we were sold.The rooms are small but have everything you need in NYC (who wants to hang around the hotel, anyway?) - one of our rooms even had a flat-screen TV mounted on the wall. The rooms were cleaned every day (although a bit later in the day on Saturday), and the place was so quiet we could hardly tell we had neighbors in the rooms next to ours (although the loud AC might have helped drown out any noise). Some older reviews mention that the lobby staff ask for your room keys each time you leave the building, but that was not the case for us - we used electronic credit card-sized keys like any normal hotel, so perhaps this practice has been updated. All-in-all, this place is such a great find, and I will definitely be staying at the DaVinci Hotel during my next NYC trip!	
Jun 20 2007 	A Fabulous Place	My wife, son and I had the pleasure of staying at this wonderful oasis. Everything that we needed was there for us as well as genuine friendliness, supportive and knowledgable staff and an ambience of peace and relaxation. The Restaurant downstairs, quaint, relaxing, most efficient staff, wonderful food and again served up with a smile and the great feeling that they could not do enough for the diner. Thank you for this Diamond in what can be the &quot;rough&quot; of the world.Mike and Kacy Cross	
Jun 3 2007 	My Da Vinci Stay	I stayed at the Da Vinci hotel from May 29th -- June 1, 2007. It looks a little scruffy on the outside, but once inside, it is a nice little place. As you enter the lobby, you have the stairs leading up to the floors. Also, you have a narrow hallway, with a glass door leading to the first level elevator. The doors are always open to the elevator, so you just go in.  When I got to my 2nd floor room, I noticed the hallway was quite narrow. You use a plastic room card to access your room. I was surprised to have gotten two full size beds. There was just enough from from the door, outside in, to move my two main pieces of luggage. Inside was a clean and functional room with: two print pieces on the wall, an old desk with a fold down mirror, facing the main mirror, a television set with a two drawer cabinet and a larger one below that. There is a small closet, which had just enough capacity for my two medium sized luggage pieces. Inside the closet, was a top shelf with two blankets and one pillow. The beds had their own pillows. Luckily, I didn't have room facing street traffic. My frosted window faced the wall of the building next door, so you could hear bits of conversation downstairs and could definitely detect food smells nearby. There is a step down connecting the room to the bathroom, so watch out for that. The bathroom was lovely, with antique looking hot and cold water levers (?) by the sink. You did have a row of toiletries (those samples of shampoo and conditioner) on the glass shelf above the sink. The bathroom also has a combination tub / shower. The shower sliding door was located above the tub, sliding from left to right. It seemed functional enough.  The only thing I didn't like was the AC unit. I was unable to use it, since the knobs didn't have their coverings and I forgot to pack my pliers to turn on the unit. I was disappointed in that, since during that week, the temps in the afternoon were in the high 80's and I was sweating a bit. Also, try to work the clock radio and adjust the alarm if you don't want to be awakened at a certain time in the morning.  The staff at the Da Vinci were lovely. I had to borrow the iron and board from downstairs. Since those things have been used quite a bit, the dial info on the appliances have faded, so I recommend that you don't put water in the iron. You do get one of those small , not too long ironing boards, but I managed to press some of my clothes. You request the iron and board. It makes sense to return it as soon as you are done, so someone else can use them.  Surroundings: You have a McDonalds next door and an Italian restaurant below the hotel itself. The 59th St. Columbus Circle subway is about 3 blocks away to the north, right by Central Park South. The 50th St. 8th Avenue stop is about 6 blocks to the south of the hotel. I recommend the Cosmic Diner on W. 52nd and 8th Avenue, located at the SE corner of that intersection. It's a 24 hour place.  Suggestions: Keep an eagle eye ( a very close eye) on the traffic as you cross the lights. Cabs and other cars use the streets of Manhattan as a personal highway, so be warned. Also, even though the crosswalk light may be red, if the traffic is clear enough , people will cross. Pedestrian traffic is heavy, so you have to learn how to walk at a brisk pace... in other words... learn to walk fast.  There is a continental breakfast that starts around 6:30 a.m. or 7:00 a.m. I made the mistake of having a donut and coffee before my Super Shuttle arrived a couple of hours later. Bad choice. I don't know if it was the donut or the milk carton (at room temperature and not sitting in ice) that caused problems iwth my head and tummy. I didn't experience that during my first trip and had eaten a full breakfast. It didn't help that the Super Shuttle was making stops here and there before it got to JFK. It could have been.. just me.. but I have my suspicions about that donut and the coffee.  My stay at the Da Vinci was generally okay. I wouldn't recommend the donuts and coffee tho. I actually took a bunch of pics as I arrived in my room, on the first day. I hope you enjoy YOUR trip to the Big Apple.	
May 14 2007 	Excellent For The Price!!!!	Wow! What a great find! The Da Vinci has it all. It is just two blocks away from the N, R, W, Q (accessible to La Guardia) and 1, 2, 3, A, B, C, D subway lines. The rooms were small with two full sized beds but included a fridge. The bathroom was updated. A short walk to Times Square. Continental breakfast was basic, but good. If you are looking for the Hyatt, this is not it, but it is very clean with a great location and a very reasonable price. I will stay here everytime I visit NYC from now on!!	
Mar 23 2007 	A	We stayed from March 24-28, 2007, in two rooms. The furniture is dated but functional. Closet space is limited. The room near the elevator was quiet whereas the room facing 56th street was somewhat noisy. The maid service was excellent in one room and sporadic in the other during our stay. The check-in desk personnel were excellent. The Italian restaurant in the basement was fine.We will stay here again. Overall a very good experince.	
Mar 1 2007 	Route 66 without the cactus	Like an old-time motel with dated snaggy bedspreads, lots of hot water and clangy radiators that hissed on in the am. The room was big by any standards and the bathroom was lemon-lestoil clean. Location handy around the corner from Carnegie Hall -- couple blocks from the Broadway local subway line. Walked home from the theatre at Times Square. Didn't bother with the supermarket donuts in the a.m. -- ate breakfast at Fluffy's Deli on 57th across the street from Carnegie Deli. Next visit I want to eat dinner at Patsy's two doors down. My 13-year old didn't understand the nostalgic value of an actual room key on a diamond-shaped tag.	
Feb 22 2007 	Loved this quaint hotel	Loved everything about our stay here! Personal service from Jennifer upstairs and Walter downstairs was excellent. Just really enjoyed the overall experience of a small, quaint, clean, centrally located hotel. Will definitely book again.	
Jan 29 2007	Disappointed.....	After reading the many good reviews of this hotel, I booked a 5 night stay in late January.Whilst at the price and the great location I was not expecting the Waldorf, I was expecting a little more than what we got.The room was very very small and dark. There was a tiny window which would not open, this meant the room felt so depressing.In the first hour, we found that the bedside lamp was broken, the fridge didn't work and the TV reception was terrible even the basic cable. The TV and lamp were met with no assistance, the fridge we fixed ourselves.I noted that many people found the reception staff good. On weekdays she seemed pleasant enough, not overly friendly but not rude. The weekend staff were terrible. We asked where the nearest laundromat was, only to be told &quot;I don't know&quot;. Therefore we searched along 8th Avenue for a internet cafe to look one up. Shame the girl on the desk didn't feel able to do this for us.The cleaning staff were nice, but 2 days out of 5 it wasn't done as we were in the room at 4pm (jetlag).Many reviews are correct in that it was relatively clean and cheap for Manhattan. I would recommend spending another $50 a night and staying somewhere where you can move, that has daylight, and helpful staff!	
Jan 10 2007 	Good budget hotel in a great location	We visited New York over the marathon weekend when many over the hotel prices are inflated so finding somewhere within budget was more difficult than usual.We only booked the trip a couple of months before and after contacting lots of hotels with no availability, I came across this one. I'd read some of the reviews and decided to go with an open mind.Yes, our room was small and the decor quite dated, but our room was clean and the location and the price are the main advantages to this hotel.....we were there to see Manhattan so hanging around the hotel wasn't on the agenda.Its close to the subways and within a short walk of Central Park, 5th Avenue and Times Square.We didn't find it was noisy at night and it seemed like quite a safe location when we were walking back after dark.Overall, I would recommend it.	
Jan 4 2007 	Excellent location and service	The hotel is excellent for the price, it was a modest room, but was clean and the service was excellent. The location was wonderful to go anywhere in Manhattan.Can't wait to go there again!	
Dec 26 2006 	MIce in the bed	Weekend reception very surly and unhelpful. We stayed for a week in room 501 after a couple of days we found mice running around room ! On inspection we found evidence of nest under base of bed . (See photos)We managed to trap 3 mice but management couldn't give us change of room due to marathon and everything else was booked in area - eventually got a chenge of room .Little sympathy from management and deaf ears on compensation.If that's what's in bedroom , what's running around restaurant in basement? Not recommended!!	
Dec 5 2006 	Great Hotel	Just returned from a 2 night stay in this hotel.I have to say for the price, I really think this was a great hotel. It's certainly not the Hilton but if you are going to NYC for 2 nights to shop why would you want to pay so much money for a hotel which you are never in. I really think this was great for the money we paid.We stayed in a one bed room on the first floor. The bedding was clean and nice. The bathroom was marble and very clean. The shower was quite powerful and the bath was clean. I think if you are looking for a cheap hotel, then as long as it's clean then you cant go wrong. The lady on reception was always very polite and helpful. She helped lot's with booking my return travel and also find the bus times for woodbury outlet centre. Which I have to add is a really good place to go. It's about an hour outside the City by Bus and the return ticket is about $38.00. It's well worth the visit, there are such great bargains. I would actually recommend visiting here before you hit the other shops in the City because I did see the same watch I bought from the outlets in a Macy's and it was the full price, so it's not even like they are selling old stock.If you also go to the information centre when you get there, you can pick a discount book for most of the stores.Sorry going off track abit here.Anyway the hotel is also in a really good location, a few blocks from time square and also a short walk to 5th Ave.Overall I had a really enjoyable stay here and wold def stay again.	
Oct 30 2006	Good experience	As one of the many always looking for cheap stays in Manhattan, I was hesitant when reading people's poor reviews. I had a very good stay there. I had booked a 2 bed room, but my 2nd person couldn't come, so the girl at the desk was very helpful in getting me a single room &amp; lower price. I don't need a lot of help w/ NYC, so I don't rely on the hotel staff helping me with things to do. The room was nice...nothing elaborate although the bathroom had recently been updated. I was on the 1st floor &amp; 1st room from the front desk &amp; door, so I could hear noise, but it wasn't very intrusive &amp; never woke me up. I would stay there again. It's a hard place to find, but location is great &amp; subways very close.	
Oct 11 2006 	Poor Customer Service	I first heard about this hotel through an article in the newspaper and thought I would give it a try. When I called to inquire about availability, I was told that there was one room available for the first night and four rooms available for the second night. I decided to make a reservation right away for one room for two nights, as my stay was planned over the marathon weekend (a hard time to get a decent hotel rate in Manhattan). I received an e-mail confrimation with a reservation number. The e-mail showed a reservation for three nights instead of two. I contacted the hotel immediately to have the number of nights changed to two. The next e-mail they sent had me confirmed for only one night. I called again to have the reservation changed to the two nights. Finally, on the third try they got it right! About a week later they left me a message saying that they did not have any availability and had to cancel my reservation. No explanation was given as to why they could not honor a confirmed reservation and the staff was upapologetic about the whole situation. This level of customer service is upacceptable. I was left in a position of having to scramble to find another hotel room on a very busy weekend in New York and hadvingto pay $100 more per night.	
Oct 4 2006 	Cleanliness an issue -- but good location	Hotel visit just OK, but the price was good.The bathroom is the biggest complaint. The bathtub DID NOT drain -- and was not real clean. Mildew all over the grout.Towels threadbare.I guess it was adequate.Would stay here again if I had no other choices -- but it's definitley not at the top of my list.I should have learned my lesson by now -- you can't trust websites!! This hotel is not as nice as the website would lead you to believe.	
Sep 20 2006 	Perfect place for a budget traveler	At less than 1/2 the price of other hotels less than a block away, the Da Vinci was a pleasant surprise. Although definitly a budget hotel, you don't have to be scared booking here. The rooms were simple, but adaquate and clean. The bathroom, again was simple but had hot water and good pressure. The linens look like the ones from your closet, but they work fine. The rooms TV and A/C worked fine. The wireless connection was iffy, but the McDonalds next door had a good signal you can buy for about $1.50/hour. The lobby was comfortable and the attached restaurant was nice. (Gino, the manager was very friendly and hospitable) The hotel is right in midtown, 3 blocks from central park and one block from broadway. The neighboorhood is safe and active, probably 15 restaurants inside of 2 blocks. This is a perfect place to stay if you plan to spend most of your day exploring the city. Staff was friendly and always available. I'll stay here again.	
Sep 5 2006 	A Great budget hotel!	Want a great little place in a 'can't be beat' location? This is it for you! I was so impressed by the friendly and helpful staff, the cleanliness of the whole place and the quaint lobby that I would definitely return in a heartbeat! Rooms are extremely small, but hey, in NYC, you are not going to spend time in your room; at the end of the day you are lucky to crash from exhaustion. Bathrooms all completely redone in marble, lobby staff helpful and sweet -- and a continental breakfast each morning. Walking distance to everything, Central Park, Times Square, Hell's Kitchen, Broadway, etc. Definitely would go back without a second thought.	
Jun 29 2006	This is an excellent hotel for the price.	We stayed for four nights in June and found the hotel very nice for the price. Staff is always on duty and they ask that you leave your key at the front desk when you go out but we never did. You can walk to central park, times square subway nearby, we will stay here again for sure.	
May 23 2006	Good hotel!	This hotel is in a great location - just around the corner from Central Park, short walking distance to Times Square and just minutes from a nice sushi-restaurant on 56th Street. Stayed in February, so NY was cold, but room was nice and warm during the night. Simple breakfast (rolls, donuts and coffee/tea) but started you off for the day. Nice clean bathroom, nice staff. No complaints. Would definitely stay again. If you are looking for affordable NY accomodation, the Da Vinci is a good choice. :)	
Apr 25 2006	great spot great price great place	I stayed there just last weekend and it was great. The city poured rain for two days straight so we spent alot of time in the hotel. It was a great hotel, the price was the best you can find. The rooms were very clean, and the bathroom was very nice with a large tub and marble floors and walls. It was very quiet and the front door staff were very friendly and helpful. The location couldn't get any better with a 10 minute walk to time square and a 5 minute walk to central park. Subway stops are located within a five minute walk. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in NYC. If I ever go back I will definately stay here.	
Apr 21 2006	A Great Base for Exploring	We stayed at the Da Vinci from 12-15 April. We found it to be small but clean, close to the subway and within walking distance of Times Square, what more could you ask for? The Continental breakfast was filling. There was a choice of bread rolls, preserves, doughnuts and tea/coffee. The staff were freindly and there are loads of information leaflets in the foyer to help you plan your holiday.We booked through Travelocity, which gave us the best price out of all the web sites we got quotes from. The hotel is easy to get to from Newark. We got the Olympia Express Shuttle from the ariport ($22 return to Port Authority) and a taxi from Port authority which cost about $5. This is about half the price you would pay in a taxi. The area around the hotel is fairly lively, there are restuarants and shops close by and we felt safe walking around there at night time. We also used the subway at night and felt very safe doing so.A tip for seeing broadway shows: don't go to the TKTS booth in Times Square, go to the one at the South Sea Terminal. The one in Times Square always has a massive queue, but we managed to walk straight into the other one with no queue at all. They both share the same booking system, so you won't lose out on any good deals.If you want a base to explore New York, I would definitely reccomend the Da Vinci.	
Jan 22 2006	Great Little Hotel	My family and I just went to New York on the 15th through the 19th and we loved it. For being a small hotel, the Da Vinci was very surprising. The Staff was very polite and courteous during our visit. They helped us with whatever we needed. The room itself was not bad at all. There was four of us that shared a two bed room, and there was plenty of room. The bathrooms are very nice and the water stayed nice and hot for each shower. The overall appearance of the hotel is very nice also. Another thing worth noting is that it is in a key location, right next to Broadway. Our stay at the Da Vinci was very pleasing, and we would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 8 2006	Great location and not too bad!!	Just back from New York where I spent the New Year Eve with my boyfriend and a couple of friends. The location is simply great, on the Broadway, just few steps away from Central Park and Times Square. As we arrived the room was very clean, but I think the housekeeper &quot;forgot&quot; to clean the bathroom the days after....We don't have problems with shower, hot water and heat, but the bed is definitely too small for two people.They serve breakfast in the reception lounge (what a laugh!!). The staff is not so unfriendly, they simply seem not to live in New York because they aren't informed about anything!!! The only thing they do for us is provide a car service for the airport the day we left. Anyway, we don't spend too much time in the hotel, there are so many things to see in New York! I also think that I would stay there again, the location and the price are great and is definitely decent enough to spend a holiday.	
Jan 6 2006	Location check; everything else minus	This hotel is only for the traveler who doesn’t mind wafer-thin beds, lumpy pillows, no hot water, towels that are fraying and have no nap left, rooms that don’t feel even pretend to feel clean, industrial-style carpeting, incredibly chipped and old furniture, a radiator turned up so high that you have to leave the windows open to breathe (and then freeze when it goes off at 3 in the morning) – and as if the rooms aren’t bad enough – a very rude and incompetent staff. We would never stay here again. Mind you, we didn’t spend more time in the room than was absolutely necessary. We had planned that going in, but were still shocked that they are able to rent this out for more than $35 a night. It is a glorified youth hostel.We left the day the transportation strike began, the first in over 25 years. I think we all knew it was coming, but as a visitor to the fine city of New York, were unprepared for the time we’d need to spend securing airport transportation. I asked the front desk agent for a recommendation nearly 10 hours before we needed to leave: should I call a cab, a town car, a shuttle service; did he have someone he could recommend? His answer? “You should have done that 48 hours ago, don’t know what to tell ya now.” Um, okay, thanks. Ended up walking down to the Dream Hotel – where a friend was staying (just a block away, with the loveliest bell staff) and they stored our luggage (securely, not in the lobby by the unmanned front door) and called us a town car with no problem.Don’t even waste a dime on this place, it’s a dump.	
Dec 8 2005	Not Great But You Get What You Pay For	Not a great hotel but you have to accept it for being so much cheaper than the rest.pros:1) nice lobby2) cheaper3) near subway4) locationcons:1) no secure luggage storage. 2) noise from the street and floor above. hint, turn on the fan to drown it out with a constant buzz3) not enough electrical outlets.4) no counter or cabinet in the bathroom5) envelope on the nightstand looking for tips from housekeeping (I've never seen this before)6) my request for two double beds was accepted but not filled. bed was slightly smaller than a queen.7) too much furniture for such a small room.8) free high speed internet didn't work9) 4pm check-in and 11am check-out10) inconsistent water pressure/temperatureBut after all the rough edges I'd still go back.	
Oct 13 2005	A Real Mixed Bag!	Admittedly, a great location. Very uneven staff, was informed upon arrival that we had to pay in advance (never heard of such a thing), and when I asked to look at room before paying, the concierge turned sour. The bathroom is adequate, tho not convenient, and needed cleaning (moldy). I'm not sure they changed the bed linens in 6 days! and they need to wash to bed spread (smelly). $20 fee for one hour late check out...what gives? Fortunately, we were not in the room very much.Would not stay there again. There must be budget hotels in NYC with friendlier staff.Exception: young lady concierge with the dog.	
Oct 7 2005	dreams are made of this	just returned from Da Vinci. Small compact hotel. The room was basic but the tv worked the air conditioning worked the shower was great. it ws small but truly only slept there -too busy outside. the reception staff were all very nice and friendly - no problems - the tea and coffee of a morning was great to set you up lovely fresh rolls with butter and preserves eaten in the beautiful reception area. very quiet and a little dark but had a good historic feel to it. this hotel could not be faulted for its location. right by carnegie hall columbus circle with tubes to everywhere -close to times square and great for cental park - for those who want mcdonalds - next door - italian - below - indian - 2 doors up it was endless- would stay there tomorrow (onlly wish i could) - would recommend to friendsEXCELLENT	
Sep 19 2005	Delighted with the Da Vinci	My wife &amp; I flew to New york On Sept 11th 2005 &amp; were booked in at the Da Vinci Hotel from 11th to 17th September. We arrived at the hotel around 8pm checked in &amp; were told we had an upgrade for 2 nights which was very nice of them. The room we were in first was quite a big room with 2 double beds &amp; had ensuite facilities, as all the rooms have, as well as air conditioning, T.V &amp; a fridge, the room we got after that was a standard room with double bed, the general standard of the hotel &amp; rooms was extremely good ,all the rooms were clean &amp; tidy, &amp; the staff were very helpful especially Jennifer,one of the receptionists, who was always helpful with any problems with rooms etc. The bar/restaurant in the basement, Joe Gs' was very good, was a little expensive, but the food was first class as was the service from Danny &amp; co. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to enjoy Manhattan as the hotel is perfectly located(244 West 56th st) 5 mins walk from Times Sq. ,2mins walk from Columbus Circle &amp; Central Park &amp; very good bus &amp; subway links close by. Most of the big department stores are also within walking distance, Saks, Bloomigdales &amp; FAO Schwarz &amp; there are plenty of places to eat as well in the immediate area,you are also only 5mins walk from all the major theatres. Our week in the Davinci cost us $882, which compared to the other hotels with the same facilities was an excellent price which you will find very hard to beat &amp; they also throw in a complimentary continental breakfast which consists of rolls,butter &amp; jam &amp; some excellent New York donuts as well as tea &amp; coffee, enough to keep you going until lunch. If you go to this hotel &amp; find anything wrong then all I can say is that you must be a very fussy &amp; hard to please type of person !!	
Sep 12 2005	I loved staying in the DaVinci	It was worth the price, clean sheets, clean toilet and shower. Warm water was no problem and the empoyees are very friendly and helpfull. The location is perfect, just around the corner of Times Square.When we return to NY we certainly book again the Da Vinci.	
Jun 20 2005	Basic hotel but worth it for $avings + close to main streets	Stayed there for 4 days. The room was on the 2nd floor with a single bed. (They said double beds you get street view) so i'll try that next time.Desk ladies where nice &amp; helpful finding my way around town, even offered to come with us/help with subway when she headed home.Free donuts etc in morning. You get all the sounds of the city life, but doesn't bother me i already live in a major city.Room was fairly clean, (top blanket no hotels seem to clean) some fuzz etc under/between the bed, tables etc. Room has a refrig to put things in soda, food etc. We used the AC because the room was little stuffy, was nice and cool then. So im not sure how cool it will feel in summer?Shower was alright, water can take some time to get warm so i would run it a bit before you step in to test the temp.The hotel is a close walk to just about eveything. There are a many places to eat like the Soup NaZi(around the block). Then the amazing Carnegie Deli which has the best Pastrami, Corned Beef &amp; cheese cake!If your planning to see the sights most of your day, and only want a clean room for sleep/shower/$ then this is your hotel. If you want a place to relax for you business people (rich yippies) then go elsewhere.I would stay again since the price was cheap for the quality.	
May 17 2005	Nice Spot...	Okay, it's not the RItz, but hey, what a fantastic location. Walked from the hotel to all the major sights from Central park to the site of the World Trade Centre, and everything in between! Not the biggest hotel room, or the nicest, but when compared to the price of other hotels in the midtown area, it does represent good value for money.	
Apr 18 2005	Great cheap central hotel	We stayed at the Da Vinci from 9 to 14 April 2005 and after having read some of these reviews were quite nervous about what awaited us. However, on arrival, the lady who checked us in was lovely and very helpful - she even let us check in 3 hours early with no fee. The room was basic but for what we paid we weren't expecting the Waldorf!! It was clean and the bathroom was plenty big enough. We had one problem with our bathroom during our stay and it was sorted within a few hours. The only thing that woke us in the night was sirens from a few fire engines and being in a very central location we had expected that. This really is an excellent value for money hotel - Central Park and Broadway on your doorstep, a short walk to Times Square and Fifth Avenue. We would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 23 2005	Cheap Price Good Location	Stayed between 09/04/04 and 16/04/04 with my parents in one room, great deal from Expedia UK.Hotel was clean and rooms were pretty big and comfy for what we paid. We had a inner room so had views of nothing, but it was very quiet which was good. Cable TV was ok with only a few decent channels that we could watch.Staff were friendly especially the doorman who was always smiling and friendly. Bar and resturant downstairs was decent with friendly staff and a nice environment for first time visiters.Location was perfect as it was a 10 second walk till your on Broadway and then 10-20 min walk to Times Square. Subway is close just round the corner and a McDonalds next door.Would recommend this hotel to anyone on a budget that wants a decent place to spend the night.	
Mar 23 2005	Nightmare on 56th	If you want to look at cheesy flea-market paintings, sit in a bathtub designed for someone the size of your toddler, shower in water that turns alternately hot and cold without touching the knob, be awakened in the middle of the night by the radiator noise (imagine a freight train in your bedroom), deal with rude staff, and leave your luggage in a lobby, then the DaVinci is for you. It is cheap, and you'll get exactly what you paid for; lousy accomodations with few amenities and flippancy from most of the staff, who seem to hate their jobs. We did ask for more towels, and the gentlement helping us was prompt to respond, but this was the only highlight. We checked out after learning that there would be no storage for our luggage while we were out on the town the afternoon before our plane left (after check-out time). With its excellent location and possibilities, the DaVinci has much potential to be a quaint place to stay, but until someone who understands the service aspect of business owns it, it will continue to be a waste of time and money for most travelers. I have never written a review for anything, but this experience was so awful I feel compelled to warn other travelers of this hell-hole.	
Mar 20 2005	No problems here!	I have to admit that I was a little concerned (having read some of the negative reviews here AFTER making my reservation). I am happy to say that I encountered zero problems. All staff members were pleasant, and everything worked (radiator, TV, hot water). On top of that the rates were fair, and the location was astounding.	
Mar 2 2005	Nightmare Hotel	We stayed at the hotel in February. The toilet leaked, the radiator heater exploded and we were told we must have played with the knob. There were cobwebs on the ceiling, the maid never came to our room and to top it off when we checked out the receptionist insisted we never checked in!	
Dec 30 2004	Loved Da Vinci WOULD STAY AGAIN!	Stayed at Da Vinci 12/26/2004-12/29/2004. Loved it! Cute boutique hotel with FREE breakfast. Great restaurant and a 15% discount for being a guest. EXCELLENT LOCATION in Midtown...10 blocks from Times Square, 3 from Central Park, 1 block from Carnegie Hall. Had no problems checking in, it was a great place to rest!!! Woud definately stay again!!!!	
Nov 12 2004	Good Location	Stayed at Da Vinci Hotel from 11/09/04 - 17/09/04. We booked through Expedia and felt we had a very good deal. The hotel is just North of Times Square and a few blocks from Central Park.There were 4 of us staying in the one room, and we felt this would be very cramp, but for the amount of time we spent in the hotel we did not have any problems. Our room was clean daily and we had clean towels every day. (Even if the towels were a bit on the small side!). On reading other reviews - we did not really have any problems with the air-conditioning (apart from the fact we hadn't realised it had been unplugged - and thought we had broken it for a few days!) and had plenty of hot water - once we worked the tap system out.The bonus of this hotel was the fact that a breakfast would be included (which is not the norm for an NYC hotel). The breakfast consisted of Rolls &amp; Donuts, plus tea and coffee. Not the most substantial breakfast - but we were satisfied and it set us up till lunchtime.We did try the restaurant in the hotel - and found the meal to be delicious. We would recommend it, if you want an Italian meal not too far away. In addition we received a 15% discount, as we were guests.On the negative side - was the fact our room overlooked the street, and the noise started from aprox 5.30am. We were always awake by 6.30am. We did not consider this to be a big problem, as it meant we made the most of each day and with 4 of us to use the shower etc, it meant we were out of the hotel between 8.30 and 9.00am and not returning till 4.00pm or later to prepare for dinner or the theatre etc.The staff we found to be abrupt, but helpful at all times, (we put this down to the New York attitude) and again for the amount of time that we were in the hotel it did not cause a problem.Our main gripe was getting the car from the hotel to the airport. We were told it could fit 4 people and 4 cases in. It can - but only if the boot is open! If you need to get transport from the hotel to the airport - do not go with the recommendation from the hotel, if the is more then 3 of you!We had come for a holiday and plenty of sight seeing - and spent very little time at the hotel - for us, it was just somewhere to put our head to sleep.Due to the price we paid and the good location, we would consider staying here again.	
Oct 19 2004	Brrrrrr!	We spent the coldest indoor night at the Da Vinci. Even with 4 blankets, our room was so cold that we could not sleep, let alone attempt to take a shower! Although we requested and got another room the next night, the management would not give us any discount, and was not pleasant about it.We'd never stay there again.	
Oct 19 2004	Avoid this place	Our plane landed at LaGuardia at 12:30 and we made our way by taxi to the DaVinci with expectations of a 4 day holiday in NYC. We were immediately informed that although our room was ready, there would be a $20 &quot;early check in fee&quot;. &quot;Sorry, hotel policy for all check ins before 3 p.m&quot;. We could leave our luggage in the lobby, it would be safe and come back later if we wanted. Anxious to unpack and get started we paid the fee, even though I had never been asked to pay such a fee before. The rooms are small, very drab, not so clean, barely adequate. We had trouble with the hot water, until we were told it might be backwards...it was. On 2 of the 3 full days we stayed there, the room was not made up. We grabbed clean towels from the cart in the hall. The attitude was take it or leave it. When we got home, my wife thought she had left something in the room and called. Call back in the morning she was told, the maid had left. Fine, but if she found something maybe she left it at the desk. No effort to help at all. It turned out she hadn't left the item, thank goodness because I'm sure we would never have seen it again. The one good thing is that it is conveniently located near the Theatre District and Central Park. The &quot;Continental Breakfast&quot; is coffee and packaged donuts. We would never stay here again nor recommend this place.	
Sep 9 2004	clean comfortable safe	I stayed at the DaVinci August 25-26. It's not the Ritz but it's clean, comfortable, and safe and in a great location. Don't come here expecting four or five star service but it's decent considering what you paid for it. I, for one, will be back.	
Aug 28 2004	Thank you!	Dear Sir or Madam:On July 23 we stayed at your hotel. We had originally intended to stay for 2 nights while we were visiting New York for the weekend. Our plans were changed because of a scheduling mishap with Hotels.com (they had us staying at your hotel on Monday and Tuesday night rather than the Friday and Saturday nights we had intended). When the conflict was realized your staff proved to be very understanding and helpful. Thankfully they were able to get us a room for that night and although were booked for Saturday, said they would inform us first thing in the morning of any cancellations. They also provided us contact information for Hotels.com in an effort for us to recoup our founds. We then were able to go out and enjoy our evening.Unfortunately the next day there were no cancellations and we were not going to be able to stay at the Da Vinci for another night. Again your staff was very helpful in finding us a room at another nearby hotel. We were very grateful for their time and energy.With the help of your staff our weekend trip was saved. Their patience and understanding were gratefully appreciated. The way we see it Hotels.com collected our fees for rooms we were unable to use, and you were unable to resell (this was explained to us by the manager on call at your hotel). We are upset at Hotels.com's inability to make our situation better as we had notified them of the situation once the conflict was understood.My wife and I wanted to thank you and your staff for helping to save my wife and my weekend getaway.Sincerely,T and H C	
Jul 20 2004	We couldn't even flush the toilet!	We didn't have the greatest experience at the DaVinci. When we checked our bags, they just left them unattended in the front lobby all day (twice!). Of the two front desk attendants we came across, one was incredibly rude and the other was not the least bit friendly, however she didn't say anything outright obnoxious, so this was a definite plus. Although the hotel is very conveniently situated and the room was very clean, the air conditioner (though it made a tremendous amound of noise, clicking loudly all night) never actually made the room any cooler. Then, we discovered a sign in the bathroom that told us not to flush any toilet paper down the toilet! There was a small trash can provided next to the toilet for all waste desposal. It wasn't pretty.	
Jun 21 2004	Don't Believe the Bad Reviews!	We stayed at the Da Vinci 6-04, in spite of reviews here. Clean, comfortable room. Oversize bath with amenities like hair dryer, infrared lamp. Well furnished room with substantial table and mirror. Cable tv worked fine. Staff was courteous and helpful. Good location. We'll come back.	
Jun 4 2004	Good value for the money and convenient location		
Feb 13 2004	Nightmare!		
Jan 19 2004	Not the worst hotel but not very good either		
Nov 29 2003	Da Vinci--a taste of Europe		
Nov 20 2003	Too Noisy		
Oct 31 2003	Ideal location		
Oct 15 2003	Great hotel!		
Oct 14 2003	Stay far far away		
Aug 8 2003	did not honor confirmation		
Aug 6 2003	Good clean hotel		
Nov 21 2009 	Posizione super strategica		
Oct 2 2009 	Muy recomendable estancia en Nueva York		
Aug 31 2009 	Confortevole		
Jul 10 2009 	Recomendable		
Jun 26 2009 	Ottimo		
Dec 28 2008 	hotel da vinci. ottima posizione.		
Oct 9 2008 	SUPER Hôtel		
Sep 30 2008 	Recomendable		
Jun 21 2008 	Lamentable Hotel		
Jan 4 2008 	Prima volta a NY		
Nov 1 2007 	Kleine Zimmer aber phantastische Lage		
