	Absolutely wonderful	This hotel was recently renovated and is beautifully done. It is located on the Upper West Side and is across the street from the Fairway market which is one the greatest grocery stores. The hotel rooms come with complete kitchen. We really enjoyed our stay here.	
	great place to stay if you dont wanna be slap bang in city centre....	stayed at this hotel for two weeks.. and it turned out to be a great location for our holiday.. just up from subway which we used all the time and it was ideal for us.... staff were very helpful and pleasent... even met a fellow thin lizzy fan at reception which was good omen! ha.... lovely views from the hotel room at nite too.... very clean.. quiet.. ( except when some jerk decided to start playing his trumpet at early hours of sunday morning.. i phoned reception but nobody arrived .. small gripe though)... laundry room was bonus... and great wee cafe rite beside hotel.. being so close to central park and john lennons old place was bonus too! if you dont wanna be located in heart of city.. and would welcome quieter area at nite.. i would highly recommend this hotel..	
	A great hotel that certaintly lived up to expectations	We arrived at Hotel Beacon with a sense of expectation that this would be a hotel that was a cut above the rest and we were not disappointed. We were staying for 8 nights and were lucky enough to be upgraded to a one bedroom suite - roomy and well appointed with all you need. The service was great and we found the staff were professional and helpful with everything we needed including all the little things that make a difference. The upper West Side neighbourhood is wonderful after a hard day pounding the NY pavements with loads of great restaurants within easy walking distance with fabulous delis, supermarket and bottle shop across the street.	
Nov 21 2009	Train Across America (First stop)	This hotel was a splendid place to stay. We were lucky enough to have a very comfortable suite. As it was well equipped with fridge,cooker and microwave. Also the most fantastic mega market was just across the street. The fresh fruit displays need to be seen to be believed.The location was very convenient for Central Park and as it is on 77th Street the tube within 3 min walk on 72nd Street took us direct to Time Square.We would certainly stay here again.	
Nov 21 2009 	Beacon Hotel well kept secret.	Stayed at Beacon Oct 30 to Nov 3. Second time. Excellent rooms, good size, lovely comfortable beds. Good bathroom shower etc.Staff very pleasant and helpful, unlike some reviews stated. Only gripe was lack of sufficient coffee in room to enable use of coffee maker! Reception staff provided more when asked but i would have expected cleaners to replenish. Small thing i know. Everything else greatSubway a block away, easy access to everywhere. Central Park 5 minutes walk. Amsterdam Avenue, parallel with Broadway, some excellent restaurants. Dined at Nice Matin, really good food. Wine list 20 pages, one bottle listed at $14000. Need i say more.Lively bars, good fun area of NY.Manhattan Diner a block north, wonderful breakfast at really good price. Packed out all day, says it all. The two egg special with ham, potato hash, squeezed juice, toast and as usual gallons of coffee. Perfect. Really enjoyable stay, good base.	
Nov 18 2009 	Perfect for us and the kids	My husband and I and our 2 young children (ages 1 and 3) stayed at the Hotel Beacon for 3 nights and were very impressed. We had a 2 room suite with kitchenette. Both rooms were of good size with a door that could be closed between the 2. The staff were very helpful, especially with providing and infant crib and rearranging some furniture in the room. Everything was very well appointed, comfortable, and spotlessly clean, including the kitchenette. Also, the room was very quiet. It was really perfect for us and the kids, especially since the kitchenette 9and the large grocery store across the street) allowed us to have breakfast in our room. And for NYC, the price was reasonable.	
Nov 14 2009 	Excellent place to stay	We had stayed at The Beacon a few times before and chose to stay there again on our latest trip in July.(I'm late on posting!)Since the previous time we were there, the rooms have gotten a major overhaul. If you look on the hotel's website, the room they show looked exactly like our room. We had a studio room, which was just the bedroom and bathroom, which was fine. This was the smallest room we've had at this hotel, but it didn't matter. Everything was upgraded, from the bed and linens, to the dishware in the small kitchen area. Probably the best upgrade the hotel did was to the elevators! It was so nice to push the elevator button and actually have an elevator show up shortly, unlike in the past when the wait was interminable. The desk staff was very courteous and helpful. The in-room safe wouldn't lock, and, upon reporting the problem, someone showed up in about 5 minutes and fixed it. So no complaints.As usual, the location is excellent. Just about a block to a subway station that is an express stop, so if you got on the express train you could be downtown very quickly. Fairway Market across the street still amazes me. Lots of restaurant choices nearby. A short walk to a main entrance to Central Park, and just a few blocks from Lincoln Center.	
Nov 13 2009 	Really good hotel clean reasonably priced and very comfortable	We stayed at the Beacon September 2009, it was a good base, the rooms were a good size, and it was lovely to have the facilities to make a cup of tea. A huge bed which was so comfortable. A block from the Metro with an express train to Time Square, it was a great location. My last visit to New York we stayed near Grand Central it was noisy all day and all night. The beacon was quiet and relaxed, the staff were very friendly and helpful, just a short stroll from Central Park which was a huge bonus. We would recommend this hotel without hesitation and would stay there again.	
Nov 9 2009 	fantastic city and a great hotel	Just came back from nyc. My husband and myself had a fantastic time. We did all the sites and more. The Hotel Beacon is a great place to stay, the location is good for the restaurants and markets, and not forgetting Big nicks 24hr diner. The room was clean tidy and well maintained and the little kitchen area was good for coffee and snacks . The location was just great for getting about and not being to near Time square. We really did feel welcome in nyc . The hotel Beacon is a great place to stay.	
Nov 7 2009 	My new favorite NYC hotel	My siblings and I took my parents to NYC to celebrate their 60th wedding anniversary and we had the perfect stay at the Hotel Beacon. Incredible location -- 2 short blocks from an express subway stop and near both Central Park and Riverside Park, lots of great restaurants and some of the best food shopping on Manhattan (like Zabar's, Fairway Market, and H&amp;H Bagels -- yum!). We got a 2 bed room suite which gave us lots of room and a full kitchen. My parents had a lovely corner room, with a king size bed and 2 large windows and a walk-in closet. Despite its location, the rooms were quiet.Staff were all helpful and pleasant. The only downsides (and they were minor) were that we had trouble with adjusting the thermostats in our rooms, and one day the kitchen clean up was less than perfect.But overall, for the price, roominess (this is Manhattan, after all, and I've stayed in plenty of tiny rooms in NYC), pleasant rooms, and location, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 6 2009 	We will be back!	I travel to NY at leats one time a year since 15 years and this was my first stay in this hotel. I found it great. Very, very nice room (a one bedroom suite for a family of 4, a couple and 2 kids) and an excellent neighborhood.We will be back!	
Nov 3 2009 	Absolutely brilliant!	I stayed here with a friend in a one bedroom suite for five nights last month and it was a fantastic hotel. We had a pull out sofabed in the living room and a seperate bathroom so we could both have privacy. We emailed ahead before we booked and had a very nice reply saying that they could make sure that we would have a room with a bathroom off of the hallway but that if would be on a lower floor. This was perfect and we were on the 12th floor anyway. The location was fantastic, only a couple of minutes from the subway (which was very safe) and as many other reviewers have said a wonderful market opposite which we frequently used. The staff were friendly without being pushy, helping us to get bus tour tickets, and the room was great. The kitchen was very handy and the bed was incredibly comfortable. The only thing I can think of to improve the room was that the toilet seat was cheap plastic and didn't really suit the nice bathroom.I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and we will definitely be coming back.	
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Beacon in June this year and found it to be excellent in all aspects. Close to the subway, a great supermarket right across the road, cafe on the corner and a big plus for us, it had a laundromat - not all that easy to find in large cities. The staff were great. The rooms were very good, kitchenette which meant the supermarket was also a bonus. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to any traveller.	
Nov 2 2009 	A real gem of an apartment hotel located in Upper Westside	We stayed for seven nights in a one room apartment. It was quiet, the staff courteous and location excellent. The subway was 1 minute from the hotel. If you want to save money to spend on sightseeing, you can prepare the daily meals here. The best deli and fresh food market in NYC is directly opposite. Although the kitchenette facilities were fairly basic, we were able to buy semi-prepared food at the deli to reheat and add a sparkling fresh salad and a dessert treat for a great evening meal. Cereal and fresh fruit for breakfast, we made a bread roll with salad to take out with us sightseeing had us spending just US$25 a day for two. How good is that! Best tip: A slice of NY cheesecake for $1.99 at Fairways market opposite.There is a huge laundry on the 7th floor, wash and dry for $3.50.The saving on meal costs certainly helped offset the accommodation bill. The only negative comment (which we didn't bring up with the front desk) a small table and two chairs to dine at (this is in the one room apartment) would make it easier than us trying to eat sitting at the desk on one chair and a stool. Oh, the kingsize bed was a dream to sleep in.We would definitely stay here again and recommend it to our Aussie friends.	
Oct 28 2009 	Well-located hotel	The Beacon-Hotel is well located on Broadway, NY nearby a metrostation, Central Park, restaurants and shops.The rooms are accomodated very well with a luxurious bed, a closet (with an iron and an ironing board), a small kitchen and a small bathroom, which are all very clean. We had a problem with some lights in the room and they fixed it right away.We really loved the hotel and our whole stay there!	
Oct 26 2009 	A Haven of Quiet and Space in Vibrant New York	Our family spent 5 nights at the Beacon October 8-13, our 3rd stay there since 2004. The rooms and lobby of this older style hotel are now renovated and are just another bonus to this welcoming gem on the Upper West Side. We always request a higher floor 1 bedroom suite overlooking Broadway, as these rooms are generally quieter with a nice aspect of the beautiful Ansonia Building across the road and the activity of New York.This time we were given a room on the 8th floor, the lowest we have ever been. Surprisingly, the room was so quiet, at night I literally could have heard a pin drop on the carpet. We had 2 double beds and a pullout sofa. The pullout had a very thin and uncomfortable mattress but was adequate for a small child. The kitchenette is very compact and handy and the full-size fridge was great.Below on the 7th floor is the roomy laundry, with front loaders,dryers, snack and detergent vending machines. All loads are $2 and change is available at the front desk..The Beacon is a brief stroll to the 72nd subway, reaching Times Square in only minutes.It is close to restaurants, opposite the enormous 24 hour Fairway Market (groceries, expansive deli, ready to heat meals) and a 10 minute walk to Central Park. It is a safe, friendly neighbourhood and a place we would highly recommend. We paid $295/night(plus tax) for a spacious self-contained apartment in NYC - what more could you ask?!We look forward to returning. Thank you, Hotel Beacon.	
Oct 25 2009 	Definately recommend! Absolutely loved it.	Stayed at the beacon hotel for 3 days during April. The room we stayed in was great. Newly renovated on the top floor with great views straight out to central park and could even see to the north and south of the city as well. Had everything we needed and even a grocery store and gourmet deli across the road as well as a bottle shop downstairs. the staff were really friendly and helpful whenever needed. 5min walk to central park and subway. perfect location. definately going back there when my family comes back to new york for christmas next year!	
Oct 21 2009 	Good Hotel Good Price Good Neighborhood	My family has stayed at the Beacon many times since we discovered it 15 years ago. It's in a very nice neighborhood (Broadway and 74th). There's a subway stop almost at the door, and dozens of good restaurants and shops within walking distance. The staff is consistently outstanding. The hotel sometimes shows its age with a little wear and tear in the rooms. But, it's always clean and never less than acceptable. The prices have crept up over the years, but it's still a good deal. We almost always get a 1-bedroom suite, and it's usually less than $250. Unless you insist on the top of the line elegance, you can't go wrong with this place. A cost cutting tip for out of town travelers with a car: There is plenty of safe, free residential neighborhood parking within a few blocks of the hotel, so you don’t have to pay for a garage. Just cruise the neighborhoods from about 71st to 78th between Central Park West and Riverside and watch the signs for No Parking days. I’ve never failed to find a spot by investing 15 or 20 minutes in it, and I’ve never had trouble leaving my car on the street.	
Oct 17 2009 	Fantastic - exactly what we expected	The Beacon was a sensational place to stay. The location was superb and proximity to the subway made getting around NYC a breeze! The hotel was clean the furnishings were good quality and working. My wife and 10 month old stayed in a King suite on level 7, it was spacious and exaclty like what was on the web (no nasty surprises like we've previously had). The kitchenette was small but functional, with a limited range of utensils, but we made it work. It was a lovely stroll to Central Park. Heaps of restaurant/diner options and the deli across the road had a great variety should you choose a night in or to do your own breakfast etc. We will be back!	
Oct 16 2009 	Second time here	The beacon is a beautiful hotel located in REAL NYC. its 2 blocks from a sub way and a few blocks from the natural history museum and central park. this is the second time we've stayed here. Loved it the first time round and had no complaints at all. However this time round we had a room at the back of the hotel with a huge vent running up along the side of the room near a window, loud was not the word for it. but they did move us the next morning once it was said to them we were also upgraded to a suit from the minute we arrived as were the other couple we travelled with. rooms are clean and spacious. the bathrooms are a little dark. possibly a bit pricey for what u get but the location is fantastic. for the most part the staff are nice. but its new york to get any real joy its all about tipping them.	
Oct 15 2009 	Surprisingly convenient	We were there for a show at the adjacent Beacon Theatre, and this just a great location. Walking distance to Central Park and many other attractions, with several convenient parking locations right next to the hotel. The markets across the street and the liquor store next door have anything you could need too.The staff was helpful and attentive, the room surprisingly large for NYC, and with the exception of a faulty remote control on the TV in the living room of our suite, everything worked fine.Somewhat pricey, but it is NY after all.	
Oct 13 2009 	buggy	Fine. But a lot of little bugs came out at night. They were little, mainly in the bathroom. But a few in the bedroom. When I checked in my shower was broken--the fixture wasn't attached and went flying when I turned the nob. Although maintenance was up in less than 5 minutes and speedily fixed the problem. So the maintenance was great but the shower shouldn't have been broken in the first place. Other than the bugs, it was fine. But why all the little black bugs???	
Oct 8 2009 	very good hotel in prime location	we stayed for 5 nights in September/October 2009 with two children, ages 5 and 8. As previous reviewers have noted, the hotel is clean, the showers are great, the staff are helpful and friendly, and the hotel is in a GREAT location on the upper west side. The Australian reviewer below was obviously NOT in room 810, because our fold out bed was as lumpy and uncomfortable as a bed could be. Luckily my kids were so exhausted each night, they didn't care. Also, if you care, you can hear the musicians from the beacon theatre practicing and warming up--didn't bother us. We would definitely stay again and recommend it to others.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel in a fantastic location!	My husband and I have just returned from a weeks stay at the Beacon. We stayed on level 20 overlooking Amsterdam Ave. Rooms were a good size with comfy beds and a huge tv. Having the kitchenette with a fridge stove and microwave was very handy. Just remember to open the windows before cooking or else the smoke alarm will go off. Many great restaurants and bars around our favourite was The Cottage chinese restaurant (Amsterdam Ave bet 77&amp;78th st). There are also 2 computers with internet available in a room in the Lobby. A laundry room with washers and dryers is on level 7 and phones on level 2. Across the road is Fairway a huge grocery store with everything available. Another great grocery store is Westside Market near 77th st. Subway is at 72nd st only a short walk as is Central Park. The hotel is great value and the upper west neighbourhood is excellent. Staff very friendly and helpful. We would definately stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Roomy comfortable and very clean - not far from Central Park	Thanks to Cameron at Dial-A-Flight we paid a bit more than we had planned (£699 for five nights) but got a very spacious quiet room, with kitchenette and basic equipment and extremely comfortable beds. Hotel is on Broadway but very quiet, pleasant neigbourhood and 3 minutes from the subway, and ten minutes from Central Park. The concierge was most helpful with advice on vists and transport. There is a big food store and deli opposite so you could save a lot of money and eat in, as we did one night. For a good meal out try Josie's, about one block away.	
Oct 5 2009 	Perfect location a real new york experience	My 16 year old son and I have just returned from a fantastic 3 week stay in the US with 1 week at the Beacon Hotel. Absolutely loved everything about this hotel, from the friendly and helpful staff, top location and the great rooms. We had a one bedroom suite and my son slept on a comfy foldout couch in the lounge room. We both had flat screen TV's and about 90 channels to choose from! Kitchen was fantastic to have and we cooked most nights and ate every breakfast in the room. So much cheaper and you can have healthier food choices this way as well. Central Park is about 3 blocks away and we rode bikes and walked there. Supermarket and gourmet food store over the road are brilliant and have absolutely everything. Wine shop is on the corner and New York is at your door step...bliss! We either took a cab (less than $10 to get to Times Square area) or we walked or took the subway to get about. Felt completely safe at all times. Make sure you visit the Frick Museum, hear the gospel singers in Harlem and take a trip to where the twin towers were in Downtown area. Also take a walk across the Brooklyn Bridge, the views are amazing. We loved New York and we will return and will stay at this wonderful homely and comfortable hotel. Kerry and Sam from Melbourne, Australia	
Oct 1 2009 	Good Hotel in a great location	This is a very good hotel which is a 5 minute metro ride from Times Square. It does not have a restaurant but each room has a kitchenette with fridge, cooker and microwave. The supermarket opposite is totally incredible and is worth a visit even if you don't want to buy! The only downside was that there seemed to be people living there who would go out early every morning and bang the doors, waking us poor sleeping tourists, but I would still stay here whenever in New York.	
Sep 27 2009 	absolutely perfect in every way	We were SO thrilled with our stay that we have come back two more times. Lovely hotel with boutique flavor, friendly staff and 5 star accomodations. Our favorite guy at the front desk was Henry who drew us maps and pointed us in the right direction for the sights of NY. The views from our rooms (on floors 20 and 25) were the best and included Central Park. Museums and restaurants were all within walking distance. Subway 72 was a block away and the Fairmont across the street was awesome for supplying our kitchen. There is NO better deal in NY - oh, we have looked!! Believe Trip Advisor on this one and enjoy the upper west side on your visit to NY. Greenflea. Central Park, Ocean Grill, Fatty Crab, famous Shake Shack and the best museums are a walk away. Thank you Henry for the superb care and caring service. We will be back again!	
Sep 20 2009	The Hotel Beacon is fantastic!	My adult daughter and I stayed four nights at the Hotel Beacon on the upper west side of Manahattan in Sept. 2009. Can't say enough about the courtesy, professionalism, and attentiveness of the staff. Everyone we encountered, from the young man who greeted us at the curb on our arrival, to the front desk attendant, to the concierge, to the housekeeping staff--everyone was friendly, helpful, and just plain nice. We've been to NYC before (my daughter stayed at the Beacon several years ago and was particularly impressed with its total renovation), and we've always had wonderful experiences. The Beacon is a standout because of the great staff and the terrific location. We really enjoyed staying in a &quot;neighborhood&quot; (the upper West side) instead of in a &quot;tourist&quot; area. It was fun to walk around and find a little coffee shop, watching regular people going about their daily lives. It was so easy to hop on the subway and get wherever we wanted to go in minutes. AND, it's a couple of blocks from Central Park!! What could be better? The Beacon is especially good for families b/c the rooms are quite spacious (by NYC standards) and each has its own kitchenette. My daughter and I enjoyed the kitchenette as well, for morning coffee or late night dessert. All in all, this is a great place to stay in NYC--and the price can't be beat. P.S. There are tons of great restaurants in the area. Although the hotel does not have its own restaurant, there is a cafe next door--Viand, I think is the name--that is friendly, has good food, and is very reasonable. Great for breakfast and for families.	
Sep 17 2009 	An upper west side classic	I would normally have given this hotel five stars but it was just edged by another in New York I stayed at in August. The Beacon has got to be near the top of the list for anyone wanting to stay on the Upper West Side. So close to so many great attractions, and the Fairway across the road is perfect if you get a room like we did with a kitchenette. Roomy and perfect for families, with excellent staff.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great hotel on Manhattan's Upper West Side	We've stayed at the Beacon on three occasions, and we'll keep coming back. It has large, spacious, well maintained rooms with kitchenettes - at a great price. The location is perfect - about a thirty minute walk from Times Square, and near restaurants, shopping and the theatre.	
Sep 17 2009 	Will be back in May	We had a 2 bedroom Suite at the Beacon from September 4th to 14th and all I can say is wow!Firstly the price was fantastic, so much cheaper than equivalent but lesser quality hotels in the cityCheck-in was a breeze, we were on our way to room 906 in less that 5 minutesThe room was HUGE, 2 bedrooms (2 doubles in 1 and a king in the other), 2 bathrooms (1 with and 1 without a bathtub), a living room area with pull out sofa bed (actually fairly comfortable) and a full kitchenAt nights the was very little outside noise meaning a good nights sleep was possible (rare in New York I know)Any problems we had with the room (we had a couple of tiny ones) were sorted almost instantly and the maid left the rooms spotless everydayWe had already decided to cancel plans for a trip to Australia next year to return to New York (for the 7th time) and we will be definitely stayin at the Beacon againIn fact we stopped just short of booking before we leftIn summary, great hotel, great staff, (really) great locationMany thanks and see you in MayMatthew	
Sep 16 2009 	Great value in a superb neighbourhood	We stayed in a standard room - large for New York, with very basic kitchenette and small but functional bathroom. The room was well maintained, offered a lot of storage space, good air con, lots of natural light. Modern, comfortable furnishings. Huge and really comfy king plus bed. Good lights, desk, bedside table. Kitchenette had two very, very slow to heat rings with traditional hob kettle - it took 25 minutes to heat ehough water for a cup of tea - not so good! An electric kettle would have made things almost perfect! There was a microwave, toaster and very basic kitchen and dining equipment [although more was available on request]. Full sized effective fridge and a small kitchen sink. Bathroom small and bath very low with a shower over - anyone with limited mobility would have an issue getting in/out of the bath. Plenty of good quality fresh towels; although a full bath sheet would have been nice. Shower powerful and effective. Large closet with safe large enough for a small laptop. Don't do TV myself but it is state of the art and huge.The neighbourhood is great - local feel, very safe and M104 bus gets you downtown quickly - $27 metro card covers all public transport all week - BARGAIN! Diner next door excellent for basic meals, superb [huge] breakfast deals, good value dinner. Lots of other dining options within an easy walk casual to top end. Great range of day to day shops - supermarket over the road wonderful! All staff were very helpful and responsive - a late check out was no problem. Main negative was internet access wi fi charged daily, no discounts for longer and no flexible time block plans. Good connection but $9.95 a day is steep and adds up over the week - would prefer to purchase 10 or 20 hours to use as required. Overall though this hotel offers excellent value and if I'm in New York again no doubt at all that I'll stay here - a tiny room in a busy, noisy mid town location could easily cost double. Here you really can feel part of the city away from the main tourist trail.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great hotel real value for money	Stayed here for 4 nights, wonderful hotel really comfortable. Kept in good order, roomy, and excellent service from the staff. It is in a quiet location but only 30mins walk from Times Square, if you feel like walking. There is a fabulous restaurant next door which has a huge choice of dishes on it's menu and a supermarket across the road in which you can buy food and take back and cook in your room if you wish. Great hotel really enjoyed our stay there and would use it again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Choice for Family	We just returned from a long weekend in New York with kids (8 and 12). We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite at the Hotel Beacon. Our experience was similar to the other positive reviews here. The suite had a bedroom with a king bed, and a second bedroom with two queens - a perfect fit for our family and all very comfortable. The 2 bathrooms (small but nice) are both in a short hall between the bedrooms and a living room that adjoins a kitchenette. The suite was quiet with virtually no street noise unless we opened a window (a nice option). The suite, while not the Plaza, was very pleasant ( 3 flat screen tvs) and we had no complaints. The location as everyone remarks is terrific. Fairway across the street, Starbucks on the corner, close to the subway, Central Park and Natural History Museum; easy to grab cabs to and from. Loved the neighborhood and our stay. Will book here again.	
Sep 6 2009	Very comfortable	We had a one-bedroom suite for our five nights in New York. The internet rate was $255/night which the numerous taxes brought up to about $300/night. Our room was located on the 23rd floor with a good view toward the Hudson River. The room was clean and well maintained, the decor pleasant, and the beds comfortable. The bath was small but modern and the shower was excellent. The living area included a sofa, an easy chair, and a small table that was perfect for breakfast each morning. The Beacon is very well located for getting around the city, just a five-minute walk from the 72nd St. subway. An excellent market, the Fairway, is across the street; Zabar's, where we purchased sturgeon for one of our breakfasts, is just five blocks uptown. The toaster thoughtfully accommodated bagels. Although there was a coffee maker in the kitchenette, we chose to buy our coffee each day at the adjacent Viand Café. We also discovered an excellent little bakery, Levain, on 74th Street between Amsterdam and Columbus. Lots of restaurants in the immediate area. Overall, a very comfortable stay.	
Aug 30 2009 	What a great hotel good location friendly staff	Stayed at this hotel for four nights, Good value for New York, Would definitely stay again - in fact will be booking for next year. Already recommended to others	
Aug 20 2009 	superb location with fantastic rooms	We stayed at the Beacon for 7 nights and were very impressed with the appearance and cleanliness of the hotel. Our one bedroomed apartment was beautifully decorated and spacious and we found the kitchenette,two TVs and the safety deposit box in the wardrobe very useful. The location is superb with Central Park close by as well as a supermarket , shops, cafes, banks and the subway and it is only a short taxi ride to Times Square. We would highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	Loved the room and location.	This hotel was just a few blocks from the subway and Central Park. Amsterdam street is just the next block over and is filled with great shopping and restaurants. Our room had a small kitchenette and across the street was an amazing grocery store so we had the option to eat a few meals in the room to save money. The staff was helpful and friendly and the room was clean and attractive.The only thing to note is that it was crowded with a number of tour groups when we were there.	
Aug 17 2009 	I live in hotels and this one is as close to home as it gets!	I opted for a one bedroom suite, because I travel for a living and the idea of cooking, and having a full refrig is fantastic. The nearby shopping across the Street on Broadway was the best, and I loved the idea that this hotel was in the thick of a NY 'local neighborhood...the Time Square properties I normally used, are all transient traffic but I felt at easeaomg a whole buch of the 'locals'. Eateries are important, and there was plenty of good choice. NY hotel rooms are traditionally on the small size, but I found the one-bedroom to more than ample for spreading out, and I could work in the living areas, and mess up the bedroom at will. The location is tops; I got a MetroPass and simply hopped on and off to get everywhre and anywhere and, at any hour. Highly recommended venue; Linens, ammenities and staff were all exceptional and the price was more than fair for Manhattan; I've paid twice as much before, and not gotten anywhere near the room, or the value... I'll be going back again and again, thanks.	
Aug 15 2009 	glad we chose the Beacon	We had stayed in a Times Square hotel on a previous visit to N.Y.C ,but the location and overall ambience of the Beacon is, in my opinion, far superior . Only a couple of minutes walk to the subway , across the road from a fantastic market / store , numerous restaurants , bars and shops nearby and right in the middle of the upper west side , a &quot;real people &quot; neighbourhood of Manhattan. Light years away from some other overly touristy areas , this was a wonderful start to this year's American adventure. Staff were pleasant and helpful, the restaurant / diner attached was fairly priced and served good food . The suite was well equipped and kept spotlessly clean . Only slight downside was the air conditioning which really struggled to make any impression during a very hot spell of weather. We would have no hesitation in staying here again if / when we re-visit Manhattan and would recommend it to any friend who was looking for somewhere to stay.	
Aug 15 2009 	Exceptional	This hotel has been refurbished in the last couple of years and it is now fantasic (used to be a bit shabby, reminded me of ghostbusters). We stayed for 4 nights in a suite and it was just superb. The decor and furnishings are of a very high standard, there was a bedroom which had two double beds and a flat screen TV with about 1000 channels, seperate living room with a double sofa bed and another flat screen TV. There is a large well appointed shower room and a small kitchenette with fridge, tea/coffee making facilities and a cooking hob.Located on 75th + Broadway I found the hotel to be located perfectly, you can catch the subway which is a 2 minute walk away or stroll down Broadway to Times square which takes about half an hour. Across the road from the hotel is FAIRWAY which is an excellent minimarket/deli and next door is a diner which does amazing breakfasts.I would definately stay at the Hotel Beacon again.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great Hotel and great location!	My sister and I stayed at the Beacon for 4 nights and we were very happy with it. The beds were comfortable. Everything was quite clean. We had a small kitchenette with a stove, sink, coffee maker, kettle, toaster and fridge so we had our breakfast in the room. The smoke alarm was VERY sensitive and went off when the kettle was not even boiling yet. The staff were very responsive, if we had any requests. The subway was a couple of blocks away and very safe day and night. We felt safe the whole time we were in NYC. The place never closes down so there are people around always! There is a great little boutique around the corner on 72nd street toward Central Park called &quot;Off Broadway&quot;. Great clothes and great sales people! All in all a great visit!	
Aug 12 2009 	Comfortable but not as pictured	We spent seven nights at this hotel with our granddaughter. Check-in was prompt and courteous and we were on our way to our room within minutes. Unfortunately, we were disappointed in the size of the area where the sofa bed was located, with its adjoining tiny kitchenette (once the sofa bed was opened, you could not get to the window). As to the sofa bed comfort, it was most uncomfortable for our granddaughter, but on the following morning, upon leaving for the day, when the manager was notified, an additional mattress pad was placed on the bed and it increased her comfort considerably. There are more closets than rooms. Each one is enormous, with lots of hangers. The bathroom is very small, with minimal shelf space and no exhaust fan, thus, it became very steamy after showering. On the plus side, the shower pressure was outstanding. The towels were thick and fluffy, but we had to ask each day for additional towels, or helped ourselves to some from the cart. There was some noise from adjoining rooms, but this was not a major issue. Overall, the staff could not have been nicer. The location of the hotel is terrific - near a subway and buses.The Fairway Market, across the street, is as advertised. If they don't have it, it doesn't exist. As a matter of fact, we had dinner twice in their upstairs restaurant - service and food is excellent.Let us say a word, as other posters have indicated, about the restaurant mentioned several times, &quot;La Vela&quot;, 373 Amsterdam Ave (at 75th or 76th St.). We dined there twice. The food is not pretentious but is terrific, the service is excellent and the wines reasonable priced, as is the food.We also ate at Fusha, just around the corner from the hotel on Amsterdam Ave (at 75th St.). It is Asian fusion, not inexpensive, but excellent, and again, the staff is very good and friendly.We recommend getting a Metro Pass for the time you are in the city. The desk at the hotel has daily passes, but if you are there longer, you can purchase longer passes at the subway stations. The subways and buses are air-conditioned and surprisingly clean and run often. We never took a taxi.	
Aug 5 2009 	Another great stay	Stayed in a queen one bedroom suite on 25th floor. The staff were very nice- check in was a breeze. The suite consisted of a separate bedroom and living room. Bed was comfortable. Our room faced the west side and was much quieter than the room we had before- I think there was a lot less traffic than at Thanksgiving when we stayed last time. We had trouble with the TV in the front room, called the front desk and someone came up promptly , pushed a few buttons and we had a working TV. The hotel is close to the subway and there is a grocery store right across the street. The only negative was the air conditioner in the living room. The sign above the control said it would cut off when you left the room. However, it would turn off if you were in the room but not moving around. I had to get up every 10 minutes so that it would continue to run. The bedroom unit had the same sign but we had no problem with it. Since we weren't in the room a lot during the day it didn't bother us too much. Overall a great stay- we will back in November for Thanksgiving.	
Aug 4 2009 	Best hotel for a small family	We stayed at the Beacon (my wife, our two children 3 &amp;10 years, and I) for 3nights and 4 days. The One Bedroom Suite with King was perfect. We took our meals in the room, best way to save $$$ because the kitchen in the room has everything needed to cook. The supermarkets in front of the hotel are ok. Cleaned everyday, service was excellent. The location of the hotel is perfect. Only negative, was the size of the bathroom and no pool. Also, the price of internet access was high (10$ for 24h)We'll get there again next time for sure.	
Aug 4 2009 	great	Great hotel,friendly staff great location,clean and tidy,would recomend to anyone who wants a good hotel at a reasonable rate	
Aug 3 2009 	Even better than before	I stayed at the Beacon last summer while renovations were underway. They are completed and the rooms are really wonderful. I stayed in a King Suite with two flat screen TVs, marble bath, great kitchenette and it was quiet. I found the staff to be very helpful as well. This is where I will stay when I come to New York!	
Jul 30 2009 	Great location and nice hotel	We had a 1 bedroom suite with living room. For NYC the price was great, had a micrwave and plates, refrigerator. The beds were quite comfortable. Living room area was quite large. The Fairway is right across the street - super convenivent. I mentioned to the front desk my toothpaste had disappeared at the airport - they had an amenity kit. Good experience - and great price really for Manhattan. I think we paid like $205 plus tax.	
Jul 28 2009 	What a GREAT experience!	We were in NY for the NYC Triathlon and had our bikes and race gear. At check in the gentleman was very polite and welcoming, and as he handed me our key said, I think this room will accommodate all of your stuff. We had booked a Queen Studio and when we got upstairs realized that he upgraded us to a King Room with a Kitchenette. The room was spotless, the bed comfortable and the TV worked fine.The location of the hotel on the upper west side is perfect, close to Central Park, Riverside Park and tons of restaurants and cafes nearby. The 72nd St. Subway station is only a couple of block walk. The neighborhood is very safe (it is a city so use common sense) we were out at all different times of the day and night and never felt uncomfortable walking anywhere.As we were racing on Sunday morning, our checkout day, I asked for a late checkout which they accommodated no problem. When we are back in NYC I would stay there again in a heartbeat! I can't say enough about what a pleasant surprise the hotel its staff were. I have stayed at a lot of pricier and fancier hotels that weren't as accommodating and clean as the Beacon.	
Jul 25 2009 	clean comfortable and great location	I stayed in June for 5 nights with my mum and two brothers for my mum's 60th birthday. We booked a 2 bedroom suite which was perfect for us. The rooms were clean and the beds were very comfortable. Each of the bedrooms had its own bathroom which is essential when there are 4 people to get out each morning. The living room and kitchenette were comfortable. We used the kitchen every morning to make breakfast and also used it one evening to cook dinner. It was fine even if the toaster did set of the smoke alarm everytime!The location is perfect - easy to get everywhere but without the hassle of being in Times Square which looked like a nightmare. Lots of lovely resturants and bars nearby. There also supermarkets across the road if you want to cook or pick up a snack.Its not a cheap hotel, in fact its pretty expensive but New York is an expensive place. That said, I would definately stay here again and recommend to my friends.	
Jul 25 2009 	The best 2 bedroom suite/apt for the money on the Upper West Side!	When you stay here, you'll rethink your conceptions of NYC hotel rooms (usu. small and narrow). We were expecting a limited amount of space for my wife, myself, baby and the grandparents, but this was a wide open very recently renovated suite. The neighborhood market, deli * restaurant offerings on this part of Broadway on the UWS were awesome. (Check out FAIRWAY Market across the street-what a place!)We would highly recommend it to you with or without the family in tow!! The	
Jul 24 2009 	Excelent !	Nice clean, light rooms with refrigirator, coffee machine and small stowGood serviceLaundry roomShuttle bus to airport (prepay/order before departure)Near Subway, restaurants and Central Park No breakfast (can go to restaurant round the corner)	
Jul 19 2009 	Pretty much what we expected	The reviews on Trip Advisor were once again accurate and the reason that we selected the Beacon. We were not disappointed and really enjoyed our stay here. The biggest plus for us were the very large suites. Traveling with 2 teenage boys it was great having the extra space and kitchenette to store extra food for hungry teens. We shopped accross the street at the Fairway Market for food to keep on hand for breakfast to start our day and late night snacks when coming back in. The size of the rooms far exceeded our expectations.We arrived 1 hr prior to check in time and were given the keys asap. The whole check in process took less than 10 minutes which was outstanding. Our only minor issue was that we requested a &quot;higher&quot; floor when making reservations directly with the hotel but were only put on the 7th floor next to the elevator. We never did hear the elevator but could hear our neighbors next door. I woke up around 12 mid. to hear a bag rattling thinking the wife got up during the night and it was the lady next door. The walls were not insulated well. The suite was extremely clean and the house keeping staff could not have been better. It was the 1st hotel we have ever stayed where our room was cleaned by 10:00 and we had the same cleaning staff. They were very friendly and accomodating when we asked them to leave extra towels and provisions.The only other small issues we had were 1st the air conditioning, there is a sign noting it shuts off when you leave, certainly wise for energy savings to the hotel, but it doesn't seem to turn on until you come back in. It was always a little stuffy when we came back.. It did cool down fairly quickly. I think it may have been sensor activated. The other issue, there was no fan in the bathroom which we found odd since the whole place was recently renovated. All in all it was a great place to stay, mainly due to the cleanliness and short walk to the subway. If you took the express train, it was only a very short ride to Time Square and other tourist attractions. It was also in a great neighborhood where we always felt safe walking at night. We would definetely stay here again.	
Jul 13 2009 	Simply Brilliant	I travelled to NYC for the first time in June with a friend to celebrate our birthdays. We stayed for 10 nights at the Hotel Beacon and it was simply brilliant. The rooms have recently been refurbished and are lovely in an understated way, very clean, relatively spacious and have a well equipped kitchenette - we had breakfast most mornings in our room. The beds are very comfy. Our room was very quiet and had a magnificent view (the hotel had kindly put us on the 22nd floor given the nature of our visit and its duration). Housekeeping were very attentive and only too happy to bring anything additional you needed and in a very timely fashion. The bathroom is very small but was adequate for our needs and again very clean. Only gripe with the room was the aircon - didn't seem to very efficient as it cut out regularly and was quite noisy - this did interfere with sleeping on a couple of evenings. Hotel also has free internet for guests which we really appreciated as we were able to converse regularly with our hubbys and kids via email.The hotel's location is fantastic - much quieter than midtown because you're some distance from Times Square (this was one of the reasons we chose this hotel!), Short walk to Central Park and absolutely brimming with restaurants, diners, cafes, bars, grocery stores frequented by locals, not just tourists. All the major attractions are easily accessible via the subway which is very close by, taxi or walking (we walked to Times Square regularly - took about 25min). My only gripe with the hotel, and its only a small one, was with the front desk staff. With the exception of the gentleman who checked us in who was polite and provided us lots of useful info, the remaining staff were certainly not friendly and not very helpful when you needed assistance or information. A smile goes a long way guys.... We also found the night concierge to be too pushy in terms of trying to sell tickets, tours etc.. At times we were followed to the lift!! We booked everything we did directly with the tour operators, bus company, theatres etc.. easily and for a lot less than what was being offered at the hotel (assume the markup was commission but it was hefty!).Generally speaking though this hotel was brilliant for the price, very good value and in a superb location. Will definitely be staying there again when I next visit NYC.	
Jul 11 2009 	Best value I've found in NYC	NYC hotels tend to be overpriced but The Beacon offered a surprisingly nice 2 room suite for less than most hotels of lesser quality charged for a regular room. The suite was clean, modern (flat screen TV, internet, etc) and even had a small kitchen area.Note that the hotel is on the Upper West Side so one needs to travel a bit to get to where most things are &quot;happening&quot; in the City. The subway is close by, however, and cabs are easy to find right outside the door.Only complaints were that we needed to book a car to go to New Jersey for the day, the hotel tried to get us to use some outrageously expensive car service. We got wary when multiple people came to find us to say that the price we were offered was &quot;very good&quot; and ultimately got another limousine service to do the same run for half the price. Also, the concierge was not particularly helpful - I got a lot further using the internet to do research on my own.	
Jul 7 2009 	Very nice hotel. Basic services. Quiet Mid town location.	Hard to fault. The Beacon is a good quality, well located, 4 star property in mid town NYC. The price was reasonable and the rooms very clean and of a high quality. The staff were very hands off (which I actually like), but if you want hotel employees tending you hand and foot, go elsewhere. Only two small gripes. The A/C unit in our room (#1314) was VERY loud (and we needed it in July!) and the woman on front desk did not know very much about how cabs operated between the hotel and airport (would have thought this would be a very common question). For the record, they have a fixed fare, not meterted! It's proximity to 72nd street subway is great as it allows easy access to downtown, but is far enough up town to be a bit more chilled at night than Soho and the like. If I had know in advance the association with the Beacon Theatre I might have also gone to a concert next door!	
Jun 29 2009 	Very Pleased with the Hotel Beacon!	I stayed here for one night recently because my sister got married in Central Park. The hotel let us check in early so that we could have time to prepare for the wedding. They were also able to give us all of our rooms on the same floor. The room was very clean, comfortable, and had great views of the city. The decor was simple but very nice. The bed was very comfortable, I slept great! I had a standard room but my sister had a suite that had a large and lovely terrace with several tables overlooking the city. The hotel is in a convenient location on the Upper West Side close to lots of restaurants, bakeries, shops, etc. Just an FYI that there is no restaurant, bar, or room service at the hotel but they do provide you with lots of dining options nearby as well as places that deliver. The rates here are very reasonable and I would definitely recommend this hotel for someone looking for good rates and a comfortable, simple place to stay.	
Jun 20 2009 	Excellent location good rooms and service	It's right opposite Fairways on Broadway, where you can buy breakfast and eat in the evening. The room was divided into a sleeping and living area with a tiny kitchen with a fridge and gas cooker. (It was probably two rooms in the past.) They had to fix the gas cooker for us, so they gave us a bottle of wine for our trouble. Wifi not free, but the $9.95 price was reasonable.For its location on Broadway, the hotel was remarkably quiet, and it's near the subway and cross-town buses. You can walk to the Lincoln Center with ease. Definitely not cheap, but the rooms are fairly spacious, and I'd definitely consider staying there again.	
Jun 19 2009 	no free internet	I guess I missed the fine print somewhere; you have to pay $9.95 a day to access the internet. The other hotel I was considering for an 8 night business trip offered free internet. Plus they did renovate the rooms, but the bathroom is a joke; the door hits the toilet when you try to open it so they carved part of the door away! And it still hits the toilet; the toilet paper holder can't be reached from the toilet unless you have unusually long arms.Check-in was a nightmare; when I made the reservation I asked if it would it be a problem getting a room by 12:30, 1 p.m. since I was bringing several laptops, luggage etc. I was told, no problem. I sat in the lobby for three hours waiting for a room; each time my husband asked, the same clerk said nothing was available yet; but we saw group after group get checked in; that clerk went on break, my husband went over again and we had a room in 5 minutes.The neighborhood is great. And we have stayed here about 8 times over the past 10 years and always loved it.But I am angry about the HIDDEN internet fees and I've never seen such a poor layout of a bathroom.	
Jun 18 2009 	Trip Advisor Does It Again!	I stayed for 8 nights at Hotel Beacon last month. I chose it based on high ratings with Trip Advisor and also recommendations from two different friends. It was great, an absolute gem on the Upper West Side. I don't like to eat out often when I travel alone, so I loved having a little kitchenette -- and right across the street is Fairway Market, a huge gourmet market open until the wee hours. The hotel's staff were friendly and helpful; the housekeeping was good; the bed and linens were sumptuous; the room was clean and spacious for a NYC room. (It has been recently renovated, and very nicely.) The view (across Broadway to the magnificent Ansonia Building) was so great that I took a picture of it for my cell phone wallpaper! Location is EXCELLENT -- fairly quiet at night, in a safe, friendly, great neighborhood. Only 2 blocks from subway, 3 blocks from Central Park, very short walk to Lincoln Center, and stores of every kind fanning out around you.	
Jun 18 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	Stayed at this Hotel For A week its on broadway close to Central park shops and lots to See around the area. Rooms are a good size and beds very comfertable with the comforts of home Including Flat screen TV Internet and very quiet in the Rooms. There is a Market just over the road and good resteraunt next door and Theatre the other way. Good service in hotel and allways help point you in right direction to were you want to go. Close to anything you need on a holiday and many restaraunts and diners close also. 5 Star	
May 30 2009 	Brilliant	We arrived in New York on a wet night in late April 2009 after a long flight from Melbourne Australia and approached the front desk of the Beacon with some trpidation; afterall we had read all the horror stories about hotel rooms in New York. But WOW what a surprise; we were greeted by a cheerful receptionist who quickly organised our bookings and we escorted to a suite on the 20th Floor - when booking we had asked for a room high up to avoid noise. The bedroom was huge and the separate sitting room with kitchen was also large. After staying for 5 nights we were sorry to leave the Beacon - everything was far above our expectations; the location is great a few minutes stroll form the underground and Central Park with museums in easy walking distance; just across Broadway is &quot;Fairway Market&quot; where we were able to buy all our supplies when we ate in; the cafe next door served a great breakfast.If we ever return to New York we will head straight for the Beacon!!	
May 25 2009 	Great beds!	Stayed at the Beacon for six nights to attend my daughter's graduation from Columbia Law. It was everything the positive reviews have claimed, and more. Our king size bed was incredibly comfortable, which I really appreciated. Having a kitchenette was a huge plus. And the location was perfect; we were able to walk to lots of midtown sights, while enjoying the relative calm of the upper west side, and the cab ride to Columbia was only $7. My mom was using a wheelchair, and Beacon staff were really kind and helpful. Our only real problem occurred when the Airlink van, which was arranged by the hotel concierge, arrived to take us to the airport. Although I had specified the number of people and bags we'd have, they sent a van that was too small, creating a glitch on our last day. In future, instead of using Airlink, I would make my own arrangements with Carmel Car (who had picked us up at JFK upon arrival and were great) or with the Super Shuttle. Airlink seemed convenient because the concierge works with them, but they were a big disappointment.	
May 23 2009 	I Love The Beacon	The Beacon is in a residential area in the Upper West Side, surrounded by tree-lined streets, shops and great restaurants.We stayed in a 1 bedroom newly renovated suite and were impressed with the size, especially the lounge room and not 1 , but 2 closets, so we had 1 each for our clothes. We also had a fully equipped kitchen, and 2 large TV's with about 200 channels, newspaper delivered daily, and very comfy bed. Over the road is Fairways deli-supermarket, with a huge selection of fresh fruit and vegies, hot meals, Bar B Q chooks, pastries, pies, quiches, gourmet shelf lines and deli items. The Beacon bottle shop is excellent, and I found several preservative free wines, which is more then I can at home in Sydney. There is free internet access in a little room off the lobby, which is always a plus with me.As it was my first visit to New York, I was a bit concerned, as I had heard people could be rude or abrupt, but I did not encounter this anywhere. The staff at the Beacon were always smiling and friendly, from the doorman, front desk, concierge to the lady who made up our room.We bought ourselves $25 7day subway passes, and were given friendly assistance by the man at our local 72nd street subway, and a business man who showed us the way to the correct platform, and where to get off the train. Outside the subway a mass of pink tulips were in full bloom. Over 5 days we explored Manhattan with our passes, and found the subway fast and safe.Central Park was only 2 blocks away, so we spent several hours there, but did not see half of it as it so huge.The Manhattan diner about a block away had some great lunch time specials, and the meals were HUGEI would definitely return to the Beacon, and would recommend it to families for the extra room and the cooking facilities	
May 18 2009 	One of the best values in NYC	I've been here two times and love everything about the Beacon. It feels like a true NYC hotel, with its old elevators, some residents and their dogs, and a location that can't be beat.The fully equipped kitchen is a bonus and their recent renovations are tasteful, on par with the latest look in small luxury hotels.My only minor complaint is they haven't taken the extra step of upgrading bed linens, still maintaining the old blanket-style coverings and lower grade pillows/sheets.I feel like a true New Yorker instead of a visitor when I stay here - very comfortable.Even though we are on a busy section of Broadway the windows and doors provide excellent sound insulation.Try the great breakfast at Viand Cafe next to the hotel, fresh eggs, OJ, HOT coffee, homefries, and toast for less than $6.Zabar's is 5-6 blocks north and Fairway supermarket is across the street, both outstanding places to purchase goodies to bring back to the hotel.Beacon is within walking distance of top shopping and restaurants, and a 2 min walk from the restored 72nd street subway stop, which connects you anywhere in NYC.	
May 11 2009 	Great choice for New York stay in the Upper West Side	We loved this hotel. The location is FANTASTIC, just across the road from a market, close to subway, walking distance from Central Park. The room itself can only be classified as a &quot;suite&quot;, we had 3 closets (one fit all 5 of our suitcases) a bedroom, small lounge and kitchen. Kitchen could have had more utensils and crockery but that is a common complaint amongst all hotels.All halls and elevators were clean and lovely. We didn't experience too much noise from traffic or other guests.There was one lady, who cleaned the rooms, who had been at the Beacon for 30 years - she was an absolute delight to speak to. Everyone was very friendly.This hotel greatly contributed to our delightful New York stay.	
Apr 24 2009 	I LOVE THIS HOTEL!	They had me from &quot;Hello&quot;. The lady who booked my room was an angel! From the moment I walked in the lobby, I was impressed. Booking online can be very scary, especially in NYC. So I called up and spoke with Dawn in reservations. She was so nice! They say New Yorkers are rude, well not so. These were the nicest people. From the front desk to the housekeepers, all lovely. Anyway, when i walked into the room, I thought there must be a mistake, I must have been accidentally upgraded to h-e-a-v-e-n! The room was nicer than the pictures online. I wish I had known the hotel is connected to the Beacon Theatre. I would have checked who is playing in advance and bought tickets for the show. Next time!All I can say is, this is my hotel now. I will never stay anywhere else in NYC.	
Apr 23 2009 	I Love this place!	I have stayed at the hotel beacon twice, once in 06, and once in 08. Both trips have been great. My first trip, the apartments had not been remodelled, but I still found my room very large, comfortable, and similar to any apartment an urban dweller would find as a comfortable home. My second trip, I was like, WOW!, new furniture, LCD tv''s, marble bathrooms.... I wanted to take it all home to my place in San Francisco. I really love the beacon hotel because of it's location, the size of the rooms, and the friendly staff. The best place to be for an authentic New Your experiance!	
Apr 14 2009 	The Place to be in NYC	The upper west side of New York City is a great place to love, especially with children. And the Hotel Beacon on 75th and Broadway is a great place to stay in NYC with Children. Away from the tourist areas of times square and the business areas of midtown, we stayed in a 2 bedroom with kiving room and kitchen. We shopped at fairway and Citronella across the street; and took a short walk to Zabars and H&amp;H bagels. While this wouldn't be considered a luxury hotel by any means, it was safe, clean, in a great location close to the subway, and we would stay here again. The diner on the corner delivers at a fraction of what room service would charge. And I am a hotel snob. But how could a family of 4 comfortable stay at The Plaza? Nope, Hotel Beacon for me. And a bargain at twice the price.	
Apr 9 2009 	don't count on sleeping on the sofa bed	master bedroom is fine - the rest is not as advertised: the sofa bed mattress is torture, the 'free' wifi and access to gym is not free and the staff was not very helpful with any requests/ questions. Location is good but other than that I would pass.	
Apr 5 2009 	best hotel so far	Best NY hotel i've stayed in so far. Good value for money, close to subway, shops, bars. Nice Neighborhood feel to the area. Felt safe at all time of day.	
Mar 25 2009 	Peakin' at The Beacon	King Suite was great, and I thought the price was reasonable for the location. It was great to have the kitchenette, even though it was a pretty tiny area. We went across the street to the Fairway Market to stock up on beer, coffee, and breakfast items. The bed was really comfortable. There is a diner right next door, and a Starbuck's across the street. 2 different ATMs within a few hundred feet. Overall a great experience, with a few minor drawbacks. We could hear everything the people in the room next to us said or did, and I'm sure they could also hear us. The bathroom was pretty small, and it was an a weird location right by the door to the room. The bathroom door was right beside the front door, and you could see right into it when entering the room from the hallway. But those were minor inconveniences, considering that the Beacon Theatre is next door, and so much to do in the area. I'm planning to stay there again next March.	
Mar 20 2009 	A Very Pleasant Surprise	Much better than expected! Had 3 queen beds (one being a pull out couch) for less than $300 a night with a full kitchenette and more than enough space and closets. A perfect location and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room did not have the expected iron but after calling the front desk, there was a gracious staff member at the door in minutes. Front desk was more than helpful with directions and providing us with several extra keys. Room was very clean, modern and comfortable. For the price/location/cleanliness, I would definitely recommend it for a stay in NYC.	
Mar 6 2009 	Cozy Elegance on Broadway	A great, quiet hotel on the Upper West Side. Our rooms were spotless, bright and modern. Staff was extremely helpful with neighborhood recommendations for eating and getting around. The kitchenette came in handy for stocking our own drinks and snacks. And with the spectacular Beacon Theatre literally next door we just had to step out one door and into the next to take in our performance. It truly did feel like a home away from home.	
Mar 4 2009 	Comfortable Hotel in perfect location has rooms with kitchenettes	My husband and I stayed in a suite at the Hotel Beacon for 7 nights. It had been recommended by fellow Australians and we were certainly not disappointed. Located on Broadway Upper West side near W75 Street, the hotel is a few minutes walk from the 72St subway and about 5 minutes walk from Strawberry Fields in Central Park. Across the road is the amazing Fairways Market which in our view is Deli Heaven!! Having our own kitchenette with full amenities was a real bonus although there is a good choice of restaurants and cafes near the hotel. The refurbished rooms are spacious and spotless with all mod cons. It was truly a home away from home with friendly helpful staff, good service and in my opinion well priced.	
Mar 4 2009 	The Beacon shines brightly!	What a pleasure! The freshly renovated, attractive &amp; comfortably furnished accommodations really do look like the photos on the hotel's website, but the photos do not show just how airy and spacious the bedroom of our suite was, the size of the walk-in closet (with window), how well-equipped the compact kitchen is (toaster, microwave, basic cookware, small range with oven, microwave, sink &amp; refrigerator). The bathroom, however, is quite compact, and the towels are not luxuriously thick.In addition to the closet space, there were ample drawers for the 3 of us; the large flat-screen TV was directly across from the sofa; excellent climate control, an ergonomic desk chair; and the iPod docking station was a nice touch -- all features, I might add, that were not to be found in the Sofitel suite in which I stayed 2 weeks later at twice the price. And, my friend reported that the sofabed was surprisingly comfortable. This is not a deluxe hotel with full-service amenities, such as a bar &amp; restaurant. But the immediate environs offer a variety of those &amp; food markets; a gym [day passes available to hotel guests at a discount] and a good wine shop are just next door; and the neighborhood, one of my favorites, delighted my out-of-town friends as much as I hoped. For those staying longer, there are also coin-operated washers &amp; dryers in a pleasant-enough laundry room on the 7th floor. Lastly, the staff was unfailingly pleasant, welcoming and professional. If I could afford it, I'd be tempted to give up my apartment to live at the Beacon year-round; I'm sure you too will be pleased with your stay here.	
Feb 23 2009 	My New Favorite Hotel	My friend and I selected the Hotel Beacon because it was next to the Beacon Theater. We had tickets for Leonard Cohen and the hotel location was convenient. We were pleasantly surprised with a great room. There were 3 closets; important if you travel with kids. The bedroom had 2 double beds and a TV. The living room/kitchenette contained a loveseat size sofa bed, a chair and ottoman, bistro table with 2 chairs, coffee table, TV on top of a bureau, fridge, sink, stove and oven, and cabinets. The bathroom was small but looked newly tiled in marble and was fine for us. The room was clean and the furnishings appeared to be on the newer side. Close by are plenty of places to eat in a variety of price ranges and the Fairway market across the street was an experience in itself. I will definitely stay here again even if I attending an event in mid-town.	
Feb 11 2009 	Great Stay on the UWS NY	Stayed here for a tradeshow and it was great! We were in one of the 1 BR suites and for the money, it was unbeatable. The kitchen, sitting room and extra TV were perfect. The room we had was freshly renovated and very clean. This is not a luxury hotel but has more of a NYC apartment feel in a WONDERFUL neighborhood. Right across the street from Fairway and Citarella.. you really can't go wrong! Staff at front desk helpful too!	
Feb 4 2009	Walk to the Metropolitan Opera	If you want convenience, quiet, and security far from the madding crowd, this is the hotel for you. Perhaps 15 minutes to the opera house by foot. Plenty of restaurants on the way, with several sweet shops available all night on the way back. The subway is close by. Plenty of taxis. Very safe neighborhood. Skip the deli next door for breakfast and seek out Alice's Tea Pot at 103 W. 73rd. If you are walking, be sure to pay attention to the intersection of Broadway and Amsterdam... easy to wind up unintended on the other. Our room was immaculately clean, with a kitchenette. (They even left a bottle of dishwashing detergent for our use.) Don't miss the Fairway Market across the street that must have the freshest and most diverse foods in town. If you want to cook your own meals, thereby saving loads of money, you could not ask for a better hotel. It's not the room that makes it special. It's simply a perfectly convenient spot to retreat from the New York hustle and bustle.	
Feb 1 2009	Third Stay Even Better	This is the third time we have stayed at the Beacon over an eight year period. Since our last stay the rooms have been refurbished and they look amazing. We had a suite with one bedroom, a sitting room, kitchenette and bathroom. The room opened onto an entry area with the bathroom to the left, and a large closet to the right which held the safe and was great for hanging coats and keeping shoes. The bedroom contained two double beds which we found to be very comfortable, a flat screen tv and a smaller closet. The sitting area had a couch, armchair, footrest, coffee table and another flatscreen tv. The kitchenette also had a small table with two chairs, a microwave, oven and full fridge. We had no issues with the room, only a minor problem of a leaking toilet. Housekeeping was good, we came back at the end of each day to a very clean and tidy room.Front desk staff were efficient, but never overly friendly. Hotel is in an excellent spot across from Fairway supermarket, close to subway stop and a few blocks from central park. We also ate at the restuarant above the Fairway supermarket. Also located next door is the Viand Cafe where we found the food to a bit more expensive than other diners in the area and the service a bit slow and unattentive. The best two meals we had whilst staying at the Beacon were at La Vela Italiana in Amsterdam Ave @78th st. Highly recommended!Overall we would recommend the Beacon to our family and friends who are visiting New York.	
Jan 31 2009 	Great Location	For first timers in New York fantastic location,very clean , close to subway , fabulous delis for fresh food, overall great place to stay.	
Jan 21 2009 	GREAT VALUE-BEAUTIFUL AREA	My sister and I went to NYC (her dream trip) for her 40th. The Beacon did not disappoint. With the refurb the rooms are excellent, great views, nice friendly Hsk staff the best location. Everything you could possibly need just outside the door, restaurants, market (for self catering) coffee shops. Quiet residential area, but only a few subway stops from all the action (or a nice walk) less than ten mins to Central Park and 1 street away from the beautiful but mainly overlooked Riverside Park.Highly recommended. We loved it so much we are going back this year.	
Jan 21 2009 	Location can't be beat!	I stayed two nights at the Beacon on a recent business trip. I would definitely recommend the hotel to those who are looking for a reasonably-priced hotel in a terrific location. On previous trips to the city, I'd always stayed near Rockefeller Plaza and hated the hotels there. The Beacon is a terrific alternative. It's a short walking distance from Central Park (about 5 minutes by foot to the Dakota) and conveniently located for bus or metro travel. The room is cheaply but tastefully furnished and the full kitchenette was a plus for me as I took advantage of all the epicurean markets along Broadway (definitely check out Zabars!) and had a marvellous breakfast in my room. The only downside, especially for business travelers, is that there is a $9.95 charge for wireless in the room. I remedied this by using the &quot;business center&quot; (a small, overheated, and claustrophobic room right off the lobby) that had free computer access and printing. The front desk staff and concierge staff were friendly and helpful. I'd definitely stay at the Beacon again.	
Jan 19 2009 	Had a great experience	We had a great stay at the Hotel Beacon. We had the two bedroom suite and it was extremely spacious (for NYC) and had been newly renovated. All the furnishings and appliances were new (and clean) and the beds were really comfortable. It was a great location for us, away from the bustle of Timesquare, but still close enough to get around really easily. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 18 2009	Love it but rates have hugely increased!	I love the Beacon--it's our home away from home in NYC. Nothing fancy, but perfect for our needs. It's clean, huge rooms/suites with kitchenettes, amazing location on the Upper West Side. Close to Central Park ( 5 minute walk), the subway is two minutes away, the wonderful Fairway Market across the street, Starbuck right next door for morning coffee, love it!My only complain is that 2 years ago, the hotel was rated a 1 1/2 star hotel. Now that it's a 2 star, the cost has gone up over 30 percent! Such a bummer! (Consequently it went from trip advisor advisor #16 in NYC to #53) I'm sure the accomodations in all of the City has increased, and it's still a pretty good bang for your buck.	
Jan 4 2009 	Just as expected	I used trip advisor to research this hotel and found reviews and information including photographs to be reliable. Our stay with a family of 4 for 8 nights was excellent. Overall staff were friendy and helpful especially housekeeping staff. The permanant residents of the building were friendly and it really contributed to our New York experience to chat to some locals. As mentioned in other reviews the markets were exceptional and we were able to get something delicious to eat even at 12midnight when we arrived. Good value.	
Jan 3 2009 	Nice stay little expensive	Nice place, Nice rooms bigger than regular NY hotelsI travel with kids , so place with TV and other ammenities good enough, nice rooms, just renewed, myabe a poor service inbathroom supplies, but nice, I think for the same price I paid i can book a room at the Waldorf, but little smaller room.By the hotel there is a Restaurant and good service and nearby area there is a nice places to dine out.Walking distance to NY Natural History Museum.	
Dec 17 2008 	Lives up to the reviews	I always use trip advisor reviews as a guide on where to stay and booked this hotel based on the good feed back on this site. On the whole the is a very nice hotel in a good location. Central Park and Time Sq are both walkable. Also after a long day of shopping and sight seeing it was nice to be uptown away from the traffic and beeping but still close to bars and restaurants. The beacon has a small, personal and boutique feel to it, even though it has well over 20 floors and is quite large. I prefer this compared to hotel which are so large you feel like a statistic. The evening staff on reception where up beat, friendly and helpful, where as the mangers in the morning where not. We stayed In a newly refurbished room which had a lovely design, was clean and fresh plus the maid service was good. Not sure I would be happy paying $240 per night for the old unfurnished style room, so well worth asking in advance which type of room you will be staying in.	
Dec 13 2008 	Boston girl	When I got to the hotel, there was a mix-up in the reservation date. The manager quickly and efficiently found me a room. Probably the last one in Manhattan. The room was excellent—clean and inviting. I won't stay anywhere else in Manhattan from now on.	
Dec 5 2008	Wouldn't atay anywhere else in Manahattan	Over the past ten years, we have stayed at Hotel Beacon four times and - having stayed at some other hotels - we would never stay anywhere else in NYC,The rooms are huge and very comfortable with a small but well-equipped kitchenette.It's a great location, stunning views to Central Park or the Hudson from the upper floors - don't forget to ask when booking because they do try to give you what you request; buses and subway within moments of the door - or just walk to Columbus, Amsterdam, Central Park, even Mid -Town.One particularly brilliant aspect of Hotel Beacon: Fairways foodstore directly across Broadway from the Beacon. a jaw-dropping selection of stuff to eat, including a hot food counter which makes eating in any restaurant a bit of a waste of time: grab a bottle of wine at the Beacon Liquor store, Korean chicken or something at Fairways then dine at your Hotel Beacon room window overlooking a million Manhattan lights. Unforgetable.Frankly at these prices there is no point in staying anywhere else, particularly if you fancy experiencing the rather attractive life of an Upper Westside New Yorker!	
Dec 4 2008 	Would stay again	For NYC, this place was great. Spacious room, good location, very smartly renovated recently, good service from housekeeping, reception/concierge adequate.Would stay again.	
Nov 19 2008 	Good experience	Well located, good facilities, very cosy	
Nov 16 2008 	Highly recommended	The Hotel is set in an excellent location near to a tube station. You can get anywhere you want to in NY via this for $7.50 a day. The Hotel has large, comfortable rooms &amp; is very good value for money. There is a Fairway supermarket right opposite, open 6am to 1am, which is really good value. Right next door to the Hotel is supurb diner, perfect for breakfast. I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel &amp; would highly recommend it.	
Nov 10 2008 	Great hotel loved the location	Staff at reception not terribly friendly or helpful but that and the fact that the 7th floor was still under renovation therefore no laundry facilities were the only negatives on our stay at the Beacon.  Location was fantastic everything you need within short walking distance. Market, liquor store, clothing stores, drug stores, nail salons and hairdressers everything. Close to 72nd subway 2 blocks back from central park. Felt very safe even out at night. Hotel itself recently renovated, we had one bedroom suite 8th floor. Bedroom had 2 extremely comforable double beds with plasma tv and ample closet space, living room and kitchenette again with plasma tv sofa bed table chairs armchair side table. Also closet space in entry with safe and room for 2 large suitcasses. Bathroom is quite small and does not have any sort of exhaust system so becomes quite steamy.Just to clarify unhelpful staff comment. Myself and two teenage children were arriving late from Vegas and our friend was travelling from Australia and would arrive first. As booking was in my name I had emailed hotel saying that our friend would be there before us giving her name and requesting that she check in on arrival and that I would finalise all details on my arrival, this was confirmed in return email by booking manager.When my friend arrived after over 24 hours from Australia Sat night Oct 18th she was told our booking was not for another week( male clerk was using check out date) after trying to talk to gentleman behind desk with no luck she was basicly ignored and sat down in lobby quite upset. She then tried Lady behind desk who quite easily found our booking and arranged things and explained to the guy what was happening, he then said to my friend &quot; ok lady dont have a heart attack&quot; . Personally I think that is appalling customer service and did not bother to converse again with desk staff for the week of our visit as no apology was given or offered. This did make our check in unpleasant but the rest of our stay was great. Would stay again and reccommend to other travellers.	
Oct 30 2008 	Excellent	The Beacon Hotel was a perfect choice for a couple with a 2 year old. Separate rooms and self contained kitchen made our stay far better than a standard hotel offering. Our 2 year old had room to move and we could watch a movie in another room without waking him sleeping in the other - impossible in hotel rooms.Staff were friendly and helpful. Location for us was excellent, with great little shops, restaurants and close to Central Park. I would definitely stay here again on a return visit and recommend to other travelers.	
Oct 29 2008 	Nice Hotel	The Beacon Hotel is just a short walk from the 72nd and Broadway subway stop (convenient). Check-in was friendly and prompt. The elevator was a bit clunky, but overall OK.The room (908) was located directly across from the elevator. The door was not particularly sound-proof, so we heard people coming and going all night. Fortunately, their were no big parties during our 3-night stay, so we slept fairly well.The room was acceptable and reasonably clean. The room had a nice flat screen TV that required some study before we could operate it properly. Internet access was $9.95 per 24 hours (reasonable speed) - I can't understand why hotels still insist on ripping off guests on internet access. Curtains blacked out the room fairly well. The bed was a &quot;double&quot; not a queen, but was fairly comfortable. We had a nice little &quot;kitchenette&quot; with microwave, sink, stovetop, coffee maker, refrigerator.The bathroom was OK. The toilet had a leak to the rear that was creating a rust spot. They were not cleaning the leaking area properly which made the spot evident. Shower had OK flow. The sink was located in the bathroom. No fan in the bathroom leading to a very &quot;steamed-up&quot; room &amp; mirrors after a shower.Check out was fast. Concierge was knowledgeable and courteous.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great stay at the Hotel Beacon Apartments	Having been to new york before and staying in various hotel we were aware of the good and bad. We were very pleasantly surprised with this hotel. The staff were extremely helpful and polite as you would expect of most Americans in the customer service industry and the diner next door was equally so.The hotel is fairly well located close to the action but away from the madness and with the 72nd street station only a couple of blocks away you can be down into times square very quickly. There is also a great grocery store right across the street called fairway market which stocks most of anything you need so it is easy to make yourself a snack in your kitchenette.The Kitchenette comes fully stocked with glasses,plates,cups and pans. It has a two ring hob, microwave, coffee maker, fridge and toaster and coffee and tea are provided. The room itself is very spacious and the beds are comfy.Overall the hotel is clean, well run and I would certainly go back.	
Oct 13 2008 	Retreat to the Upper West Side	We just got back yesterday after a four day stay here and really could not be happier. The hotel is a quiet (if New York is ever quiet) retreat from the bustle of the tourist areas.This hotel is recently updated in quiet shades of green and neutral colors. It has nice flat screen TVs and pretty dang comfy beds! It's clean with nothing scary in the bathroom! t's almost directly on the 1,2,3 subway line and you can get just abut anywhere from there. We sure did!We stayed in a one bedroom with two double beds in the actual bedroom and the living room had a pull out couch. The beds were great, not so much the couch, but that's usually true with any pull out! Yes, I said a bedroom, totally separate from the living area. It was great. They have other configurations too. You can have access to the health club for an extra $20 per person a day. We did not find this a necessary expense so I can't tell you anything about the club. The gift shop (or it used to be a gift shop) is undergoing remodeling and I'm not sure what the outcome of that will be. It was a vast empty spot when we were there. There is a theater right next door also called the Beacon but it is seriously in need of rennovation and is not open. All of the rooms have a tiny little kitchen with a smaller size refrigerator, a tiny stove with an oven, a microwave and a little sink. There is a toaster too along with dishes, a couple of cooking pans and silverware. This was very nice to have and we used it every day for breakfast rather than try and all get completely dressed and ready and then go somewhere for breakfast. There is a wonderful market (Fairway) directly across the street. It has everything you need and plenty you don't need but wil buy anyway!There is also a wine and spirits store on the corner and a decent restaurant right next door. There is a Lohman's across the street which was handy when my daughter forgot to pack her leggings. We just ran over there and picked up a pair for $6.99. Walk up the street and you are at a great bagle shop, H&amp;H. Be warned, they only take cash, but have an ATM right in the store! Central Park is also only a few blocks away. Big Nick's Pizza and Burgers is up the street a block or two. Good pizza, didn't try the burgers.The neighborhood is pleasant and we never felt unsafe walking in the area. The building is 25 stories and our room was on the 23rd floor. We paid about $380/night for this room. I thought it was a bargain considering the prices near Times Square, the size of the room and the fact that there was a kitchen. In fact, after spending time in the busier areas, I was really glad we chose to stay at the Beacon. Just coming up from the subway into the neighborhood was calming, especially at night. I liked it.The front desk at check in was nice. Didn't deal with them much after that. There is a Concierge but we didn't find them terribly useful. We weren't really depending on them for anything so that wasn't a big deal. Could be an issue if you really wanted them to do something for you. We could have caught them on a bad day too, you just never know for sure.Overall this was a great stay. I would not hesitate to stay here again or to recommend it to others.	
Oct 13 2008 	Good hotel value in convenient location	Hotel Beacon @ 76th and Broadway, Upper West Side. Lovely, very nice lobby, friendly and helpful staff, hotel is being renovated floor by floor. Our room and floor was newly done, spacious (by NYC standards), two easy chairs, plus a small desk type table with two chairs for eating together, large flat screen TV, very nice bedding, nicely furnished overall. Best feature: small kitchenette with all kitchen items plus microwave, sink, 2-burners, small frig. We didn't cook but if you were staying for extended period it would be very handy and save some $$$. Picked up stuff for breakfast, kept juice, water, etc. in frig. Well priced coffee shop next door. Worst feature: small bathroom, however redone in marble with pedestal sink; Didn't bother us as there was only the two of us. Overall reasonable, clean comfy accommodations for a good price. Good location near subway stop, bus at door, etc.	
Oct 2 2008 	Good Value	After scouring the internet and asking several friends who had recently been to NY, we finally settled on the Beacon Hotel. We were not dissapointed. We had a 2 bedroomed suite, which suited our needs perfectly (my daughter and I shared with my sister). The hotel is currently undergoing renovations (which hardly impacted our stay at all). The rooms are spacious by NY standards, clean and nicely decorated. The staff are friendly and the hotel is perfectly located. We would definately recommend this hotel, and if we were to return (as long as their room rates do not skyrocket), we would stay there again	
Oct 1 2008 	Super	My daughter and I have just returned from a four night stay in hotel Beacon. I booked the hotel on account for the reviews on this site and hoped for a refurbished room. We got a room on the 9th floor and this floor was finished. Alas the room was on the backside so the view was disappointing. But whatever, you are in New York and spent only a little time in your room, which was really excellent. King size beds and tastfully furnished and even a little kitchen, which we did not use, you can eat everywhere, but the refrigerator is nice for a cold drink.The neighbourhood is really nice, you stay among the residents and it is nice to see how the New Yorkers live in their really great appartments. When we arrived with the Super Shuttle (was not as bad as I read in the reviews) I was afraid the hotel was too far from everything (in 2000 I stayed in hotel Edison en Milford Plaza), but no, the metro is very nearby, and even walking was not a crime because there are shops everywhere. The staff is friendly but not over the top, (Americans are really excessive polite, we are not used to that in Holland. We think just being polite is enough) and the concierges are very helpfull.Midtown is the part of New York we liked fewest, very crowded. We liked the Lower East Side, Soho, Greenwich Village en East Village better. Less crowded and many nice little boutiques.If you have time enough take the L-train to Bedford av in Brooklyn, is is a long street with really nice boutiques and restaurants.But alas our trip is over, but when I visit New York again I will surely stay in hotel Beacon.	
Sep 30 2008	Recommended	My wife and I booked a week in August through Virgin Atlantic and chose the Beacon as it seemed to offer good value for money and had good reviews, and we weren't disappointed. Although our room wasn't the largest it was exceptionally clean and quiet with a superb kitchenette area that had all the equipment you could need. The room occupied a corner on the 23rd floor and the view made up for it's size as you could look out with a clear view to the tree tops of Central Park and beyond. Considering we were in the middle of a vibrant city It was all very relaxing.The staff are friendly and obliging and we could not find any fault. The lack of an onsite restaurant is not an issue as the Viand Cafe next door opens at 6:30 and shuts late. It has an extensive menu and provides breakfasts that will set you up for the day. If you were of a lazy disposition you could eat here all week and not finish the menu.Be sure to go to the Fairway supermarket opposite, it's everything a food store should be.	
Sep 27 2008 	Great Hotel - Would recommend it for everyone	I took my parents to NY to celebrate 50 years of marriage so naturally only wanted the best for them. We booked the hotel through our travel agent, after reading previous reviews first.The Hotel is in a very secure part of Manhatten. I was a little concerned initially about the location as on three previous visits i have stayed South of Columbus Circus, usually at hotels between 33rd and 50th. I thought I might have selected a hotel a little too far away from the main tourist attractions. However the transportation network is excellent. We were at Rockerfeller Centre within 20 minutes of stepping on the train at 72nd and Broadway....including walking time.We arrived at the hotel at about 2pm and alas our room was not ready. So we had to sit in the lobby and wait for 40 minutes. After a long flight that was a bit disappointing. However everything was uphill from there.My parents and i shared an room with excellent facilities, including kitchenette, living area, two televisions and a host of facilities we didn't actually get to use. Our room was facing broadway and i have to say that it was extremely quiet for the most part. There was, at times, some traffic noise, but to be honest, it was not too intrusive and did not affect our enjoyment of the holiday.The room has a safe which is almost idiot proof and secure. Our most valuable items - including passports, insurance documents etc - were placed there.The beds were perhaps a tad small for double beds. It was great for me of course as I had one to myself. I think my parents could have done with a little more room.The room service was excellent. You are given the option of having your towels and bed linen changed every day, or to have them changed less frequently. This, I believe, is a concession to the more environmentally aware visitors.Opposite the hotel is a small market, ideally placed for visitors that want to do their own cooking. However there is a restaurant next to the hotel which serves excellent breakfast, lunch and evening meals. We used the market - after the first few days of finding our feet - to purchase our breakfast - cereal, milk and bagels. This was a lot cheaper than buying breakfast and is heartily recommended. The subway is three blocks away on 72nd and Broadway. From there the whole of the main tourist spots were accessible. My advice is to get a metrocard which will allow you to travel on bus and train alike.It should be noted that the front of the hotel had scaffolding due to some rennovation work on certain floors that was over-running. However we were not inconvenienced or affected by this work.The staff were friendly but not in our faces...None of this sometimes false 'have a nice day' stuff, but still good at anticipating needs. My advice is to use the concierge to flag down taxis and to provide advice about tourist haunts. We were too reticent to do this - it's a British thing alas - and missed out on some useful service and advice given to others. You can grab a subway map from the concierge desk. This is helpful..The hotel does arrange transportation to the airport(s). However the cost is a tad expensive when conpared with some other companies. If we go again we'll make our own arrangements and save some bucks! The service provided though by the airport bus arranged could not be faulted.The hotel was frequented by a lot of Europeans. We heard German, French, Italian, Spanish and I believe Polish spoken there. There were even a couple of Australians. So it has a mixture of people. In short, I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to all and sundry.	
Sep 11 2008	Fantastic!!	This hotel is a fantastic choice for anyone travelling to New York. Website photos do not do the rooms justice, they are being refurbished and the refurbished rooms are modern, clean and tastefully decorated. Front desk and concierge staff are extremely polite, friendly and accommodating and requests are honoured within minutes. There was never a problem with anything.Location was fantasticm, near an express subway - five-seven minutes from midtown. I can't speak highly enough about every aspect of this hotel. Very very happy and i recommend this hotel for anyone.	
Sep 7 2008 	can't wait to go back	can't say enough about the hotel beacon. had a one bedroom suite and enjoyed the extra room. stayed in one of the older rooms (not yet updated) but enjoyed it very much. looked out on to broadway across from the fairway market. i would get up during the night and watch out the window at the city and it was wonderful. the hotel was great. liked having the small kitchen to heat up our leftovers and store snacks. staff was great and kept the room very clean. it was quiet and the location was perfect. now the neighborhood. for my first time in nyc it was perfect. i felt safe and at ease getting around. the subway was close by and very easy to use. eveything i wanted was a close walk away. the fairway market was awsome and being open so late was convienent to cross the street for any late night snack stuff. the resturants in the area are all great and offer anything you want. the cafe' viand next door to the hotel is very good and the service was great. we ate breakfast there twice and really enjoyed the corned beef hash which i rarely find. central park, the dakota, and strawberry fields is a very short walk away. we went to ellis island which is a must see and did the 3 hr cruise around manhattan island which i loved. my boyfriend was born here which was an added plus as he knew where eveything was and how to get around. we hope to get back to &quot;the city&quot; soon and will be staying at the beacon when we do. (bill has stayed here several times). in nyc everything is expensive including the hotels and the beacon is no different, but for the size of rooms and location it's a great deal. the theater is being renovated and can't wait to try a show there when it's done. wish we could have seen the stones there.......we encourage everyone to give the hotel beacon a try....you won't be sorry.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great time in Beacon hotel	We have just returned from a week at the Beacon Hotel. We stayed at the refurbished room. The hotel is magnificent, the location was perfect. We stayed with 2 children and an infant, we had 2 big rooms and a full equipped kitchen - we loved every minute of it! Across the street from the hotel there is a big supermarket, Sturbucks and a diner - what else can you ask?	
Sep 1 2008 	Bit out of town but has good subway links and close to some good food outlets	The hotel Beacon was still being refurbished when we checked in on the 25th of August. Virgin informed me that the work was running behind schedule but would be completed by 31st of August - it wasn't and they still had floors 1 through 7 to complete. My husband and I went to NY with 6 friends and out of the 4 couples only 1 was initially give a refurbished room. We did complain and they were helpful and moved the rest of us on the following day. So when you book in if you're given a room on floors 1 through 7 ask for a higher floor. The lower floors are clean but very very tired and in need of quite a lot of work. Apart from that the Beacon is in a really good location and is situated between the 72nd and 79th subway stations so getting around NY is easy and cheap. A single trip being $2 on the subway. If you're planning to use the subway get a metro ticket as the most economical way to travel. If you want a really excellent, and cheap breakfast you must go to Big Niks - the décor leaves a lot to be desired but the food and staff are excellent. An excellent place for an evening meal is Niko's and if you tell then you're staying at the Beacon you even get 10% discount from the bill. The Vind Cafe is ok and right next door to the hotel - the foods good and plentiful but the service is dire and they add a huge service charge on the bill.	
Sep 1 2008	Great Location	We stayed for 4 nights at the Beacon Hotel in a 1 bedroom suite. It cost a little more but it included a kitchenette which we found handy. There was a great supermarket and handy food outlets accross the road. There were also several choices of basic restaurants around the area.We found the room to be clean, spacious and the bed extremely comfortable. The in-room safe was a little small so we had a slight inconvenience to place our laptop with the Concierge each day. All the staff were friendly and attentive when ever we needed to ask for assistance.We found the location terrific as it was away from the hustle and bustle of downtown but only a 5 minute walk to the subway which was a perfect way for us to explore New York City.	
Aug 30 2008 	Loved it! Will be back one day!	The photograph's of this place on the net do not do it justice. We stayed on the 18th floor in a newly renovated room which was absolutely lovely. As first timers to New York we quickly found out that it was a great neighbourhood to be staying in. Close to 72nd st station, the park, museums and of course, close to the theatre's. After a 21 hour flight from Sydney it was a very comfortable place to stay with everything in the room you could need. Can't wait to go back to New York. At least we know where we will be staying.	
Aug 28 2008 	Awesome worth every penny. Highly recommend the Hotel Beacon	I booked this hotel through www.booking.com.; and read reviews from others at TripAdvisor which cinched the selection for me. The front desk staff were warm and friendly and allowed me to check-in immediately, even though it was several hours before the stated check-in time. The concierges were helpful in steering me to the subway station and which trains to take to get me to my destinations. The subway is only a block and a half away.The room was impeccable, large, recently renovated and decorated in soothing colors and comfortable furnishings, especially the bed. It felt like home with all its amenities. I was really fortunate to be given a king suite rather than the standard king room I reserved. Perhaps because of the high floor the room was very quiet and the views of the city were awesome. It is an eco-friendly hotel which resonates with my choices for the planet. My only regret was that it was a one night stay. Perhaps the only thing they could add would be bathrobes.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great location in a great neighborhood - Our favorite!	My mother and I go to NYC for the US Open every Labor Day weekend and for 4 of the last 5 years we've stayed at the Beacon Hotel and now it feels like our home away from home. We love staying in the Upper West Side, it has great stores, great diners and restaurants and the charm you'd expect of NYC without quite as much commotion as staying in midtown Manhattan/Times Square. The Beacon is two blocks away from the 72nd street subway station which is extremely convenient and has both local and express trains traveling downtown, there's a Starbucks on the next corner, and it's very easy to grab a cab right out front of the hotel. The rooms are great, with nice views, there's laundry service available, and the staff has always been friendly.We're going back next week for our 6th year in a row and we can't wait to stay at the newly renovated Hotel Beacon! It's the perfect place to stay in NYC for a weekend getaway.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great Hotel	This hotel was in the best location, down the street from the subway, close to Central park and everything witin walking distance.I would recomend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay in the city, but not pay the price! This hotel was a great price for what you get. The best part was the kitchenet.The morning staff were a little bit on the rude side, (the check in staff) but the nighttime crew and HOUSEKEEPING (day and night) were amazing!!! I have never been to a hotel before (and I travel a lot) who's house keeping were to friendly! That is all I talked about how amazing our housekeeper was! Besided that	
Aug 16 2008 	Excellent hotel for family vacation	We stayed at the Beacon for 5 nights in July. We were so happy with our 23rd floor one-bedroom suite. The accommodations were clean, spacious (for 2 adults and 2 kids), newly renovated, and had a beautiful view of the NY skyline. We liked having 2 TVs, a fold-out couch for the kids, and a kitchen complete with dishes. Don’t forget your iPod because they have a docking station on the alarm clock. The Beacon is conveniently located across the street from the very large Fairway Market where we went to stock the full-size fridge in the room. The Beacon is just a few blocks away from Central Park and the Subway. Our family would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 11 2008 	Soon to be a gem in NYC	Arrived at the Hotel Beacon to a nicely presented lobby and a quick check in. Our room was on the 16th floor which had been refurbished (they started at the top of the hotel and are working down, it should be finished by the end of Aug) and was nicely presented with twin beds, kitchenette, bathroom, flat screen TV with tons of channels and wireless internet available at $9.95 for 24 hours.Its a great location with a good cafe next door (some of our party ate there a few times), a Starbucks on the corner, the Fairway market opposite (google it) and Central Park is only a few blocks away.The hotel is on 75th and on 72th is the subway station which can get you to Times Square in less than 10 mins, and only costs $7.50 for the day (you can buy the vouchers at the hotel desk).Overall a good place to stay in NYC.	
Aug 3 2008 	Nice hotel great surroundings	This is a nice hotel near everything. Subway is very near, and the foodmarket just on the other side of the road, Vaind cafe downstairs and many shops and banks near the hotel (Duane Read, Gap, The Body Shop, North Face, etc.) were a nice surprise.Rooms have certainly seen their better days, but they are quite big and convenient, a kitchenette is a good plus! Bring your own dish brush, if you use one. They have a dish cloth, but in Finland we usually use a brush rather than a cloth. They have some fairy liquid, though. Bathroom is OK, we had a bathtub with a shower.We also had a separate livingroom and bedroom. In bedroom we hade a small room for clothes, suitcases, etc. and two large (kingsize) beds, tv, etc. In livingroom we hade a sofa, tv, chairs, tables, etc.The staff is OK.Newspaper (US today) is delivered on your door step every weekday mornings (nice!!!).I recommend eating breakfast at the Viand cafe downstairs, it´s the best in town!	
Jul 31 2008 	Spacious and homey with some minor service lapses	Stayed here for ten days at the end of July while attending a conference in Morningside Heights. I had a one bedroom king suite; my wife joined me for the last three days.I was pleased upon entering the room to see that it was obviously newly-renovated. It was much nicer than the pictures on either the hotel's own website or the traveler photos here. The new rooms are in a kind of Art Deco style with earth tones predominating, and have (in the suites) two large flat-screen TVs.The suites are quite spacious and it was very pleasant to stay here for such a long time. The kitchenette (sink, fridge, oven and range, microwave) meant we could eat breakfast, snacks, and some meals in the room. There was a full service for four as well as pots, pans, some cutlery and a toaster -- none of which we actually used.Wi-Fi worked well though it was annoying to pay $9.95 a day for it as well as have to call down to the front desk every day to get a new access code.The neighborhood is great, not nearly as crowded or frantic as midtown but with plenty of shopping, restaurants, and the amazing Fairway Market right across the street.There were some minor staff lapses, some just annoying, one a little bit more so.1.) One day I was expecting both a Fed Ex and UPS delivery so upon returning in the evening stopped at the front desk to see if they had arrived, in order to save myself the trip back down from the 21st floor to pick them up. The front desk said they had arrived and to pick them up from the concierge. The concierge went back to check, said they didn't have them and sent me back to the front desk. Frustrated, I went up to the room, only to find that both packages had been left in the room already. Great service, but why couldn't the concierge have known that the packages had already been brought to the room? On another day, I got another Fed Ex and this time, the concierge left a voice mail for me to come get it. A little consistency would be nice.2.) When I checked in, I was surprised that they didn't swipe a credit card for incidentals (the room was a direct bill to someone else.) A couple of days later I sent some dry cleaning with the valet, and when I got back, there was a voice mail to come down to the front desk and leave a credit card imprint before they would release my suit and shirts.3.) Finally, the first few days the room was fairly warm and I noticed the air conditioner in the living room wasn't cooling. I asked at the front desk for someone to come fix it and no one came. The next day someone came, took the lid off, pressed a button and pronounced it fixed, but it wasn't. Finally when I insisted the next day, someone else came and actually looked at the guts of the air conditioner to discover the compressor wasn't actually working. He changed the compressor later that evening and since then it worked fine.But, I still came to consider the Beacon &quot;home&quot; and look forwarding to returning for another ten days next summer.	
Jul 30 2008 	Little Gem	Have just returned from a week's stay at Hotel Beacon and what a great hotel it is.This was our first time in New York and we really enjoyed our stay there. The room was very big I believe by NY standards and the bathroom too - I have stayed in far tinier places in Europe.We primarily choose the hotel for location and also the fact that it had a kitchenette in the room.The decor in the hotel is a bit dated and could do with a revamp but this didn't bother us.The location of this hotel is perfect - subway within less than 5 mins walking distance and a block away from Central Park. The neighbourhood is very nice and always felt safe. Loads of fab restaurants to choose from and then there is the Fairway market across from the hotel - just go in to see this place!!! Upstairs at night there is a steakhouse and it's very informal.There was complimentary newspaper every morning and the staff were very helpful.A great find and will definitely stay there again whenever I go back to NY and would highly recommend it.	
Jul 25 2008 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else now...	We stayed at the Beacon for 10 days right at the end of June. It was our first ever visit to New York, and indeed the USA. We had the taxi trip from hell (we were taken right over to the East Side, at rush hour from Penn Station, the driver thinking we were going to the Beekman, despite me giving him the address of the Beacon...) so we were a bit frazzled to say the least when we pitched up at the lobby. But right from our arrival we were impressed with the friendly manner of the reception staff. Our room was on the 18th floor, one of the floors that has already been refurbished. While we were there, work was progressing on at least one other floor, but we were only aware of this when the lift stopped to allow a workman on or off. No disturbances to report. I assume that all the rooms will be refurbished eventually.We were delighted with our room. We were lucky to get a corner room at the back, which meant fantastic views over to the edge of Central Park. It was plenty big enough, finished to a really high standard, with a huge bed, TV to match and a useful well-equipped kitchenette. We really can't think of anything to even mention as a downside. The hotel is well-situated, the area is a lot less frantic than midtown. It's an easy walk to Central Park and with a good selection of bars, diners and restaurants nearby. The Fairway market across the street is open from 6:00am till after midnight and has everything you could possibly want in the way of food and drink. Zabars deli and H&amp;H Bagels are a short walk up Broadway and 72nd St subway station is about 3 minutes away in the opposite direction, so great for getting around. I know this reads like a brochure for the hotel, but we really did find it that good - and we are fairly critical travellers not afraid to register our displeasure if things aren't up to scratch. We plan to visit NYC again within the year, and having stayed at the Beacon we wouldn't entertain the idea of staying anywhere else.	
Jul 23 2008	Go to a big chain not worth the headache to stay here	the Beacon Hotel is nicely furnished and has a nice location, unfortunately, the staff doesn't pay attention to any payment details. My credit ard was charged three times for our stay - I have traveled the world and have never experienced a problem with getting my 'hold' on my credit card released until this hotel. Go to a large chain that has the processes down pat, not a mom and pop place that can't address your needs because they are too small.	
Jul 13 2008 	Faded Grandeur	Went with my two daughters (19 and 22) and had a two room suite on the 24th floor. Not the most modern hotel I have stayed in, but there was masses of room, two TVs, a kitchenette and a view to die for, especially at night.Contrary to previous reviews, there is a restaurant which I believe is owned by the hotel, but has a separate entrance on the ground floor. Can also recommend the Manhattan diner just up the road for breakfast or a light meal, and there are numerous restaurants in the vicinity (a comprehensive list was provided in the rooms). For fruit and breakfast goodies, the excellent Fairway supermarket is just across the road.It's only a few minutes' walk to 72nd street station, where the fast line on the underground is only one stop from Times Square (about 4 stops on the slow line). You can also walk through pleasant tree-lined streets to Central Park in 5 mins or so (Lincoln Centre, Dakota building, Natural History museum, Strawberry fields). We even walked back through the park from the Metropolitan Museum of Art on the Upper East Side one evening.Would definitely stay here again - the price is very good for New York. Oh yes, don't use the Shuttle buses to JFK - the drivers were manic, drove with their phone clamped to their ear, piled the luggage up in the back so that you were in danger of being decapitated if they stopped suddenly, and moaned at us for being late when we were there an hour before their office told us to be ready!	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Stay at the Beacon	We stayed at the Beacon hotel for seven nights from June 17-24. We had initially booked a one bedroom suite but on check-in, the desk clerk looked at our family of four and upgraded us to a two bedroom suite for no extra charge. Our suite was huge and comfortable and quite clean. You just can't beat the space for the price. The staff was friendly and helpful. We really enjoyed the restaurant upstairs at the Fairway market. The food was great and really affordable - we ended up eating there several times. There is also a Starbucks right on the corner. I loved being in this area versus the much more crowded and commercial mid-town area.I actually had lived at the Beacon for a year back in the late 80's and they have definately done some remodelling since that time. We were on the 8th floor and it sounded like they were doing more remodelling on the floors above us but the noise was never intrusive. There is definately a lot of street noise (hey, it's New York) and we brought &quot;white noise&quot; machines which helped a lot with sleeping.The only negative experience was when we booked our return transportation to the airport through the concierge. he recommended we book a shuttle versus getting a cab since we were going to Newark. He told us, quite confidently that we would be the last stop on the shuttle and the trip would take about 45 minutes and so we had him book it for us. Well, when the shuttle arrived, the surly driver informed us that the Beacon is the first stop and the trip would take closer to an hour and a half. We ended up having to jump out in Midtown with all our luggage and hail a cab in order to get to the airport with enough time. It was no problem to get the cab driver to take us to Newark (despite what the concierge had told us). The fee for the shuttle was non-refundable so it ended up being quite expensive. It certainly seems like the concierge should have better information about this kind of thing.We would definately stay at the Beacon again (and just rely on a cab to go to the airport).	
Jul 7 2008 	The Beacon-not shining	The Beacon is in a great location, close to everything and the rooms are large and clean.My problem was with the hotel staff. We discovered a theft from our room and reported it to the front desk. They could not have cared less. They were loathe to take down details and it was only when we asked for the police to attend that they pulled their collective fingers out. They asked that they conduct an 'in house' investigation rather than get the rozzers in. We agreed but when we asked the next morning as to the progress of the investigation the front desk staff looked at us blankly and we discovered the details of the theft had not been passed on and zero investigation had been carried out. I have since contacted the manager and he promised me faithfully he would come back with an answer for me by guess what? Nothing.If you are thinking of going to NY then by all means go, its great town but avoid the Beacon.	
Jul 6 2008 	Wonderful Experience	The hotel is in a great location, near the subway and in a nice upper westside neighborhood. We chose it because we could have 4 in a room, unlike the mid-town hotels that I checked, that would only allow 3 per room. Great for families and very clean. Would stay again and would recommend to anyone - we had no problems.	
Jun 23 2008 	Fantastic - couldn't ask for better for the price..	We arrived into New York after a long stint holidaying in Europe.. and we fell absolutley in love with this city.The hotel Beacon is wonderful.. The price is great, the rooms are HUGE (in comparison to Europe), clean and tidy and it's in a great location on the lovely Upper West side, away from the tourism, hustle and bustle of &quot;Times Square&quot;.There was also a HUGE laundry with lots of washes and driers which makes that horrible holiday chore not so bad..Although there was no restaurant in the hotel, it definatley wasn't needed with Fairway Market Place across the road which stocked the most superb fresh fruit and vege and a wonderful selection of hot meals to go all at a rock bottom prices, even if you choose not to buy anything from here, it surely is worthwhile just to have a look. We figured it must be one of the best and cheapest places in town to grab something easy to eat as there was always a NY Police Department car or NY Fire Department truck out the front, a sure fire way to find a decent place - follow the locals! However there were many other different types of eateries just nearby. Central Park was just up the way and everything was relatively easy to access from the hotel including the sub.We are planning on going back to NYC in the not to distant future and we will be staying here again.... Thanks Beacon Hotel for making our stay in NYC a good one....	
Jun 15 2008 	Beacon was great for me	At that time I did my whole travelling stuff with the help of my travel agent. I almost got desperate when I asked for a budget hotel and she gave me WOOGOO and I read the reviews. After serching a little bit a after me getting a little ore flexible with the money she came up with the Beacon.I loved the hotel, the view from my high floor room, the size of the old comfortable room.The kitchen and the room were also quite clean and the room service was fine.I think the Upper West Side was a nice place to be in manhattan for the first time. Very pleasent, easy for nice breakfasts, like at Zabars, restaurants, etc. I have also developed a theory that the whole right side of the island is better for subway transportation(The Lexington line is as crowded as hell and kinda lonely over there in the far east!).The only negative aspect was the concierge lack of ability to solve an issue quiqkly when my car to the airport did not arrive at the settled time. But at the end I got the plane back to Rio, very happy with NYC and the Beacon.	
Jun 14 2008	Fantastic!	Stayed here in April 2005 for 2+2 nights en-route to Toronto/Niagara Falls. Booked through BAHolidays website in March 2005 and paid just £38/room/night - excellent value for money - could easily have paid the total price of this hotel reservation for one night in NY!. The Beacon Hotel is located in the much sought after Upper Westside, few blocks away from the sub-way into downtown manhattan and close to Central Park. Got a double queen room with equipped kitchenette for first part of reservation (was conveneint as there are good deli's and takeaways around). Got a king-size bedroom suite with kitchenette for second part of reservation. The hotel has internet facilities so you can check-in online and spend more time shopping before heading home!!!	
May 5 2008	Wonderful Value - Great Location!	My husband &amp; I just returned from a weekend in Manhattan and couldn't have been happier with the accomodations! The Beacon is just a block or so from the subway, 3 blocks from Central Park and right across the street from a WONDERFUL market. Since our room had kitchen facilities (including a toaster) we were able prepare breakfast in our room prior to heading out for the day. There's also a nice little Greek restaurant next door (very good AND reasonable) and a liquor store just a couple doors down. We will definitely return!	
Apr 26 2008 	What a treasure	As an hotelier I tend to be super critical of other hotels but I would have a hard time faulting the Beacon so much so that I will be returning next month.Tastefully decorated, spacious and clean rooms, friendly and helpful staff and a FANTASTIC market right across the street to stock up if you just want to chill out in your room and watch TV or get a late start with breakfast in your room!The location is ideal as it is close to everything you could possibly want to do in the Big Apple and there really is no need to take cabs as the subway is minutes away.I highly recommend this hotel and can't wait to return next month.	
Apr 9 2008 	Happy with accomodation	Stayed at this Hotel 9 years ago, and liked it then. It is on Broadway but a distance away from all the hustle and bustle of Midtown N.Y. I must admit I was a little wary of booking as I was informed the hotel was going through a refurbishment. But I neednt have worried, either it had been completed or we werelocated away from the work. I was a little disappointed to be on the 6th floor as I would have liked one higher, but it was ok.We were on the side of the hotel, which wasnt too bad.The rooms were clean and kept immaculate by the maid who changed the bedding and towels every day. We had tv which had lots of channels but who really wants to watch tv when in N.York.We travelled with Virgin Holidays and found out rep, who we met in Planet Hollywood to be very helpful,and not in the least pushy about booking trips. Which we wouldnt have taken as we wanted to do our own thing.I would certainly recommend the 'top of the rock' it was a wonderful experience and no queues whatsover. The staff were very nice and helpful. Which was totally different to the Empire State Building, we waited four hours, and when we actually got to the top half off it was roped off due to the wind. If we had been informed of this before, I dont think we would have bothered. I had actually been up before, but my Husband not.The diner next door was excellent for food, Opening at six in the morning and closing at 1 am (i think) Allthough at times some of the staff were not very friendly. Especially the girls the guys were fine and very well mannered. They also include the service charge in with the bill, which I think was quite naughty as we didnt realise at first and were tipping them again.The only grouch I have with theHotel, the reception staff were very miserable, and not friendly at all.However, I wouldnt let that put me off, and if I ever travel to New York City again, I would certainly stop there.	
Apr 6 2008 	Good value	We chose this hotel for its location and value for money. It was still very conveniently located being on Broadway but staying slightly further out of the centre meant that we got a good sized room by New York standard. The hotel facilities were fine and the staff very friendly and helpful, although we did have some noise from an adjoining room one night. Plenty of shops, coffee bars, deli's, etc. around and about, with Central Park close by and the subway. Would not hesitate to stop here again, recommended if you want value for money of a good quality and easy convenience for getting around and about.	
Mar 29 2008 	Outstanding!!	What a gem! I fell in love with the Hotel Beacon. It's meager star rating (due to lack of amenities I wouldn't use like an in-house restaurant or room service) does not do this property justice. I stayed in one of their renovated two-room suites on one of the top floors. I even had views of the Hudson River! I could easily have spent (and was prepared to spend) $500++ for a midtown hotel and not gotten as nice a room. My two-room suite was incredibly spacious, spotless and soothingly decorated. One side had a very comfortable living area with a dining table for four. The room also had a great fully equipped kitchenette with stove, refrigerator, and microwave. It was also fully stocked with plates, glasses and flatware, which I used for my take-out meal from gourmet grocer Citarella just across Broadway. There are other numerous dining options, including a great little diner adjacent to the hotel, Starbucks just a few steps away, plus plenty of restaurants of all types. Who needs a dreary hotel restaurant?!The bedroom side had a very comfy king bed, large flat screen TV with a bazillion channels of cable, and iPod docking station with speakers. The bathroom was small but beautiful &amp; functional. The all-cotton towels felt great, and there was a full array of &quot;emergency&quot; items in case you forgot your toothbrush, razor, or needed to mend something.All in all, my stay greatly exceeded my expectations. The Hotel Beacon is a fabulous value for Manhattan, right smack in a great neighborhood and convenient even for my business appointment in midtown. This is now my &quot;go to&quot; hotel in NY.Note: The hotel is currently undergoing renovations, which always makes me shudder because of the potential noise &amp; disruption. Don't let this scare you off. I can honestly say the renovations had no impact on my stay whatsoever. No renovation-related disruptions at all.	
Mar 4 2008	Loved the Beacon !	Just returned from 7 nights in New York staying at the Beacon. We had a 1 bedroom suite which was excellent. The kitchen is a BIG bonus in the Big Apple. Great size room, maid service every day - can't fault it. Position of Hotel fantastic - just outside of the busy Times Square area but near enough by subway (72nd) to get anywhere you want. Great value !!!!	
Mar 3 2008 	simple hotel clean good location couple of problems	I booked this hotel to have something convenient on the upper west side. It is a no-frills establishment, has the feeling of being slightly worn. A lot of reviews refer to it as a &quot;discovery&quot;, I think I read &quot;hidden gem&quot; and these lead me a bit astray.I arrived very late, and ill, and asked about room service (needed chicken soup). Got blank stares. Hotel doesn't have any such thing... oops. Good news is that there is a good restaurant next door that you can easily order up from so I got my soup, so perfectly fine by me.There was no real work desk, I couldn't set up my laptop easily. Hotel website says &quot;internet access&quot; is included in the room description. It costs $9.95, again no big deal, but I wish hotels would clarify if it is an added cost or not, I thought it was included.Room had very loud and not-very functional heating units. I had to wear earplugs. I had a suite with two rooms, the bedroom wouldn't heat at all. Room did contain a microwave and minifridge, which worked out well for me because I ordered a lot of soup when I got in (I was really not well, had flu) and was able to heat it up in the morning. Rooms were clean, just had that kind of worn feeling. Bed, and bedding were kind of in line with a 2.5 star establishment. After two days I left with a bill for $600 and didn't feel that this was really good value. Location is very good, right on the corner of Broadway and 75th.Doubt I will return, there was nothing really huge and negative, just seemed to be kind of expensive for what was provided. I usually would stay at the Omni and to my recollection paid about the same for a much better place, so I would go back to this the next time.	
Feb 17 2008 	very run down but great location	We stayed at the Beacon for seven nights in April last year. At first we were quite pleased as the foyer was nice and gave a good first impression. The room, however, left a lot to be desired. As we were travelling with our 5 and 7 year olds we booked a two room suite. It had two rooms and we chose to sleep on the fold out sofa bed as it was in the lounge area and it meant we could watch tv once kids had gone to bed. The sofa was incredibly uncomfortable and as a result we both had sore necks during our stay. The decor is very old fashioned and, although it was reasonably clean, it just didn't feel ''nice. The lifts were probably the worst thing about staying there as they were undergoing maintenance (apparently had been for some months!) and were very slow. More often than not we'd walk the ten floors to our room rather than wait. The staff were quite nice most of the time and the tour desk was great. NOW, so I don't sound like all I do is whinge, the location is great. There was nothing cooler than getting a cab and saying &quot;west 75th and broadway thanks'...so New York! lol It is a short walk to Central Park and Strawberry Fields, the subway and there is a big international market directly opposite. This was great, as our room had a kitchenette, we bought breakfast supplies/drinks, etc and kept them in our room. The cafe next door to the hotel is great for breakfast with friendly service. We just decided that in New York you are going to pay huge amounts of money for very little in terms of ''çlass' . We did pay a lot less than we would have done had we stayed in Times Square or the like. However, it did little to detract from our New York experience on the whole. Would look elsewhere if we were to return.	
Feb 7 2008 	Mixed feelings	We stayed at the hotel, which was recomended by the family hosting a wedding in NYC. The price was good , the room was large by NYC standards. The location was excellent, safe and convenient. The diner/cafe next door is fabulous. The walls were super thin, however, and the door had visible gaps all around it, so all interior (not street) noise from neighboring rooms and hallway were unacceptably loud.We could barely sleep. This is a physical plant issue-nothing can really be done about it. Also, the bed &amp; bath linens as well as room carpeting were really shabby. I know this is not a top price hotel, but they were beyond sad. The carpet had huge fraying and ripples, chair had scary stains, threadbare towels at times. The kitchenette feature, though, was great and very clean. NYC is a tough place to find a well priced room. Bring earplugs and reduced expectations of linens and your stay will be OK, especailly if you eat at Cafe Viande and order the pesto omelette.	
Jan 21 2008 	A relief to have a kitchenette and sitting room.	We did a 4 week tour of the USA over December/January 2007, with 3 older children (girl, 22, boy, 19 and boy, 18), going to San Francisco [Omni Hotel], Miami (South Beach) [Beacon Hotel], Orlando (Disneyworld, Pop Century Resort), Chicago [Drake Hotel], New York (for Christmas) [Beacon Hotel – no relation to the one in Miami], Boston [Omni Hotel], New York (again) [Roosevelt Hotel] (including New Year’s Eve at the Renaissance Hotel overlooking Times Square), and a day trip to Niagara Falls. It was sometimes very cosy - sometimes downright stressful - with the kids.Anyway, here are my accommodation reviews. I’ll mention side trips and tours too. Sometimes the accommodation was arranged through a travel agent, but on a couple of occasions I organised it direct. We spent 6 nights at the Beacon Hotel in New York, including Christmas Day. We actually saw this accommodation favourably reviewed in a travel article in our local Sunday paper, and made enquiries direct as a result. It’s located on Broadway on the Upper West side.We had a 1 bedroom suite, which was capable of sleeping 5 - there were 2 double beds in the bedroom and a fold-out couch in the separate living area. Ultimately, we took another double room as it seemed a bit cramped to have 5 of us there, especially over Christmas. Management arranged this on the spot, and conveniently, the room was immediately next door. The suite had a large living area and kitchenette, complete with large fridge, stove (hotplates and oven), cutlery, cooking utensils, crockery and glasses. Housekeeping was generally very quick with our requests for such things as extra towels, a sharp knife and cutting board, and a tray of champagne flutes.There was a TV in the bedroom, along with drawers, comfy chair, wardrobe and room safe, as well as the 2 double beds (quite a large room). In the sitting room, there was another TV on a chest of drawers, the couch, a desk/table and 2 chairs, a coffee table and 2 other end tables tables, lamps, and plenty of room for a trundle bed, which management provided when the fold-out couch was found to be broken (in terms of being a fold-out bed - it was still ok as a couch). The other standard double room had 2 double beds, desk/table and chairs, comfy chair, drawers, wardrobe, safe and a small kitchenette with hotplates, crockery, etc. The bathrooms in each were a reasonable size for New York standards. There was a large laundry on a floor above us, with coin-operated washing machines and dryers (great to be able to wash clothes properly after a couple of weeks on the road). Wireless internet was $10.00 per day. The hotel is quite old (most buildings are in New York), but don’t let this put you off.We were particularly happy to have the living area for Christmas (I even bought a small tree and had some Christmas lights). The kitchenette and large fridge were a delight after so long in ordinary rooms with a bar fridge (if you were lucky). The best thing was the huge market across the road, which served every kind of food imaginable (from fresh fruit to sushi, gourmet cheeses and olives to TV dinners). There was a liquor store next door too. This meant that you could be completely self sufficient in your room. We had all breakfasts, several dinners and even a lunch in our room. It was a relief from having to eat out every night (and day) - we cooked up pasta in our room instead.As far as the location was concerned, it depends what you want to be close to. New York is a huge city, so the Beacon is miles away from, say, Little Italy and Wall Street, the United Nations, the Guggenheim museum, or even the Empire State Building. Conversely, we walked easily to Central Park, Strawberry Fields and the Dakota, the American Museum of Natural History and even Columbus Circle. The subway was nearby, which is the best way to cheaply get around the longer distances (get a multi-journey ticket - dispatched by vending machines using a credit card on subway stations). Close by was a multiplex cinema with an IMAX theatre too. Like most big cities, you will never get a hotel in NY that is convenient to everything.As for tours, we got our money’s worth from a City Pass (valid for 9 days to see 6 attractions), and it saved us time when queuing for the Empire State Building. The City Pass included a boat cruise (Hudson River, Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, and the East River under the Brooklyn Bridge) which was well worth it. [Hint - trade your travel agent’s voucher for the book of City Pass tickets at a less popular attraction, where the queues are shorter. For instance, at the Empire State Building, there’s a huge queue to get your City Pass, then you’ll have to join the back of the queue for the building itself.] The Gray Line hop-on hop-off loops (open top double-decker buses) were good too (both of these were purchased through the travel agent before we left). We also did an awesome helicopter ride over Manhattan through Liberty Helicopters (the chopper takes 7 passengers plus the pilot) on Christmas Day, but that, as you can imagine, was hellishly expensive. The Empire State Building is a must, but I’d recommend the Top of the Rock too (the viewing decks at the top of the Rockefeller Centre). From there, you get a much better view of Central Park, plus you look south over Manhattan and see the Empire State Building too (which you can’t do when you’re atop it!). The big bonus is that, whilst it took about 2 hours to get to the top of the Empire State Building, there was virtually no wait to get to the Top of the Rock. We went mid-afternoon, and I stayed until the evening to get the sunset and night photos.The Beacon was a great choice, for the kitchenette and for it’s location across the road from the market. I’d stay there again, especially if I was in Manhattan for more than a night or two.	
Jan 16 2008 	excellent value for a 3*	We decided that this year we would spend New years eve in New York instead of sitting in front of the TV in Milton Keynes UK.Our travel agent select the hotel Beacon as part of the package and at first we were concerned that the hotel would be too far away from the areas we wanted to visit ie: Times Square and all the wonderful shops.Once we got our bearings we found that the subway from 72nd street only took about 10 minutes to Times Square and about 30 minutes to the ferry terminal for Ellis Island and Statue of Liberty and the walk up Broadway to Times Square or through Central Park to 5 Avenue only took about 30 minutes (I think we did walk faster as it did reach minus 12)We stayed on the 10th floor of the hotel with not much of a view but the room was a very good size with a king size bed. The Kitchenette was very handy as we was able to stock up daily from supermarket opposite.The rooms looked like they had recently been decorated and were very clean, with the maid coming in daily to change sheets and towels. We would recommend staying at the hotel Beacon if you are looking for a larger than standard 3* hotel to be used as a base for sight seeing and shopping.	
Jan 11 2008 	Great location	Great hotel-being a lone young female traveller i was terrified to discover i'd lost most of my paperwork-the staff allowed me to book in and spent a considerable amount of time and effort contactiong various agencies on my behalf whilst i slept the night away! they'd sorted everything by the time i got up leaving me to enjoy my trip!!  The room was nice and spacious and the kitchenett was extreamly handy-especially for heating the home cooked meals from supermarket across the road. also nice to be able to make a cuppa first thing. the room safe also was usefull. plenty of hanging space for all my clothes and the shower was great too!! i'm returning in a few weeks with and have now concerns about taking my young baby to such a great hotel i'll use no other in the city from now on! (i've stayed in far worse places for twice the price)	
Jan 4 2008 	Loved the Beacon Hotel NYC	I had a wonderful 6 night stay at the Beacon Hotel, New York City. Our room was a one bedroom apartment, great size and the kitchenette was a bonus (complete with utensils, crockery and full size oven and refrigerator). Very clean and spacious. Front desk staff were friendly, and the concierge was very helpful as well. The location was great, straight across from a supermarket, next door to a great cafe/restaurant (the salmon raviolli is great) and a Starbucks, banks/ATM's and shops are all close by. Within walking distance to Central Park (a must!) and the American Museum of Natural History (a great place to visit)Also the subway was just a 2 minute walk, giving us access to all the major sites and attractions.The Beacon Hotel felt like a &quot;Home from Home', I would definately stay here again, without a doubt. Loved it.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great hotel in a great Manhattan location!	I really enjoyed my stayed there! The hotel has oversized room and suites that are perfect to travel with a family. I was travelling with my family (2 adults and 2 young kids) and I reserved a suite who was perfect for us. The suite was large with a kitchenette. The hotel location (Upper West side) is great with many restaurants, central parks, natural history museum and stores at walking distance. It's a one minute walk to the subway station who go directly to Times Square (express line). I personally prefer this location where real New-Yorker leave. I’m not a fan of Times Square area hotels; too crowdy and noisy with expensive restaurants (and not good!) dedicated to serve mainly tourists visiting Time Square. The restaurant of the hotel is OK for a quick meal or breakfast (you will need to go out the hotel to access the restaurant - no direct access from the hotel lobby). The hotel have no parking; in this area the cost for parking is $47/day; it’s NYC….	
Dec 16 2007 	Hotel Beacon Great Neighborhood	We stayed in 2 bedroom 2 bath suite for a long Christmas holiday weekend. We had a beautiful corner suite that was spacious and had 3 flat screen TVs. They are in the process of remodeling rooms and we had one of the finished ones. So make sure you ask for a remodelled room, if possible. The staff and concierge were extremely helpful and friendly. We felt safe and really loved the neighborhood. The wine store is next door and the grocery store across the street. This is a neighborhood with real families and people living here. The neighborhood services are good because they are not catering to tourists -- there are plenty of delis, pharmacies, bookstores, etc. And just 2 blocks from the 72nd street subway. We loved coming back from the crowded Times Square and Broadway area. It was a quick cab ride/subway ride back home to the hotel. It was so comforting coming back to escape all the insanity. We felt very safe and welcomed back to our neighborhood on 74th and Broadway. We would highly recommend this hotel for girls weekend in New York or for families. You will like eating next door at the Viand cafe for quick service, reasonable prices, and good food. You'll love shopping at the Fairway Market across the street and buy fresh fruit, cheeses, baked goods, etc. You'll be shopping with the locals. The worst thing that happened is that the large plate glass windows were sort of drafty and it was a little cool in the bedrooms, but we all slept well !! Don't overlook this hotel! It's priced fairly and it's in a great location!	
Dec 13 2007 	much more than we expected	we travelled from England on our first ever visit to New York and really did'nt no what to expect. we had been told lots of stories about small hotel rooms, poor service and bad locations. So the 7 hour flight was filled with anticipation. when we arrived at the Beacon Hotel approx 10pm we were met by a very pleasant receptionist who appreciated the fact we had had a long day and provided quick service to get us our keys for the room. The room was very spacious for the three of us and we had a lovely night time and early morning view which you would have to pay much more than we did if this was back in England. There was housekeeping everyday which kept the main areas of the room very clean. The location was far enough from Times Square not to be affected by noise but not to far to get too approx 10mins in a cab which cost $7 £3.50 alternatively it is a very pleasant walk (if you like walking that is). central park was only 2/3 blocks away and there was lots of shops, diners (next door), restaurants, boutiques, nailbars etc surrounding the beacon hotel.Directly opposite was a large foodstore. next door to the hotel there is a theatre unfortunatley we were there at the time when they were all on strike. All my family enjoyed the 7 days we were there and would recommend the hotel to family and friends and hope to visit the hotel Beacon and NY next year.	
Dec 12 2007	Night From Hell	Night from hell!We went to bed at 10:00 PM and in less than a minute we heard a banging noise. The sound repeated itself from 2 to 4 times a minute for the next half hour. We then called the desk and complained. The desk told us that they would send up an engineer to investigate the noise. We waited about a half hour and no engineer. Another call to the desk and again we were told they would send an engineer. Another half hour passed and noise is still continuing &amp; no engineer. I decided to investigate the noise myself and discovered that the head of our bed is next to the elevator and every time the elevator moved it made a banging noise. So after an hour and a half of waiting for an engineer, we decided that a personal visit to the desk was necessary. I got dressed &amp; went downstairs. As I approached the desk with steam coming out of my ears, I said to the desk man “I am room 2304”! He responded with &quot;you look like someone ready to attack&quot; and he followed with &quot;Why don't we change your room”. I said “that would be a good idea”. We were then given room 919. The Rooms:I must say, the rooms were clean. However, furniture was old and worn. Small bathrooms with no exhaust fans. Small pillows. 19” Television remote did not work. 9th floor hallway smelled musty (terrible). Dangerous to stand in shower, no non-slip strips in bathtub, my wife slipped twice---once getting in and once getting out. If you call the desk for service “forget it”. Finally:The hotel should provide the desk personnel with a sport coat that fits. The poor man was wearing a jacket that had to be 4-sizes to small. It looked like the single button was ready to pop off. I wouldn't stay at the beacon if it was free.	
Nov 30 2007 	Comfortable accessible AND affordable in NYC!	Hotel Beacon is in a great location for a short walk to events at Lincoln Center. The neighborhood also offers plenty of shopping, running the gamut from Barney's to Loehmann's. Our room was unusually spacious, comfortable and well-equipped ; the bathroom tiny but clean. In addition, you have a little kitchen with sink, fridge, stove, microware, coffeemaker, toaster, dishes &amp; cookware,...everything needed for an extended stay. (There's also a coin-operated laundry in the hotel). Just next door is a cafe (sort of a Greek diner) which offers free delivery and reasonable prices for good food. The Hotel Beacon staff was very professional and friendly, and the hotel rates can't be beat for New York. We highly recommend it.	
Nov 27 2007	Yes if you want space No if you want tourist location or style	The prior reviews are all pretty much on point. The review posted by &quot;504&quot; on 11/21 was right almost word for word, shabby window treatments, carpets, wallpaper, etc. Another poster described the stuff as &quot;faded.&quot;All true. It depends on what you want. For us (a family of 4) the one bedroom suite was by far the largest space we stayed in: thebedroom was around 12 x 14 and the living room was probably 12 x 20 -- huge by Manhattan standards. (see pictures) But the place was a little worn. We're used to Marriott's and this was a couple of grades below that.Location: this is not a tourist area; its more a neighborhood. I don't think theres much to do in Times Square (not into plays, ESPN, etc.) so I prefer not to stay there. This is an exiciting neighborhood with a real urban feel to it and just walking around is fun enough. The hotel is 2 blocks from the 72nd express stop on the Broadway line so its easy to get most anywhere, although at a fare of $2 - the $8 fare for a family of 4 adds up. Cab fare to the Chelsea galleries should be around $14; Canal Street should be about $18. If you want this neighborhood with some style try the On the Ave hotel 2 blocks north: more expensive and much smaller but very modern rooms.Food store: Best and cheapest is to shop in Fairway, the huge (by Manhattan standards) supermarket across the street or its better competitor 2 blocks north same side of the street. All the normal stuff in both stores plus tons of cheeses and prepared gourment foods. Worth a look even if you don't buy.Restaurants: Amsterdam and Columbus (the two street parallel to and east of Broadway) are loaded with restaurants -- walking and looking is fun by itself.Fast Food: The two pizza places north of the hotel on the east side of Broadway were (surprisingly for NY) mediocre to bad. If you want pizza, Little Nicks (2 blocks north, west side of Broadway) was outstanding. Gigi's, about 5 blocks south, west side of Broadway, had delicious quessadillas, and the Jewish deli (3 blocks north, east side of Broadway) was mediocre to good and a little expensive for fast food	
Nov 21 2007 	Hated it	I don’t understand why all these good reviews?We stayed at the hotel for two nights and paid $740 – this is no bargain! For that we received very spacious accommodations, and that was the only good thing about it. The wallpaper was peeling of the walls, the carpet was spotted and buckled off the floor, the bedspread had cigarette burns on the inside, the sheets were the cheapest, and the pillows just pitiful, the window treatments were heavy and gloomy. Yes, the location was good but so are most hotel locations in the city. We will never stay there again.	
Nov 19 2007 	Beacon is great	I booked the Beacon because of its location, price and great reviews on Trip Advisor. It turned out even better than I expected. We stayed three nights in mid-October, a very expensive time to stay in New York. I would definitely stay here again even if I could afford a &quot;better&quot; hotel. The service was fantastic. The room was clean and large by New York standards. The location was absolutely fabulous, so close to food, shopping, transportation, the park, etc. The rooms are in need of an update, but considering that everything functioned properly - windows open, air conditioner worked, plumbing, safe and elevator, I'll take shabby over chic. I've stayed in chic hotels in New York and stuff did not work, the rooms were so small you could touch the walls with both hands, and the service was yucky. So, the Beacon is it for me from now on!!	
Nov 19 2007 	Loved the location	This hotel is in a great location, so close to the subway, walking distance to central park and some of the museums and surrounded by lots of cafe's. We enjoyed Gray's Papaya Hotdogs which is just down the road too. The staff weren't overly friendly but the conceriege was. They have good laundry facilities which is helpful when you're on an extended holiday. The room was large, great shower, and the kitchenette came in handy. The beds were comfortable too and the hotel was very quiet. We would stay here again.	
Nov 19 2007 	Perfect Location	Hotel Beacon was in a fabulous location for seeing all things in NYC. As other reviewers have said, it has great access to the subway and is in walking distance to Central Park. The rooms are clean and have a great lay-out. Having the kitchenette proved to be a great benefit for breakfast! Also, the Fairway across the street was very convenient.I also found the staff to be very helpful. Our flights were delayed and we didn't arrive until the next morning but were able to go right to our room at 8am. Also, our flight out was late in the afternoon and we left our bags with the concierge with no problems. I would highly recommend this hotel to any traveler looking for convenience, great ambiance and a reasonable price tag. I'm definitely booking this place when I go back next year!	
Nov 10 2007 	Great value Upper West Side hotel	The Beacon Hotel is a bit faded and not great with on-site facilities. Its location is excellent and there are heaps of coffee shops and places to have breakfast/ dinner right on the doorstep. I've stayed at the hotel three times now and each time I've been happy with service.The hotel is very near the subway and in easy walking distance of the Lincoln Center and Central Park. Although it might not be in the centre of midtown and so not be an obvious choice for a first time visitor to New York, I'd recommend it to anybody seeking comfortable hotels on a reasonable budget in New York.Last time I stayed there, I was upgraded to a suite (pictures attached) but the standard rooms are big too.	
Nov 8 2007	Just right	This was such a good location, minutes from Central Park - Strawberry Fields area and near subway so you could get anywhere !!!Rooms were clean and although light wasn't working when we checked in it was fixed in 5 minutes !The supermarket was an added bonus I have never seen anything like it - fascinating and we had two good meals at the cafe attached to the hotel, real good value.Surrounded by shops and plenty to see to take in the atmosphereI would recommend this hotel to anyone on a leisure visit.	
Nov 5 2007	Bedroom sitting room kitchenette and easy shopping	We visited from the UK on a Virgin Holiday. This is an ideal hotel for families who prefer self catering type arrangements to luxury waiter type hotels. We stayed at Park Central Hotel on 7th in 2006. Beacon Hotel was far more welcoming and much better for room sizes - two double beds in one room, a large sitting room, kitchen, bathroom and 3 walk in cupboards. We had a room facing east away from Broadway - very quiet. Carpet a bit tatty also the sofa, but a great place to stay. Fairway Supermarket alone is worth the trip to Manhattan. 2 minutes to Subway, 1 minute to bus stops, 5 minutes walk to Central Park. Fairway restaurant on 2nd Floor opposite is a must. Don't be put off by being up on 75th Street - this is a friendly safe convenient place to stay. We will be back!	
Oct 30 2007 	great location good price	It is always a challenge to find an affordable hotel in New York city. The Beacon was a good choice. I travel to New York often on business and each time I try to save the company a little money. The Beacon helped me to reach that goal. The hotel is located on Broadway near west 72 street and just a few steps away from the subway station so the location is great. There are many restaurants and shops nearby and a gormet supermarket right across the street. What I liked most about the Beacon in addition to the location is the friendliness of the staff. Check-in was very quick and pleasant. The rooms are a good size, not too small or cramped and they are equipped with a mini fridge, a range top, pots, dishes and a microwave. I could bring leftovers from the restaurant back to the hotel and heat it up for a late night snack. The decor is nothing to write home about, it's no Trump Tower. The wallpaper and carpet is little outdated and is starting to show signs of wear and tear along the edges but considering the bucks I'm saving I didn't mind at all. If you are looking for atmosphere and elegance this isn't the place but if you are looking for a comfortable budget hotel you will like the Beacon. I would stay here again because of the price and location. Staying in the Beacon is like staying in a nice well worn shoe, its comfortable.	
Oct 24 2007 	A great affordable choice in Manhattan	Originally we were going to stay outside the city due to budget considerations, but after weighing the pros and cons decided that staying in Manhattan was worth the extra expense. It was the right decision. The Beacon is located in a great Upper West Side neighborhood, loaded with great stores and restaurants, and only a block from the 72nd St subway. You can be in Times Square in less than ten minutes, and from there it's easy to reach any part of NYC. This hotel is well suited to families, especially if you have a teenager that needs her privacy. Our suite was spacious by New York standards, with a well-appointed living room with a sofabed (which became my daughter's domain), a full kitchen, and a good-sized bedroom with two queen beds. We were on the 20th floor overlooking Broadway, which offered great views but was rather noisy throughout the night. The Fairway Market across the street is a great place to shop, but they take deliveries around the clock, and the trucks idle the whole time. If you're a light sleeper, demand a room at the back. I thought our suite was very nicely decorated, with no signs of wear and tear whatsoever. The beds were comfy, all the appliances worked, and we had plenty of towels and kitchen utensils. Although the traffic noise was constant, we never heard a peep from our neighbors, no running water, flushing, TV, nothing. The elevators were a bit slow but we never had to wait longer than 2 minutes. The housekeepers were friendly and gave us whatever we asked for no questions asked, but some of the people at the front desk could use a refresher course in customer service, or maybe a surgical procedure to remove their attitude. But there were also some very friendly clerks who went out of their way to help. Getting back to the Fairway, this is an incredible market, with an amazing selection of meats, cheeses, produce, and deli items, all very reasonably priced. The store is open until 1:00am, so my advice is go late at night, because in the afternoon and early evening the aisles are packed to the gills. If you're not into grocery shopping, there are dozens of great restaurants within a five minute walk. The Beacon is an ideal choice for people on a budget: for the price of an ordinary room in one of the big chain hotels in Times Square, you get a suite with a full kitchen, and room to relax. We were 100% satisfied with our stay and look forward to a return trip someday.	
Sep 22 2007 	Great place to stay	I really enjoyed my stay at the Beacon, it was so easy to get around New York from this hotel, the park is a short walk and the 72st subway is about 2 minutes away.The kitchen is a fabulous asset when holidaying and there are numerous food markets just across the road with the biggest selection of fresh food I have ever seen. The area feels very safe and I wandered the streets at night with my 12 year old daughter with no fear of danger, we enjoyed eating at 'Big Nicks' which is nearby and has the best and most reasonably priced food around, being a residential area it was so interesting to see how people actually live in Manhattan and there are some great shops and cinemas on the next block.The shower tiles could have done with a spray of soap scum remover and the couch was in need of a spot clean on one cushion, but I turned the cushion over and made sure I didn't drop the soap and quickly got over it as it is such a fabulous place to stay.	
Sep 12 2007 	Great stay at the Beacon	Recently stayed at the Beacon Hotel. The Upper West Side is a great neighbourhood, plenty of interesting food stores, restaurants etc and close to many attractions. The staff were always helpful and friendly. The view from the 25th floor towards Central Park was wonderful. Also it was handy to have a laundry in the hotel so we could do our own laundry.We found the Metrocard to be great value for travelling on the subways and buses.	
Sep 11 2007 	The beacon really does shine!!!!!! :-)	We have just returned from New york, and stayed at the beacon hotel, this was our 3rd visit to the city staying at various hotels/ Apartments each time, but the Beacon Hotel was by far the best!!, We booked a 1 bedroom suite, as we wanted space, and space is exactly what we got, our apartment in the hotel was huge compaired to others we have stayed in ( for the same price 2!! ), we had our own living room, with a sofa ( folded out in to a double bed) 2 chairs, a dining table with 2 chairs, coffee table, tv, with stand and storage space, the living room overlooked the hudson river, ( we were on the 24th floor) and it was a wicked view at night!, off the living room was a small but compact kitchen, and was spotless, and had everything we needed if we wanted to stay in and cook ( but who does in nyc), and the maid, which is daily service, left fresh coffee, teabags etc for us on the days we requested them to come in and change our sheets etc. The bathroom was a decent size, it had a bath and a shower, sink/ toilet, ( The maid also left us lil shampoos and conditioners etc, the mouthwash looked a bit toxic, but it was the thought that counted haha) The bedroom was huge, it had x2 double beds in (very comfy) and it had plenty of storage space, along with a tv and sky also in the room, it also had a personal safe ( free of charge) you could programme yourself, if you wanted to store your cash. I found our room very well kept and very clean, and believe me im quite hard to impress with regards to the way hotels clean their properties, sure there is always room for improvement but it was nearly spotless! ( could have done with a change of carpet in the L room, but hey! ) The hotel itself is situated on 75th street broadway, which is 2 blocks ( about 1 min away) from the 72nd street main subway where you can get a Metro card fun pass ( good for rail and bus) for the day for $7 you can go anywhere in nyc on the card. It has its own resteraunt on site so if you didnt want to go out, the resteraunt/ diner style eatery has all you need, it also has its own wine shop, which is pretty cool, and the prices are fair.On 72nd street, heading towards central park, is a place called BBQ's, its a stonesthrow away from the Beacon Hotel and the have &quot;Texas Style &quot; frozen cocktails on offer for around $7, they are not to be missed ( they are the size of fishbowls, delicious, and your hammered after 1, $7, you cant complian!! ha) also across the road from the Beacon, is the famous &quot;fairways&quot; supermarket, it has everything you need , even if you didnt want to see a supermarket on your hols, its worth just going in to see the amount of food that place has!. The beacon hotel is about 5 mins from central park, and you could either walk, catch a cab or catch a sub if you wanted to go &quot;downtown&quot; where Macys, and to where all the other hustle and bustle is, The beacon hotel is brill for anyone, and it especially brill for the people who like to venture in to the hustle and bustle of new york when they fancy, but enjoy a more peacefull laid back pace where the hotel is situated, The Beacon hotel is just fab! :-) P.s Coney island is a must, although the &quot;cyclone &quot; roallercoaster gives you some major bruises!! :-)	
Sep 9 2007 	Great for our family	We stayed at the Beacon for two nights with our two children. When we walked into our king suite, we were obviously given a smoking room, but the front desk promptly and without question switched us to non-smoking (I should've asked when I made the reservation). The room was generously sized, so our family had plenty of room to stretch out. We enjoyed the neighborhood (nice wide sidewalk in front of the hotel) and the cleanliness and size of the 72d St. subway station. This was not the fanciest hotel in NYC, but it really hit the spot for our family. Our only regret was not being able to take better advantage of the adequately-stocked kitchenette- we ate at Sambucca nearby, and the food was awesome and plentiful. It was unfortunate that we left the next day and didn't have time to eat our leftovers for lunch!	
Sep 7 2007 	Euro-style Simplicity in Upper Midtown	We have stayed at the Beacon many, many times, and we consider it our home in New York. We have stayed at other, more upscale hotels farther downtown, and we always end up going back to the Beacon.  This hotel is very popular with french tourists, so it gives it a euro flavor. True, it is a one star hotel, without alot of amenities. But what they do, they do very well. The physical plant is well tended. Rooms are immaculate, service is efficient, warm and personable, and they consistenly remember the little touches, such as toiletries in the bathrooms. Concierges and front desk staff are excellent and knowledgeable. The real beauty of this hotel is its neighborhood. It is convenient to anywhere in New York -- not just Manhattan -- via the subway. Central Park, the Museum of Natural History, Columbus Circle, Lincoln Center, and the cheapest restaurants in Manhattan are within blocks of the Beacon. The local community is vibrant and alive. Local universities are convenient to get to as well. Fordham Law School, Julliard, Cooper Union, and Columbia U. are all close by or just a short subway ride away. The hotel is across from a Fairway supermarket, so you can get almost anything you need. And it's near Niko's, one of the best greek restaurants in New York. The hotel is an excellent value. The suites are huge, and they come wel-equipped with a studio-sized kitchen. We paid $255 per night. The only drawback to any hotel in Manhattan is parking. We paid $47 per night for parking, so factor that into your room budget. We enjoyed our stay here, and we will continue to make the Beacon our New York home.	
Sep 6 2007 	Quiet oasis	First impressions were not that good: the building was covered in scaffolding and the reception area looked a bit ‘dated’. Once in our room we found a quiet oasis: no traffic noise, just the usual rumbling air conditioning unit. The room was spacious with a small kitchenette area (microwave, fridge &amp; coffee maker); two American Queen sized beds and bathroom. All clean and functional.There seemed to be few restaurants close to the hotel except for the Café Viand, next door but in the same building. We eat here several times: breakfasts and evening meals and were never disappointed. The staff were friendly and efficient; food was plentiful and good quality.If you wanted to self-cater there was a supermarket directly across the street, it seemed to stock everything.The hotels location was a plus: a short walk from 72nd St Subway station and about 5 minutes walk from Central Park.	
Sep 1 2007 	Roomy 	The Hotel Beacon is not fancy. My daughter was disappointed when we pulled up and there was scaffolding covering the entrance of the hotel. However, it has everything a siteseeing family could need. The rooms are big by NYC standards - my kids had plenty of room to spread out their games.The neighborhood is great - a real residential neighborhood, as opposed to the Times Square area or the Wall Street area where we sometimes stay. There are plenty of markets, restaurants and stores at all price levels and tastes. We had breakfast a few times at the Tasty Cafe near the subway station (Broadway and 72nd, I think). This is a counter service place, but the food is great and quick, and there is a used book seller that sets up his stand right outside the door who encouraged the kids to look through his wares.Because the neighborhood is not as crowded and fast-paced as Midtown, we did not have to hold tightly onto our kids. The could enjoy looking around at a relaxed pace. Also, there is a fun playground with a Western theme at Amsterdam and 77th that my kids wanted to return to again and again.The concierge staff were very helpful. (They were the ones who directed us to the playground). Anything they couldn't answer, they looked up quickly for us. We didn't use them for anything high-end, like getting theater tickets, so don't know how they would do with that. A small thing, but a nice surprise was the toiletries in the room. Most hotels have a sign saying to ask the staff if there is anything you have forgotten, but Hotel Beacon anticipated everything for us, which is much better. The toiletries included things like cotton swabs and a toothbrush!We have stayed at the Hotel Excelsior in the same neighborhood. The Excelsior seems more up-to-date and upscale than the Beacon for a similar price. However, I preferred the Beacon because the staff was much more friendly and helpful, and the location is slightly closer to stores, restaurants and the subway. And even though the Beacon is in a busier location, we did not have any problem with noise in our room.	
Aug 22 2007 	Great deal for Manhattan	We stayed only one night, but based on our experience we would definitely return to the Beacon. For a paltry (by NYC standards) $255 plus tax, four of us were more than comfortable in a one-bedroom (w/ two double beds) suite w/ kitchenette. The suite was large (and not just by NYC standards) and luckily for us had the added advantage of being a corner unit with great views (22nd floor). Our only minor complaints were beds that weren't quite firm enough and a bathroom that was a little on the small side. We didn't explore the area around the hotel, but as others have noted here, there are plenty of restaurants and a grocery store nearby, and it's a convenient enough location from which to get around the city. We were able to park on the street for free overnight, just around the block from the hotel. Overall this hotel is a very good value for Manhattan, at least compared to the half-dozen or so other places in the city, Brooklyn, and Secaucus where we've stayed over the last three years.	
Aug 21 2007 	A Mouse in the House	I was very excited about our stay at the Beacon initially. The neighborhood is very nice, and has a great feel to it. It is also close to the subway.However, as our stay progressed, things got worse. Our safe in the room was not attached to the closet wall. I mentioned it to the front desk, but it was never fixed for all 5 days. Our sofa bed was a bit worn around the edges, and needed replacement. Our toilet ran on after flushing and was annoying. Nevertheless, these were small items and we tolerated them. On our last night, as I pulled out the sofa bed, a mouse darted out from it. It scared the heck out of my wife and I. I called the front desk, and offered us another room. So we packed up and moved at midnight. Not very fun at all.While the hotel did give us a modest discount due to mouse incident, all in all, I don't think I could say I would want to stay there again, other than I loved the neighborhood.	
Aug 19 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	My friend and I booked the Beacon as part of a package deal through Virgin. As we are both males we needed a twin room, which is harder than you think to come by for some reason. We booked a 1 bedroom suite with 2 queen beds. We were surprised by the size of the room. It was huge, with a big sitting room and kitchenette. I found the staff to very helpful, with the exception of one of the front desk stakk but thats to be expected anywhere. The hotel is only a short walk away from a subway stop. It is also very close to central park. Times square is a 20-30 minute walk depending on the time of day. We had a little problem with a flood in the toilet one morning but within 2 minutes of calling reception the maintenance guy was up and sorting the problem. All in all a very nice hotel nd we will be going back next year for our short stop in NYC.	
Aug 17 2007 	Great hotel	I was a bit worried about staying at this hotel because of the reviews that I had read. During my last stay in New York I had an awful experience at the Hotel Pennsylvania. However, Hotel Beacon was an excellent choice. The staff were helpful and attentive and the room itself was excellent. We had a room with two double beds, a marble bathroom, living room and kitchenette. The room was very clean and the hotel itself was very quiet. The neighbourhood was very nice and there were plenty of restaurants and pubs within walking distance. The subway is only two blocks away and Midtown is only two stops downtown. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 15 2007 	Great hotel 	This hotel was in a great location on the upper west side. There are a nice collection of restaurants and the classic NYC deli's we all love. The hotel doesn't offer breakfast but there is a diner next door which we visited every morning and the staff were very friendly and efficient. It is only minutes walk to the subway station which takes you directly to Times Square, Battery Park etc. It is also a short walk to other attractions like Central Park and the Natural History Museum.The rooms were huge, I think we had deluxe suites, which had a living area, kitchenette, separate bedroom which 2 double beds and a walk in robe. More than ample space (plenty of room to store all that shopping!!!). The staff were very friendly, esp the concierge who helped on many occasions.Overall, I'd like to try a different neighbourhood of NYC next time, but if not, would definitely stay at the Beacon again.	
Aug 13 2007 	Good all round hotel	Stayed here for 7 nights at the beginning of August 07. I hoped it was going to be ok because there were one or two dodgy reviews I had read about the hotel being run down , with poor service. In the event, we were delighted with the Beacon. The rooms are not the most modern but they were clean and in a good state of decor. The hotel staff confirmed that other rooms were being renovated to bring them up to the same standard. The location is great. The Fairways supermarket over the road has everything you could want. There is another upmarket deli on the same side of the street to the supermarket. The Viand diner is next door - we used this a good amount too. Meals are fairly priced and the staff attentive. The subway is just two blocks down. Central Park is very close. There are loads of restaurants in the vicinity. Our room was kept clean and tidy by the hotel staff - we could have had clean towels and bedsheets every day if requested. Our room was up on the 23rd floor at the back. It was pretty quiet with great views across to Central Park's San Remo apartment twin towers.We would definitely stay here again. It was so much better compared with the previous time I had been to New York and stayed on Midtown Broadway. Less noisy, better restaurants and bars, yet easily accessable. The best tip ? ... take some earplugs for the airconditioning. It was hitting 90 degrees F while we were there; the apartment rooms were nice and cool but the aircon was flat out and the unit in the bedroom caused a bit too much of a background drone for an easy sleep at night.	
Aug 8 2007 	Great family hotel	My Aunt wanted to take me and my kids (age 7 &amp; 9) to NYC for the weekend. This hotel was perfect: 2 nice size queen beds, very clean bathroom, small table with 2 chairs and a kitchenette! For a family it was ideal. There was affordable dining options close to the hotel. The Fairview market (across the street) has everything you'll need for breakfast. I noticed several families staying in the hotel.The location is next the the natural science museum, subway station and Central Park. The staff was very helpful.	
Aug 2 2007 	great value	Don't normally take time to review hotels, but was so impressed with the Beacon that I made an exception. After reading so many horror stories of cupboard-sized rooms in New York hotels, we booked the Beacon after reading that the rooms were a good size. Even so, we were unprepared for the large bedroom + separate sitting room with kitchenette that greeted us when we arrived. We even had two flat-screen TVs! (We booked a kingsize suite through Expedia.)The decor is a little old and dated, but everything is clean. Our room had everything we could possibly need for our stay, and more. An excellent, price for what you get, especially when compared with prices elsewhere in New York. Central Park and subway within easy walking distance. Cafe next-door does superb, cheap breakfasts!	
Jul 28 2007 	Excellent hotel	This hotel is excellent. The location is perfect, being close to the metro station and within walking distance of the Lincoln Centre, which is why we chose it.Despite the hotel being refurbished when we were there, there was hardly any disruption and the staff were friendly and helpful. We had a fantastic room on the 24th floor (room 12) which afforded excellent views all round and was large and very comfortable. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 27 2007 	Always a great experience	We spent 4 nights at the Hotel Beacon beginning July 22. About ten years ago, we stayed at this property as part of a package deal, and really liked it. This year marks our fourth time to stay at the Beacon. We got the double double suite for 3 persons. This was a bedroom with 2 double beds and a seperate room that had a sitting room and a complete kitchen set-up. Having the extra room was handy for when one of us was up early we could go about things without awakening the others.  The lobby of the hotel has been totally renovated and is a lot brighter and roomier and has a much better floorplan. The room was neat and clean. The kitchen comes complete with microwave, stove, toaster, refrigerator/freezer, dishes and silverware. While we're not ones to cook in the room, one day it poured down rain so we crossed the street to Fairway Market and got some snacks and drinks. (Sidenote: The Fairway Market is a marvel unto itself. Huge variety and good pricing. You have to see it to appreciate it.)  It's true that the rooms are no showplace, but everything was clean and comfortable. That's all we really wanted. Generally we're not in the room a whole lot anyway. When you're tired from sightseeing all day, it doesn't matter if the comforter doesn't match the walls or if the sofa cushion design is a little worn. A USA Today newspaper is delivered to the door every morning, which is nice to have.  The only real downside to the visit was the elevators. In the past the elevators have been a little slow, but of no concern, but this time the wait time for elevators was sometimes quite long. There are notes saying they are working on them and directions on accessing the service elevators, but even that isn't always a help. Fortunately we were only on the seventh floor, so walking down was always an option, but only a necessity once. Hopefully they will get this improved, but even as it is, I'd stay there again.  Locationwise, this place is wonderfully situated. Not only is it across from the great market, it is a very short walk to a major subway stop. An express train can get you to 42nd street in a matter of minutes. One block over, Amsterdam Ave has a multitude of eating places, and just a couple more blocks you're in Central Park.  If I return to Manhattan one day, I will certainly check the Beacon for availability before I check elsewhere.	
Jul 20 2007	Great Value Great Location	My wife &amp; I took our three teenage daugthers to NYC the last week of June 2007 and had a wonderful time staying at the Hotel Beacon. We'd stayed at the property before and were extremely pleased with the fact that they could give us accomodations that housed all 5 of us comfortably in one room with an adequate kitchen, and a grocery store just across the street, for just $275 per night... in NYC, that's a great value... and very few hotels have rooms that size at any price.We had great help from their friendly staff (even when our stool plugged), the room was clean, two large rooms with two double beds in one and a fold-out couch in the second room, two TV's with lots of cable channels, great view of Broadway at 75th, just two blocks to the subway and three blocks to central park.Three things would have made it the &quot;Perfect&quot; hotel stay and moved it to an Excellent overall rating:*Newer carpet in our room.*Fitted sheets on the beds.*Free wireless Intenet (although they did have a business center available at a nominal charge).	
Jul 18 2007 	Good NYC hotel	Hotel Beacon is a good NYC hotel for a decent price. Located in the upper west side of Manhattan, the neighborhood is nice (make sure to check out Citarella and Zabars), and it is close to central park and the museum of natural history. They have internet in the lobby and they also offer several suites with kitchens. I recommend this hotel especially for stays of one week or longer. I also recommend it for families with children who want to visit the museum.	
Jul 14 2007 	Mixed results	The hotel is in a great location and is less hurried than the east side and mid-town and is very close to the subway, Central Park, The Dakota's and museums. Great restaurants with larger portions at better prices than the east side and mid-town too. If only the rooms were as nice as the lobby. Everything was outdated, wallpaper peeling off the walls, old and worn carpet and a moldy bathroom. Everything seemed like it needed cleaning. Some staff members were very pleasant while others were not that nice. Concierge's seemed to be bothered by our questions and on a couple of occasions gave us wrong information on restaurant locations. Customer service needs a lot of improvement here and it starts from the top. Some staff got it, especially in housekeeping who were very nice and attentive. Our problems were mainly in the lobby. We would give this place one more try but if customer service and cleanliness weren't improved, then it would definitely be the last stay here.	
Jul 7 2007 	Loved the beacon	Stayed at this hotel in June. Fab location with loads of shops in the vicinity - Gap, Banana republic, Filenes, Children's Place, Sephora, Also cinema is within walking distance; subway 2 minute walk away and Beacon theatre next door. Can't fault the place other than lifts under repair and they were very slow while we were there. Probably repaired now! Would definitely stay there again as area is clean and feels safe.	
Jun 30 2007 	The Place for parents with young kids!!!	I recently jolned my wife, who was traveling on business, to NYC along with our two young children (4 yrs &amp; 2 yrs). We had a wonderful stay at Hotel Beacon.We received excellent service that was always friendly. Upon arrriving we asked for a crib and within 5 minutes we had it. Also, requested new sheets, coffee, and a roll a way and all were met within minutes. Housekeeping was professional and flexiable with nappings and all the like that come when traveling with young kids.We stayed in room 1911, which is a one bedroom. It was HUGE. The main room was 28 ft. x 16 ft., with a small kitchen (stove,oven,mircowave,full fridge, cups, glasses, toaster, etc.). There is a pull out bed along with a table and 3 chairs. The bedroom is also big 24 by 16 with a walk in closet. We were able to fit the crib in the closet, thus giving our children seperate rooms. THAT WAS GREAT.The only caution i have is beware of the locals on the elevators, very rude. But it is NY.Also, the hotel is a bit dated. Meaning the wall paper is old and so is some of the furniture. But in no way is it unclean or not comfortable. I felt this have the place some character. Nice break from the cookie cutter world we tend to live in these days.There is a laundry room on the 7th floor, containing 8 very clean washers and 8 well kept dryers. Each cycle cost $1.75.The location is awesome. 1,2,3 train is only a short 2 block walk. Fairway grocery is across the street, with excellent fresh produce and just about anything one would want. I read about the prices being high. NOT TRUE. With the kitchen in the room we saved big $$ eating breakfast, lunch, and a couple of dinners in the room.Eats- Big Nick's on broadway is a must. Their menu is extensive. We don't eat meat and were delighted to find well over 20 vegetarian offerings. Also try the Pizza shop on Amsterdam, something and Peppers, can't recall the full name.The park is about a 10 minute walk each way and worth it. For you will pass some truly beautiful brownstones. The Museum of Natural History is only about a 15 minute walk. For those of you with young kids in the park just after 81st street you will find the Dinana Ross Playground. Sand, fountain, swings (toddler and tire), and two huge playsets. Like every park in the city it's fenced in and well shaded.We did not use the wireless network, so can't comment either way. The next time we go to NYC it will once again be at the Hotel Beacon. LOVED IT!!!!!!!!	
Jun 26 2007	Ok but...	I am surprised by all the fantastic reviews... seems odd as we actually experienced problems...The wireless service was poor and the business room is quite a joke. They had assured me i can work there , as i had no wireless service and that they wouldn't charge me normal price. However you are in a little closet-sized room with two old and poorly maintained pcs where kiddies go there all the time so no peace of mind to work...Tbh i didn't get charged at all as actually noone paid attention who entered...with a result of never actually been able to sit there for more than 5 mins... Anyway the service is too poor to be charged 5$ per half an hour... go on a starbuck's and enjoy a coffee while working there... much better. If you travel for work, only wireless (precharged in your credit card) is an option... that is if the wireless actually has a signal to your room...The hotel is indeed in a great location, the rooms are surprisingly big and the kitchen is quite handy. Minor issue are the holes in our sheets... and the fact the room was old...and the a/c was sounding like a train... however room service was really nice and polite. If i didn't get upset about the unwillingness of the front desk to help out, and the rudeness of one of the concierges (the rest were really helpful), i would have a positive feeling about it... I would suggest it for a family but not for business purposes...	
Jun 25 2007 	Good but mixed	We had a good, but mixed stay at this hotel. We definitely liked the location – the Upper West Side beats Mid-Town hands down in my book. The subway is ultra-convenient, being literally two minute walk away. The neighborhood is also decent for grabbing a bite to eat (try Amsterdam over Broadway for better eats) and of course close to Central Park. And, the room is pretty spacious – especially for Manhattan. There were some negative things however. The bed was one of the worst I have experienced (bad mattress and bad sheets – clean but flimsy and coarse). If I was not so tired from walking around, it would have been a big problem. The shower we also had was bad – half the spouts did not work and the stream was weak. In general, a few areas of the room seemed to need more attention and up-dating. Finally, I did not like the Fairway across the street. It was sub-standard to a typical American grocery store (poor selection and high prices) and was crowded and stressful. I actually found a better selection of what I needed at the pharmacy down the street – this advice may save you some time and hassle.	
Jun 19 2007 	Good Hotel in Great Area	The Beacon Hotel is a great find, the rates are reasonable compared to many crazy priced Manhatten Hotels. Located on the Upper West side this district is packed with fabulous places to dine and shop and absorb yourself in NY culture. The hotel is only 2 minutes walk to the subway which has express trains to take you downtown within 10 minutes.Central Park and Riverside Park are also only a few minutes walk away and well worth exploring. Avis car hire just around the block and easy access onto the westside highway if driving out of the city.I have stayed here many many times and without a doubt would recommend it for business or pleasure........	
Jun 15 2007 	Heart of the Upper West Side no complaints!	Unless you are planning to spend serious money (these days, $650/night for a luxury hotel), you need to make some compromises in New York. Rooms are small; or the carpeting might be a little threadbare;or the elevators will be slow; or the staff might be rude. Or some combination of the above. It's simply what you have to expect in New York.By those standards, the Beacon was fantastic for me. I only stayed one night, so I didn't have time to use my fully equipped kitchenette(a great feature). OK, the elevators were very slow, but I only experienced one wait longer than a couple of minutes. My room was big -- much larger than other rooms I have had in the city. I lucked out with a 19th floor room on the southeastern corner,with eastward views of the famous Dakota apartment building and a sliver of Central Park, and southern views toward Columbus Circle.The room's furnishings weren't up-to-date and there were a few cigarette burns in the carpet. So what? If you want a &quot;design&quot; hotel you can look elsewhere. The a/c worked great, the bed was comfortable, the linens were clean, and so on. The room was huge and I had a sitting area with a table. This hotel even has a concierge, which is very rare for New York hotels in the moderate price range.The Fairway supermarket across the street is amazing, and I am running out of superlatives to describe the Citarella gourmet market next door (even the website will make a foodie drool). A few blocks away you can shop at the famous Zabar's. One New Yorker (a client I visited while in town) told me this is the best area in Manhattan for food shopping. So you literally can cook gourmet meals in your room -- or simply reheat some of the wonderful goodies from across the street. That will stretch your dining budget and allow you to splurge on other meals while you're out on the town.I met a friend for dinner and spent $160 (for two) at an Argentinean steak restaurant. It was a good meal, but I would have had just as much fun shopping for gourmet food and wine with my friend, and dining in my room with its city views. And we would have spent half as much.Eat breakfast at Big Nick's, a 24-hour Greek diner just up Broadway on the west side of the street. I enjoyed a great breakfast at an outdoor table. The service was friendly and the prices were reasonable.Being so close to the Broadway &amp; 72nd St. Subway station is a big plus. From that station you can take an express C train to 42nd Street in less than 10 minutes.	
Jun 7 2007 	good value	Beacon hotel was a good value and great location however the elevators were being rennovated and the wait to go to the lobby was 15min one time. Otherwise we enjoyed our stay.	
Jun 3 2007 	Fantastic Wow	Have just return from spending a week at the Beacon. Okay, our first night was spent on the 15th floor, but upon asking we were relocated to the 21st, wow what a difference. Over looking Central Park, with wonderful views beyond. So much so that my husband God bless him, rose early one morning to photograph the sunrise.We found the staff to be accomodating and helpful, as for the elevators we waited no longer than 5 minutes, I even walked up the first 6 flights on one occasion, phew, then I took pot luck and called the elevator.The location was superb, with a subway 2 blocks down, plenty of restaraunts within walking distance, recommend Ivy's on 72nd. Oh opt for the Metrocard if staying a week or so it's worth it and can be used on the subway or bus.	
May 30 2007 	A bit disappointed	I'm somewhat surprised at how positive these reviews are. We stayed at the Beacon for 3 nights and found it acceptable but not, I would say, worth the price. I would rate it somewhere below your average Marriott. The room looked old and run-down, though large, the bedding was thin and old, and there was no desk in the room (which was a suite), which is very odd for a hotel that has a business center. On the positive side, the housekeepers were very courteous, and the lobby area is pleasant. If you're on a budget, it's an okay choice, but I don't expect to return here. By the way, for out-of-towners, the location is very good.	
May 20 2007	Peakin' at the Beacon!	Have stayed here many times.Always pleased with the hotel.Reasonably priced for NYC.Clean, spacious, well-located.Good restaurants nearby, including &quot;Barney GreenGrass,&quot; a great place for New York deli food!	
May 19 2007 	Wonderful Hotel!!	Just returned from a five night stay at the Beacon, and couldn't have been happier. Perfect location, quiet nights, and the convenience of the market across the street made our vacation great. Subway is a short walk down the street, Natural History Museum a couple blocks away, as well as Central Park. The front desk and concierge were especially helpful, and very friendly. Highly recommend this hotel!!	
May 17 2007	Perfect Location!	I recently stayed for a week at the Beacon Hotel. I have lived in NYC and have traveled there countless times on business. I hate the big, convention style hotels and the miniture rooms at most of the boutique hotels. The Beacon had lots of room and none of the madness of the giant chains. We were prepared to wait for the elevators, having read the reviews. They were slow, but we came and went at off times and only had one annoyingly long wait. We took the freight elevators from the second floor and that worked out just fine. The proximity to the subway is great and it was an easy trip to any part of town. We went all over and never changed trains more than once. We certainly got our money's worth with the 7 day unlimited ride metro card! The Fairway market is amazing. And there are many great restaurants within a few blocks. We especially liked SaraBeth's at 80th and Amsterdam. It's known for breakfast, but the other meals are just as good. My only criticism was that the room was rather dated (although very clean). It sounds like they are re-doing the rooms and we should have requested an updated room (we didn't know better). The price was unbelievable, especially given the great location and size of the rooms! I will be back and have already recommended it to several friends and family members.	
May 16 2007 	Fantastic!	My boyfriend and I stayed here 10-13 May, and although I was unsure of the location, we had an unbelievable time. We booked through Virgin Holidays, opting down the accomodation only route, and ended up paying about 300 gbp for 3 nights for the both of us. When we arrived, although we were about an hour ealy, our room was ready, and we had been upgraded to a King Suite, at no extra chage. The room had spectacular views, as we were up on the 24th floor at the end of the corridoor, room 2412, and was massive by New York standards. The cable channels worked (also unusual for New York) and the ktichen was brilliant, even if it did only have one large pan to cook in. (although im sure if we had asked they would have given us more) The maids were really good too, every day we came back to a spotless room.Really cannot praise this place enough, we will definitely be recommending this place to anyone who will listen!	
May 9 2007 	Beacon of distinction	Stayed here May 3rd thru till the 6th. Location IS great, sure it is not midtown but so what. Are you telling me there is nothing to do around this area? We found loads of great bars (Boat Basin Cafe for one) and eateries etc. The area is clean, safe and smart and a perfect getaway from the Times Sq tourist trap (even tho i loved that too). Room 907 was great. recently refurbed to a great standard with new furniture, good kitchen, Samsung LCD tv's and decent bathroom. Having Fairways over the road was great too for those drinks and snacks. Room service was great too, every day cleaned spotlessly. We even had some Californian Merlot and choccies in the room on arrival, without asking, or indeed being charged for it on check out. In short i could not big this place up enough.For a great price £120 per night, and the room quality, i was very impressed. I will be going back next year for more. The hotel was fab but for me just being in New York makes me so happy, the place rocks!	
Apr 21 2007	Loved the hotel	This hotel is near central partk on the west side of New York. Wasn't sure of the location of the hotel at first, but when I found the subway two blocks away that iw was it!!!!!. The rooms are large, and the benfeit of having a kichen saves money paying for breafast out and can easily prepare food to take with especialy with a fantastic 24hr supermarket across the road sellig loads of fresh food. Didn't really use any of the hotel facilities as rather go and see the sites. Would stay here again if I had the chance to go back to New York and it was a clean and friendly hotel.	
Apr 16 2007 	Spacious Courteous Quaint	I booked this hotel for two nights 4-11 through 4-13 to complement two nights on Times Square. The combination was brilliant. Hotel Beacon was convenient to places and events we wanted to visit, 3 blocks from the 72d St subway, and as a former NYC resident, I prefer the relaxed, funky mood of the West Side, the presence of dogs and baby carriages. The front desk was friendly and helpful as were the concierge/bell desk. Read reviews here so requested view room, stayed on the 23rd floor with a great view of the city and park in the distance. We were not too perturbed by slow elevators (also because of reviews). Got a pretty good deal on the website for a suite ($255 a night) which was huge by NYC standards. Two large rooms, the heat worked perfectly in both, nice kitchenette, small but clean polished stone bath. The older feel of the building truly made me feel at home and since all was clean, it was fine. Beds were okay, not too firm thank goodness, though a little bouncy perhaps. We arrived early and the staff were very very accomodating about holding our bags. The Fairway Market across the street is more than a &quot;neat little market&quot; - it's like a Whole Foods, Trader Joe's and international bazaar in one. I would have loved having it around when I lived in NYC and noticed many people taking cabs out of there with multiple bags. You could cook your own gourmet meals in the room with that kind of place so close, but why when there are so many wonderful and reasonable places to eat nearby (choices choices). We ate at San Luigi, an Italian place at 311 Amsterdam just one block over offering homemade pasta, very good bread, and other highly authentic Italian home cooking - pasta dishes for under $20, meat and fish for under $30. Excellent wine. Did I mention there's a Starbucks on the corner? Sit in the window for some really good people-watching. As for Hotel Beacon, I'd stay there again in a heartbeat and there's no other place you need on the West Side unless you MUST have 5 star.	
Apr 16 2007 	Great Hotel not so good location	Just returned from a five night stay at the Hotel Beacon. The room was great, very spacious and having the kitchen was great........just nice to have a cup of tea in the morning. The hotel was ok, the corridors could do with a refurbishment and the lifts were very very slow. The only downside was the location. It was great for Central Park but it was too far out really for anywhere else..unless you use the subway or get a cab its a very long walk to Times Square etc. The market across the road was great, best time to go seemed to be quite late in the evening as we went in there the first evening around 6pm and it was very very busy. I would stay at the hotel again but would prefer a hotel nearer Times Square/Empire State Building.	
Apr 14 2007 	Beacon a great value and a great location	This hotel is great for a family! We stayed during Spring Break with our two sons (11 and 12). The room decor is a bit dated and the beds are a bit too hard - but overall it is a great hotel. The subway stop is only 1 1/2 blocks away. The Fairway Market is great NYC experience and it right across the street. The diner next store (Viand) has good food. Central Park is a few blocks away. The location is great, it is in a safe area and the price is right. We will definitely stay there again!	
Apr 13 2007 	Enjoyed our stay at The Beacon	We spent ten days at the Beacon and found it to be very clean, well furnished and equipped, particularly the small kitchenette which made it easy to make full use of the wide and good quality food available at the Fairway shop across the road. Very good maid service, reception staff welcoming but concierge service a bit hit and miss. Lifts were only a minor inconvenience and caused only minimum delays. Hotel was ideally suited to our plans, less than 200 yards from subway and only two blocks away from Central Park. Had several meals in Viand restaurant next door to hotel, quality and quantity were excellent and very good value for money.Would not hesitate in staying at Beacon if returning to visit New York.	
Mar 30 2007	Good value at the Beacon	My husband and I just spent 10 nights at the Beacon, in the Upper West side of NYC. We loved the location and enjoyed our stay, despite a few hiccups here and there. Like other people, we had occasional trouble with the elevators; and the toilet blocked twice in the first 3 days, the first time at midnight on the night of our late arrival, after a 30 hour trip, so that wasn't fun. Each time we reported it, however, the staff responded with exemplary speed and efficiency. Finally I just closed the tap slightly so the bowl did not fill up quickly and the problem disappeared.We chose the Beacon because of its general location and because we could self-cater when we wanted. (Be warned, however, that the extractor fan is connected to the stove top, so if you are making toast it does not come on, and the smoke alarm is pretty sensitive! We were caught twice, and that was once too often!) It was great to be able to shop at the wonderful Fairway market directly across the road, especially at 10.00pm on the Sunday night of our arrival. It was even better to eat in the upstairs Steakhouse Cafe, whose $29 three course meal was wonderful, good food and great value. We found the beds pretty comfortable and the decor subdued but restful. The size of the room was a great plus, as was the comfortable furniture in it. All in all, the Beacon delivered everything I expected from tripadvisor comments, and we would certainly recommend it, as well as stay there again ourselves.	
Mar 27 2007 	Great Hotel for its price	We have just had four nights at the Beacon from March 21st to 25th. I thought for the price we paid we got a good deal (439.00) for four nights for the two of us. We had no probs checking in, got a non smoking room as requested on the 23rd floor. No noise at all any night and the kitchenette with microwave, two cooking rings, full size fridge, kettle, toaster and coffee maker all provided, as was the actual tea and coffee. They even provide a bottle of washing up liquid. Its not the Ritz, but you get what you pay for. The room was large. 2 double beds, sheets changed every day, TV, table dining chairs, and lounge chair. Bathroom was spotless, as were the rooms. It does look a little dated, but the hotel is quite old, and is always full all year round. They are having an upgrade on the elevators and there are signs posted so that you can go round the back of elevators and use the service lifts. We seemed to be the only people who did this and never had to wait more than two minutes for elevator, yet people were complaining at the front desk about it. Its a stones throw from the subway, which was very handy, and its good to get away from the noise of the sirens and hustle and bustle of Times Square. This part of town is very handy to get to Central Park (2 blocks away) and especially for my hubby who is a life long Beatles fan and wished to visit John Lennons Memorial (which we had to do every day). If you want to pay top dollar you can do, but I would deffo stay at the Beacon again. At just over £50 each per night I think it was well worth it.	
Mar 24 2007	The Beacon is OK	My wife and I, and a Japanese colleague, booked two rooms at the Beacon during a terrible bout of subzero cold and snow in the first week of March. This made the in-room kitchenette very convenient, since the Fairway market is just across the street. The heat worked well, too.As other reviewers have said, it is a bit run down and the desk is not all that helpful. But, for the rate, the location, and the price, it works well.	
Mar 22 2007 	Too Noisy and Draughty and the AC sounds like a LORRY	Dont accept any rooms overlooking the main street.The windows are big, draughty and you can hear everythingon the street below from 20 floors up??Cold rooms in March 07 and when you switch on the ACyou cant sleep with the noise.Also found the bed clothes too smallfor the bed size.I had to get ear plugs which I never wear.Overall the only plus point is good location and helpful concierge.Everything else make me say give this place a miss	
Mar 19 2007 	This Beacon Doesn't Shine	Some problems with the stay that really bring this score down:- NO Parking, no recommendations, no help. Wound up parking at the nearest garage at $50 per day.- Pulled up and had to get a luggage cart myself, unload luggage, get it in the building, up the elevator (more on that later) and to the room, get the cart back down and get the car moved from the temp parking out front.- Absolutely no help from staff. The desk told me to move my car quickly at check-in, or it would be ticketed. There is no bellman, the concierge is a joke and you have to pay $5 per half hour for the internet.- Only two elevators were in service, so getting up from the lobby wasn't bad, but by the second day of our stay, we quit trying to wait to go down and just walked the 16 flights with the kids and stroller.- The rooms were fine, if a little on the stale side.- The Upper West Side location is convenient.I would not stay at this hotel again.I would recommend it for school trips and the like.	
Mar 6 2007 	Beacon has its ups and downs	Booked a one bedroom suite at the Beacon &amp; it was a good base for us. It is located in a residential area near to the subway which was really handy. The rooms were a good size but the decor &amp; carpets are dated &amp; we had a resident cockroach who we were starting to become on friendly terms with. We had a high floor (23rd) &amp; had views over Central Park which were brill. The kitchen area was handy &amp; we had some great breakfasts courtesy of the Delis across the road from the Hotel. Overall the desk staff were good but we did come across one Assistant Manager who had a real attitude problem &amp; was abrupt &amp; rude pretty much to everyone. He was clearly in the wrong job. Re the lifts......we did have to wait a while at peak times but it wasn't too bad. Overall the Beacon was a reasonable place to stay so don't worry about booking it. If you want something more luxurious &amp; can't live with the dated decor then its not for you.	
Feb 27 2007 	beautiful beacon	my family and i ( hub and 2 kids) just spent a week in this beautiful hotel. we stayed in a one bedroom suite which was huge, 2 double beds in bedroom and large very comfy sofa bed in sitting room. there is a tv in both rooms and a small yet very well equipped kitchen. the rooms were large and airy with good heating which was need cos NY is very cold at that time of year! the bathroom was great had everything we needed including fresh towels daily. the staff were very friendly and helpful especially the maids who always had a smile and a greeting for us when they came to clean room. across road from hotel is a great supermarket called Fairways which is ideal for evening munchies and even better is a fantastic restaurant next door called Viands which has the best food at very reasonable prices( meal for 4 inc starters and desserts and minerals $62 ). i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone esp parents bringing their kids. i look forward to going back very soon.	
Feb 16 2007 	Nice stay at Beacon	Room was very quiet, no street noise. Well situated for subway, and as three women in New York we felt very safe in the hotel and locality. Hotel reception very helpful, booked shuttle for return journey to airport.Minor inconvenience that the bathroom towels were provided for two people not three, but was sorted immediately and fine for the remainder of our stay. Request for additional blanket was also satisfied immediately. Diner next door to hotel where food was very good, and other local eating establishments. Convenient for Central Park and other tourist attractions	
Feb 15 2007	A good value for the value-oriented traveler	I've stayed here maybe a half dozen times over the years and find it to be a good value for the value oriented traveler. If you are a high-end traveler who likes to be spoiled, this might not be for you. If you are a backpacker who wants to travel on the cheap, this probably isn't for you. But if you like a comfortable, safe, well located hotel, quiet and conveniently located with few amenities, this is it. We had a &quot;double double&quot; this time -- essentially a suite -- with a small kitchen, living area and two double beds. It was clean, well kept, and affordable. Most of all it is quiet. The elevators are a bit dicey (we were offered use of a service elevator) and there's no restaurant (a lunch place is next door), but it came in about $100-200 less than its counterparts. We found the staff to be more than accommodating and best of all, it's a stone's throw from the 72nd St Subway and CPW. We zipped all around, slept well, and general felt cared for. I recommend it for the mid-price traveler who likes convenience, safety, and a modicum of comfort.	
Feb 8 2007 	Thought it was pretty nice and would stay again.	I should have written this a long time ago... let's see if my memory serves me well.. here we go!My sister came to visit me in central new york during may of 2006 so my fiance and I naturally wanted to take her to NYC, she had never been. We decided on the Beacon because we got a broadway show and hotel package and it was a pretty good deal. Check in I remember was pretty easy and I thought the rooms were decent sizes.. we had two beds and my fiance and I had to share one which was a little crowded but we didn't mind. I do remember the beds not being all that comfortable and the room does look a little dated as far as the decor goes..but it was clean and had enough room for the three of us. I do remember really liking the bathroom (I'm super picky about bathrooms). It was small but clean and looked like it had been updated and had new applicances in there. There was also a small kitchen type area that we didn't use but would have been great if we decided to.What I love most about this place is the location! There is so much great stuff really close by.. the market across the street (where my fiance went one night to get snacks for us)... the cafe on the corner.. we ate breakfast there the morning we had to leave and really enjoyed it. Central park isn't far.. there is a lush store ([--] - bath products) nearby which really made me happy ..and the walk to the subway isn't bad either.I really like this part of town because it felt like families lived there... and riverside park is close by.. we walked there one early morning and saw a lot of people walking their dogs or jogging. Early mornings in NYC are soooo nice.This is only my third time to go to NYC, but the first time I stayed in a swanky place in time square which of course was great and the second time we stayed in a youth hostel which was ok too... I feel like the beacon is somewhere in between. If you can get past the old decor of the room... you're set.I even asked the concierge once about where a good place for pizza would be and he directed me somewhere and was super friendly and nice.I'd stay here again for sure. Hope this review helps!	
Jan 19 2007 	Never again!	This is my second time in close to 10 years at this hotel and it has not improved with time. It was awful back then and if possible it has got worse! The staff are rude and incompetent, the rooms are terribly dated and the lifts do not work. Try having to walk down 11 flights of stairs everyday after waiting 10 minutes for lifts (both guest and service) that never arrive. I am a travel agent and I would never recommend this property to my clients - be warned!!! Oh and FYI - avoid the cafe next door if you can as they give the Beacon staff a run for their money in the rudeness stakes!	
Jan 16 2007	Great New Year	We spent New Year, Dec 29th 2006 until Jan 4th 2007, in New York at the Beacon Hotel. We had a wonderful time.The Beacon is ideal, the decor may be a bit dated but our room 1912 was a geat size for three of us. We also felt very at home there. Housekeeping was wonderful, rooms are kept very clean.The kitchen is an added bonus, handy for a tea or coffee although we used Starbucks on the corner a lot.Great location as everyone else has mentioned. We didn't really interact with the staff as we were out most of the time but they were pleasant enough.We paid $240 per night which I thought was reasonable.We would definately go back to the Beacon.	
Jan 15 2007 	Good size for the money	The only real advantage to this hotel is the size of the rooms for the price you pay. Otherwise it leaves a lot to be desired. Forget about finding a bellman to help you with your luggage. Beds were hard as a rock and pillows were styrofoam. Location is good for someone going to Lincoln Center, and with a Starbucks, Fairway Market, and Citarella across the street, having the kitchenette is a real plus. Mixed bag, then. If I find a decent rate at a better hotel, I'd certainly take it over this.	
Jan 13 2007 	Nice Hotel	We'd stayed at the Beacon before back in 98 and so chose it again for that reason. It's a nice hotel in a great location, we walked from Times Square every day. There's a market across the street, and the restaurant next door delivers free of charge and has good food at good prices.We had a one bedroom suite and the kitchenette was great. Also good having a tv in the bedroom and lounge room as it made it easier for everyone to watch what they wanted. Bathroom was tiny, but clean and extra towels etc provided quickly when we asked. The bedroom and lounge rooms were big and lots of closet space. The rooms are a bit dated though.The staff were friendly, although I agree with other reviews about the hotel staff refusing to get you a cab, although we didn't have any trouble hailing one when we needed it. There's internet available downstairs. The elevators were out of commission a few times during our stay due to new ones being installed. The only downside was the noise. I saw someone say they were on the 15th floor above Fairways (the market) and couldn't hear anything, well we were on the 20th floor above Fairways and the traffic noise was ridiculous. I had to resort to earplugs to get any sleep and seriously considered asking to be moved to a different room but couldn't be bothered. All in all though I'd stay there again if I was in NY.	
Dec 18 2006	Disappointing needs overhaul	We stayed at the Hotel Beacon for 3 nights the middle of December. I had a hard time getting a hotel for a reasonable price and settled on the Beacon after reading the reviews on this site. We were definitely disappointed. The first room we were put in was a small, shabby room that was a smoking room. I asked to be moved because of the smoky smell in the room. The management agreed to move us, but pointed out that they could not gaurantee a non-smoking room. The second room was somewhat better and had more room. On the plus side, housekeeping was very good and the towels were very clean and soft. The hotel is close to a subway, some decent diners and a wonderful market and deli across the street. We did take cabs a lot and hailed our own cab. The conceirge booked a shuttle to the airport for us when we were leaving. We used the fridge in the room and also the tea kettle. I would stay here again mainly because it was the most reasonably priced hotel that I could find in a decent area. It is definitely better than staying in mid-town which is so crowded and expensive. I would also think it might be a good choice for families.	
Dec 17 2006 	A great choice for NYC!	We stayed at the Beacon after doing thorough research on tripadvisor and other sites. Being that it's a one star hotel, I expected it to be decent for the value but not much more.We were wrong! We ended up loving the Beacon and have found &quot;our&quot; place to stay when we're in New York. The one bedroom suite was huge, had a kitchenette, was very clean. As you've heard from others, the neighborhood could not be better. The Upper West side has a great NY feel--visiting Times Square was a lot of fun, but I wouldn't want to be plopped right in the middle of it in a cramped and overpriced hotel room.Some other plusses--the Starbucks right next door, the great market across the street (that incidentally all you lymies like my husband had tons of English stuff including every English candy bar you could want!), was a five minute walk to the subway, and a ten minute walk to Central Park. My husband's a runner and ran every day there. The hotel was much nicer than I expected. I'd say that unless you're a high maintenance traveler with expectations of people waiting on you hand and foot like in a chain hotel or the more expensive variety, you'll like it. No they didn't call a cab for us (we didn't ask). It's on Broadway for God's sake, it takes like 30 seconds to hail a cab to take you to the airport! Yes, we carried our luggage up, no there isn't room service (although a restaurant delivers there that we didn't use) You get the gist--it's a one star hotel so it isn't going to be perfect. The staff however was fine, no complaints whatsoever. Anyway, bottom line is that for the value, it was a great experience. By the time we left it felt like our little home away from home. We're going back in May with family and after this test run, we will always recommend the Beacon.By the way, price out a one bedroom vs. a standard room--it wasn't much more and was so nice to have a separate living area. Also, they'll give you a few bucks off for a AAA discount.	
Dec 14 2006 	Quite a Disappointment	I just returned from a two night stay at Hotel Beacon because I had tickets to the Metropolitan Opera. Apart from its location to Lincoln Center, the Hotel Beacon has little to offer. Compared to other hotels that are closer to Times Square, the Hotel is high priced and run down. The room that I had was lack-luster and rather dingy for the $250 price. The cost was about $70 more than it was for the Hotel Belvedere where I stayed two months earlier, and the room was not nearly as attractive. My biggest complaint was the front desk service. When I went down and checked out of the hotel and asked them to get me a cab to the airport, they said they couldn't do that and I had to find one on my own. In my last three stays in New York during the past year every hotel was courteous enough to get me a cab. The Hotel Beacon's excuse was that they couldn't call a cab in New York and that guests had to hail them. Funny how every other hotel was able to call the Yellow Cab company and get one--except for the Hotel Beacon. On may next visit to New York, the Hotel Beacon will be at the bottom of the list for places to stay. I'd rather walk a few extra blocks for better and more courteous service.	
Dec 13 2006	Perfect Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Beacon from Nov 29th to Dec 3rd 2006 for our 4 night trip from Dublin, Ireland. We chose this having read many reviews from other Trip Advisor reviewers of various hotels. I have to say from the outset that we loved the location and the hotel itself and we were very impressed with the rooms (1 Bed Suite with Sitting Room &amp; Kitchenette). They were huge and very clean. The bed-room included a walk in closet as did the hallway - very handy for stashing cases as well as clothes. The kitchenette is a nice feature although we didn't really use it much but the fridge is handy for storing water etc. Decor is a little dated being a bit flowery &amp; patterned but unless you're a complete fusspot this is not a major concern. Rooms were cleaned daily and USA Today delivered to door every morning. Location is excellent with the fairways market across the road for any necessities and the Manhattan diner 2 blocks north for breakfast and a Sarbucks virtually next door if you need it . The Beacon is also very close to the many restaurants etc on Columbus AvePrevious reporters here mentioned noise at night but we were on the 15th floor overlooking fairways and can tell you that we heard nothing! The hotel itself doesn't have a bar or restaurant but that's not a concern for us as we never eat where we'er staying anyway. We prefer to get out and eat with the locals. The Beacon is just 3 blocks (3 mins) from 72nd St Subway which is served by the 1,2 &amp; 3 lines. It's 2 stops to Columbus Circle and 4 stops from Times Square with Macy's on 34th St one stop further down the line at Penn Station. Too Handy! The same subway will also take you right down to lower manhattan and Ground Zero. All in all a great place to stay and would recommend it to anybody. Not necessarily a honeymoon spot but great for every other reason to visit NY. Big thumbs up and will definitely stay here again.	
Dec 3 2006 	Beacon Hotel - Ideal	The Beacon Hotel is fine, rooms are large and clean. We stayed for 5 nights and the hotel was ideally located, close to Central Park and a short walk from 72nd Street Subway. Staff were friendly and efficient. Definitely recommend this hotel. Bear in mind though, there are no facilities in Hotel (no bar/restaurant) however, just next door is the excellent Viand diner/restaurant serving excellent coffee/breakfast/lunch and dinner - trust me - the eggs benedict for breakfast is just the best!! Across the road, the Fairways market serves everything and is open all night so you won't want for anything. Have no hesitation in booking this hotel. It isn't luxury by any stretch of the imagination, but it does the job perfectly.	
Dec 2 2006 	Fantastic Hotel	This was our first visit to America. So we had no Idea what to expect, I was a cross between nerves and excitment. But it was everything we expected only 100 times better. The Beacon Hotel was fantastic, I had e-mailed them to request a room on a high floor, and thats exactly what we got, a lovely big room on the 19th floor, with views looking out towards Central Park. The rooms were kept clean and the kitchen was a big bonus and very well equiped, with a full size fridge, (handy to keep the beers cold, which you need after a hard days walking!) microwave and coffee maker. Tea towels, dishclothes and washing up liquid are also provided.The staff very very helpful, and provided us with a great map. Location for us couldn't have been better, it is quieter than Mid town Manhattan which we liked, only 2 blocks from the Dakota Building and Central Park. Subway minutes away, which we found very safe and very cheap to use, ony 2 dollars each.Fairways, the deli over the road is an experience in itself, It must sell everything for everybody, its amazing!Viands is a Resteraunt/cafe next door and the food is lovely, most nights we were that shattered from being out all day that we used to phone for a take away delivered to the room, some may call that lazy, but we thought it was heaven! Starbucks on the next corner, of course, they're on every other corner.Must recommend that you book in advance for the empire state to avoid que's. we waited about 2 hours. Hardly any que for Rockerfella Building which to us, we thought had better views.Liberty and Ellis Island, we booked on-line which was a god send, saved on hanging around. good tip to arrive first thing in the morning.By far one of the most memorable things we done was to go for evening dinner with the world Yacht cruise, which we also booked on-line, it cost £94.00 which was worth every penny, the food and the service was fantastic, and as for the views of the manhattan skyline all lit up, well that was priceless.	
Dec 2 2006 	Good location spacious comfortable	This hotel was ideal for our needs on this trip. It is a reasonable walk from Lincoln Center, convenient to a good subway line (with direct connection to Penn Station), and surrounded by a residential neighborhood, so area restaurants have to stand or fall based on return business rather than a convenient location for tourists. The kitchenette, while very small, had a stove, oven, toaster, coffeemaker, and refrigerator, and a basic set of dishes and cookware (probably a microwave too, but we didn't use one so I don't remember), and there is a very extensive grocery store right across the street, so it is quite feasible to make your own simple breakfasts and pack lunches if you want to ease the financial stress of doing things in Manhattan. (The hotel is an excellent deal compared with others in Manhattan, but it's still well over $200/night). The restaurant connected with the hotel is not fancy but quite good. A few tips: the fitness center was closed for renovation when we were there in late November of 2006. Wireless internet is available for $10/day; there's also an &quot;internet center&quot; on the second floor that we didn't use but I believe is free to guests who sign up to use it at the front desk. The bathroom is not large and has a tile floor that can be cold, so I wished I had packed a pair of slippers. The concierge can arrange for &quot;Super-shuttle&quot; service to the airports for about $20/person. I did this and it worked out well, although it is a good idea to leave extra time for the shuttle to get through Manhattan traffic to pick up people at other hotels.	
Nov 26 2006 	Loved the location - wished the bathroom was bigger!	We stayed here w/ our 2 teen girls. I wish I'd realized that the bathroom was so tiny and off our bedroom and not off the living area but otherwise it was a great location and I enjoyed being on this side of town. Some of the staff were very helpful and others were a bit abrupt/rude but the facility was clean and well-cared for.	
Nov 21 2006 	Hotel Beacon was great!	I had researched the Hotel Beacon on Tripadvisor and it certainly lived up to me expectations. My daughter and I stayed for 4 days at the beginning of November. Our room was a good size, clean, with fresh towels every day and basically everything we needed for our stay. The staff were helpful without being too intrusive and the concierge Jason organised a shuttle bus for our return to the airport and gave us any help or information we needed with a lovely smile. The subway was only a 2 minute walk away and five minutes on the subway took us right into the centre of Times Square. We found a lovely place called Gigi's for breakfast near the subway stop on 72nd street and felt extremely safe in the area around the hotel. We are hoping to return to NYC as soon as possible and will definitely be staying at the Hotel Beacon again and again and would also recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 18 2006 	Great place to stay	The Hotel Beacon is a great place to stay in New York, walking distance to Central Park and the subway was only a few metres away. The supermarket across the road is really handy too. The rooms are quite comfortable and spacious.	
Nov 14 2006 	just the ticket	My brother and i booked this holiday in may, and we can't wait to go back again! This hotel was awesome! In all honesty we were slightly concerned about the location maybe being a little to out of the way, but the location couldn't have been better. it was excellent for the sub just hop on the 1 and two stops later you smack bang in the middle of times square it is also nice to walk all the way down broadway! The rooms are ace the beds are so comfy and there is so much space. I didn't think we would use the kitchenette but it was great to have if you wanted some cereal ot a cup of coffee at 2am! The reception staff could maybe have been a little more friendlier, but the consierege was great they could find any store for you in a matter of seconds and were great for booking the shuttle back to the airport! I recomend the Beacon to all and wouldn't hesistate staying there again!	
Nov 14 2006	Beacon	Everything about this hotel was lovely, clean rooms and friendly staff. The only drawback was that there is no restsurant in the hotel itself. There is however a diner next door which serves lovely food and delivers up to your hotel room for free.	
Nov 1 2006	A Fine Choice	After reading several positive reviews of the Hotel Beacon my family and I rented a room for 3 nights this fall. We enjoyed the Upper West setting with the easy access to Central Park. Although it was a bit noisy at night (we had a room facing the street) our overall experience was just fine. The staff are friendly and helpful. Although their prices are high ($250 per night), for NYC this was a bargain compared to other options we found. I would recommend this hotel to others and return to stay there myself.	
Oct 28 2006 	Fantastic Hotel	We have just returned from 5 days in New York and stayed at the Beacon Hotel. I had read some reviews before booking that weren't too favourable so was quite nervous about our stay there, but I have to say it was a fantastic hotel for the price.The room was huge with 2 double beds and a walk in closet. The kitchenett was great with a new fridge and microwave and everything you could need. The bathroom was lovely and had everything we needed. The room was really clean and made up every day. We over looked the Fairway Market and on our arrival on the Friday evening we could look out of our window across the street and see a ballet class taking place in the dance studio opposite.We were on the 12 floor and didn't find it too noisy at all. We were able to sleep with the windows open without being disturbed by the road noise.The subway is a 2 minute walk up the road. The Dakota Buildings and Strawberry Fields in Central park a 10 minute walk away. Time Square is a 25 minute walk away. There are some great shops near by and great places to eat and drink. The people are so friendly. When ever we got our map out people would stop to offer help.We will definately be returning to the Beacon Hotel for our next stay in New York and I thouroughly recommend it.Claire	
Oct 27 2006 	Wasn't as good as previous reviews	I booked this hotel on reading previous reviews and found some problems during my stay. First the good points I agree from previous reviews.Nice neighbourhood location, good size two roomed suite with kitchenette, close to subway about 3 stops to Times Square, Fairway market across street always open for anything !Hotel cost was far cheaper than Times Square hotels.Bad Points.No help with bags on arrival at hotel. We watched a number of elderly people arrive , as we did,and struggle inside with their bags while staff watched. When staff were asked for help you could feel their reluctance. The Concierge had to doulble as a bag man when asked and it was quite obvious it was below him ! Staff on front desk were surly and it certainly wasn't service with a smile.On a two roomed suite I had the bathroom was very small.Even on the 18th floor you could here delivery lorries to Fairway Market all through the night with their reversing beepers.Air conditioning units very noisy.I understand that only half of the rooms have been reconditioned, make sure you request one.No ice machines in hotel - you can buy ice at Fairways.This is just my opinion at the time of my 2 night stay. I was dissapointed as I felt it did not live up to previous reviews.On my next visit I will revert back to my normal Times Square area and pay the difference in price,	
Oct 20 2006	comfy and spacious	We had a long weekend in New York at the end of August, to visit our daughter who had just finished work at Stage Door summer camp and we needed somewhere for the three of us to stay as our base to explore the city.Had read reviews on Tripadvisor which put me off other hotels, and chose the Hotel Beacon on the strength of reviews. Very glad we did. Friendly and accommodating staff. Comfy and spacious room with two double beds, good storage, kitchenette and bathroom and still room to walk around the room. They would have cleaned every day if we let them. There's no restaurant on the premises, but there is one next door and there are enough choices within a few minutes walk for breakfast if you don't want to make your own. Subway only a couple of streets away. Central Park only 10 minutes walk.We had a great time in New York and this was helped along by having clean, comfy and safe accommodation, at a reasonable price. Would recommend this to everyone.A big thanks to previous reviewers!	
Oct 19 2006 	Great location	Selected the Beacon for our 10 night stay after reading reviews on this site and was not disappointed. Our apartment was on the 23rd floor with a great view of the Ansonia Bldg and just across from Fairways. Even though we were quite high up we could still hear the delivery trucks during the nite, so I would recommend earplugs but hey after a long day walking around NY wild horses couldn't keep us awake. Apt very clean and the joy of having a sofa to lounge around on of an evening, drink a beer, watch a movie - a great bonus. Kitchenette very basic,. I would recommend you bring a travel kettle to make tea, as we found it took quite a while to boil the kettle on the electric ring, resorted to heating water in microwave and then transferring to kettle on electric ring. Coffee maker supplied. Microwave a great bonus, as you can get almost anything to eat in Fairways A Sharp knife would be handy as well. Housekeeping was very good. Furniture a bit dated, but really clean. Never had to wait long for the lifts. Conceirge very helpful and laundry on 7th floor great, bringing clean clothes home a real novelty. Would highly recommend the Beacon Hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 19 2006 	I'll Be Back!	A great value for a NY hotel. Outstanding location, close to Central Park and the subway. Located in a nice uptown west side neighborhood with many good restaurants closeby. The kitchenette is a nice feature, and the Fairway Mkt across the street is a total joy, with absolutely everything in the food line. A very nice liquor store is next door.The bathroom was a little small, but adequate. When I return to NY, I will be going straight to this hotel, and will look no further.	
Oct 13 2006 	The Beacon is Best !	We just completed a wonderful four night stay at the Hotel Beacon. Frankly, I was concerned the reviews were too good to be true, but TripAdvisor members proved correct once again.The safe and comfortable Upper West Side residential location is truly perfect. A block from the subway, line one express stops at Times Square within 5-8 minutes - tops. We also took the same line all the way to the Staten Island Ferry at Battery Park. It is easy walking to Central Park and the Museum of Natural History. Tons of cafes, markets, etc., are all right out the door, as well as a Starbucks. We walked the area day and night, and never felt nervous or uneasy. Try Zabars famous gourmet market (turn right outside the door and walk for about four blocks then go across the street) for a truly delectable experience. The Fairway market, as others have said, is directly across the street for all your needs. We had a king room with kitchenette, and found deli/market food better than the cruise ship cuisine we'd just had. You'll find pharmacies, nail salons, and anything you might need very close by this hotel. We even attended the local church, which was lively and packed. The room itself was clean and spacious. We were on the 16th floor with a basic city view - nothing special at all. No complaints there, as that is not a big deal for us. Ammenities within the hotel itself are minimal, but I did read there is a gym attached to it or something now (ground floor) for a $5.00 per use fee. With all the walking and carrying packages, you won't need it ! My only &quot;complaint&quot; if you will is I could hear the people talking and their TV in the next room. The walls are on the thin side. It wasn't horrendous, but be aware if you are next to loud people or something, it could be a problem. It was not enough to deter us from staying again, however.The double-decker hop on and off city sightseeing buses are an excellent way to get acquainted with New York. Be prepared to stay on two hours plus if you don't hop off. Start early, as they get crowded. We did the 48-hour ticket and it was perfect. You can walk back to sights you want to see, without wasting time reading maps and arguing over directions :) Enjoy !	
Oct 13 2006	Great Hotel for the money	Great location, next door to the Beacon Theatre, and a great little wine shop, so you can get a couple of bottles for the fridge when you arrive.Plenty of fantastic stores and restaurants, the area is fairly affluent so the quality is good. Just along from Ruby Foo's Dim Sum Palace where the food and the staff are terrific. Plenty of 24 hour shops and restaurants too.Everything is cheap at the moment (with the exception of accommodation), due to the strength of the pound.Come out of the hotel and go right, next block you will find Filene's Basement, bit like an inner city outlet shop, great prices on lots of designer stuff, I thought it was better for men than women, still plenty of bargains. The hotel is clean, if a little old fashioned, the staff are friendly and professional, the concierge will organise anything you need or want, including transfers back to the airport.We found the beds a little on the small side, just standard doubles, but comfortable enough.Plenty of shops nearby, but we found out (from the taxi driver on the way back to the airport) that the cheaper prices are in the low number streets, below 22nd Street, Canal St for fakes and cheap tourist souvenirs, too late for us but next time. We paid $20 each for the Central Line tour along the Hudson to the Statue of Liberty, not worth it, take the Staten Island Ferry instead, it's free.Definitely recommend NYC and the Beacon.	
Oct 13 2006	Pleasant hotel good location	Stayed here for 2 days before and 1 day after an eastern USA trek in August 2005.The room was spotless, if a little dated, the reception staff very helpful and the location very convenient for exploring the city.I paid about $70 for the room, but I think this was a special rate negotiated by the trek organiser.The nearest subway station was 2 minutes walk away and Central Park was about 7-10 minutes.The hotel provided free unlimited internet access for guests which was great.My only complaint was the wait for the elevator. Even though my room was on the 13th floor, it was quicker to climb the stairs!! Things might have changed since my visit though.All in all the hotel was good value based on what I paid, and I would consider staying there again.	
Oct 7 2006 	Had a great city break in NY - the Beacon was great!	We stayed at the Beacon for our 5-night break to NYC. This was our first time to NYC.We booked the flights and accommodation separately, via virgin Atlantic and Virgin Holidays. We had a 2-room suite (bedroom and Lounge) with good size kitchen for about £140 per night - this includes 10% flight club discount.Our break was fantastic and the Beacon was a great base to start from. We could have saved a few quid if we had opted for just bedroom suite only as we did not really use the lounge, but the lounge would be great for families.We arrived on sat 30th Sept, unpacked and went for a walk to find somewhere to eat. Went to a Greek place called Niko's (out of the lobby, turn right, cross road, 5-10 min walk) great place to eat.The room at the hotel is spacious, clean, the bathroom is fine, good shower, and the kitchenette is handy for food and drink brought from the 'Fairway' supermarket across the road.I have no hesitation in recommending the Beacon.My only whinge was that our room was a little noisy due to a fault with the bedroom window, but after a long day sight seeing and stomping round Manhattan, I could sleep through anything.Time square is about 35 min walk (out of lobby turn left, keep walking down Broadway). We also walked back from the Empire state building, which was about 50 minutes.There are plenty of places to eat around the hotel area. The diner right next door is perfect for breakfast. Our favourite place for dinner was 'Ruby Foo's'. (Out of lobby, turn right, 5 min walk) A fusion of oriental cuisine Japanese and Chinese! Simply delicious!!Niko's as previously mentioned was great, but avoid 'Westside' (out of lobby turn left, 10 minutes on Broadway) unless you like cold lasagne.5 nights is perfect for your first trip to NYC. Here was our schedule that worked perfectly.SAT 6pm: check in, unpack, out to dinner at Niko's - bed.SUN: Museum of natural History (4-5 hours req'd)Walk through central park down to Times Square and explore.Walk back to Upper west side - Dinner at Ruby Foos.MON:Walk to Times sq for sightseeing bus (down town loop).get off at battery park for Statue of liberty, Ellis Island.back to Manhattan, walk to site of world trade centre (visit memorial - very moving).Hop onto sightseeing bus to Rockafella centre. visit 'top of the rock'Walk back to Upper west - dinner at Westside (yuk - never again).TUE:Walk through Central park to Guggenheim museum.Walk back through central park, got subway to 'Bodies' exhibition.Walked to Brooklyn Bridge. Subway back to Times Square to buy show tickets.Walk back to Upper west, brought food to eat at hotel.WED:Walked through central park to the Zoo.Walked down 5th Ave , 2pm 'Mamma Mia' at Broadway.Walked to NY Library, grand central station, Empire state building.Walked back to upper west side (50mins!!) dinner at Ruby Foo's.THUR:Check out - leave luggage at Beacon.Walked to times sq. for sightseeing tour of uptown loop.Back to beacon for transfer to JFK.Flight back to London.In summary, NYC is fantastic, felt very safe, we were lucky with the weather, and the Beacon worked perfectly for us.Enjoy NYC!!	
Oct 6 2006 	Great location friendly and clean	My parents were coming for a visit and I wanted them near my apt. The Beacon was one of three hotels I considered, and without a doubt the least expensive. I walked in and spoke to someone at the front desk who was so helpful and friendly that I felt good reserving a room there. My father has trouble walking and they have wheelchairs for guests, which I was able to use for their entire stay. The hotel even upgraded my parents to a handicapped room which was a fabulous suite--the size of a one bedroom NY apt., complete with kitchenette and table. Hotel Beacon is right across from Fairway and West Side Market, two of the best places in the neighborhood to food shop. With a kitchenette in each room, you can make a great breakfast or atleast a pot of coffee or tea. It's location right on Broadway and equidistant to two subway stops makes it a perfect place to stay and not be in the middle of midtown craziness. There were many Europeans staying at the Beacon which gave it a nice feel. I think this hotel is the best deal in town. I don't know why it doesn't have a higher star rating.	
Oct 6 2006 	highly recommanded	After checking many reviews on tripadvisor, we booked The Beacon for 4 nights in early September 2006, and we were completely happy with this pick!Even though our room (and, in a way, the whole place) was obviously a bit old-fashiond, we found everything in place and working well. The rooms were very spacious, everything was clean, and the kitchenette was a nice and helpful encore. Same for the bathroom, all was clean and absolutely OK.The hotel staff was not over-friendly, but always efficient and professionally helpful: When my parents were woken at night by a permanent beep (caused by a smoke detector's battery running low), they called the front desk. And even though my parents barely speak any English, the staff managed to understand the problem and solved it within 5 minutes at 03:00 am.A big plus is the location on Upper West Side. Good neighborhood, not too busy, but with 72nd street subway station only a 2 minutes walk from the hotel, you get everywhere in reasonable time. And I loved Central Park being away only a few blocks: Great scenery for a refreshing morning run!Most convenient is the Fairway Market right across the street, providing literally every food one could imagine, 24/ 7. And we also liked Viande Cafe within the hotel building for its breakfast (really good coffee!) and very friendly staff.The Beacon is excellent value for your money, we'll definitely stay there again next time in NYC!	
Oct 3 2006 	Great location - huge room	We stayed at the Hotel Beacon on a weeknight. It was so conveniently located - close to the subway, Central Park and Lincoln Center. We were able to walk or take the subway all over the city. Although we only booked a one bedroom suite, we were upgraded to a two bedroom suite. It was huge, probably larger than many apartments in Manhattan. It had two good sized bedrooms, each with two double beds, a spacious living room, two full bathrooms and a small kitchenette, complete with small refrigerator, microwave, stove and oven. There is a grocery store across the street and many restaurants very close. Starbucks is across the street and parking is extremely close and only $31/night. Although the room looked a little worn (rug, decor, etc.), it was very clean. Hotel staff could not have been more accomodating. They provided us with recommendations for restaurants, subway maps and sold us daily passes for the subway.	
Oct 2 2006	Great hotel - great location	We stayed at the Hotel Beacon in July. Two adults and 1 4 year old. the hotel is in a greta location on the upper west side, just two blocks from the 72nd street subway station. The room we had was great for us, two double beds, a kitchenette with microwave, fridge, oven, all crokery etc supplied, and cleaned everyday by the room staff. The location was just perfect, the Fairway market across the road had everything we needs from fresh bagels, to pre-cooked meals, there is a chemist just up the road and a great pizza place across the road and up a bit. good shopping in the area and a short walk to central park. One short block towards the park is a small children's playground for when we needed to let the 4 year old run free. The laundry in the hotel is handy, I used it three times during our stay and never had to wait etc. I would definately recommend tthis hotel to families, and travellers who don't want/need to stay right in the heart of Times Square etc.	
Sep 26 2006 	Your upper west side address	We stayed only one night, but it was great! As everyone has already reported, the rooms are generously sized and well-kept. Kitchenette is well-equipped. We stayed in king suite with two young sons (they had the sofabed in LR). The boys enjoyed very much as well. Parking was easy around the corner for $31/day. Subway entrance is in sight 1-1/2 blocks to south. Fairway market across street, La Brea card store for great cards and souvenirs, nice restaurants on Amsterdam, 72nd, CPW. Breakfast at on-site restaurant was good and reasonably priced. Very polite and helpful desk staff and concierge; baggage check (we checked out at 8am but toured city until 4pm). Would stay again.	
Sep 20 2006 	Excellent experience	We have stayed at several 2-3 star places on the Upper West Side and would definitely stay here again. Great location with clean, comfortable rooms. Europeans who are used to smaller rooms will be pleasantly surprised.We chose a suite just because we like the extra living space (3 adults in 2 doubles). Never opened the sofa bed so can't comment on that. Furniture in living room a bit worn, sort of like your grandmothers apartment. Great location as others have mentioned with lots of affordable very good restaurants nearby including the adjacent Viand. Staff was very pleasant and responsive to all requests. Plenty of closet space, bathroom clean but small. Full kitchen was nice especially the toaster for all the bagel places nearby Add this place to your list whenever you need a reliable hotel.	
Sep 20 2006 	Beacon was excellent	Recently spent 7 nights at Beacon on our 1st trip to New York from Scotland.View from our room on 23rd floor at rear of hotel was great.Room was large with two double beds and plenty of space round the beds.Bathroom/Shower was good &amp; the small kitchen alcove with Fridge/Microwave/Coffee maker/kettle &amp; two ring hob was neat &amp; very clean.Room was cleaned daily &amp; fresh supplies of teabags &amp; Coffee were left.As previous visitors have remarked Fairways supermarket which is open 24/7 is amazing with a great range of fruit/vegetables/cheese &amp; all sorts of deli items.Upstairs restaurant is great for breakfast &amp; also does dinner in the evenings.Also Bazars on 79th street is a real NY breakfast experience.Area around hotel is a welcome respite after the congestion of midtown &amp; as other people have said you feel you are with the locals rather than the tourists.There are plenty of bars/restaurants both on Broadway &amp; on the next few streets ie Columbus &amp; Amsterdam Avenues with loads of sidewalk tables. 72nd street Subway is less than 5 minutes away &amp; has lines 1,2 &amp; 3 all of which go through midtown &amp; one of which takes you right down to Staten Island Ferry terminal.Hotel issues complimentary detailed NY maps to help find your way around.They can also sell you daily &amp; weekly subway passes.Central park is also very near &amp; is great to walk through on your way back to the hotel after a tiring day taking in the sights &amp; sounds of NYFact that Beacon does not have a bar or restaurant is a positive thing as it encouragesyou to try the local bars &amp; restaurants.Bottom line is I would book Beacon again.	
Sep 13 2006 	Shining Beacon	My family and I stayed at The Beacon in August and found it to be a great place to stay. We thought that the location was ideal, within walking distance of the subway, Central Park, Lincoln Center and, I found, MOMA. If you like strolling, you could easily walk to Times Square from here. The neighborhood was as we wanted New York to be, full of life and not overly priced. Fairway and The Food Emporium meant we were able to eat cheaply and well, as did several of the restaurants within a 5 minute walk. We also enjoyed browsing in the stores close by, especially those with sales on!My wife and I stayed at The Waldorf last year, which was impressive as a building, but The Beacon, we thought, has the edge definitely over being a place to stay and be comfortable. Our two rooms were large, quiet (we were on the 11th and 16th floors, at the back of the hotel), well serviced and comfortable. The desk staff were polite, helpful and friendly at all times.This is the 4th time I have been to New York and The Beacon has to be the best place I have stayed in so far. A definite recommendation!!!	
Sep 7 2006 	Now We Know Where to Stay in New York	The Hotel Beacon is a great find in a great location on the West Side. From there we could walk to museums, and Lincoln Center.For $199, we got a clean, spacious suite overlooking Broadway, which, even though it overlooked a noisy street, the noise was well-suppressed. Having a well-equipped kitchenette was a bonus as we went to Fairway market to get whatever breakfast goods we needed. There are many fine restaurants and bars in this area as well.The check-in was quick and efficient, the rooms were ready even though it was 12:30 PM, and the checkout was also efficient.We'll remember the Beacon. This could be our home away from home.	
Sep 1 2006	new york new york!	I stayed at this hotel after a tour as a way of seeing new york city.staff are freindly,rooms are huge and its close to everything new york has to offer including walking distance to central park!	
Aug 22 2006 	Great Location	Stayed at the Beacon during the heat-wave in August 2006 with two young children, ages 9 and 6, and my husband. The location to the subway station was great-a short walk. The market across the street allowed us to eat breakfast in the room each day, thus saving money to do the tourist spots. Nice, small kitchenette (microwave, toaster, two-burner stove, coffee maker, dishes and silverware provided by hotel) was great for us. I would recommend buying either napkins or paper towels at the grocery next door. The hotel even provides dish soap and a cloth/towel so you are able to wash your dishes. The room included two double beds, a tv, and a small table with 2 chairs making it just the right size for the four of us. Housekeeping cleaned the room daily and a newspaper was delivered everyday. The staff was very friendly and has a great map of the subway and bus system. I would highly recommend this, especially if you are unfamiliar with the subway lines as this map saved us. The area around the hotel was under a lot of construction and after reading other reviews from this website, I requested a room high-up on a quiet floor. Even though we were on the market side on the 16th floor, the outside noise was still heard but by no means did it keep us awake or wake us up in the early morning. To request this room, I called 2 days before we were scheduled to check-in and the hotel staff had no problem with this request.We would stay here again if we were ever in New York City again. As a side note, I went ahead and purchased tickets for the Empire State Building, Statue of Liberty, Museum of Natural History (including the Rose Center) over the internet before we left on vacation. This was a huge life-saver and time-saver as we did not have to stand in long lines out in the heat!!!! Except for the security line as the Statue of Liberty with the special pass to go up to the pedestal and look up inside the Statue. The special pass is free but can only be obtained through the National Park Service website--it also allows you to walk through a very interesting museum all about the creation of Miss Liberty. All other visitors to the island can only walk around the Statue. A great trip!!!!!	
Aug 14 2006	Great Place to stay	I stayed at the Beacon in early August 2006. The room was a good size with a king sized bed, small kitchnette and bathroom. Good power shower and the towels were changed regularly. The air conditioning was efficient and kept the room at a constant temperature during one of the hottest of New York summers. There was a safe in the room but I used the free safe deposit box at reception. A free newpaper was delivered every morning. Hotel staff were polite and helpful.The diner next door knows that it is serving tourists and there are plenty of cheaper places around to eat according to your tastes and pocket. Do visit the market on the opposite side of the road which is always busy, even at 3am! The hotel is in a good area on the west side of Central Park, a safe place to walk in the evening. The main subway routes into mid town are two minutes away. I'd recommend the metro card which allows you to use the buses as well.	
Aug 11 2006 	excellent: location comfort courtesy	We stayed there 5 nights, a family of 4 (children 22 &amp;17). The small apartment was of a bedroom+livingroom with sofa-bed for two+small kitchen well-equipped. Just opposite to the hotel a large supermarket.Coin washing machine. Clean and the staf helpful.The only thing that will be improvement: if they had free internet. We had to pay each day. The location is very good, close to the subway.I am sure that in our next visit in NY we'll try to make reservation to the Beacon.	
Aug 9 2006 	Fifth Stay at the Beacon	Our daughter attends college in NYC, and I usually stay at the Beacon while visiting her. The location is excellent, near the A and 1 Trains, and it's a great neighbourhood for walking. The staff at the Beacon are also friendly &amp; efficient. However, as far as the rooms at the Beacon go, each one has been a very different experience, none of them quite perfect. There was the (rather small) king suite next to the elevator on the 22nd floor, views of Central Park, but... no running water (no bath, no toilet! nothing!) when we arrived. They did fix that the next day, but... 2 days' worth of construction noise in the utility space next to the room, and constant elevator noise. I called the front desk who offered to move me, but the view was so compelling I decided to stay put. The work noise finally ended, and it was ok after that (except for the elevator, but it really was a splendid view!). Also stayed with friends in a 1 bedroom suite, and that was very nice, except for the big, scary cockroach! just one, that was a year ago, and the only time I saw one. Because I read reviews here about street noise on the lower floors, I usually ask for a higher floor, but have stayed on the 9th floor, which was fine -- except for garbage pickup day. My most recent visit was 2 weeks ago on the 19th floor, facing west (just above the Fairway). TV didn't work very well, teeny kitchenette, barely room for the coffee pot, but the bathroom was fairly large and the closet, huge. I was happy, it was very quiet, very comfortable. The layout of each room I have stayed in has been different. Some double rooms are really big, with big kitchens; some suites are comparatively small (though big for NY standards). So would I stay again? yes. Excellent location, friendly staff, big rooms, handy kitchenette. I am sure I will stay at the Beacon again. (but not in the room next to the elevator!)	
Aug 4 2006 	Hotel Beacon	Although it was during the recent heat wave, our stay at the Beacon was wonderful. We requested, and received, a 20th floor room facing Central Park. The rooms are neat, and the kitchenettes are a great benefit. We went to the Fairway Market to buy breakfast essentials, but actually there is a market further up Broadway about 2 blocks that is a little better in our opinion. Close to the 72nd street subway and in a wonderful area, the Beacon is a great hotel.We will stay there again on our next trip to NYC.	
Aug 3 2006	Excellent hotel---loved the people and room	We stayed the last week in July. Checkin was fast and friendly. The double double room was spacious for New York (size of a Red Roof Inn) and the bathroom as marble. The room had a microwave, refgrig and stove along with utensels.The concerage was great, the desk staff always ready to help.The location on the upper west side cant be beat for subway access, restaurants and local residents all around.Super experience at the hotel, and the price was very reasonable compared to other budget level places.Will stay there again!!!	
Jul 25 2006 	A regular favourite for us	We have stayed at the Beacon more than ten times now and find the location etc just spot on for trips to our fave city. Its close to the Dakota building (for John Lennon fans) and is just a couple of blocks from the Lincoln Centre. There are two large cinemas within easy walking distance and there is a Filenes basement closeby.The rooms are spacious and have their own kitchenettes. There are some good supermarkets opposite so self catering is good. However we haven't bothered much since Viand (24 hr diner)opened up downstairs. Viand serves cheap and good quality food.There is a laundrette on the seventh floor which is handy if you don't want to take dirty clothes home with you!The only down side we have found is that if you go in February/March a large chunk of the hotel is occupied by school groups. I don't know about you but we didn't appreciate hoardes of teenages running riot (British I'm sad to say). To their credit the hotel staff did their best but I would recommend checking if similar groups are booked in when you want to go.	
Jul 21 2006	ok hotel	stayed 5 nights in double then a suite . (2 adults 2 children ) Would suggest a suite offers better value as 2 large rooms for not a lot more than a standard room . Decor ok . Everything worked . Staff ok . Nothing special but reasonbly priced hotel in great position in Upper West side and close to underground station	
Jul 18 2006	Our Place	Hotel Beacon is located on Broadway between 74th and 75th, Upper West Side, walking distance to Central Park, Museums, etc. It is an older hotel that has been remodeled, marble baths, kitchenettes. It was clean and the A/C worked well. The rooms are spacious, enormous compared with anywhere else we have stayed in NYC. We have stayed in singles, one-bedroom and two-bedroom suites. It is a mostly residential neighborhood and it is very quiet, however there are shops, Sephora, pharmacy, Filene's, etc. Directly across the street is the Citadella Bakery and Fairway Market. The lovely market and the kitchenette work well to have snacks, some meals in the room, good for traveling with children, families. Besides the produce is just wonderful. There is room service through restaurant next door, Viandes. They have a concierge, theatre packages and seasonal special rates. There is no swimming pool, but the trade off for the size of the rooms and other amenities makes it an excellent value. Unless something changes, this is &quot;our place.&quot;I would rate it between above average and excellent.	
Jul 16 2006	An Excellent Value with a Great Location	My spouse and I rely on Trip Advisor for guidance in selecting hotels when we travel, so we spent many hours reading others' reviews and studying the options before we chose the Beacon Hotel. We've traveled from the West Coast to New York City many times (our son lives in NYC), but, until this trip, we have never been satisfied with the lodging we've chosen.We were very pleased overall with this hotel. We stayed 4 nights and were able to get a daily rate of $180 (plus the taxes, etc.) We hoped to avoid the noisest and most congested parts of Manhattan and wanted to be near the 1 subway line. (I suppose it is 2 1/2 blocks from the hotel to the subway entrance, but it feels like a walk of one block). Other positives of our stay at the Beacon included:1. The location is superb - many others have covered this in their reviews.2. The hotel was very clean.3. The staff was friendly and professional. (This fact bears mentioning, because it is often not the case, in my experience; even in more expensive hotels in New York.)4. Our room was quite large by New York standards. (We had a standard room with 2 double beds and a kitchenette.)5. The room was remarkably quiet and peaceful (more on that below).6. The maid service was excellent. The first day we slept in due to a late arrival and the time change. We didn't leave the room until late afternoon. Nonetheless, the room was cleaned cheerfully at that hour. 7. The kitchenette was adequately equipped and will allow you to have some meals in, if you wish. Fairway Market across the street has great produce (grocery items are overpriced) and it remains open until 1a.m., I think. Other markets are close by.8. We stayed during the heat of mid-summer. The air conditioning in our room was excellent. The room had its own heating/cooling unit. We could easily set the temperature (within one degree) and got nearly instant response. Room units do make a little noise, but it wasn't a problem (and, alas, I'm oversensitive to noise). We knew we would be arriving late so we phoned early that day to request a quiet, non-smoking room, located high up in the hotel. (I also indicated that preference on the online reservation, but experience has taught me that often does no good at all.) The phone call worked: Our request was honored perfectly. We were on the 18th floor at the end of the hall and the entire floor was non-smoking. It was so nice to be able to return to the hotel to a quiet, cool room.The hotel was old, but our room was upgraded substantially. Nice tile in the bathroom; new cupboards in the kitchenette. Yes, the carpet was old and the bedspreads looked as unappetizing as most hotel bedspreads, but we felt very comfortable in this room.Nice folks in the lobby arranged a shuttle for us to Kennedy Airport. (This required cash. We were able to pay for almost everything else - except cabs - by credit card.) For those who don't know, you can travel from Kennedy or LaGuardia (I'm not sure about Newark) TO Manhattan for a fixed cab fee; but the trip BACK to the airport from Manhattan is on the meter if you take a cab.Small problems: 1. Another recent reviewer mentioned the raised marble step into the bathroom. This is not a good situation at all. We placed a stack of cardboard on the floor in front of this to prevent injury. (No joke, I'm sure this has caused broken or painfully bruised toes.)2. The beds were hard; not firm, but hard! This is a problem in lots of hotels (perhaps because this makes the mattresses last longer). I had to strip the bed, double up the bedspread and put it under the mattress pad and bottom sheet. That helped a little but was still not adequate. I realize this will not be a problem for all people. 3. A nitpick, I suppose, but I wish management would allow late check outs. They were inflexible on this; which is ridiculous, because they obviously can not clean all the rooms at the same time. Also, they require you to check out in person in the lobby, without adequate staff. In my experience, most hotels provide some form of express check out (often through the TV's). Instead, we had to wait in a long line to check out. Overall, we were very happy with our stay at the Beacon Hotel and plan to stay there on future visits. After reading all the reviews here I was a bit fearful that the hotel would be a bit run down. We did not feel that was the case at all.	
Jul 7 2006	Overall a splendid place to stay	Just back from staying at The Beacon where I had a wonderful stay.Friendly staff and very clean rooms where towels were changed daily.Great little restaurant next door called Viand.Food was wonderful as was the choice and service.Excellent value for New York.One very minor downside is the corridors and room decor etc are looking a bit tired but hey you aren't there for the hotel decor.Overall a splendid place to stay.	
Jul 5 2006	great time	me and my wife stayed there for five nights the staff were very freindlythe room was very clean there is a great shop acroose the road were youcan get about anything.the subway was a two minute walk some restarants near byand a couble of good pubs if i was going to new york again i would stay there again	
Jun 25 2006	Location Location Location - Hotel Beacon is where it's at	Spent three days and nights in NYC (6/22 - 6/24) with my wife and three teenage daughters who were all seeing the Big Apple for the very first time. The Hotel Beacon was an excellent launching point for our daily and nightly journeys all over Manhattan.Location is just about fifty yards from one of the main subway stops, 72nd and Broadway, and for seven dollars a day (until 3 am) or twenty four dollars for seven days, you can travel unlimited on the subways. We took the subway everywhere and felt very same at all hours of the day and night.Specifics about the hotel:Great points: LOCATION. Two blocks west of Central Park. Great neighborhood. Fine breakfast/lunch cafe next door, full liquor store/wine shoppe next door the other way and directly across the street from the Fairway, one of the few full service grocery stores in all of Manhattan. Also across the street from a parking garage which is $31 a day with a hotel stamp - otherwise it would be $40 a day. Rooms were bigger than I was expecting for NYC. We did have five people with each of my daughters agreeing to sleep on the floor on a sleeping bag one night each. We never told the hotel we had five people and never received any hassles. Concierge has great map of Manhattan and Subway system that was our bible to the city. We could get anywhere with our map and the subway and a little help from a lot of friendly New Yorkers. Kitchenette was handy. Refrigerated worked great - don't turn it up to the top setting unless you want your Milk and soda to freeze like ours did. One of my daughters used the stove top to cook some rice and we also used the toaster. It's a little hard for me to say the price was GREAT but compared to all the other hotels I researched, it was a bargain. Total Bill for three days including 30 minutes in the internet cafe ($5) and one day of in room high speed internetn service ($10) was $675 - hotel was $210 a night plus four more taxes added in. We found the concierge, front desk, and other staff members very helpful at all times and would not hesitate recommending the Hotel Beacon to anyone elseCouple of small nits - I understand some of the concerns about the A/C. We kept it on High the whole time and were comfortable most of the time and it was in the mid 80's and humid in NYC during our stay. There is a small marble ledge leading up into the bathroom that I absolutely smashed my left foot into one morning. They should have some type of leveling plate on that. We just put a towel over it the rest of our stay so nobody else mashed a toe. Bathroom didn't have a fan and had poor ventilation so no to get too graphic here, we would send people to the 2nd floor public bathrooom if they had any real &quot;business&quot; to do as the whole room would otherwise smell. This was not a big inconvenience given all of the postives.Summary of our trip, in just 2.5 days we did more than five people humanly should including riding the Staten Island Ferry (it's free) past the Statue of LIberty, going up in the Empire State Building (not worth the cost or time), shopping and eating in Chinatown, visiting Ground Zero, now just called the &quot;WTC site&quot;, saw both &quot;Chicago&quot; (fantastic) and &quot;The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee&quot; (hilarious) on Broadway, ate at a friends deli on Park Avenue, the girls shopped until they dropped at Century 21, H &amp; B, Bloomingdales, Macy's, and all the wholesale shops on Broadway in the Garment District, ate great Pizza at three places, visited Times Square (our kid's favorite place) and sampled the night life in the West Village on Bleeker Street as well as getting crazy at Hogs and Heifers which is supposed to be the place that gave rise to the Coyote Ugly practice of dancing on the bar. Wild, wild place. Thank you everybody who bought us shots (I think) although staying out until 4 am made our ride back to Mississippi the next day a little more challenging.Overall we had a fantastic time and I thank Trip Advisor and all the other people who give their input into helping to make the trip such a success. I don't know what I'd do without Trip Advisor.Bottomline, the Hotel Beacon met all of our expectations and we will most likely return sometime in the future.Steve and Beth SzaboJackson, Mississippi	
Jun 1 2006	O K for a short stay	Stayed for a couple of nights in May. The location was fine, rooms a little worn but comfortable. Bathroom small but clean. The staff at reception were OK, but a minimum charge of $5 to use the internet for a few minutes was a bit too much.No breakfast, but next door sold a full breakfast for about $8. Overall quite good	
May 30 2006	Perfect NYC base camp if you have a small child	My 3 year old's main passion in life is dinosaurs so my wife and I promised we would take him to the Natural History Museum in NYC. He almost turned inside out with excitement when he saw their collection and his mother and I were almost as pleased with the Beacon. It is a perfect home away from home for familties.PROS: - Easy walk from Central Park and the Museum, even for a 3 year old, plus a very nice public playground along the way. Safe, tree-lined streets.  - $220 a night for a suite with a small kitchen. You can put the little one to bed, close the door, and the adults can have a drink or snack, or watch TV without disturbing him. - Fairway Market across the street. You can buy anything there ( I think they are open 24 hr). You can save major money and avoid the hassle of eating in a restaurant with a toddler and prepare all you need in your own kitchen. - I went out to buy a bottle of wine and strolled around the neighborhood a little. As other reviewers have said you do feel like a local. There are newsstands, curbside book vendors (at least on Sunday), and many small shops, bars and restaurants. Many trees, too. - The hotel lobby is clean and inviting, the staff was polite and efficient, we requested wineglasses be brought to the room and they arrived quickly. CONS: - None to speak of, really. Some might find the decor and architecture a bit dated but it is an old building and I found it reminiscent of the classy old days of NYC. Everything was very clean and no bugs, bed or otherwise. - My son had one disapointment, though. We went to the museum first and when we were walking into the hotel later he asked in a loud voice &quot;DO THEY HAVE DINOSAURS IN HERE TOO?&quot; He now thinks all big buildings in NYC should have dinosaur skeletons in them. The Beacon does not have any dinosaurs but does have everything else you need to relax and explore NYC. Will return.	
May 23 2006	Fantastic hotel	We stayed at the Beacon Hotel for 6 nights the week before Christmas 2005 on our honeymoon. I was referred to this hotel by a friend who had stayed there 6 times and also the Flight Centre. The photos do not do the hotel justice. It looks quite old in the photos but the room is very spacious and though the furniture is a bit dated, the beds were comfy and everything was clean. This hotel has everything you need. The kitchenette is handy, we had breakfast every morning purchased from across the street at Fairway. 72nd st station was a few metres away (which we missed the first day there!) and that takes you everywhere. The subway is easy to use. We had a weekly metro card which you can top up, with trips anywhere costing something like $2.20/trip. There are also many, many laundrettes around the hotel. There's also a camera shop around the corner where we dumped our photos from our memory card onto CD at. We couldn't find this facility anywhere! The only thing I would strongly recommend is checking out early. We went down 45 mins before and the lobby was packed. This hotel is in a great location. It is easy to walk around the area and to get to other places. Our first day we walked down to Fifth Ave which wasn't too far away. We highly recommend this hotel. Enjoy your stay.	
May 23 2006	Would Stay Here Again!	We stayed here two days at the end of a nine-day trip to New York in April. I had been unable to get a room at the Beacon for the entire time, so we compromised by splitting our stay between two hotels. I wish I had made reservations earlier so that we could have stayed here the whole time!I was in a funk at first because I had lost my camera somewhere between hotels, but the staff was sympathetic and friendly. The room was very comfortable, and it had a mini-kitchen with basic utensils. It is only a short way to the subway or bus, and there were many interesting restaurants and shops in the neighborhood. You could walk to Central Park!Best of all, there is a wonderful market right across the street that has a large selection of food. In their health food section their granola section was the largest I've ever seen.We were on the eighth or ninth floor, and in the morning I woke up to find sunlight streaming in the window. Seeing this, I suddenly realized that in the previous hotel, where we had also stayed on the eighth or ninth floor, the buildings around us were so high that we never got direct light while we were in the room and we often thought that the day was overcast until we got out to the sidewalk to find that it was actually a clear day. Again, I would like to comment on the friendly staff. When you came into the lobby there was always someone who smiled instead of being annoyed that you were just another tourist. That made a great difference!	
May 22 2006	Good standard accomodation	We visited NY for 4 days/nights.The room was clean and well serviced. Very handy to the supermarket, liquor stores and local attractions. We did the 48 hour hop on/ hop off tour. The second day we picked up the tour from opposite the Dakota Hotel about a 10 min walk from the Beacon. The checkin staff were not helpful and I found their attitudes rather rude. I asked for a few basic directions eg which way to Time Sq, how long it would take to get there instead I was handed local map. Eye to eye contact was never made and hardly a word spoken by the concierge. We asked for help booking our return shuttle to the airport and were told it wasn't his job but he did it begrudgingly.The kitchenettes are small, I had to cook 1 breakfast at a time as we only had 1 small frypan. But the laundry facilities were very handy.We didn't let it affect our time in NY, the negitive was outweighed by the positive. If you are looking for A1 service don't stay here.	
May 15 2006	Wonderful Hotel	I have read many reviews trying to find a good hotel and this did live up to the comments. We stayed at the Beacon the week after Easter and found it very comfortable for a family of 4. The room we had had two full beds in one room and a sleeper sofa in the other. The kitchennette was a saver. Wtih the Fairway across the street we were able to save money by eating breakfast in our room and packed munchies as we explored the city. The location is very convienent with a subway station just a block and a half away. You can get to any part of the city very easily. We did not feel uncomfotable walking around at night in the neighborhood or riding the subway at night. There are plenty of resaurants to choose from in the area and most of them were family friendly. A woderful restaurant we tried was Josies on Amsterdam. The park and the Natural History museum are within walikng distance. The area is completely different taht being in Times Square. It was nice to be able to walk around the neighborhood and not be crammed on the sidewalk or worrying about losing the kids in a crowd. We would recommend the Beacon Hotel to anyone and we plan on going back to this hotel the next time we go the New York.	
May 12 2006	Depressing Decor Great Location.	In my opinion, the only thing the Beacon Hotel has going for it is it's excellent location and friendly staff. The Hotel itself is in desperate need of a facelift. The rooms are antiquated and are painted a disturbingly gloomy shade of pink. The air conditioning system belongs in the National HIstory Museum and the bathrooms are uncomfortably small. To best conjure the perfect image, think dodgy seaside B&amp;B in a backwash town circa 1970's and you have the Beacon interior. Do not expect 'any' of the usual perks and luxury you would usually expect from such a costly hotel. Although shabby, the rooms are clean and a newspaper is delivered, roughly every second day, however that is the extent of it. On the upside, the Beacon Hotel is situated beside Filene's Basement Department Store and adjacent to 72nd Subway station. I urge you to utilize the subway, great efforts have been made to make it safe. My mother is in her 70's and is happy to use it alone (during daylight hours). The Hotel receptionist will furnish you with a good map free of charge.In real terms, it's hard to get great accomodation in NY unless you are willing to bend your platinum card, however, it is really not good enough to pretend that this hotel is acceptable under modern day value for money standards. Rather, consider it the best of a bad bunch within the room rate bracket.	
Apr 27 2006	Beacon is the best!	My family and I stayed in a standard room on the 5th floor facing the Fairway market. The other reviewers are correct--bring your earplugs--the delivery trucks begin coming at 3am every morning. With earplugs, it's no problem. The good news is that the Beacon is just wonderful! The 72nd street express subway station is only 2 1/2 short blocks away. In one stop, you can be at Times Square. The area around the Beacon is easy to explore by foot. There are actually signs warning drivers not to honk their horns, and it works! The area feels like a neighborhood (unlike Times Square and Midtown). The American Museum of Natural History is an easy walk; and the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a slightly longer, but enjoyable, walk to the east side of Central Park. In the standard room, the kitchenette consists of a half-sized refrigerator, a two-burner stovetop (with teakettle), a sink, toaster, and a microwave. We ate H&amp;H bagels every morning in our room (just 5 blocks up Broadway for some of the best bagels), and we ate dinner in our room. We saved a lot of money eating in, and it was easier for our kids to relax at the end of the day in the room rather than having to behave at a restaurant. There are also some wonderful-looking restaurants in the neighborhood. We feel that the Beacon was a perfect place from which to explore the city.I can't figure out why the site lists the Beacon as a one-star hotel. It seems worthy of at least 3 stars.	
Apr 27 2006	Enjoyed It at the Beacon	When we first arrived we though we were out on a limb as we had previously stayed at Times Square, but after finding our bearings we appreciated staying a little out from the hustle and bustle, being able to have the choice to walk through Central park, on Broadway and catch the many sights of New York or catch the very handy Subway to anywhere in Manhattan.The rooms were clean and very comfy beds, although they were perhaps in need of a little decoration, but by no means let this put you off.The consierges were very helpful, with maps available of Manhattan and they were only too happy to answer any questions and also booked our helicopter ride with Liberty Helicopters, which saved us any headache.There was a very handy supermarket straight across the street and a wine merchants on the corner which was very handy! The fridge was a god send especially with having two children travelling with us and obviously to chill wine.There are numerous restaurants nearby to suit the majority of tastes.ENJOY!!	
Apr 24 2006	Thumbs up for the Beacon	Stayed at the Beacon for 5 nights over Easter. We were in a 1 bedroom suite on the 4th floor. Niggles first - if you are at the front of the hotel, there is early morning noise from the deliveries to the (wonderful) Fairway market, so bring your earplugs. The room safe was broken, and I spotted some crumbs on the floor at the side of the cooker. However, using the hotel safe was easy and free, and the suite was otherwise very clean, if in need of redecoration. I would be more than happy to stay here again.The hotel is in a great situation, very handy for the subway, and for Central Park. We mostly ate breakfast in the room, but were pleased with breakfast at the diner downstairs, where we also had a decent evning meal.If you get chance in amongst the more obvious sightseeing, the Tenement Museum on the Lower East Side is a gem for a bit of social history.	
Apr 18 2006	Spacious apartment hotel in great location	We had a one bedroom apartment on the 5th floor for a 7 day stay over Easter.The apartment was spacious especially by NYC standards,with two double beds in the bedroom and a living room with a kitchenette at the end.(Good sized fridge).The marble bathroom was small but perfectly adequate.The coin operated laundry on the 7th floor with six washing machines and six tumble dryers was a very useful amenity.Decor a bit dated, but beds and sofabed comfortable.The staff are friendly and the Concierge supplied us with maps, booked our helicopter flight and offered useful advice about how to get to Yankee stadium etc.The location is great,opposite Fairways(food market to rival any)close to 72nd street subway,express stop,easy walk to Central Park and Riverside Park.Apartment cleaned and sheets changed every day.All the benefits of a hotel, but no guilty feelings when you take in your own food and drink.	
Apr 18 2006	Good hotel for the price	Stayed at the hotel Beacon 5 nights in April.The lobby of the hotel is very nice, and give a very good first impression.The elevators are old and tired ( also some spooky sounds from them sometimes ), and both corridors and rooms are a bit old and tired.The rooms are anyway clean and spacious with a fair bathroom. There is a fridge in the room, and also a small oven where you can cook your own meal, and a coffee machine. Very nice.Location is very good, close to underground number 72.There is a supermarked named Fairway just across the street, which will serve you with all your needs 24 hours. Frontdesk and tour desk was professional and ok, but nothing special.All in all this is good value for the low price.Recommended.	
Apr 17 2006	Excellent - highly reccomended	We have just returned from 3 nights at the Beacon. The hotel is very clean, in a great location (close by to many restaurants that are reasonably priced, grocery stores, museums, subway etc..) The staff were very friendly and very keen to please. We have stayed in other more expensive hotels in NY which had much smaller rooms with no kitchentte, and without a doubt, the Beacon is fantastic value for money - with little compromise on quality or service.	
Apr 12 2006	Even better than expected	We have just arrived home after spending 5 nights at the excellent Beacon Hotel. We had booked following recommendations read here and were not disappointed, in fact it was even better than we had expected. Our room was spotlessly clean, comfortable and well equipped, the kitchenette was an added bonus. We had great views from the 24th floor toward the Hudson River (spectacular sunsets!)and we found the location of the hotel excellent, a short walk to Central Park or the subway which takes you directly to Times Square. The Fairway Market just opposite was amazing, even for someone who hates shopping, vegetarians are well catered for there so no problem finding my veggie bits and bobs. Absolutely no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone wanting value for money and good quality accommodation. We are definitely going back!	
Apr 7 2006	A shining light	We have just arrived home today after 6 wonderful nights spent at the Beacon. We chose it after reading hundreds of hotel reviews on this site, and we were not disappointed. In fact we were thrilled with the size, quality and cleanliness of the rooms, the courtesy of the staff, and the location. It's on the M104 bus route to midtown /Times Square area and 2 mins walk to 72nd St subway station which is on the 1,2 and 3 routes. Every major part of town is accessible from here, including Times Square, Staten Is Ferry, Brooklyn and Bronx. Central park is an easy 10 minute stroll. The neighbourhood has a more laid back feel than the hectic midtown areas, and with plenty of good eateries nearby it's a real winner. If ever we are privileged to visit NY again we shall certainly stay here.	
Mar 26 2006	Great Location	We stayed at the Beacon between 19th and 23rd March 2006 based on the reviews given on Travel Advisor. Hotel is very clean it is slightly dated however would definately return. The room had two double beds, a safe, mircowave and fridge. Staff in the hotel more than happy to help. Our flight was not until 21.25, hotel more than happy to store the luggage until we were picked up. You can see the subway station from the hotel, 1 stop to Time Square on the express line. Would recommend Macy's basement for food. Fresh pasta cooked in front of you for $7 - excellent taste and value. 21st Century Department is great for shopping bargains, its diretly across from Ground Zero.	
Mar 23 2006	Fabulous - Can't recommend it enough!	This hotel is FABULOUS, can't recommend it enough. Having stayed in cramped, not too clean places in midtown the Beacon was a revalation. BIG room, flat screen TV, fully equipped kitchenette, nice bathroom, couldn't have wished for a nicer hotel. Even the view was great, from the 24th floor I could see clean across the Hudson River. Makes a nice change from a grimy brick wall or an air conditioning unit which is usual for NYC! Subway is only a 2 minute walk away, so easy to get to anywhere.Great food shops nearby and a nice diner downstairs, so no need to go far for breakfast!Very nice staff too. When I went to make a phone call home, the operator intercepted me dialling out and recommended I buy a $10 phone card from the front desk as it would save me a lot of money. And it did!!! Decent of them to point this out to me.	
Mar 23 2006	Good Place	An inexpensive hotel that would pass easily as a three star property in Europe. Good room which are well decorated with decent sized bathroom. Try and get an upper floor for the best views. We were on floor 22 so we could see over the Hudson river and in to Jersey. Location near to Subway and the excellant Zabar's deli and coffee shop. No better place for breakfast in New York.	
Mar 22 2006	Excellent Hotel and Service	Just returned from a week at the Beacon Hotel. Excellent hotel, location and staff. Planning second trip already and will definately be returning to this hotel. Highly recommend room 1909 completely refurbished, only downside faces Fairway market which can be quite noisy during the early hours when deliveries are being made, not good if your a light sleeper like me. We did tried Vinnies pizzeria as recommended on tripadvisor, never go there again worst pizza I have ever had. Plenty of other great restuarants to choose from and your never faraway from Starbucks which is always good news. We were there for the St Patricks day parade which was fantastic. Next trip planned for fall to see Central Park in all its glory. This hotel is so close to Central Park that we walked through it everyday, its amazing.	
Mar 20 2006	definitely loved beacon	we stayed at beacon for 3 nights and i must say we really loved it.previous reviews on this hotel made us decide to try it this time and they were right..the room was big with 2 double beds and the kitchenette is a big plus.the room was cleaned everyday,so no problems in that as well.our room was a smooking room( not our choice though) ,but it didnt smell the single bit.it was the same as a nonsmoking one. the hotel's location was great,we usually stay in times sq. area but we really liked the neighbourhood.the fairway is just across the street, a starbucks on the corner and a lot of different options around.we wld definitely come back to this hotel.	
Mar 14 2006	Great place to stay	My husband and I had fantastic time at Beacon and in New York. We were there for 4 nights Feb 9-13 2006 and were thrilled to experience the biggest ever recorded snowfall in New York - 27 inches in Central Park!Had researched many hotels and reviews before booking and can confirm Beacon is one of best deals. Hotel clean, warm, heating works! Rooms massive - 2 double beds. Powerful shower with plenty of hot water at midnight when we arrived. Kitchenette etc all as per other reviews, great! Reception staff accommodating. We arrived late and although I had previously e-mailed to request non-smoking room these are allocated on arrival so we had smoking room 1st night. However, there was no evidence of its use as a smoking room - smell and condition of room no different to non-smoking room we were swiftly moved to for rest of our stay. So if arriving late would advise telephone beforehand. Don't use hotel phones - we didn't, but got a $5(£3) phonecard which gave us over 3 hours uk landline calltime! You can use card in public hotel phones on 2nd floor. Once you have dialled number, you are told how much calltime you have. Also bad idea to order takeout - massive pizza but as we'd ordered 2 bill was also massive! Citypass good value, everything in New York a must and of course impossible in one visit! Some of best times we had were in Manhatten Diner a couple of streets up from hotel on Broadway. Excellent food, value and well frequented by local residents!Subway great, we got 7 day pass as good value. Covers all of New York City. We had no problems using it late night as plenty of people still about. We also used AirTrain/subway link to travel to/from hotel/airport. No problems with traffic and cheapest transfer fare. However, elevators/lifts for AirTrain but not at other subway stations. Need cash for subway tickets as credit cards can only be verified if you are U.S. resident. Clothes not generally cheap, best value Gap, Old Navy and Dave's (where you can get Levi's for under £20). The latter 2 shops are virtually opposite each other on 6th Avenue (of the Americas) at 16th St. I managed to break my wrist ice-skating in Central Park but this didn't mar our stay. Lenox Hill Hospital staff great, efficient, just make sure you have travel insurance! Preferably with an office address in U.S. then hospital can bill them direct!Go and enjoy!	
Mar 5 2006	Great Hotel great location	Had no hesitation about booking this hotel again for my second trip to New York. The room was clean, comfortable and, from my experience, quite large. The bathroom could be considered small, but I did not find this a problem. The room also contains a small fully equiped kitchenette area, with fridge, microwave and a two ring stove top (including a coffee maker and tea/coffee which was topped up daily). Wireless internet is also available, but this carries a daily charge if used. The access code needs to be obtained from reception and it changes daily. New flatscreen TV in the room, with a huge selection of free TV channels. Also, the usual selection of pay tv. But why bother, if you want to pay to see movies then there are several cinema multiplexes within a few blocks walking distance from the hotel (and cheaper too).As for hotel's location, couldn't be better, in a residential area on the Upper West Side. Only two stops from Penn station on the express subway line and one from Times Square. The hotel is only 1-2 blocks from the 72nd street subway station. Across the street is the excellent Fairway 24hr supermarket and a few blocks away is probably the best deli in New York, Zabars. Also, within a stone's throw from the hotel entrance are numerous Starbucks, cafes, diners and restaurants. All in all a great place to stay. BTW, both times I stayed here I managed to get great rates, less than half the hotel's own advertised rate, by hunting round the various online booking agencies.	
Feb 26 2006	Good hotel great rooms.	We stayed at the Beacon hotel from Feb. 20th till 23rd and would recommend it to anyone who likes to visit New York and not pay too much for designer hotels, rooftop pools etc. We liked having a kitchenette in our room to make coffee and toast in the morning and to keep some cold drinks for our evening rituals before going out at night. The room was larger than expected, the bathroom was rather tiny though. Very important (for me as a Dutch shopper), within walking distance you will find Victoria's secret, Sephora, Pottery Barn, Urban Outfitters and Barnes &amp; Noble and at Columbus mall: J Crew etc....for all the stuff you won't find in Europe.	
Feb 21 2006	Great hotel good location	We stayed here from the 15th Feb to the 19th Feb 2006. The hotel is in a good location, only 2 blocks away from the subway. We stayed in room 1909, which had recently been decorated, the rooms here are much bigger than any other room i have stayed in new york, with the bonus of a fridge and cooker. Fairways supermarket is right across the street. Over all a great stay was had, and i have already booked to stay here again in the summer..	
Feb 19 2006	Great hotel!!	I stayed at The Beacon from 10th to 14th February. It's a great hotel and I highly recommned it. It is on the Upper West Side, a few minutes walk from a subway which will take you to the busy areas (Times Sqaure etc) within a few minutes.My room was huge with fantastic views over the city on two sides of the room. It was room 2412. The little kitchette was great and well stocked with items. It's great if your on a budget and want to cook something light in the evening or for breakfast rather than eating out. There is a wonderful supermarket ouver the road listed in a few guide books - called Fairways. It was great for bagels etc if you want to self cater.The hotel has no bar of it's own but that is no big deal. There is a free same in the room and the staff were polite and helpful.I'd definitely stay there again!	
Jan 27 2006	Don't tell everyone !	Fantastic location, great hotel, felt like we lived in NY for a week. Don't tell everyone, before you know it looses it's charmes.	
Jan 26 2006	Fantastic place to stay	Our family of seven, 5 adults and two children stayed at the Beacon from the 18th Dec to 26th Dec 2005 to enjoy our xmas in New York, as expected everthing was great about the Beacon, location is really good, rooms are a good size, we had rooms on the 25 &amp; 27th Floors with a view as requested, the rooms are great with a small kitchenette, which we did not use a great deal as the option of eating out was much better, the meals and service at Viand Cafe downstairs was great, very nice people, and great food at reasonable price, good laundry, nice new Lobby. Plenty of food markets closeby to the Beacon, The Fairway is directly across Broadway from the Hotel, even had vegemite (for the Aussie visitors). The one big problem we encountered was the strike by the Transit people (first time in 25 years), no buses or trains, if you know New York this is a disaster, particulary at Xmas time, but we managed to turn the negative into a positive, taxis and a lot of footwork, even visited a lot of places that we normally would not have gone to.We had a great stay for our second visit at the Beacon, would definitely stay again, hopefully one day.	
Jan 18 2006	The Beacon: We loved it -- again!	We stayed at the Beacon for the second time (first time was in 2002), and we loved it again. The room was clean, comfortable, and relatively spacious, everything worked well, a request for an extra towel and more tissues was fulfilled in minutes, and the location is superb. It's a block to the subway and just a short walk from great restaurants, Barnes &amp; Noble, movie theaters, and Central Park, and most importantly, it is across the street from the wonderful Fairway Market. The kitchenette seals the deal: it's a great value for a family wanting to &quot;eat in&quot; to save money on meals. Look for their specials on their website; our room was $170/night before taxes and was perfectly comfortable for four people.	
Jan 15 2006	Loved the view and the location	My wife and I flew in from Oslo, Norway, for a 6 day easterbreak and found the hotel without any trouble (great about New York numbered streets). All of a sudden we found ourselves in a room on the 25.th floor, view of the park and all the hihgrise you could need. No breakfast (but who needs it in NY), perfect service, nice and clean big rooms and smart kitchen solution. The best place I have stayed in so far in NY. Coming back to Beacon for sure.	
Jan 14 2006	Great Hotel in Fab Location	Stayed here for 4 nights - hotel was brilliant, slap bang in the middle of upper west side. Loads locally and only a 10 minute walk from central park. Good diners and eateries nearby - would definitely go back.Staff were friendly and extremely helpful Just grand!	
Jan 10 2006	Would stay here again	Stayed here with my sister and daughter for five nights. We had booked a triple room and were initially disappointed to find just two standard size (4'6&quot; wide) double beds. We were offered an upgrade to a suite for an extra $70 per night which we declined. However, our room, though not overly large, was comfortable, warm, clean and quiet, as it was at the rear of the building on 14th floor. Cannot fault the facilities in the room, as mentioned in previous reviews. Staying here is like having your own appartment in New York. The neighbourhood feels safe and the local shop and restaurant staff very friendly. Excellent weekday breakfast specials at the Viand Cafe next door and good evening meals. Also enjoyed the Fairway across the road for breakfasts and dinner, and groceries. Plentiful restaurants and cafes adjacent which cater for the locals and therefore don't charge tourist prices. This location is great for using the subway and a Metro Card will take you all over the city. If you like walking, it's a pleasant half hour stroll through Central Park to 5th Avenue and all the shops. Reception staff efficient and friendly. The concierge arranged a shuttle back to the airport costing $21 per person, and stored our luggage after check-out.To sum up, we really liked the hotel and really LOVED the location, and would stay here again.	
Jan 1 2006	Excellent Hotel upgraded our room	I found this hotel referenced in a New York for Dummies book. My husband and I were traveling with our 4 children. Upon check-in, we were informed that we had been upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite rather than the 1 bedroom that we requested. Very nice suite! The rooms were very large by NYC standards. We even added another night to our stay and they were extremely accommodating. The neighborhood is excellent for families and the subway stop is extremely convenient. We will stay at the Beacon again!	
Dec 26 2005	Great StayIdeal Location	We stayed at the Beacon Hotel,December 3rd to the 8th.Found the staff very friendly,Mary the assistant manager arranged early check in for us. Room much nicer and larger than expected,very clean and well equipped. Excellent location we actually felt part of New York not just in a tourist area. We will certainly return.	
Dec 18 2005	Very pleased with the Beacon	We came to New York after eight weeks in the UK and Europe, and were very pleasantly surprised with the Beacon. It's old and a little bit shabby, but better than many we had stayed in. The room was large and pretty comfortable, but the kitchenette with stove, fridge and microwave was an unexpected treat. There is a brilliant 24-hour market just opposite, and we were able to stock up and eat some home-cooked meals that didn't cost a fortune.The location is good (handy to a subway station and a nice walk to Central Park). The staff were more helpful than average for New York. And having a laundromat just down the hallway from our room was extremely convenient.	
Dec 15 2005	Great stay at the Hotel Beacon!	We loved the Hotel Beacon. We were there Dec.6-9, a very busy time, and were treated very well and efficiently. Wonderful location, ON Broadway, on the edge of a very nice neighborhood, with lots of eateries around with in a 5-10 block walk. There is an AWESOME grocery across the street, and a liquor store 2 doors down. We had a room with 2 double beds, it was quite large and very comfortable. The mattresses were comfortable. Very clean and well appointed. We were unable to make a connection to a wireless network, but it was a short visit, so it was OK. (It may have just been the location of our room.)We booked this hotel as a package with Broadway, and it was a tremendous value. I will plan to stay again if I'm ever in the city! If you stay there, you gotta eat at Vinnie's Pizzeria one block away on Amsterdam. Mmm mmm good!	
Dec 13 2005	Pleasantly surprised!	Myself and my partner stayed here in June as part of a multicentre holiday. it was our 1st stop off and i have to say we were pleasantly surprised at how nice the hotel was. We booked budget hotels and didn't expect much but the rooms were loveley, clean, well equipped and comfortable. The staff were very helpful and what a brilliant location it was, just 2 blocks from the main subway line. we had a great view of the city and it had a great place for a new york breakfast just next door. there is also a theatre next door if that's your thing. we would definately stay here again!	
Dec 7 2005	Perfect Setting	The Beacon Hotel is a diamond in the rough. Taking on NYC with two teenagers is an experience made easy with this hotel. Knowing we needed a suite hotel, I was impressed with the reviews of this property on Trip Advisor. We took a chance and were extremely pleased. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Having traveled to NYC on business for over 15 years, I can truly say it is my favorite over some of the better known properties. The neighborhood is something to treasure. We really liked the convenience of the shopping and dining such as the Arte Cafe on 73rd near Columbus Ave. My spouse and I would like to return on our own for more of this perfect setting for the true NYC neighborhood feel.	
Dec 6 2005	Our Apartment in the City	We stayed at the Hotel Beacon for Thanksgiving from Nov 19-26. We had a 1 bedrom suite with 2 double beds in the bedroom. We felt like we had our own apartment in the city. We had two adults and two kids. We had enough room for my mom to come and stay with us for a few nights. The Fairway Market was great! We saved a bundle on dining out which can be stressful with kids. We got take-out almost every night. The beds were not very comfortable, and the sleeper sofa needed to be replaced. This is why the hotel is rated only a one or two star. It is like staying in a lived in apartment. The hotel staff was fabulous. The maid cleaned our dirty dishes every day. The front desk was courteous and the bellmen/concierge were polite. The restaurant next door was very good too.Make sure you call ahead to confirm your reservation. I had made mine in Feb 2005 for Nov 2005 and when I called in October they had me down for October. It would have been a nightmare finding a decent room in the city over Thanksgiving.We will definitely stay here again, and try to get one of the remodled rooms I've heard about on this website.	
Dec 5 2005	A gem in the Upper Westside	The Beacon Hotel is a gem. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and clean. The staff is efficient and accomodating. The hotel's proximity to shopping, markets, the theater and Central Park is ideal. Particular commendation goes to Frank Dee, Sales Manager. Frank went out of his way to make our stay at the Beacon special. We're already booked for next December!	
Dec 1 2005	Delightful hotel	I stayed at the Beacon with family while we were in New York for Thanksgiving. We were delighted when we walked into our 1-bedroom suite! With a hall closet, marble bathroom, comfy living area with fold-out sofa and kitchenette, a roomy bedroom with another closet, and a great view of the Fairway grocery store and the ballet studio across the street, the suite provided a fun and comfortable place for us to be for 4 nights. It was like having our own apartment. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful. We did eat at the Viand cafe on Thanksgiving night and were satisfied with the food and service. Would not recommend the Fairway cafe, though. Starbucks is right across the street. Central park within walking distance. Two things were slightly annoying: constant honking of cars on street below and noise from fans leaving Journey concert at next door Beacon Theater two nights in a row. Otherwise, it was pretty delightful.	
Nov 26 2005	Great for a family!	As a family of 5 travelling from Australia, the beacon was the most comfortable place we stayed on our trip to the states. We checked in late in the evening after a 10 hour flight from Frankfurt and the desk clerk was such a lovely man. We had originally booked a one bedroom suite but he upgraded us to a 2 bedroom suite! 2 bedrooms with 2 most comfortable double beds in each and 3 TV's. The kitchen was well stocked and the the location cant be beat. I wanted to stay in Times Square but we lost our booking at the salisbury but i am glad we did. With 2 of my children aged 3 and 6, this was the better choice. Subway was close, market across the street and central park a short walk down lovely tree lined neighborhood streets. I agree with a previous poster about our experience at the diner next door, Vinard. The food was not nice, the staff were too interested in the soccer match on the TV, yes they did seem not to want to be there and they didnt seem to like having children in their diner, yet they had a childrens menu. Each to their own, it was an experience, but i know i will stay at the beacon again but not dine next door.	
Nov 21 2005	Great Place To Stay!!!	I was a little worried before checking in but I was plesantly surprised!!! I will stay here again for sure!We arrived on time for check in and found the computers were down so it was a little slow. But, the staff was friendly and found us a room. It was exactly what was reserved. A one-bedroom suite, 2 double beds, non-smoking. room 707 The suite was huge!The beds were nice ! Everything was clean and well-kept. The daily maid staff was great! I guess the maid reported a light bulb out, someone came right up to fix it! They even washed our dishes and left pleanty of tea/coffee for the coffee maker! The kitchenette is fully stocked with plates, cookware, etc! Even dish soap! there was no sponge but we picked on up at the market along with our food supplies :) Having the option to make something was a great help! We only made breakfest but, it saved money for sure. We stayed 4 nights and 2 of our friends stayed 3 out of 4 and we found in not to be too crowded. The sofa can really on fit 3 people, so that did leave the 4th sitting on the floor or in one of the dining room tyle chairs, but it all worked out well. There did seem to be some remodling going on in the suite next door, but the workers were not there on Sat and Sun and left by 4 ish on the weekdays. When we checked out we had a few hours to kill before our bus back to Boston and the front desk even offers a bag check! So that was nice! Would recommend this hotel and will stay here again!	
Nov 18 2005	Our neighborhood	Three things outstanding at the Beacon: 1. Location at 75th and Broadway, 3 blocks from an express subway, and directly across from a Fairway Market and a Citarella. 2. A complete kitchenette to prepare the nice breakfast things you just bought across the street. 3. There is a guest laundry hidden away on the 6th floor.Rooms are big enough, there are in-room safes, and the bedding is old but serviceable. Desk clerks are friendly and helpful.Problems: Concierges don't do their job, whatever it may be at this place, and what they do do, they do badly. Further, getting cabs is difficult because there is no doorman, and delivery trucks park for long times in front of the lobby. Cross to Fairway and join the crowd of New Yorkers taking their groceries home, and you'll get a cab there.In sum, we always stay here because it has become our neighborhood in NYC, and at home you sort of lose the need to be waited on hand and foot.And it's nice to just walk down to the Met and back with everybody else.	
Nov 18 2005	Did the job	The Beacon Hotel is good value and is in a really handy location for the subway and for the wonderful 24hour Fairways market accross the road. The hotel is old though and as with most NY hotels, the foyer is the most modern part! The rooms, were not sparkling clean - mould on the tiles in the bathrooms, cracked fixtures and fittings; but having said that, the mini kitchen and great maid service made up for this in my eyes. One thing to be aware of - we were in two different rooms on two different trips and neither of them had curtains! So be ready to wake up with the sun!	
Nov 17 2005	It was amazing!!!!	This hotel is great value for money and I would recommend it to everybodyI stayed at this hotel with three other friends in a quad room, and there was a lot of space.It was very clean and the staff were very friendly.I am going back to NYC next summer and I am definitely staying at the Beacon hotel again!	
Nov 14 2005	The perfect place !	Stayed for four nights on a prolonged weekend, primarily for performances at the Metropolitan Opera. I chose the hotel primarily on the strength of reviews on this site, and I can only subscribe to those who have found the hotel excellent in all respects, particularly if you have no need for a full-service hotel, which I don't, as I like to get around. The best of all is the ideal location, which can hardly be bettered, with a subway station two blocks away (on 72nd street) and a comfortable walk to Central Park, Lincoln Center and Times square. The neighbourhood was (relatively) tranquil, and it felt totally safe at all times; I walked alone from Lincoln Center up Broadway (10-12 minutes) around midnight three nights in a row without feeling in the least uncomfortable. The staff was corteous and competent and the rooms were adequately furnished, clean and well kept. I will definitely recommend this hotel wholeheartedly to any traveller. At the price I paid it can hardly be beaten.	
Nov 8 2005	Fantastic location!	I stayed here with a Contiki Tour. The rooms are very clean and each room has a kitchennette with a microwave and fridge and stove top which is very useful (there is a fantastic market right across the street which is open 24/7). Starbucks is on the corner for caffeine addicts like me! Bathroom was spotless. There were 2 double beds in our room and a safe. TV with loads of channels. Pay TV as well although didn't have time to watch any. The hotel is a 5 minute walk from 72nd Street Subway Station which is on the express and local lines so was 1 stop to Times Square. I walked from Fifth Avenue back to the hotel and it only took 25 minutes - slow walk.	
Oct 31 2005	Wonderful place to stay in Manhattan	Just arrived home from a three night stay at the Beacon. Three of us shared a suite with two double beds, a fold out sofa and small kitchenette. The room was huge by Manhattan standards. We were able to save money by eating breakfast in the room. The hotel is close to the subway, Central Park, Museum Row, Lincoln Center and not a bad walk to the Broadway theatre district. Staff at the front desk and concierge were very helpful. I will always try to stay at the Beacon when in NYC.	
Oct 23 2005	A brilliant location	We spent 9 days in the Beacon Hotel on vacation from the UK last month. It was well reviewed in local guide books,but it was the comments on this forum which made up our mind. As some of the reviewers have already stated it did not have a great deal of facilities and cannot comment on the internet use provided as we didn't try it. However,the Viand cafe next to the hotel was excellent for breakfast. We didn't have a suite,but we had 2 double beds in the room which was very large. We had microwave,fridge,stove etc so ate in on 2 or 3 nights as there was an excellent market across the road which has frequently been commented on. In addition there were other markets and delis etc all around the hotel.In addition to all these positive points the real bonus was the location - it was brilliant! We arrived on Amtrak from Boston and were in our hotel room via the subway in 35 minutes. The subway is only 5 minutes walk away which will take you virtually anywhere. The bus goes past the front door and Times Square is a pleasant 25 minute walk. We saw some of the expensive hotels in midtown,but not a patch on this area,which because of its residential nature has a much more pleasant &quot;feel&quot;.	
Oct 21 2005	Location location!	We spent a week at the Beacon on Broadway at 75th St West, and were surprisingly pleased. The room wasn't big (but you don't spend your holiday in your room), but it was clean, comfortable, had all mod cons, a good view to the west (we were on the 21st floor) and a little kitchenette with microwave, oven, toaster etc so we could save money by getting our own breakfasts.But the location was the thing. A three-minute walk to the 72nd St subway (the 1 Train to Times Square, one stop to the Lincoln Center), a five-minute walk to Central Park, and good shops and restaurants and cafes all round.Staff under pressure (are they short-staffed or is the reception desk too small?) but friendly and helpful.We will definitely stay there again.	
Oct 18 2005	Great location clean and nice hotel!	We stayed at Beacon hotel for 3days &amp; 3 nights last October 11-14, 2005. The hotel was just 1 1/2 blocks away from 72nd train station. We arrived early, 6:30 am, it was cold and just rained but the lobby was warm. We couldn't check-in but the staff allowed us to store our luggages and use their restroom to refresh. Once checked-in, the room has cute kitchen and equipments + coffeemaker :) We had two full comfy beds; bathroom is good size and clean; shower has good water pressure; tv has all cable channels. We were in the 3rd floor, so we couldn't see the view. The room is quiet and stayed in the right temperature. The location is the greatest...it was surrounded with markets (across the street), bank, diner, souvenir stores &amp; shops. The Viand cafe on the right side was great--great food &amp; service! We came home from Time Square around midnight and this cafe was still open, coffe &amp; deserts are wonderful. Overall, no complaints here. Highly recommended!	
Oct 17 2005	Comfortable Stay	After arriving home from our US trip I can rate the Beacon as a comfortable place to stay in NYC. The location is good with easy access to the subway. Fairway market is open across the road 24 hours. After staying in a more expensive hotel downtown I can say the Beacon has the facilities to make your stay enjoyable at a reasonable price.	
Oct 12 2005	Beacon is a great base	Had a very enjoyable three night stay at the Beacon.Enjoyed the large room with self catering facilities.Great food stores opposite so able to make breakfast in the room each day.Must disagree with another recent post -Visited the diner next door on a number of occasions and had good food and service.It was obviously very popular and we liked the atmosphere.	
Oct 6 2005	Good location but shabby and dated	The Beacon Hotel is in an excellent location. My husband and I stayed at the Beacon Hotel on 2 occasions, once in July and then again in August.In July we were given a fresh, clean if somewhat dated hotel room, it was a different story in August.In August the room was shabby, very dated and could have done with a clean. The staff on both occasions have not been particularly approachable and the elevators (a necessity when on 7th or 8th floor) were not working in July or August.The lobby in the hotel is swanky, do not go further than this as you will probably be disappointed.	
Sep 29 2005	We loved The Beacon	As a family of four we were very impressed with The Hotel Beacon. The room was very spacious and exceptionally clean.The kitchenette was a god send,with fresh tea and coffee every day.The location was perfect,with a good selection of shops and restaraunts just moments from the hotel,and the Fairways supermarket had a wide variety of food and drink,all available 24hours a day.Times Square is only 20 minutes walk or 5 minutes on the subway for all that New York has to offer.Also with Central Park only 5 minutes walk away it was great for the kids after a hard days shopping.All in all I would reccomend it for a romantic weekend for 2 or like us a 7 nite stay doing all the touristy things as a family.We will definately be staying here again and will be recomending it to all our friends and family.	
Sep 20 2005	Moms Take Manhattan--Perfect Location!	A group of young moms enjoyed The Beacon on our &quot;Moms Take Manhattan&quot; adventure! The room was ideal for the 4 of us and the rate worked out to about $65 a person. This can't be beat! Our room was newly renovated and very, very clean. The only complaint had to do with the air conditioner as NY was unusually hot during our stay. The units were controlled by a &quot;motion detector&quot; and only turned on when motion was detected in the room. When everyone was still b/c we were asleep, the a/c would turn off. This led to our random, ritual looking movements throughout the night to get the a/c to kick on--leg lifts, pillow tosses and crazy waving of arms got the job done, but we wondered if we were part of a hidden camera show! We have never heard of motion driven units---we did make the best of it and had lots of laughs! This truly was the only complaint! A great location with easy subway access and a wonderful neighborhood feel. Highly recommend!	
Sep 18 2005	location location location!	We arrived at the hotel, immediate impressions was, this is a better location than we thought, and we were not proved wrong. Checking in no problem. Gave us the top floor, a must! Room 2511. Views from all windows, well just fantastic, room clean and tidy everyday, felt like we had our own apartment, with kitchenette- go to the chotic supermarket across the road, not just for the experience but the delicious goodies they have!Access to the subway, 72nd street great, 100yrds.Local bars, dining, shopping etc, behind hotel great, amsterdam street, especially at the weekends, you get the true feel of new york, rather than the plastic of times square.The only bad experience was the so called dinner next door, attached to the Beacon, Vinard, bloody awful service, with attidude!!You will love this place, never thought i would go onto something like this, but, yes, why not tell others!	
Sep 10 2005	A reasonable hotel in a very convenient location	I stayed at this hotel for five nights in September along with my wife and teenage daughter. The location is wonderful you are surrounded by shopsand restaurants, it is a very short walk to the subway. We found the situation perfect after a long day walking in Manhattan in baking temperatures, we came back had a rest and a drink (nicely chilled in the fridge!)then just walked to a local restaurant of which there are loads covering every price range and taste. There is a very well stocked wine store two doors away and an excellent 24hr supermarket straight across the road. With regard to the hotel itself it is situated right on Broadway and it can suffer from traffic noise, delivery trucks and garbage collectors seemed to appear around 3am every morning. It seems to be the luck of the draw which room you get ours was on the 15th floor and consisted of two good sized beds and a small kitchen, with microwave, fridge( very useful!) cooker and kettle, plus bathroom and air conditioning. It is fair to say that the rooms do need updating, but they are perfectly adequate.To summarise if you want a reasonable hotel in a convenient location this ideal. The kitchen is very useful especially for families on a budget you can get up to four people in one room which cuts down on costs.There are no other facilities in the hotel, no bar or restaurant.We would recommend this hotel and would stay there again, it depends on what your priorities are, incidentally we paid £90 per night for a family of three which I thought was very good value. We loved New York and can't wait to go back!	
Sep 8 2005	Good basic accomodation	The Beacon Hotel used to be a residential hotel/rooming place and still has some permanent residents. The rooms are self - catering suites and there are no common areas other than reception. It is more like a motel than a hotel. The fact that people are cooking in their suites means that the corridors can smell a bit pungent at times.We had 2 rooms on the 14th and 25th floors. The view from the 25th was amazing. The furnishings were a bit dowdy and the kitchens were really cheap units which were already beginning to look a bit battered BUT we found the rooms immaculately clean. not a hint of a bug, staff helpful, the self-catering really useful and the air-conditioning effective.The Fairway Market is fantastic - catered for our vegan and vegetarian daughters as well as normal ranges. The location is good.I would recommend this place highly to sightsee-ers and families who need a base and a place to self-cater. It is not appropriate for anyone looking for a hotel with hotel services.	
Aug 25 2005	Great base for exploring NY	We stayed here in the August heat and thought the location was great. Easy access to the subway, walking distance to Central Park and Lincoln Centre, good choice of restaurants nearby and a superb food store directly opposite. The space in the suite we had was great - very welcome for 3 adults and the only negative comment would be that the decor was a little tired. Overall, though, a quiet, pleasant hotel in a great location - we'd certainly return.	
Aug 5 2005	better than ever	We have stayed here many times and this time was the most exciting because we were able to stay in a renovated room (1217). It had funky colors of greens, gold and pastels. The bed was thee most comfortable and the overall feel was a pleasure. Some other guest stated that the place needs cleaning, my suggestion would be for that individual to get glasses the place is spotless and there are no undesireable people residents at this hotel it is the safest and most relaxing place we have been. Try it you won't be disappointed	
Aug 4 2005	The Best is at the Beacon	You are now reading a review by an individual who is very biased! I love this hotel! I live in Hawaii and try to visit New York as often as possible.One of my favorite experiences is to stay at the Beacon. The staff is truelyoutstanding. They go out of their way to help in any way possible. The rooms are immaculate thanks to a wonderful housekeeping unit. If youmake a reservation via phone, the manger and his staff will try toaccomodate your request even on busy holidays. Shopping is a dellight.You do not need to go downtown to find a special goodie, I especiallylove the grocery stores and the excellent eateries. It is so convient viabus and train to see all of New York. Now the truth! I have been going tothe Beacon for over 10 years. I think it is like a visit to my family.Have fun in New York because of the Beacon. Aloha.	
Aug 2 2005	Someone needs to clean	This hotel is pretty drab so I don't understand all the the favorable reviews on this website. They need to put a little style into the rooms and give up the floral bed spreads. But ultimately the thing that matters the most for me is a clean room and that definitely was not happening here. Also there seeems to be some dirty looking people that live at the hotel, what is that about ????	
Jul 29 2005	Had a graet time at the Beacon	I had requested a room at the top but we arrived too late &amp; was given a refurbished room on the 12th floor. Fantastic room everything and I mean everything was brand new, the bed hadn't even been slept in! Great air con to THANKS GUYS !!!	
Jul 24 2005	Great location and well-suited to families	Hotel Beacon exceeded our expectations during our stay in June 2005. Excellent loaction - one stop via the express #2 train to 42nd St. Walk to Central Park. Out of Mid-Town madness. Kitchennette and grocery stores across the road resulted in savings.	
Jul 4 2005	Delightful hotel and neighborhood	We selected the Beacon hotel - my wife and I with our two adult children - because of its proximity to the Beacon Theatre; we usually stay in the Theatre District. We had reserved two rooms but they upgraded us to a suite. The room was spacious and very comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful. And, as other reviewers have noted, the location is excellent. It is close to the 72d Street subway station, but is in a neighborhood which is more relaxed than the Theatre District. It is within easy walking distance also to the Lincoln Center and to Central Park, and from the two where we ate, there seem to be a lot of good restaurants nearby.We will return to the Beacon the next time we visit the City.	
Jun 26 2005	Great Hotel in a great neighbourhood	We stayed at the Beacon for a week at the end of May and it was great. It was our second stay there after 1999. When planning our recent New York trip we first of all thought about choosing a hotel more downtown. But after having read the positive reviews we decided to go back and we are more than glad that we did so. The stay already started great when upon an e-mail send to the Beacon a while before our trip, we got a room as requested on one of the upper floors to the back of the hotel. Our room was on the 18th floor with a great view (we even caught a glimpse of Central Park). It was spacious and as many other reviewers we enjoyed the small kitchenette. The staff was always helpful and friendly. One morning we told them that our TV did not work properly and when we arrived back in our room in the afternoon it was fixed. What’s also great, is the location. The next subway station is just two short blocks away (Central Park and Museum of Natural History only 3 blocks) and the neighbourhood offers lots of nice small affordable restaurants and shops (incl. supermarkets and the usual suspects in men’s and women’s apparel for a little pre-dinner shopping ;-)). After a day of sightseeing in hectic and noisy “downtown” Manhattan, we enjoyed to step from the subway and stroll around Broadway, Amsterdam and Columbus Ave. For breakfast we can not only recommend the upstairs bakery of the Fairway supermarket (as many other reviewers) but also the Viand Café (connected to the hotel). From Monday through Friday they offer breakfast specials which we found reasonable priced and of good quality. We really hope that the Beacon team keeps the standard and we will definitely choose the Beacon again.	
Jun 7 2005	Good Location OK Value	We (family of 4 with teenagers) stayed here for 5 nights- May 31-June 5th. The location is good if you want to get out of the hustle and bustle of midtown. It is a very short walk to the subway( I was expecting longer blocks). The area around the hotel seemed very safe even late at night walking back from the sub. Our room was a 1 bedroom suite located on the 11th floor at the back of the hotel. We didn't have a &quot;good view&quot;, but that was ok since we didn't have to listen to the noise from the street. We had a LARGE storage closet located in the hallway with a hanging space at the rear, along with 2 other closets, one in the hall and one in bedroom. The bedroom had 2 double beds, and the living area had a regular size sofa bed, even though we were told it was a queen sofa. There was more than enough room for our clothes, etc. Having a kitchen was great, especially when traveling with teenagers who want to eat in the middle of the night. After checking into hotel, we walked across street to the Fairway Market and stocked up on snacks, drinks, and breakfast food. However, I don't recommend going there during the typical rush hour after work, it was horrible to try to find your items and check out. I had read one complaint about roaches, so I bought a box of large storage zip bags and stored all our food in them, along with keeping all food/drink items in the refrigerator (it was about 3/4 size of a regular refrigerator). The hotel supplies the dishwashing liquid, so I washed the things (glasses, flatware and a couple bowls/plates) I thought we would use and kept those in the refrigerator also. Turns out that the only bugs(2 small roaches) we saw were both in the bathroom.We found the employees to be very helpful and quick to respond to request. We had to call once because the room above ours had some kind of leak over our tub area, and the maintenance man was up to our room in less than 5 minutes. They called us back to report what they had found and corrected. We were constantly asking for more bath towels, and they were always delivered in less than 5 minutes. Several times, we just left a note for the housekeeper to leave extra towels, and she left more than what we actually used.The negative things about the room was the bathroom was not as clean as it could have been. There was a lot of mold in the tub--around the caulking where the tile met the tub, and in the corners going up the tile walls. So as a result, it made the whole tub/shower area feel dirty. The bathroom itself was very small; you cannot have more than 1 person at a time in there. The furniture in the living area was very old, and the upholstery was stained and grimy looking. The lighting was not as bright as it could have been, so we kept the windows wide open to help with the light. We paid $235 + taxes per night, which I thought was a little high, but with the extra space, it was worth it in the end. We had friends who stayed in the Times Square area last summer, who paid $195 + taxes per night, and their room was TINY. We liked the location, the restaurants in the area were good, and would consider staying here again if I knew the furnture would be in better shape, along with a cleaner bathroom.	
Jun 4 2005	Great place for families	We stayed at the Beacon in mid May 2005.We're a family of 5 and really liked the space in the rooms and the great location of the hotel (close to both the river and the Park).I've seen some other reviews that slag off the decor - well it is a bit faded and if this matters to you then I guess you shouldn't stay at the Beacon.If however you need a good location, good prices and great space for your family then I'd definitely recommend the Beacon.Other things of interest:1. Fairway market is great2. The nearby Boat Basin Cafe, just on the Hudson river, is great for a meal and a drink	
Jun 4 2005	Good now but under renovations	We stayed for 4 nights on the 10th floor and the room was large, clean and full of natural light, the wireless internet in the room was a big plus as well. The lobby is the same as the rooms. The neighborhood cannot be beat and the staff is very pleasant. We loved this place. On our last day we noticed another room being worked on and the staff person told us that this was a model room of what would be coming. They showed us the room and it was a very nice upgrade in style and decor. We will be back to check out the new rooms for next time. I highly recommend this place	
May 31 2005	a good hotel...in 1970 maybe.	Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights at the end of May 2005. The short summary is this hotel is junk for a couple, maybe suited to a family. It was my first trip to NYC and I got a cheap rate but to be honest would never stay here again, and would gladly pay more on my next visit for a better hotel.Lobby: nice lobby. As soon as you get out to your floor the wallpaper shows its age, the doors to each room much be at least 20 years old (just the locks upgraded to a keycard system).Room: the rooms are BIG, thats the only good point, if you have a child or another person it would be very easy to live comfortablt. It also has a mini kitchinette and microwave, which again is good if you want to save $, but when you are out and about in NYC, it's not worth catching the subway back from times square to heat up something..its new york..pretzels are $1, enjoy the city. Furthermore, there are alot of places around the hotel which have good food at all hours.Location: upper west side: subway is approx 3 min walk to 72nd street, then you can catch an express train to times square. (one stop). There is a fairway supermarket across the road for water, snacks if you want. Plenty of restraunts around the neighbourhood. It's quieter than the midtown hustle and bustle which is sometimes a good thing.Other expieriences: When we got into the room, the safe didnt work. They sent up a tech who replaced the batteries. Unpack and settle down a bit, then we notice the bathroom has not been properly cleaned from the previous occupant (bins are unemptied, no shampoos or soaps). Called housekeeping to tell them, they said they would send someone up right away. As we were waiting, I wanted to turn the heater on, the heater didnt work. After 50 mins of waiting and calling housekeeping again, I was annoyed I wasted this time on my first trip to NYC and told them to forget it. I didn't even ask for a room change as the staff just didnt seem interested. Figured I would enjoy the great city and just sleep in this hotel.Next day early morning my room was made AND CLEANED and stocked. However I just bared it with the lack of heating.Internet: they offer internet, I checked mail the first day after being told to go to level 2 computer room. The next day at 1am I also wanted to check my email/flights, when I went to the front desk, this time I was told they charge $5 per half hour?? When I mentioned yesterday I was not asked, they chap said ok thats fine then he unlocked the pc room for me. So I don't know if he wanted to pocket $5 or what the system is.Conclusion: This hotel is OK if you can get it for $125 a night..its not worth $1 more.The only saving grace is if you have a family, then I can see how the kitchenette may benefit if you want do some cooking in the room. But for a couple there for 3 nights wanting to explore all of manhattan, this hotel is not all that its cracked up to be. The cleanliness and sharpness of the rooms fail to rate at all.	
May 28 2005	The Beacon was grand!	I stayed in the Beacon Hotel for 5 nights in May 2005. Our party was two adults and one child. We had requested a double room. The room consisted of two queen beds and was huge!!It had closet with an electronic safe (very handy). There was a kitchenette with micorwave, cooker hob and a fridge. Great to have with a 3 year old in tow. The bathroom was grand. The toilet flooded once and got blocked a second time but the staff were down asap to unblock and clean up. The cleaning of the room was brilliant, they came every day. The AC was great. The only drawback was the noise from the traffic outside. We were on the 8th floor. I was up at 5 or 6 every morning with the noise but there is lots to do in nyc so I didnt mind too much.When you exit the hotel turn left and continue on to subway station on 72nd street, dead handy - goes straight to Times Square. There is also a great funky clothes store near the station, Urban Outfitters, cute stuff you dont get in Ireland. Also if you exit the hotel and turn right and walk down to 79th street you will find Feline's Basement shop, good bargains.There is also a great market directly opposite the hotel for supplies.All in all the hotel was great. They even let me stay in the room a bit later on our last day as I had an evening flight. They can also arrange transportation to the airport for you.Would definately stay again.	
May 22 2005	3 nights not long enough	The Beacon hotel is a great choice for anyone new to New York as we were. Found it very relaxing and our room was nice and large. Nice to have a small kitchen if you need to cook as there is an amazing market opposite called the Fairway that we could have spent a fortune in if our baggage allowance had permitted. Ate out though. A good wine shop was 2 doors down. Hotel is on the upper west side so we usually walked to places (times Sq was about 25 mins) Get the Gray-line tourist bus around and it will cost you about 50 bucks for 2 days hop on/hop off for all the loops (uptown &amp; downtown), they have great guides! There is a restuarant connected to the hotel that we didn't use but always looked busy but Amsterdam Ave is just behind and there are loads of bars and places to eat and there are plenty of restuarants nearby that will deliver.The Beacon is not the cheapest hotel in the district and we paid £106.00 per night. Having some knowledge now, would probably look for somewhere a little cheaper if we ever return.	
May 18 2005	Lincoln Centre Central Park and your own kitchen	The Beacon is an older hotel but offers large, well-furnished rooms with upgraded bathrooms. The kitchens really come into their own as there is a good supermarket across the road and, even better, Zabars some three blocks away so fresh orange juice and croissants for breakfast or one of many choices for dinner are readily, and reasonably economically, available. There's also a first-class wine store next to the hotel.It's a thirty minute, but interesting, walk to Broadway, less to the Lincoln Center and about 15 minutes to Central Park. The nearest subway is about three blocks.You can get a good hotel cheaper, eg, the Pickwick Arms, but we found that the extra was worth it for the kitchen. We'd stay there again.	
May 16 2005	A little gem right in the middle	We just got back and had a great time. The staff were probably the most accommdating in any hotel I've been to. The neighborhod is so peacefull but only a few stops by subway away from the action. The lobby is neat and cozy and the rooms were large and vey clean. The kitchens were a huge plus for making food and saving time when you in a hurry, there is a market right across the street that helps compliment the stay. We will definatley be back	
May 6 2005	Depressing Depressing Depressing	You know, we chose this hotel for friends to stay in based on the reviews of this site. C'mon, I am now convinced that the Hotel itself is writing their own reviews. This place could never garner more then an &quot;adequet&quot; review from anybody. I mean without a doubt it was the least attractive hotel in the neighborhood. The rooms were dreary and depressing and when we went downstairs to the desk to ask for a better accommodation we were told that we were in a newly renovated room. If that's true then thy need a new decorator. Also there were many unsavory people in this hotel and we were told by someone later that many of them live in the hotel.What I think is we were snookered by who are probably the owners of the hotel, because the truth is it was a less then average hotel with some matching rates, surely it should not be in the top third of hotels in New York.Who's kidding who ?	
Apr 27 2005	The Beacon was great	We stayed at the Beacon for a week in early April. I booked the hotel on the basis of good reviews from this website and we were not disappointed. The room was spacious and clean with two double beds and a little kitchenette. It was our first visit to New York and we had the most wonderful time. At the end of a very busy day it was heartening to know that we were returning to a lovely comfortable room. Loved the location as well.......I wish I was there now!	
Apr 26 2005	Try This Hotel !	This hotel is easily accessible, clean and the kitchen area within the room is excellent. I can only echo the other reviews and would recommend this hotel. There is a huge market across from the hotel, it is situated on Broadway and the shopping nearby is great. Try the Utopia Restaurant for excellent affordable food.	
Apr 22 2005	Loved the Beacon	Beacon Hotel was great! It is on Broadway near the subway- near 5th and Central Park and the rooms are comfortable and roomy. The kitchenette made such a difference - we didn't have to go out for every single thing we ate or drank. Right opposite is the most marvellous shop called Fairways which sold food/drink - everything you ever thought of and much more. The deli was amazing and we bought lots of interesting things there and tried them out in our room eating at the dining table in our room. I bbecame quite addicted to Fairways and would find it a perfectly good reason for living in NYC!There is also a launderette. The staff were polite and friendly and I cannot recommend it too highly.Chrissie from Kent UK	
Apr 17 2005	Good Location	An excellent location although we were on the 7th floor at the front of the hotel, it was extremely noisy. The road noise went on all night, and the Fairways Market opposite was having goods delivered at all hours. Definately ask for a room higher up or at the back of the hotel	
Apr 12 2005	Beacon in a perfect position	We have just returned from a 5-day trip to New York and we stayed at the Hotel Beacon. Its my first vist to New York and when I go back which I definitely will. I will stay here again. The staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and spacious. (think Holiday Inn standard) with the added bonus of a large fridge and two ring cooker, microwave and coffee maker. Although we didn’t do any cooking it was great for making drinks and keeping drinks and fruit in. The Beacon is in a great location on Broadway but away from the tourists. This is a residential area but it is lively with a real New York buzz to it. The area felt really safe in fact the whole of Manhattan did. There are coffee shops, clothes shops, numerous restaurants, bookshops which stay open until 10.00pm! 10mins to Central Park, 10mins to the Natural History Museum (a must if you have kids, especially the planetarium), 1min to the nearest subway (72nd St) which will take you right down to the bottom of Manhattan and over to Brooklyn without having to change trains. The famous Zabars is just up the road but I have to make a special mention of Fairways Food market which is opposite the Beacon. You can get everything you may need foodwise there and more. If the weather is nice get a picnic from the Deli and head for Central Park. And they have a great cafe upstairs where you can get a good breakfast (my kids loved the pancakes with maple syrup) but at 5.30 it turns into a restaurant with candles and tablecloths. We went and had a fabulous meal with a decent bottle of red for $18 (£9) which was’nt the cheapest! Thank you New York for a fantastic holiday and see you next time.	
Apr 10 2005	Loved the Hotel Beacon	The Hotel Beacon is truly a find - we are so glad that we took Tripadvisor's advise and booked a stay there. It is excellent value for NYC and offers, clean, comfortable and spacious accommodation. Our room was generously sized with 2 double beds, a bathroom and kitchen area. A gourmet 24 hour market is opposite the hotel and as you have a fridge, microwave and hobs in your room, it is easy to be self catering. There is also a laundry room, where you can do your own washing, which came in handy. There is also a great diner next door, where the food is excellent and good value. The hotel is also very convenient for the subway and is situated in a pleasant part of the city. We can highly recommend a stay here and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Apr 9 2005	Family Trip to the Big Apple	Family of four w/ 2 kids (ages 10 &amp; 5)...room was excellent w/ 2 double beds...kitchenette with mini-refrigerator, microwave, two burner stove, very small sink, coffeemaker, toaster, eating utensils ....very handy able to heat up leftovers when too tired to go out to eat at night...Fairway grocery store right across the hotel, plenty of reasonably priced diners/restaurants in the area...Museums nearby, etc..The B/C subway 2-3blocks west towards Central Park, the 1/9 subway was 3 blocks south on 72th St...Price was right, we got the room for $150/night thru AAA..Why 4 stars rather than a 5...A big cockroach under the sink and asked for a non-smoking room but the room stank...	
Apr 7 2005	This Hotel was Much more than I expected -- definitely recommend.	I booked this hotel based on the reviews on this site and the recommendation of Fodor's. Having been in many NY hotels - I expected, based on the price, clean and acceptable. Instead I found a wonderful, large comfortable room. My sister and I were taking our parents to the city for the first time. We had booked a one room suite and were given a free upgrade to a two room suite without asking. The room had a large sitting area with a small but fully equipped kitchenette, two full baths and two large bedrooms with two doubles each. We were thrilled. Across the street is a wonderful 24 hour grocery that will serve any food needs if you are not into the restaurant scene. There is a subway stop less than two blocks away and taxis are very easy to get right out the door. I found the location to be convenient for siteseeing and and shopping. I will definitely recommend to friends and family.	
Apr 3 2005	Great hotel 	Stayed here with my family last week in March. I'd previously been on my own in 2002. It's been refurbished (bigger brighter lobby). We had two rooms on the 25th (top) floor - great views. Decent sized rooms with all amenities, including safe in closet, microwave, kettle, coffee-maker, fridge, electric cooker, colour TV with loads of channels. Maid service every day.Service was very friendly &amp; helpful. Fairway market acroos the road has everything you will need (and a cafe upstairs). La Viand restaurant next door serves meals all day and night. We ate there three times. Plenty of good eating places within walking distance. Ten minute walk to Central Park. Brief walk to 72nd St. subway. If you catch the 2 or 3 subway train (express), it's non-stop to Times Square. Actual JOURNEY time is 3mins 30 seconds !!! (not bad for 30 blocks).When we checked out, we appeared to have been given a discount on the second room - can't be bad!!I'd happily stay here again and would recommend the place to anyone.	
Apr 2 2005	Hotel Beacon was great!	My husband daughter and I stayed in a standard double room I was delighted by how clean and pleasant the room was. The kitchenette came in handy. We got a fantastic rate of $135 per night because my daughter was visiting Columbia University. We liked the neighborhood. There were lots of shops and good restaurants nearby. Staff was always friendly. You can't beat this hotel for the convenience and the price.	
Mar 22 2005 	Great for students on Spring Break	Three friends and I stayed in the Beacon for a Spring Break college class trip. I agree with some users that the hotel may be a bit dated in appearance, but in general the lobby is nice (with a ramp for rolling luggage) and the staff are even nicer.Staying for 8 nights, we called about a lot of things (blankets, pillows,wakeup calls, silverware) and though the desk gave us the &quot;30 minutes at max&quot; answer, we always had someone up in no more than five minutes.We never had ANY problems with bugs and trust me, we had a lot of food in the room, both in the fridge and on the counters. Often we had overflow trash just sitting in the kitchen waiting for pickup the next day, and we had no problems whasoever.The rooms are a good size (we got the 1 bedroom suite) and we all felt very safe there. The kitchennete it quite tiny (I am 5'1 and the fridge was shorter than me) but enough for one person to move around in. The beds could use some updating: they were rickety and not extrememly comfortable.The prices were moderate, but they have great specials on their site and I was very pleased with their services! Great location and only two blocks from the 1 and 9 subway!	
Mar 22 2005	Great location great hotel - one of NYC's best!!!	We stayed here back in November 2004 for a week. Great location - up by 74th/75th Streets, so away from the midtown/downtown tourist trap. Lots of great diners, restaurants, markets &amp; shops in this area of the Upper West Side. Fantastic subway links (with 72nd Street about 3 mins walk). The hotel itself was very good - above average size rooms, each one with kitchenette for tea/coffee &amp; that morning bagel or slice of toast!! Internet facilities in the hotel, friendly staff and all good. Definitely worth a visit!	
Mar 20 2005	This place is jamming	We were here when the Allman Brothers show started and the place was over run by fans. The staff managed to keep order in their boutique style lobby. Plus they had a group of kids from a school there as well. The rooms a huge and very very clean. The staff were always pleasant and accommodating. We will be back next year, however it won't be around the time the Allmans are playing	
Mar 20 2005	A big fan of the Beacon	I am getting ready to stay at the Beacon for my 5th time over the past 2 years. Our most recent visit was in January 2005. My teenage daughter and I LOVE this hotel. Here are the reasons:1. Location - Staying on the Upper Westside gives you the feel of LIVING in New York instead of being a tourist in Times Square. The Upper Westside has tons of good, reasonably priced restaurants within walking distance from the hotel or just a few subway stops away. The subway is a 3 minute walk from the hotel and Grey's Papaya - THE BEST HOT DOGS IN NEW YORK - is a 5 minute walk. You have great supermarket across the street so that you can stock up the refrigerator in your room if you so desire. 2. The rooms are neither trendy or luxurious, but they are clean and nicely sized with comfortable beds. I would recommend the suites although we could only get a double room last time and it was fine. Each room has a kitchenette with a small range, microwave, sink, full-size refrigerator and coffeemaker. This is a big PLUS.3. Price - the rates are reasonable.4. Staff - Professional and courteous. I guess the thing that we like most about this hotel is that it doesn't feel like a hotel, it feels like a home away from home and being on the Upper Westside lets you experience a real part of New York.	
Mar 3 2005	5 visits and never a problem	Just had my 5th stay at the Beacon. I have found the staff always to be excellent, friendly and helpful. The rooms that I have had have been generously large. The lobby (which has been recently enlarged and redecorated) is very comfortable and attractive. Definitely my favourite place to stay in New York - I had free wi-fi access (don't know how!) and not only is the diner downstairs excellent but the 24 hour market across trhe road Fairway, is a gourmet's paradise.	
Feb 24 2005	Fantastic place to stay	I have stayed at the Beacon Hotel five or six times since 1998 and I think it is fantastic. The staff are always friendly, rooms always very, very clean and I have never had a complaint. The standard rooms are a decent size but for the little extra upgrade to a suite and they are huge and very nicely decorated. You could quite comfortably sleep 6 in a suite. Bathrooms are quite small but very nice. Fantastic location near the subway or only a 25 minute walk to Times Square straight down Broadway. Having supermarkets across the road is very handy and you feel like you are part of the action as opposed to being a tourist!!! Love this place and can not wait to come back	
Feb 23 2005	Yeah its OK	Stayed here in Feb 2005. The best thing about this hotel is its location. Walking distance to Central Park and the subway nearby and its in a nice area. The worst thing was the lifts (elevators) there are only 3 to serve 20 something floors. Trying to go down in the morning, every lift that came was full of people from upper floors. So try to get a high up room and get on first or a low down room so you can use the stairs.Staff OK. Rooms are good. We chose it because of the kitchenette. Having a fridge and microwave on holiday is just great. There are supermarkets opposite and good places to eat in easy walking distance.	
Feb 14 2005	great stay	We (a large group of students) just stayed there and as the group leader I must admit everything was great we tried the patience of housekeeping and the frontdesk with multiple requests and all were met with a smile. The rooms were large, clean and the kitchens were a God send. Go to Hotel Beacon you won't be disappointed.	
Jan 31 2005	Roach Motel!	I chose the Beacon Hotel after days of researching where to stay in New York City for my one night personal extension from a business trip in December 2004. Not only did the reviews from this site give it a thumb's up, but also various travel publications as well. I will say the location of the property is very good, with it's walking distance to the subway and to Central Park. The lobby is also presentable, but small. The problem I had was as soon as I got off the elevator, the halls were musty, ugly and very run down. I knew I was not in for a treat when I got to my assigned room. When arriving outside the door to the room, the door handle was broken and therefore, the key did not work. Not a good sign. Having to go back to the front desk for another room assignment, I was given a new room on the same floor - oh joy!Upon entering the room, it was what I expected after seeing the condition of the hallway. The room was rundown and dowdy. The size of the room was adequate, but the bathroom was small. Some may rate this hotel with high marks due to the kitchenette in every room. I learned a lesson that in the future I will never stay in rooms with kitchenettes due to what kind of &quot;visitors&quot; it attracts.After spending one sleepless night, I woke in the morning only to find roaches in the room and bathroom. They were on the table, the chair, the bathroom floor and sink! I totally freaked out that they were in my opened luggage. After a quick exit, I got out of that room as soon as I could as I was totally disgusted!Needing a ride to LaGuardia airport, I asked the concierge for assistance. They were too busy helping others obtain rides that they contracted and told me my best bet was catching a cab. Not only did they not help me hail a cab, but told me I should go across the street since most cabs were on that side of the road during that time of day. Not only was it pouring rain, I had two suitcases to handle. Gee, thanks for the warm send off.After this trip, I vowed not only to stay away from the Beacon Hotel, but to never stay in a hotel that has a kitchenette!	
Jan 30 2005	Absoultely Fine	My wife and I and 11 year old daughter were lucky enough to get a room for the Wednesday before Thangiving Day Parade (2004). This hotel is absolutely fine and we recommend it, especially for its value and location. Somone said it was a little dated and perhaps so, but it was not run down by any means, not at all. Everything was clean. Plus the rooms have a refrigerator and microwave which is a teriffic advantage, especially for leftovers. And the rooms may be a bit larger than most other hotels in their class because they are converted apartments, I believe. (So, maybe not so dated after all). The location is excellent. For the parade, just a few blocks away from Central Park West (but get on the parade route by 6 AM to stake out your spot) and the Upper West Side is a great location, for walking, eating (and grazing). And you don't have to spend a fortune to eat in NYC. For example, there are several &quot;upper crust&quot; places for breakfast, brunch, etc.in the general neighborhood, such as Sarabeth's and Good Enough to Eat. But, also nearby (on 78th and Amsterdam) is a &quot;diner&quot; called Shining Star. We just had breakfast food and is was excellent on all accounts. Pancakes for $3.95--you can't beat that anywhere in the USA much less the Upper West Side. And they are open 24 hours, a full fledged diner. Plus. it may not be as &quot;fashionable&quot; as some of their neighbors, but it's still a place where neighborhood folks go, so you get plenty of NYC flavor too. Don't overlook this place. Also for cheap eats in the surrounding area: Fairway supermarket (and Cittarella's) are just across the street, an excellent Greek/Meditteranean place (Nikos is a few blocks away, and Zabar's (a NYC institution) at 80th and Broadway, both the corner cafe and the supermarket, with excellent appetizing counter and also prepared foods to go, fairly priced. And for great pastry try Le Pain Quotidien at 76th and Amsterdam, or 72nd and Columbus and, fantastic bakery at 90th and Broadway (Georgine's ???). As an alternative to Beacon Hotel, check out The Lucerne at 79th and Amsterdam (I posted a review there too). Both are excellent choices and values. Beacon rooms are a bit bigger and have the advantage of a refrigerator and microwave; Lucerne may be perceived as a &quot;step up&quot; in some guidebooks, but maybe only a fraction of a step (but no fridge). You'll do fine at either. Final note re. Beacon--I left my cell phone charger there. I called up, they located it and sent it back to me by Fed Ex--at no cost to me. That was nice and is representative of their hospitality.	
Jan 26 2005	Adequate Accomodations	I stayed at the Hotel Beacon last September and it was a economical choice in a safe neighborhood (important for a woman traveling alone). Although lacking any real style, the rooms and bathrooms were clean and large (for New York) and the kitchenette was nice. It's very close to the subways, Central Park, Lincoln center and lots of good shopping. Another plus is that they offer discounted day passes to an adjacent health club. That said, it was not the quietest hotel. Garbage trucks on the side street woke me up at 3 or 4 am. All in all, it's still a good value.	
Jan 24 2005	Beacon Hotel lived up to its reputation	My teenage daughter and I have just returned from a week's stay in a suite on level 17 of the Beacon Hotel (6-13 January 2005). Our rooms were large, well maintained and clean, although the hotel wins no awards for style! Located on Broadway it was fantastic to have an excellent 24/7 gourmet deli right across the road (The Fairway). The grocery store has a wonderful selection of fresh fruit, vegetables, pasta, bread as well as a wide range of general groceries. The ability to prepare a simple evening meal after a busy day of being good tourists was invaluable. The laundry located in the building was also a bonus. The Beacon is located close to a subway station and is within walking distance to Central Park and the Natural History Museum. Hotel staff were ok although a gift delivered to me before I arrived was mislaid and no one wanted to claim liability for it going missing. We would stay here again and recommend it to practical travellers looking for convenience, location and sound value for money.	
Jan 21 2005	Good value for money	We were staying for 4 nights in this hotel the week before Christmas 2004.To New York standards the room we had in Hotel Beacon was very big. We were located at the 14th floor and had 2 queen sized beds. We had a small kitchen including a good microwave. The room was clean, that's what important to us. The room could be a bit more modern and we like a shower separated from the bath, but everything worked fine (like t.v., airconditioning, heater). The hotel is relatively cheap and well located (5 minutes walk to Central Park, 5 minutes walk + 5 minutes underground and you're on 42nd street). Free newspaper every morning. If we ever go back to New York City (oh yes, we will...) this will be our hotel again. Tip: &quot;Sushi all you can eat&quot; for 20 Dollar at 3 minutes walking distance!	
Jan 20 2005	Excellent choice	Stayed two nights in January 2005. I had an extremely quiet apartment (bedroom and lounge, with a tv set in each room) on the 9th floor, very large for new york standards. There's no restaurant, ok, but I still believe this is one of the best choices in nyc, considering the prices and the neighborhood.	
Jan 18 2005	Great location and space...a little dated	The Hotel Beacon is located in a great location in New York, right in the Upper West Side, close to lots of great restaurants, sites and shopping. The rooms are HUGE by New York standards - 4 times the size of a room I stayed in at the W. We stayed on the 19th floor, with a view of a gorgeous, old building that made us feel like we were in Europe when we looked out the window! The biggest downside is that the furniture is somewhat old and dated, so your stay doesn't seem so luxurious. But, for a family with kids - who need the kitchenette - it's a great choice.	
Jan 17 2005	Great stay	We stayed at the Beacon last year in September for 6 nights.The room was as descriped. Location is also very good - 300m to the next metro station.We booked the hotel through our local travel office and payed 86 € for the room which was cheap in comparsion to other hotels in NY.Nereby you'll find excellent coffee shops and all you need for your stay. If we will go to NY the next time we will book again the Beacon.	
Jan 13 2005	It was great but...	I stayed from December 13 for 6 nights. Upper West Side is great, the hotel is in the very nice location. I could relax. But on final day , I got call from reception. A woman staff said to me &quot; You have to come to the reception and you should check out !&quot; . I said &quot; I am going to check out tomorrow&quot;. But she said &quot; No&quot;. So I said &quot; I have a confirmation e-mail &quot;. Then she said &quot;Wait a minutes.............OK, you'll check out tomorrow. Thank you&quot;. She never apologized. I should have asked her name. I suggest you please keep your confirmation.	
Jan 10 2005	Above average	Stayed from 6th jan till the 10th jan 05, used this site to originally find a hotel as read some quiet bad reviews of some very expensive hotels.The hotel room was very spacious, just as their website showed with two double beds. We stayed on the 8th floor overlooking broadway, wasn't that noisy, and I am a light sleeper and I slept very well.Hotel was very clean, the room had a few bits that could have done with a new coat of paint, but it was only used as a base camp. so didn't bother me.The small kitchen did come in very handy as did the array of restaurants nearby.Reception were friendly and very nice in arranging a taxi for an early morning pickup.I its a bout a 20 minute walk to the top of 5th avenue, but the subway is only three blocks down.I would recommand the beacon, spacious and clean what else do you need?	
Jan 10 2005	Highly recommended	We were staying at the Beacon December 26 until January 2 and can really recommend staying here. We were following reviews of the Beacon online and in travel books about 18 months ago when we started planning our trip and I must say I was not always sure if we have made the correct choice when we booked our stay in January last year. We were, however, duly impressed with the Beacon. We stayed in a room on the 21st floor with lovely views over Central Park. Our room was clean when we arrived and serviced daily and all the people at the Beacon were always friendly and helpful. We found the rates to be affordable for a family of 4, even for South Africans with an exchange rate of R6 per $. The best feature of the Beacon is its location, close to excellent food markets, the subway and bus routes (even a 24 hour pharmacy about one block down when you need it). H &amp; H Bagels (we think with the best bagels in NY) are about 4 blocks away and definitely worth the 5 minutes walk. We can therefore highly recommend staying at the Beacon.	
Jan 4 2005	Unimaginable find!	Read the reviews but was skeptical. Was not disappointed. We stayed for nine nights from 12/24-1/2. The room (one room suite) was huge by New York standards. As a family we were more than comfortable. Had room to have friends over for wine and cheese in the living room while kids hung out in the bedroom and watched a movie. Kitchenette was perfect for staples. Area is very convenient to subway, central park, museums, gourmet shops, restaurants..anyway you need! We will be back for sure!! Lobby is redecorated and beautiful. Staff was very professional and pleasant. Great find in NYC! Great price.	
Dec 30 2004	Hotel Beacon - great	Stayed in the Hotel Beacon for six nights with my sister and daughter in early December and couldn't fault the hotel. Especially the consierge the young feller was so helpful and nothing was ever too much trouble, The supermarket across the road was great, especially upstairs where we had breakfast (best ever) and the Manhattan Diner up the road had such good cheese cake (to die for) Super position and super hotel - would definitely stay there again and recommend it.	
Dec 16 2004	Hotel Beacon - Fulfilled Expectations!	Reading TripAdvisor comments before booking our hotel reservations provided very good insight on the establishment. However a few of the negative comments adds a question mark that stays in the back of your mind. As we were arriving at the hotel, I was a little apprehensive. But as we entered the small but very nice lobby area, any doubt left my mind. The lobby area looked like it had been renovated and was nice and clean. The 3 elevators were small and rustic, but expected from an older building. The hotel rooms were as described by most of the other TripAdvisor comments: suites were large with full kitchenette, two large TV's, temperature control AC, cable channels, etc. The only negative thing about the room is that the carpet should be changed - it was worn out. The restaurant (Viand) located next door to the hotel lobby entrance had a comprehensive menu and good food, and was very faily priced considering it is quasi connected to the hotel.The hotel is conveniently located just 1 short block from the subway, which is not hard to navigate if you study the subway maps and map out your journey beforehand (if Hawaii people can use the subway, anyone can). The neighborhood is very comfortable with a lot of good restaurants, two gourmet type grocery stores and other specialty stores within walking distance. We felt pretty safe walking the streets at night and riding the subways.Our excellent rating is not because the Hotel Beacon is a four star hotel but based on the price, location, neighborhood and accomodations, it was excellent experience. We would definitely stay at the Hotel Beacon again!	
Dec 16 2004 	Great Neighborhood.	Great size room for the price that we paid. Stayed at the Hudson on our last trip and Hotel Beacon's room was about 3 times the size! It was nice to be able to walk around in the room and use the kitchen. Rooms were quiet. Neighborhood is great. Not touristy like Times Square, we could actually enjoy a nice stroll to the many shops and the museums are a few blocks away. Dozens of restaraunts to choose from. Some serve until 11pm or are 24 hours. Don't worry about walking back to the hotel late, we felt safe strolling around at midnight. Easy access to the Subway which we used daily. Will stay here again!	
Dec 15 2004	roaches in my room	I stayed at the beacon on november 30 and december 1. I will say that for the most part the room was just as I had read, very large and clean. However, my second day there I saw roaches in the kitchen area. Needless to say I was more than perturbed. Also, the bathtub drain didnt retain water. So I just showered. The neighborhood was great but I didnt spend almost $200 a night to have roaches.	
Dec 10 2004	Lovely hotel such big rooms!	We stayed here from 29 Nov to 2 Dec and were delighted with the hotel. We were booked into one of their suites and it was HUGE! twin double beds in the bedroom along with tv with cable, 3 walk in wardrobes, huge living room with tv &amp; cable, small kitchenette with pots pans and utensils etc. The suite was gorgeous, we were so delighted. staff very friendly too. the location uptown was great in that it was quite quiet but was a $20 taxi ride to downtown Manhattan. We didnt mind but could work out pretty pricey depending on what you are doing in town. Lots of cafes and restaurants nearby. the cafe attached to the hotel was great, lovely breakfast and superfast room service! Would definitely consider staying here again on our next trip.	
Dec 6 2004 	Great deal great neighborhood!	Want to feel like a real New Yorker? As an ex-pat NYer living in LA, I can honestly say that you couldnt get a better feel for what living in New york is really like! The hotel, situated right next door to the Beacon Theater, is centrally located in the Upper West Side. Its an easy walk to Lincoln Center, and there are a ton of great restaurants in the area. The subway is just 3 short blocks away so you are virtually within minutes of anywhere in the city. The hotel itself is clean and friendly, and my room was huge by New York standards, especially for the $160 rate I got. Each unit comes complete with a small kitchen which has a small stove, microwave and fridge, plus frying pans and utensils so you can take a few meals in if need be. The staff was pleasant, and the consierge was very helpful in getting cheap ($19!) transportation back to JFK in the middle of a terrible rainstorm. Will definitely go back!	
Nov 30 2004	Hotel Beacon good deal for the money	Having travelled quite a bit to NYC, I have stayed at many different places. Hotel Beacon had to be one of the cleanest, nicest places for the money. the kind size bed was comfortable, the room impeccably clean, including the bathroom. The only gripe was an electronic lock that kept locking me out, but they tried unsuccessfully to remedy. Overall, great location, close to subway, and many good restaurants!	
Nov 26 2004	Recommended	I stayed at the Beacon for the first time earlier this month, and was favourably impressed. After some initial check-in problems (they did not have my Travelocity reservation...something about the hotel changing over to a new reservation system), I was able to get the room of my choice. Housekeeping was efficient and polite, and the room and furnishings were clean and comfortable. Having a kitchen equipped with a fridge, microwave, coffee maker, kettle and toaster, as well as plates/cutlery, came in very handy. A few drawbacks worth bearing in mind: The walls are very thin...you are likely to hear your neighbours talking in the room next door, to say nothing of partying. Also, your neighbour may be a long-term resident of the hotel. There are still a number of these left. No problems encountered, but be prepared for possible cooking smells. Finally, housekeeping is using a very unpleasant orange-scented disinfectant in the rooms. I heard at least one new guest asked to be moved because of it. (Her request was politely accomodated by desk staff). Fortunately, the windows can be opened to air out the room if necessary. I asked housekeeping not to use it during my stay and they did not. All in all, I would strongly recommend the Beacon, and plan on staying there for my next visit.	
Nov 19 2004	A Gem of a Hotel	Taking the kids to New York? Don't look further than the Beacon for your accommodation. A one bedroom suite was more than ample for our family of mum, dad, a fifteen year old and an eleven year old. It cost us $225 per night plus taxes, a bargain when you consider we would have needed two rooms at a 'normal' hotel. Not only that, the Beacon is situated in a residential area just a few minutes from downtown and near a subway station if you don't fancy a walk. There are supermarkets, shops, cinemas and good, reasonably priced restraunts nearby to make you feel as though you are seeing the real New York, not just the touristy bit. The hotel is clean, the staff are pleasant and the much discussed lobby work was just being completed as we left - what more can you ask?	
Nov 15 2004	Cozy Home Away From Home	I visit New York City three to four times a year and always stay at the Beacon. You will feel like you are in a NYC apartment. Having the awesome Fairway market right across the street is great since all the rooms have kitchens. GREAT home away from home.	
Nov 5 2004	Extremely satisfied customer!!	On our first trip to NY in October 2004, my husband &amp; I and four other friends could not have been more pleased with our choice of accommodation at the Hotel Beacon. The rooms were spacious, very clean and quiet. The location is fantastic, close to the subway, supermarket across the street, great restaurants nearby, short stroll to Central Park and transport. Close, but not too close, to the hussle and bussle of downtown. Service was excellent and staff on the front desk very helpful &amp; friendly. Would highly recommend this hotel. Thank you Trip Advisor for for such a helpful site which we reviewed prior to booking this hotel!!!	
Oct 30 2004	Great value and location	Have just returned from NYC, where our family (2 adults, 3 teenagers) had a great holiday staying in the Beacon. The 1 bedroom suites are brilliant-2 big double beds in bedroom plus a dbl sofabed in lounge with fully equipped kitchen and bathroom. The location is excellent-short walk to subway, and buses running up &amp; down Broadway stop outside every 5-10 mins. Quick walk to the museums and Central Park. Very good value for money for families-we paid $225 per night plus taxes.	
Oct 25 2004	Outstanding and good service!	The Hotel Beacon was outstanding! The area is great and you get a feel for what it might be like to live in NYC. It's much better then staying in the overcrowded touristy hotels. We only did breakfast in our rooms, otherwise only slept there. The suite was clean, classy and roomy! Suggest having brunch (but always a line) at SaraBeths. It's a fun area to walk around. Took Taxi's most of the time unless we went further away. Close to many of the Broadway shows $7.00 Taxi ride. Hairspray was good and The Producers was ok. Good acting and staging in both.If anyone is going Halloween weekend the Beleveder Castle in Central Park is having a party!	
Oct 24 2004	Fabulous hotel	Booked into the Beacon, after reading favourable reviews. What a find. Beautiful suite, with full kitchen. excellent staff, nothing was too much trouble. The best location, opposite the Fairway grocery store, subway a short walk away. Felt very safe in the area, with lots of excellent shopping and restaurants nearby.The Beacon and New York the best part of our trip!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!..We'll be back.	
Oct 18 2004	Good ole Beacon	The Beacon has become our home away from home when we visit New York. It is consistently reliable and reasonably priced. The rooms are large (by New York standards), the suites are almost palatial. Decor is understated and simple. the staff is EXCELLENT, patient, helpful and always pleasant. Rooms are spotless. Great location-lively neighborhood, subway right down the street.	
Oct 13 2004	Loved The Beacon	This place was awesome, it's like a home away from home. The rooms are spacious extremely clean and the staff were the greatest. They are renovating the lobby and it's looking beatiful now, I wish I could have seen the finished product. I'll have to wait until our next visit there	
Oct 12 2004	Beacon is Excellent Value	Stayed here in October 2004 on a long weekend, having read favourable reviews on this site. Not at all dissapointed! Very helpful staff, spacious rooms, kitchen a real bonus. Very well positioned for subway and local delis, restaurants, shops all v good. Mum was travelling with me and couldn't believe I was telling her the truth on how much it cost to stay there! (good deals available online).	
Oct 11 2004	Great Hotel	Very good place to stay, well situated, helpful staff, large rooms with the addition of a little kitchen. Stayed for seven nights in September and would certainly stay here again.	
Sep 28 2004	Perfect home away from home	Several friends from around the country met in New York from September 16th through 21st. Three of us stayed at the Hotel Beacon, and we couldn't have been happier. We had a suite with two double beds and a hide a bed in the livingroom. There were two very nice size closets, one in the bedroom and one in the hall. Both the bedroom and the living room were large with wonderful views overlooking the Hudson River. The kitchenette had a stove, oven, toaster, coffee pot, microwave and apartment size refrigerator, as well as cups, plates, utinsels, and dish towels. The bathroom was nicely appointed, and the rooms were clean and fresh. We called for extra towels (women, you know need a lot of towels) and they were quickly brought up. There was no noise between rooms at all, you couldn't tell there was anyone else on the floor. We requested non-smoking, and the room was truly that - no old smoke odors at all, in fact none in the hall either.The elevators were clean and fast, and the staff was very nice and courteous. We couldn't have asked for a nicer place from which to venture out - The Beacon is close to everything - subway, shops, restaurant, park, and historic buildings, and it truly was a home away from home. We can't wait to return!	
Sep 23 2004	Fantastic	This is my second visit here (first in 2001). I cannot fault Hotel Beacon. The first time we stayed here we had a suite, this time we had a standard room. They were clean and everything was in working order. Unfortunately the walls are a bit thin and our neighbours tended to stay up late talking rather loud.Location is great. Walked to Times Square. Supermarkets are across the road and very handy. Had breakfast only once at the attached restaurant downstairs.For an authentic NY cheesecake, I recommend the Manhattan Diner just down the road (I think on W78th). It's to die for.I highly recommend staying here. I will do so in the future when we next return to New York.	
Sep 8 2004	Great !	Stayed in early May 04 and out of the 4 hotels we stayed in in New York ( Broadway Inn, Red Roof Inn and the Salisbury) this really was the best for value, location, cleanliness, friendliness, safety. Interestingly enough I got a better rate from the tourist office than via their own website. Lobby was being renovated whilst we were there ( can't believe reading other reviews that it was not finished in August) but that didn't hinder us. Only other thing I would have liked would have been a sitting area and perhaps the option of breakfast in house.	
Aug 29 2004	very nice	We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights in October 2003 and had a wonderful time. The location was great, far from midtown, at the same time easily reached by bus and subway (we had an express stop!). There was the Fairways market in front, which closed very late every night, the Starbucks in the corner and a pleasant neighbourhood to walk, shop and dine. And the Central Park!!Our room was clean and nicelly furnished, with 2 queen beds and a lot of space. There was also a kitchenette very funtional. We will be back!	
Aug 16 2004	Loved the Hotel Beacon	We just returned from a long weekend at the Hotel Beacon with our two small children. That hotel is the perfect choice for travelling with children. The spacious suites give everyone their space and the kitchen is very handy. It's great to stay in an area that is an actual neighborhood with real people living in it--great grocery stores, neighborhood restaurants, etc. It's also a quick 3 block walk to the subway. For the money, the Hotel Beacon is a great deal. We'll stay there everytime.	
Aug 16 2004	A bit run down but great location	We spent 3 nights at the Beacon in June 2004 and found it a bit more run down than at our last visit in 2001. The furniture and carpeting are shabby and the A/C in one of the rooms did not work. The bathroom, however, was nice and bright and seemed to have been renovated recently. Like the last time, we had a suite and found that the quality of the equipment in the kitchenette had also gone down. But perhaps help is on the way: Major renovation work was going on in the reception area during our stay -- hopefully those efforts will expand to the rest of the hotel.These shortcomings are compensated for by the hotel's excellent location on the Upper West Side, 3 blocks from the 72 Street subway station. There is a wonderful market across the street (Fairway) where we bought terrific breakfast and take-out dinner items to save on restaurant expenses. Rooms facing the street have a noise level that can be expected in a big city, but be aware that also rooms facing the courtyard are noisy when there are concerts at the adjacent Beacon Theater.	
Aug 8 2004	Nothing special but a good hotel	Stayed in the Beacon four nights july 04. The lobby is currently being renovated.I found no problems with this hotel - its in a great location on the Upper West side, convenient to transport and shopping.Our room was of a good size and the kitchenette allowed us to save on the cost of breakfast. Rooms are clean and in good condition. Furnishing is nothing special - a bit bland but i guess they have to cater to many varied tastes.No health club in-house but you can use the club one door down.If you can get this for a good price then you're unlikely to be disappointed.	
Jul 30 2004	Quiet but handy for sightseeing	Travelled to NY in November 2000 as a special treat for the Millenium. Hotel Beacon was a comfortable haven to return to after an exhausting days sightseeing. With the self catering facilities, the 24 hour Market opposite and being situated on Broadway it was an ideal location. Will certainly return someday.	
Jul 30 2004	The Beacon is great	June 21, 2004. The stay at the Beacon was great. The location is ideal for first time visitors to New York. Close to transportations, resturants, grocers, and main attractions. The hotel services and staff were adequate and friendly. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. This proved to be a safe and comfortable location. This will be the hotel of choice and highly recommened.	
Jul 18 2004	Safe clean spectacular view	I was in a suite on the 20th floor, at the southernmost tip of the hotel. Illness kept me indoors at night. But the view of the Ansonia looking west across Broadway--turrets, gargoyles, chimneys, etc.--was spectacular. There were also windows looking downtown along Columbus, Amsterdam and Broadway--the cityscape continued at least to Herald Square. The room decor was uninspired, but clean. Housekeeping excellent, staff friendly and professional. If you love the upper west side or are lucky enough to afford a suite with a view like this, you can't do better for the price.	
Jun 29 2004	Great location 	I stayed at the Hotel Beacon for a week in early June 2004 with my husband and 2 friends. We had a quad share room and it had ample space for 4 people. Kitchenette was really helpful. Great location opposite 24 food market. Loads of fantastic restaurants around the hotel. Very close to subway stations. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 27 2004	The Beacon Hotel a little treasure	My daughter selected the Beacon as our &quot;home away from home&quot; for the 8 days we visited NYC. The hotel is perfectly located - close to the subway, close to Central Park and the museums, and close to food stores. The kitchenette in the room meant we could have our morning coffee and rolls in our pj's while we planned the day's activities. The hotel is clean, staff is friendly and helpful. We will definitely return!	
Jun 24 2004	Excellent - will stay again	This was a great choice, which I decided on after reading other reviews on this site. My husband and I, and our two young children (4 and 1) stayed at the Hotel Beacon for 5 nights. The kitchen-ette with a stove, microwave, refrigerator and even dishes was great - especially with a huge grocery store across the steet. The staff was very friendly and even accomodated us with a late check-out. They have a small computer lab with internet access and printers. You can buy tickets for various attractions and even subway passes at the desk. Less than a block from the subway and very easy to hail a cab. A couple blocks from Central Park, an easy walk to the Natural History Museum and only a couple blocks from a children's museum. Wil most definitely stay at the Beacon again!!!!! Excellent experience at a great price. Look on the net for prices at a steal...especially for a NYC hotel!	
Jun 22 2004	4day trip to NYC	We found NYC. to be friendly and busy. The hotel Beacon was great. It was both friendly and located in a great area. grocery store across the street, also a bank, and starbucks.Central Park only a few blocks away and the same is true for good restuarants found along Columbus Ave.The NYC subway was close and was easy to navigate. We enjoyed it all	
Jun 22 2004	Great for the budget traveler	I typically frequent hostels, since I travel alone and have a limited budget. This time, I decided to upgrade, and I wasn't disappointed. Definitely not a first-class hotel, but if you're looking for a comfortable room in a great location, then the Beacon is perfect. Affordably priced with all the right accomodations. The kitchenette was great to have! Plenty of room, the A/C never failed, and the bathrooms are very clean. Furnishings were worn, but acceptable. The windows seemed thin--they were closed during my stay, yet I could still hear plenty of street noise. Fun location, although the subway was a little far for me in 90% humidity. It's not right around the corner, but if the heat and a little legwork doesn't bother you, it's plenty close enough. Great places to eat and shop nearby, and seemed quite safe. Whenever I'm looking to save, I will definitely return! 	
Jun 8 2004	Beacon Hotel: the scoop	great manhattan location: 1/2 blk from subway, full service supermarket across the street. Clean 2 star quality (motel6 like) rooms. Kitchenette is tiny but super convenient.	
May 23 2004	great!	Great hotel for New York city. We stayed in a suite with double beds. Large rooms, very comfortable for 3 adults and one child. Transortation was easy with the subway station only a few blocks away. The beds were a little lumpy but that was our only complaint! I will definteley stay here again.	
May 15 2004	Not bad	WHEN: Stayed May 7-12. Two adults.ROOM: Guestroom with double beds and kitchenetteFIRST IMPRESSION: Room isn't your upscale type of hotel room but it isn't your Motel 6 either. It definitely is bigger than your budget NYC hotel room. Good size for the price. Didn't have a view but faced the sidestreet; didn't have any noise from the street like I've read. We slept well through the nights. Perhaps the rooms facing Broadway Avenue may have had more noise? The carpet looked a bit dingy. The beds were comfortable; firm. Small table with two chairs provided. Dresser with two larger drawers. TV with cable. Shades that you could roll up or down by simply pulling on a cord. AC worked well. Alarm clock available. Iron and board in small closet.KITCHENETTE: Microwave, electric stove, and small refrigerator. You also are provided with plates and utensils for four people. We made ourselves breakfast burritos each morning! In addition there is a nonstick pan, a couple of serving utensils, and a toaster! BATHROOM: Very small. Bathtub/shower combo. Not too much counterspace. Toilet with strong flush.STAFF: Not overly friendly but then we're not ones to ask for a lot and complain.LOCATION: Upper West SideHOTEL BEACON NEIGHBORS: Fairway Market is right across the street and closes at 130am. You can get fruit, eggs, various meat, etc. If you're more interested in gourmet type groceries then you can head uptown to Zabar's which is about 7 blocks away (80th Street). Starbucks is practically next door on the right. Vivaldi cafe is literally next to the entrance. TRANSPORTATION: **SUBWAY**About a block and half from the subway, 2 minute walk; 72nd Street stop to be exact. Jump on the Red 1, 2, 3, or 9 line and that'll take you straight to Battery Park (South Ferry stop) if you go downtown with various stops such as Times Square and Columbus Circle (Central Park). **TAXI**Easy to hail a cab as soon as you step out on the sidewalk. RENOVATION: They are currently having some work done to update their really small lobby. Should be complete by midsummer. Noise is not bothersome. We were out all day and only really just pass through the lobby so the work being done was not a nuisance. They do have fairly quick elevators (3). **All in all, we would consider staying here again on our next visit although we would also consider trying out another more upscale hotel such as the Marriott or Sheraton just to see what a regular hotel room in this type of hotel would be like. But only if the price is right. Hope this helped. Post any questions as I regularly review this site.	
May 13 2004	Great Location	The Hotel Beacon was at a great location! We loved the neighborhood and the ease of getting on the subway. The grocery store across the street was an excellent bonus. The room had a kitchenette and we would fill the refridgerator with food. We didn't get a great view but who spends all their time looking out the window. The Beacon has a laundry room which we used and we were very pleased. The staff were helpful and friendly. We had nothing to complain about. Next time I am in New York, the Beacon is where I will stay.	
May 8 2004	We will be back!	Just returned from 6 nights at the Beacon (May 1-7, 2004). Our room was a GIGANTIC deluxe king room with kitchenette. It was very handy to have fridge and microwave for restaurant leftovers. The stove burners shorted out at times, but worked well enough for our purposes. No view, but they offered to move us to a view room when it came available next day. The room was very clean and quiet except during concerts at the Beacon Theater directly underneath us.The price was 1/3 less than a kitchenette suite in the Doubletree Times Square, with a much nicer neighborhood and ambience. Friendly concierge, outstanding location with museums, shops, Central Park, and cafes in walking distance. The rest of New York easily reached by subway. We got 7 Day Unlimited Metro Cards for $21 and rode all over. We have visited the city many times before, but never overnight. We did a lot, but missed a lot and will be back to the Beacon for more.	
Apr 29 2004	Excellent hotel 	This hotel is a true find, especially for wheelchair users and disabled travelers. Upon arrival, a separate entrance then a ramp lead you to the front desk. The staff is courteous and thoughtful.The room we had was a one bedroom suite, and it was hands-down the most wheelchair accessible hotel room we've ever stayed in.The bathroom featured marble floors and roll-in shower, a bath chair is available in the hall closet. The kitchenette was obviously recently renovated with marble floors, brand-new cabinets, full-sized fridge, as well as a microwave, coffee maker and mini-stove. Pots, pans, plates and silverware are all there. Just pick up some groceries and you're good to go for days. The kitchen and bathroom sinks are open underneath, no problem if you use a wheelchair.The nicely appointed living room featured a pull-out couch, kitchenette table, comfy chairs and coffee and end tables. The bedroom was more than adequately-sized, featuring a closet with lowered hanging area. Comfy pillows and soft blankets made for a restful night after touring Manhattan.All doors in the &quot;apartment&quot; (I call it that because it was bigger than some of our NY relatives' pads!) are extra-wide. The window shades are easily lowered and raised with a reachable pulley chain.Need anything? The concierge is helpful and at the ready. A gem on Broadway, the Hotel Beacon will be our home away from home when visiting Manhattan. Thanks to the staff and management for a wonderful stay. 	
Apr 26 2004	Very comfortable and friendly hotel	I like NYC very much, it's the most European like city in the US, and the Upper West Side with the Beacon Hotel is a charming part of NYC's atmosphere. The museums, cafes, restaurants, foodstores, travel agencies, boutiques, Central Park, subway stations, - just a step out of the hotel. I stayed at the Beacon - very comfortable hotel with friendly staff - for one week in July 2001. I'm planning to visit NYC this summer and to book a room at the Beacon Hotel again. I'm happy that almost three years after my previous stay the visitors of the TripAdvisor still rank the hotel very, very high. And surely it deserves that!	
Apr 22 2004	excellent hotel	Stayed in this hotel last week - can't say enough about it. The rooms were large &amp; clean, staff friendly &amp; efficient.As was expresssed by other reviewers, street was noisy - but this is New York so this is to be expected. We had intented to stay in the Broadway Plaza but cancelled our reservation - a lucky escape on our part! If you are going to NY, stay in the Beacon you will be pleased.	
Apr 15 2004	A real gem in a lively neighborhood! A wonderful stay.	My wife and I just returned from a six night stay at The Beacon along with our two young boys as a special treat over their spring break from grade school. I'm pleased to report that it suited our needs very well. We selected this hotel on the strength of the many positive reviews we read on this website, and the favorable press is well-justified. The location is 75th and Broadway, and there are many amenities within the immediate area of the hotel: Grocery stores, pubs/bars, upscale eateries, family diners, budget fast food, drug and department stores--you name it. There are two subway stations within a short walk in opposite directions of the hotel, and you can get anywhere in Manhattan from there. The closet space is excellent, and the hotel, while not particuarly lavish, is certainly clean and well-managed. A minor negative is that we did hear some street noise even though we were on the 22nd floor, but then again that's pretty much par for the course in a city like NYC unless you're staying in some posh hotel. It wasn't so bad as to keep us awake, or anything of the sort. The simple fact is that this hotel a terrific choice for a family of four or less, particularly if young kids are in the picture. The kitchenette (complete with a stove and a good sized refrigerator/freezer) is a huge plus, and very hard to find in NYC hotels. We had breakfast in our room each morning, munching on all kinds of great stuff from the Fairway Market directly across the street. We wouldn't hesitate to stay at The Beacon again in the future. You could do MUCH worse.	
Mar 22 2004	we loved it	we spent 8 great days in the Beacon last week. It was great ! First of all the hotel has an excellent position on Broadway, yet it was quiet and not noisy. Our room included a bedroom with 2 queen beds, a lounge with an opening sofa, a fully equipped kitchenette and a nice bathroom. The four of us had plenty of space. We were there with our twins and the hotel position is a few minutes walk from many kids attractions: central park, natural history museum, Manhattan's childrens museum and of course many gourmet pleasures from Zabar and Fairway to Mcdonald's. The only two things that could have been better are the plumbing (toilet) and the hotel's lobby that is under construction for the next few weeks. Otherwise we recommend it highly!	
Mar 22 2004	Wonderful!	What a nice little hotel! Immaculate, friendly, safe, and in a great neighbourhood. I loved the Beacon and I will make it my &quot;home base&quot; whenever I am in NYC in the future.	
Feb 24 2004	Good stay	It was a good idea to change our plans after having read tripadvisors reviews of the hotel we originally planned to stay at and change to Hotel Beacon for the same reason. We spent four nights from Jan. 27th, 2004 and found it exactly the nice and cosy spot it had been described. Fairways just opposite the hotel gives any opportunity to prepare breakfast, ready-to-cook-meals or any kind of cooking - if you really think you should bother for that while visiting marvelous N.Y. ...	
Feb 12 2004	Loved the hotel	My stay at the Beacon was enjoyable. I loved the room, it was big! The concierge was extremely helpful, told me where to go to find the secret TKTS. I loved having a subway location nearby, we were on it constantly! Also, having the world class grocery store nearby gave it points on my list, especially since it was nice to come back to the room at the end of the day and eat supper in the room. I plan to go back and the Beacon is where I will stay!	
Jan 10 2004	The Beacon shines brightly on the Upper West Side	A good friend told me about Hotel Beacon, and after reading all the other reviews, we booked for Dec. 21 to Dec. 27. From the moment we arrived until the bill was taken care of, we could not have had a more pleasant experience. The lobby was elegantly decorated for Christmas. The room was very comfortable (but admittedly, the beds were somewhat hard; nevertheless, we slept just fine), and having the kitchenette made life so much easier. Everything was kept sparkling clean throughout our stay-plenty of strong, hot water for baths...A booklet in the room gives suggestions on where to eat, and the places that we tried matched what was said. Good markets and stores all around, and having the subway all of a minute away was great. People who stayed at the hotel were friendly-maybe we all felt lucky to have a &quot;find&quot; or it could have been the holiday spirit? There were two concierges, both of whom were extremely conscientious and helpful. It's true there's street noise, but on the upper floors, it doesn't seem to be in evidence. A definite find.	
Jan 10 2004	Great base for NYC	Nothing much to say that people havent put already! The hotel is has a great location, is well worth the money. The restaurants arent as expensive as Midtown areas can be, the subway is an express subway too with disabled lifts and operates all night, the 104 bus stops outside the hotel and there are 2 decent supermarkets (one is 24 hour) over the road.TIP: order takeout for Ollies noodles (or walk 8 block down broadway) great chinese food.The only negative point would be the size of room and the storage available, if you had 4 adults then you would find it cramped but then again I am only nitpicking.Would definately (and will definately) stop here again.	
Jan 8 2004	This one's a keeper!	Folks--you've got to check this one out. I had read the tripadvisor reviews about Hotel Beacon and they were so right on! My family and I (4 total) stayed in a one-bedroom suite that was indeed spacious, as indicated in many reviews. Comfortable living room for visitors, too. The accomodations were excellent (good condition, etc.) --kitchenette was a plus (equipped with basic kitchen needs), staff was friendly and attentive, etc. It's so close to the subway, markets, restaurants, Central Park, museums. Nice neighborhood. We plan to stay here whenever we head to NYC again! Very satisfied customers!	
Jan 7 2004	Very comfortable hotel good location	My husband and I have just returned from New York, we stayed at the Beacon Hotel for 7 nights. It was excellent value and just a couple of minutes walk from the subway. The kitchenette was very handy for breakfast and supermarkets were just across the street. Lots of restaurants nearby. Our room was very comfortable and the in room safe was useful. I would definitely stay here again	
Dec 15 2003	Wonderful Hotel!!!	My friend and I were in NYC with a bus tour on December 5-7. The Hotel Beacon was the first hotel we have ever stayed at right in the city. I cannot say enough of how wonderful it is! We were on the top floor, on a corner overlooking the most beautiful building, the Ansonia! Even though we were there during the &quot;blizzard&quot;, we had a fabulous time! The rooms are HUGE! And so comfy. There is a grocery right across the street, so we could make cocoa in our little kitchen. I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Dec 7 2003	couldn't be happier	We were attending a wedding in NYC the day before Thanksgiving and were extremely pleased with the hotel. First of all, the location was perfect for our purposes, e.g. the reception at Tavern on the Green and the rehearsal dinner. Also, we could walk 3-4 blocks to the site of the inflation of the balloons which our 6 year old enjoyed. The neighborhood felt safe and had many restaurants and shops. The staff at the front desk was friendly and efficient. The one bedroom suite was clean and VERY spacious. The linens were clean. The bed comfortable. The handicapped accessible bathroom was newly renovated and easy to use for all (handicapped and otherwise). The in-room safe was most useful. The kitchen had full amenities and was very clean. Considering that most restaurants will deliver, the kitchen became an important feature. All of the other wedding guests enjoyed the hotel as well. No complaints as far as we know. I was surprised at the low room rate, $185.00/night for the 1 bedroom suite! We had stayed in the Sheraton Towers in the past and felt that Hotel Beacon was superior especially if you consider the price. We will definitely stay at this hotel again in future visits of which there will be many I'm sure.	
Dec 5 2003	spent 6 great nights from 26th november at the beacon	have just spent 6 great nights at the beacon hotel with my daughter. Had a room on the 21st floor which was really comfortable and clean, and we had no noise from the street. The reception staff were extremely helpful and very friendly. The hotel is in an excellent position and right next to the subway from where you can get anywhere you want. I thoroughly recommend and this hotel and cannot wait to go back.	
Nov 15 2003	Great choice.	Our family of 4 stayed in a one-bedroom suite for 3 nights in August (leaving town just hours before the blackout!). We *really* liked the Beacon. The suite was huge, clean, and quiet. As much closet space than we have at home. The only knocks on it are petty -- the elevators are small and slow; you might have to wait 2 minutes for a ride. The lobby is small, but we don't spend much time sitting around lobbies. I second all the comments on the great neighborhood and its amenities. (Too bad they are booked during our next visit.) -Roger in Seattle-	
Oct 31 2003	Great value for money!	My partner and I stayed at the Beacon between October 20th and October 27th 2003. It was my fourth and my partners first visit to NYC, and we were both extremely pleased with the location of the hotel. The residential neighborhood is friendly and lively with a great amount of stores and restaurants, and it felt very safe even late at night. As you enter the street you have both Fairway Market and Citarellas just across Broadway great places to fill up your reserves and a bit to the left you see the Ansonia building, one of the most magnificent buildings in the entire city. Next to the Beacon you find the Viand Café, open 24 hrs, where you may want to have your breakfast. The subway at 72nd St is just a couple of minutes walk away, Zabars is a five minute walk, and you have lots of restaurants just around the corner. (We highly recommend Papardellas at 76th and Columbus, and Bruculino at 225 Columbus Ave!)Our room was large and very clean and the bathroom was spacious. We were especially pleased with the in-room safe, big enough to fit cameras and other valuable belongings you didnt necessarily want to bring with you late at nights. The view from the 20th floor was great. We didnt see a lot of Central Park, but well some nice views of the Dakota and the San Remo buildings. The traffic in the streets could be heard through the windows, but we didnt think it was a problem.The staff at the Beacon were accommodating to us at all times. Everyone was friendly, from the manager to the cleaning staff.The only hesitation we had was that there seemed to be a small draft from the windows. On the other hand did the air conditioning efficiently solve that problem.Indeed, the Beacon isnt a luxury hotel, but it absolutely fulfilled our every need, and as the say on their home page, it is a place you want to come home to after a long days browsing the Manhattan neighborhoods. We will definitely recommend this hotel to any of our friends, and wed be happy to stay here again ourselves.	
Oct 26 2003	grungy and mice-ridden	We stayed at the Beacon because it got really great reviews on the web (see above...), but we were really disappointed. sure, the location is great, but nothing could make up for the fact that one night, when I was in my hotel room alone with my baby (!), I saw a mouse running across the room! They were nice enough about it and upgraded us to a suite, but I was freaked out for the rest of our stay. The fact that the rooms (both) were a bit on the grungy side did not help matters much. It may be time for a total renovation, guys.	
Oct 14 2003	Great price for NY (especially this size of room)	I stayed at the Hotel Beacon with my wife for a getaway weekend. The price was great for New York, especially for the size of room, which was fairly big. The neighbourhood is great - more human-scale than the Upper East. Food stores are close by (Citarella's is across the street) and you can keep it cold in the fridge or heat it in the microwave. Both appliances are provided. The plumbing is noisy however.	
Oct 6 2003	Loved this hotel in NYC's most livable neighborhood	My family stayed at the Beacon in September. The hotel had a lot to live up to. In past trips, we had stayed in the very nice Roger Smith Hotel in midtown. This time, we wanted to enjoy the more neighborhoody feel of the Upper West Side. The Beacon turned out to be a prize. The rooms in this former apt. house were comfortable and clean and fairly large. There was a small kitchenette with two-burner stove, half-size fridge and microwave. Dishes and cookware were available. The wonderful Fairway Market (groceries) was directly across the street from the hotel, making it very simple to find great food and cook in our room. Both H&amp;H Bagel and Zabars were right down the street. And the 72nd Street subway stop was about a two-minute walk from the hotel. The Upper West Side is a wonderful neighborhood, with a vibrant street-life. But it isn't quite as crazy as the Village or as sterile as midtown. We're definitely staying here again.	
Sep 24 2003	Perfect tourist hotel	I stayed at Hotel Beacon for three nights in August. The lobby wasn't the most impressive sight on first arrival but the rooms are spacious, pleasant and well equipped. Compared to London hotels for the same money you get fantastic value. The little kitchen facility was very useful, very clean and the large supermarket across the road from the hotel meant it could be easily stocked. Transport links are fantastic with a subway station two minutes walk away which many of the main lines run through. I didn't have much contact with the staff except at reception where they were very helpful.	
Sep 14 2003	hotel beacon	we stayed at the hotel beacon 2nd sept for 4 nights the suite we had was on the 7th floor it had a kitchen lounge and bedroom which was very nice the only problem was the noise from the street so we asked to be moved the staff were very helpful and we were moved to the 23rd floor within 1 hour we could still hear some noise but it was better the hotel is near central park many shops and close to the subway the staff were very helpful at all times and we returned on the last day of our holiday for 1 night very good value as four of us stayed in the suite and if we visit newyork again we would stay at the hote beacon thanks for a enjoyable stay	
Aug 23 2003	Good value for money	Stayed 6 nights in August with my wife and 2 teenage boys in 1 bedroom suite.Very good neighbourhood with lots of places to eat / shop. 2 mins walk to subway and 10 mins into Times Square. Very close to Central Park.Very large rooms and huge closets but tiny bathroom 5 feet by 5 feet. All immaculateWe were originally on 15th floor at front of building but got a lot of noise from the supermarket opposite. Moved us to 20th floor at back which was much better although windows are not double glazed and you still get some noise.Air con worked well but a little noisy.Beds queen size and 'OK' as was sofa bed.The kitchen facility in the room is excellent.Staff very friendly and helpfulGood value for money at 200USD inc all taxesWe survived the NYK blackout !!	
Aug 12 2003	not at all what was expected	After reading all the reviews on tripadvisor, we went down to NYC and checked into the beacon. the hotel is nothing short of a dump. The room smelled like a mixture of javex and bleach and after being in the room a mere 20 minutes, I ended up with about 6 bites, I still have no idea from what. Yes, the upper west side location is great but the rooms are far from it. As well, the bellboy was incredibly rude but the gentleman at the front desk was rather accomodating as we grabbed our bags and checked out immediatley, not even staying a night. I would not at all recommend this hotel to anyone that wants to feel like they are on a vacation.	
Aug 7 2003	The Beacon shines	What a perfect choice. My husband and I, together with our 3 grown-up children stayed in a one bedroom suite for 2 nights (July 28-29 2003). Aside from the fact that the Beacon was one of the few hotels which would accomodate all of us without having to book 2 rooms, we found the hotel suite to be clean and spacious and the service was great. It was excellent value for money. The location was ideal, just 3 blocks from Central Park, 1 block from the subway and across from the wonderful Fairways market. I would highly recommend the Beacon - it is a little gem on the upper West side.	
Jul 26 2003	Beacon is an excellent choice	Perfect experience at the Beacon. Stayed for three nights with three kids. Received a suite on the 22nd floor by request. Good views and good accomodations. Easy access to park, trains, $5 gym in basement, Starbucks next door, neighborhood restaurants are plenty. Great value and good job info from trip advisor.	
Jul 22 2003	Perfection on the Upper West Side	The Beacon was a perfect hotel. It was one block off the subway, across the street (literally!) from the Fairway Market, just a few blocks from Zabars, a few blocks from Central Park and incredibly comfortable. The room was pretty large by NYC standards with an effective air conditioning system and easy to use lights and TV. The bed was comfortable, the kitchenette was great and the bathroom was very clean and comfortable.I recommend asking for a room on one of the higher floors to enhance your view and decrease traffic noise. We were on the 14th floor and the traffic was not a problem at all. I cannot overemphasize the terrific location and ease of staying at the Beacon. I highly recommend it and will stay again the next time we're in NYC.	
Jul 14 2003	Great Trip	My husband and I have stayed at the Hotel Beacon on two separate occasions. Both times we were very pleased with the accomodations, and the location of the room. We found the hotel staff to be very helpful with any question that we put to them. Jim Tracy, at the front desk, was very helpful. The housekeeping staff was courteous and very thorough. We love the location, near the park, and also only being a couple of blocks from the public transportation. We have recommended the hotel to our friends, and we will continue to do so. Thank you for a great stay, and we look forward to being with you again. Sincerely, Mr. and Mrs. A F Gelinas	
Jul 9 2003	Great Service Spacious Rooms	My first trip to NYC and I was prepared for what I had heard from friends about New Yorkers. I was absolutely WRONG! The Hotel Beacon staff went out of their way every day to make me feel welcome and were helpful in giving directions and locating theatre tickets. Don't stay anywhere else!! They have a kitchenette in every room and are right across the street from a market. You can't beat it!	
Jul 1 2003	Hotel Beacon: Worth far more than what I payed.	Recently I had to fly into NYC for a small convention. I knew that my weekend would be free and I wanted to be closer to the culture of city. I really wanted to avoid the constant buzz and flash of Times Square, and the shuffling of money in the business and financial district. I finally chose the Hotel Beacon based on price and location. It's in a great location on the Upper West Side. They were offering a special on their one bedroom suites that I just couldn't pass up. It was well worth it because I had an excellent view of Central Park, a kitchen, and the rooms were quite large compared to most NYC hotels I have stayed in throughout the past. I had a one bedroom suite for only $180/nt and it had a kitchenette with all the dishes and everything I needed. I think the Beacon's regular rooms have kitchenettes too. I couldn't imagine being in a better location for what I needed. Just about everything I did while in the city I did it within a 10 block radius. I was right next to Lincoln Center, Museum of Natural History, Central Park, the Rose Center, and an abundance of food and entertainment for when the sun went down. The neighborhood felt very safe and the tree-lined streets were a very nice touch to top it off with. Overall, I couldnt imagine staying anywhere else in the city. However, my only complaint would be the lack of intrusive lights and sounds that used to interrupt my sleep before I found this place. I definitely expected to pay much more for such high ceilings, the marble bathroom, and all great staff. I'll definitely stay at the Beacon next time I am in New York	
Jun 5 2003	Great Hotel	This hotel was excellent! I booked it for 4 nights based on reviews and I was not disappointed. It was very clean, roomy, and nicely decorated. They met my request for a room with a view. The room was on the 24th floor overlooking the Hudson River. I felt it was in an excellent location, close enough to all the action, but distant from all the noise. Also it was only two blocks from the subway. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay again.	
May 30 2003	Nice Nice Nice	The Hotel Beacon was a great place to stay. I just got back from my first trip to New York and we all had a wonderful time. My daugher, my mother, her other granddaughter and I spent 9 nights at the Hotel Beacon. We were very very pleased. I booked this hotel on-line from the Hotel's web site after reading the reviews here at Trip Advisor and I was glad I did.The hotel staff was wonderful and very helpful. The room was clean and large with an average size very nice bathroom with a hair dryer. The room also had a small refrigerator, a microwave, a toaster, a coffee pot, and a 2-burner stove with pots and pans, plates, bowls, glasses, and silverware for four. For some reason there was not a spatula, so I don't know what you would do if you wanted to cook some eggs over-easy. Also, there is no ice available other than two small ice cube trays in the refrigerator. We did request two more trays that were brought up promptly. The Fairway (a very interesting grocery/deli store) was just across the street so we got some food for breakfasts and snacks. Zabars (another very interesting grocery/deli store) was about six blocks north.We were just a few short blocks from the subway which was very convenient. An Avis car rental location was just one block north. If you wanted a taxi generally it took a little longer to get one that was available around 9 a.m. One day we just gave up and walked the 11 blocks to where we wanted to go.Because we were in the upper West Side it was away from all the hustle and bustle of the Times Square area and other tourist areas. That was nice when it came time to go back to the hotel because it wasn't so crazy like other parts of the city and was very relaxing. We all felt very safe and well taken care of at the Beacon and the immediate area and I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.I would suggest asking for a room above the 15th floor to help with traffic noise, etc. We were on the 10th floor and it wasn't too bad but it could possibly easily disturb someone not used to little slow due to them stopping on each floor (or so it seemed) to pick up or let off passengers.The next time I go to New York I will certainly be planning on staying back at the Hotel Beacon again.	
Apr 26 2003	the perfect Manhattan home		
Apr 6 2003	Fine old Hotel		
Mar 21 2003	Our hotel in New York!		
Mar 19 2003	The only place to stay!		
Jan 28 2003	Great!		
Jan 24 2003	Great Value ~ Very Nice		
Jan 13 2003	Great Hotel		
Nov 13 2002	Very nice hotel		
Nov 11 2002	Great experience at Hotel Beacon		
Aug 27 2002	Perfect Upper West Side Location		
Oct 27 2009 	??????????????????		
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix et très bon emplacement.		
Oct 9 2009 	Wunder was!!! Ein wundervolles Hotel - nicht nur zum schlafen!		
Sep 29 2009 	Ottima camera e buona posizione		
Sep 27 2009 	Hotel très bien placé		
Aug 17 2009 	Excellente adresse		
Jun 29 2009 	A refaire..		
May 30 2009 	Hotel Beacon - eine gute Wahl !!!		
Apr 25 2009 	Très bien situé		
Apr 5 2009 	excellent choix		
Feb 14 2009 	????????????		
Jan 14 2009 	????????		
Jan 13 2009 	Un plan pour les familles		
Jan 5 2009 	??????????		
Oct 17 2008 	N.Y??????????		
Oct 12 2008 	Beacon? Gerne immer wieder....		
Oct 7 2008 	??????????????		
Sep 3 2008 	Ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo ma attenzione: work in progress al 7 piano!		
Aug 23 2008 	Encantador hotel del West Side.		
Jul 31 2008 	Eigene Wohnung in Manhattan!		
Apr 5 2008	Limpio y cómodo ideal para familias		
Dec 8 2007 	Albergo in posizione strategica!!		
Sep 3 2007	Para vivir entre los neoyorquinos en su ambiente.		
May 24 2007 	Große saubere Zimmer gute Gegend etwas laut		
May 22 2007	Trés bien		
Mar 2 2007	Bel hôtel très bien situé		
Aug 26 2006 	Ein wirklich empfehlenswertes Hotel kommen sicher wieder !		
Feb 17 2006	Wenn dieses Hotel gutes Personal hätte.........		
