Nov 5 2009 	mildew and pubic hair but close to times square	This hotel is near Times Square and all the touristy action. It's also on a major intersection and is a low-rise building, so expect lots of noise when you're sleeping. The window was broken which made for a cold breezy evening in November. (Heat not yet on). The bathroom had lots of mildew and pubic hair. It was the same pubic hairs from one day to the next. Do they not clean? I am a big fan of low budget places and hostels, but I wouldn't stay here again.	
Oct 18 2009 	Clean central friendly but with tiny rooms and very loud traffic noise	The Americana Inn is close walking distance to the subway and is in a safe neighborhood with cafes and the amazing Little Korea (with delicious Korean BBQ restaurants) nearby. The room and shared baths were very clean, but the twin/twin room was MUCH smaller than the picture shown on the website - the 2 twins were literally about a foot apart with no nightstands. The front desk was friendly and helpful and the hotel felt to be kept secure. One major drawback was the road noise from our room which faced the intersection of 6th and 38th - I expect noise in the city but the windows were not able to be tightly shut and as a result it was almost as load inside as outside - bring earplugs! And overall good experience.	
Sep 30 2009 	Terrible hotel	Hot, smelly, dirty and not even that cheap. Avoid like the plague	
Sep 28 2009 	Clean but basic a place to chill for a while..	We stayed at the hotel for six nights and let's be honest, if you're expecting luxury this is not where you would find it. BUT the hotel is clean and basic and has most everything you need for a budget stay in the city that never sleeps. The bedroom on the top floor had twin beds, a shared bedside table, a small closet with about 6 hangers in and a sink with a light on. My biggest gripe was NO mirror in the room which was a bit annoying with two girls getting ready every morning. Saying that though, the shared bathrooms were normally very clean (obviously when they had just been used they got a little mucky- but the maids were excellent and kept them clean every day!) It would have been nice to have paper towels to dry hands or soap to wash hands because you hardly remember to take a towel every time you go to the toilet. The shower wasn't very powerful and did stop randomly a couple of times - but did turn back on after a couple of minutes and was hot and fine. Also there were no worry about getting into the bathrooms because you could always nip to another floor you were stuck.Overall it was clean and basic. Little touches like paper hand towels in bathroom, and a mirror in the bedroom would have made it even better, but for the price you can't really complain. Asked for a hairdryer at reception every morning and got one and used a safety deposit box behind reception too which was fine. Lift was kinda HOT and a bit slow, and slightly annoying because it dinged a lot. Air con handy when we stayed because wass very warm but could not really leave it on all night because was very noisy. NYC is the kinda place which you expect beeping horns and trash being broken up in the night so just expect it and take it in as the city experience. Location very good for hotel- minutes walk from good midtown attractions- do the Rockefeller Centre at night very pretty and enjoyed Madame Tussauds in Times Square. Enjoy	
Sep 23 2009 	Absolute Horror	To start, this is not a hotel or a motel - it's a hostel. The room was reminiscent of a city morgue and it smelled as such. Shared bathrooms are an absolute disaster, I elected not to shower. I should also mention that I slept in my clothes for fear of catching something from the mattress. I tried contacting my booking agent, but I couldn't dial a 1-800 number from my room, I had to use a payphone which was located in the lobby. Disaster.	
Sep 18 2009 	worst hotel i've ever stayed in	horrible, smelly, noisy, dirty, unfriendly.shared bathroom was grimdreaded going back here at the end of the dayspent a few more bucks to go 3 star	
Sep 16 2009 	Lovely budget hotel - recommended.	This is really good value. It's fairly basic, with shared bathrooms but this is common in NY anyway. There was a sink in our room and towels, shampoo and shower gel provided. It was very clean and the staff were good. We didn't use the kitchen but i think they were pretty basic - it's as cheap to eat out as do a supermarket shop here anyway! For a central location and good price, so long as you're not wanting anything too big or fancy, this is worth a look - we'd definitely stay again.	
Sep 11 2009 	Just Bad.	We booked the Americana as a last resort due to planning our trip at short notice. This Hotel is in Mid-town which is a decent neighbourhood in manhattan making it easy to access the other parts of the city. The hotel is about 3-5 blocks from the subway depending on which subway station you choose. Also, another note worthy thing that is not mentioned anywhere is that people live in this hotel. We had no creepy or weird experiences with the residents of this building but having residents in the same building as a hotel is something worth mentioning so people booking it are at least aware.The rooms are waaaaay smaller than the Pod Hotel which is a comparative price in the same neighborhood. The room is just barely big enough to fit the double bed in the room, a tiny dresser that you couldn't use if you wanted to due to it's proximity to the bed (to close to open the drawers). There is also a closet and small sink in the room. However, there is no mirror in the room making it difficult to apply makeup, or do your hair without going into the somewhat dirty shared bathrooms. The room could not have been bigger than 75 or 80 square feet. It was very difficult for two people to sleep and get ready in this room for two days.The bathrooms were not the worst shared bathrooms i have ever seen but they were not clean. There was other peoples hair all over them. There was also nothing to dry your hands on after washing them.The linens on the bed were clean enough to sleep on without fear and we did not see or feel any bedbugs so that was a plus, i guess. There is no wifi. The man working the front desk was flat out rude. the entire time. I'm not sure if he works there constantly or lives there or something but we only saw him from the time we checked in to the time we checked out and it took some special attempts just to get him to look up at us to ask a basic question. He was sullen, rude and made absolutely no attempt to be friendly or helpful or even remotely civil. In short if you are looking for a budget friendly option in midtown choose something else this hotel sucks.	
Sep 8 2009 	disgusting ring worm	I took my boyfriend on an affordable trip to NYC for his birthday. I found the state of our room at the Americana Inn to be filthy and DISGUSTING. Upon entering our room, we were horrified to see that they did not run any type of air conditioning or ventilation, and felt our room was musty and uncomfortable. Affordable or not, we were not the slightest pleased with the cleanliness of the hotel. After our short visit, we left feeling disappointed. On our way home that same day, my boyfriend realized he had contracted some sort of rash- all over his body. Thankfully- I did not have any signs of the rash- but I had decided to wear more attire to bed than he had. Unfortunately for him, the rash was all over his body.We were disgusted and mortified at this discovery. We thought out our trip and realized with no air conditioning and a damp and warm room, mixed with poor housecleaning, he had contracted RING WORM. He is currently at the doctors, and I have already made two phone calls to the manager without any type of reassurance or compensation for our troubles. I am completely disgusted and angry at this hotel and their non hospitality. This is lawsuit material and I would discourage anyone from staying at the Americana Inn in NYC.	
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent budget option	I stayed here for three nights and was very happy with my choice. The room was basic, but comfortable and clean. The bathrooms were very clean also. The location was excellent and the staff were fine. The hotel was also very quiet.If I ever make to NYC again I will seriously consider booking again.Si, Wales, UK	
Aug 8 2009 	Great little place in the centre of Manhattan	I had extended a business trip by one night and was previously staying at The Hyatt, so it was with trepidation that I approached the Americana Inn. I buzzed the buzzer, and went up the stairs to check in. the guy at reception was very friendly and helpful.The place was like some of the better hostels you see in Europe; the room was sparse but clean. With a decent bed, air conditioning, a TV and sink. When I entered the room, it had just been cleaned so it smelled of disinfectant ... this though didn't go away the whole night (but i would rather have this than cigarette smoke or stale air!)Every floor had around 4 restrooms with showers, and these were spotless. It was also incredibly quiet, no late night door banging. The location was great, round the corner from Macys, the Empire State building and Time Square. I will definitely stay there again	
Aug 6 2009 	Good budget option	One thing you have got to give the Americana is that you will be hard pressed to find a better located hotel for the price in New York. As far as location goes, you are in the middle of Manhattan. IF you are looking for a clean, simple hotel, this is for you. The shared bathrooms are interesting concepts, each bathroom services about 4-5 rooms, that said I never had to wait to use it in the 5 nights we were here. The hotel is noisy, well the traffic noise is anyway. The rooms that face the road, some have air conditioning but most don’t, being an old building, it gets very hot at night so if you want to sleep, pack ear plugs and get the good ones. Other than that for location it is brilliant for all the New York sights you may want to see on a budget. There is a great deli diagonally across the road and the little Chinese place next door to the deli has the biggest serves of food you are likely to see. The General Tsao’s chicken is worth a visit on its own. Word from the wise, the meal is enough, not starters required, my wife seems to think the meals are big enough to share but you can make your own assessment on that, I am not a great sharer	
Aug 5 2009 	Great find for budget conscious traveler	I stayed for 8 nights--4 in a two twin bed room with my sister and 4 nights in a double bed room solo. Both rooms were small but adequate with large closet, small sink, and close to shared bathrooms. One room was on the street side, but with AC running, street noise wasn't a problem. As other reviewers have said, the staff is friendly and helpful, the location is excellent, and rates were wonderful at $87 + tax single and $100 + tax double. Rooms and bathrooms were very clean and shared bathroom was always available. Towels, linens, and pillows were fine. Supply of liquid soap and shampoo were available in room. Working TV and AC. Little refrigerator (great for storing breakfast milk, OJ, yogurt) and microwave at end of hall helped keep food expenses down. Nice Indian restaurant around the block on 39th. Three grocery/deli/food shops nearby. Beautiful Bryant Park 2 short blocks away. Easy walk to Times Square and subways. I hope to stay here again on my next trip to NYC.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great value hotel in central (midtown) New York	My partner and I researched this extensively on TripAdvisor before we left and decided on the Americana Inn. We weren't disappointed, it was great! The staff were friendly (enough) and helpful and the room was cleaned everyday to within an inch of it's life! We knew it would be noisy so we took earplugs which we think all travellers should carry and use when needed. After 3 nights (we were there for ten) we got used to the noise but still needed earplugs on most nights. We knew we were sharing a bathroom toilet (with 3 other rooms) but we never saw anyone else use it and it was always clean (the flush of the toilet is weird though). I couldn't recommend it highly enough and we do recommend it to our friends because for $110 a night it was clean, secure, nice room and bed and everything we had hoped for. If you get a chance to go to New York, GO! It is the best city in the world! If you think you can't afford it, you can! Places like the Americana Inn are affordable yet comfortable and secure.	
Jul 18 2009 	Clean good location good price/performance	If you want to see NYC and don't care much about hotel, this is good deal. Shared bathrooms are clean, so are the rooms. Terribly hot elevator, so try to get room at lower floors. In some rooms they should clean/change filters in air conditions. Great budget hotel!	
Jul 7 2009 	The room and staff were great dumpster trucks run in the morning but not on the weekends.	The staff are great as is the location. 69 W. 38th as everything is close by and or accessible. The dumpster trucks don't run on the weekends, but you can hear them during the week -am. You can crash here very easily. There is a safe at the front desk so that you can store your personals. There is a market across the street, Empire State Bldg two blocks away, Broadway a slight walk, Rockerfeller Plaza and so many other places to visit. The room is small but not tiny. It is bigger than a nice comfortable small room at the Park79. The Americana Inn is clean, close and affordable and the picture does not do it justice as it is in a good area for me. There is Internet here also - Free.	
May 26 2009 	SafeCleanWarmSmallCheap.Great for lone travellers.	I stayed at the Americana Inn in nov 2008. As a 22 year old girl travelling alone, i was so pleased to find you had to buzz to get in the front door and the room could be double locked inside.The staff were sooo friendly and very helpful. Though the weather was very cold out, it was very toasty and warm in my room! My room was very clean and bed was made every day. It wasn't facing on to the road so it was very quiet at night (except i was right by reception so could hear people coming in and out). The shared bathrooms were always spotless and i never had to wait to use one. My only niggle was slight draft in my room coming through the gap where the air con unit was set in the window, but thats it!!! (i just slept at the other end of the bed) It is a great location for a first timer to new york and really great quality and safe place to stay on a budget and i would stay there again!	
May 21 2009 	This is a lukewarm review. Stay here only because there's no other choice.	I was in town for just one day. I drove up from Annapolis, and stayed too late into the night to attempt to drive home. So, the event I attended fell somewhere around 38th street. Looked up hotels, found this one that was under $150 a night, parked my car two blocks away @ $25 for the night. I read the reviews and found that it was a bare minimum kind of hotel. You just get a small room, with shared bathroom, etc... The hotel reminded me more of a hostel, with doors and closets. I selected this hotel for the price, and because it was close to what I was in New York to do. The rooms are clean... too clean. Smelled a little like bleach. Bring ear plugs, or noise canceling head phones. The inn overlooks the intersection of 5th and 38th, and the city literally never sleeps. Very noisy. The A/C works, TV barely works. Who goes to NY to watch TV? I couldn't hear the TV over the noise from outside with the A/C on top of it. The shared bathroom isn't too appealing either, but you get what you pay for. Bring soap, and your own towel if you can. Maybe your own pillow too. Actually, you should probably stay across the street at the Marriott. About 5 blocks west, there's a Best Western. The Americana Inn is for non-fussy travelers. I was too tired and drunk to really care about my room for one night. But I was really glad to be tired and drunk because it was the only way that I could sleep in such a noisy room. Wireless internet: you'd be lucky to get it. I tagged onto a weak signal for about 20 minutes in the afternoon. There's an internet station across from the check-in desk. The lobby is on the 2nd floor, and the entrance is hidden on 38th St. Stay there if you're on a really tight budge, if there's no other choice, if you're deaf, or if someone else is paying for it. And bring your own soap and shower shoes. Enjoy.	
May 10 2009 	The bare minimum but that's OK!	I stayed at the Americana Inn during a conference. The Inn is ideally located and a great bargain. The Inn was clean. As typical for most NY Hotels, the rooms were a bit small. Nevertheless, I recommend the Americana Inn for budget travelers.	
Apr 27 2009 	Spartan But Still a Good Deal	Stayed her April 8-14, 2009. Rooms quite small (ours was 8'x13') but functional. Came with 2 twin beds, very small closet, wash basin and a window that opens. Rooms somewaht noisy but we've learned to travel with earplugs...always a lifesaver. Centrally located to all NYC tourist attractions or a short ride on the Subway. Would stay here again.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great Location - Good Price for NY but Very Small Rooms!	I stayed here with my girlfriend in early April 2009, we choose this hotel purely on price and location, the price was good for New York and the Location was great, right by Times Square, Empire State Building, and the New York Public Library. What let this place down was the room itself. The rooms are very small and all bathrooms are shared but are clean, the room was not much larger than the double bed inside, with just enough room to store your case. We felt it cramped for two people trying to get ready each morning. The room was very warm and had no climate controls of any sort. Noise from the street was average for a city that never sleeps. I would only stay here if you are on a budget or just need a hotel for a place to lay your head for the night.	
Apr 22 2009 	Fantastic location clean hotel and nice staff	I have been in the hotel for 4 days with my cousin. The location is great. The Time Square is in 2 minutes walking distance. The rooms are really clean and the staff is laid back. Manhattan is loud, but still this hotel was the best choice ever. Brilliant value for the money.	
Apr 11 2009 	Location/Price Great	Hello, solo traveller, stayed three nights at this hotel. For a in and out room hotel, for budget type, it is perfect. I will kept this adress in my notebook. Just tow things, street noise, and don't use their phone for local calls, you are charge by the time. Use the payphone in their lobby, but beside that, room under $100.00 in N.Y is great	
Apr 7 2009 	Basic but perfectly located	Place in within easy walking distance to all the major attractions. Extremely clean both the room and the shared bathrooms. Toliets had a habit of blocking (happened twice in my 5 day stay) but were very promptly fixed once housekeeping was informed. Though the person doing the blocking never seemed to think of this themselves!!!Bit noisey due to its central location but nothing that kept me up or anything. Room very basic - bed, washbasin, draws, closet. Very small but was barely in it so not really an issue. Was meant to have cable tv but I could not get a picture of anything watchable but again thats not what your there for.	
Mar 28 2009 	Great value for money!	I stayed at the Americana Inn with my sister for a week in Feb/March 2009. My sister had stayed here before so I kind of knew what to expect. Compared to the prices of other hotels in NY I found this one to be quite reasonable. I was a bit hesitant with the share bathrooms but I was quite impressed when we arrived. We were given one of the bigger twin rooms which had a great view out on to the street but we asked to move as the room was really noisy and cold. The staff were great and showed us a couple of other rooms we could choose from.Our room was cleaned every day and the bathrooms were always spotless. The location is great. Only a few blocks from Times Square, close to the subway, Masison Square Garden, Macys, Empire State etc.Would definitely stay here again!	
Feb 24 2009 	Fantastic Hotel for the price 	Just got back yesterday, first timer to NY, and I could'nt fault the hotel. Did not expect this hotel to be the Ritz, so was not disappointed in anyway. I knew what i was paying for a cheap place to keep my luggage and hopefully comfortable beds with clean safe surroundings and somewhere to clean up. I would advise anyone going to NY to use this place, its well worth it. The lobby is on the second floor, and they have to buzz you in to enter. To use the lifts first it has to stop at the lobby, at first i was a bit confused by this, but i suppose its an added security measure to stop any would be thieves, nice approach. Nicely located to 5th Ave shopping, your on 6th ie one block away, Times Square is around two blocks away, and the empire state is 4 blocks away. Grand central is a couple of blocks away blah blah blah. Basically your slap bang in the middle of where you want to be. NY exceeded all my expectations and made for an excellent trip even though in the middle of winter. I'm going back again within the year and you've guessed it, back to the Americana. It can get a little noisy of a night, but stick the telly on or wear some headphones or even ear plugs and you'll get used to it, I'm a londoner so i'm used to a little noise. Found it hard to sleep the first night but the second slept normally, home on the third.Great hotel, could'nt recommend it highly enough.	
Feb 18 2009 	Cheap and Cheerful	We stayed at the Americana recently during our first sighseeing trip to New York. We were after somewhere which was central yet didn't cost a fortune, and the Americana ticked both those boxes. The rooms are small, but are immaculately clean with comfy beds and washstands in every room. Although I was worried about sharing the bathroom facilities with other guests, I needn't have bothered, as I never had to wait for a shower or to use the loo, and once again they were lovely and clean. The only thing I could perhaps say is that our room was far too warm. When we asked the hotel staff if there was any way that they could turn down the heat they refused. However all the staff that we dealt with during our stay were polite and helpful. They even booked our shuttle bus back to the airport saving us the job. The airline lost my boyfriend's bag on our arrival in New York, but the staff at the Americana assisted us by giving us a ring when his luggage was eventually delivered. The location really cannot be beaten for the price, only 4 blocks from Times Square and a five minute walk to Fifth Avenue. Oh and the Bryant Deli over the road is fantastic! Not only can you have a hot sandwich or panini, but there is also a super salad bar which also serves hot pasta and noodles and it's open 24 hours a day. All in all the Americana has everything you need for a no frills trip to New York.	
Feb 13 2009 	Great Price - Clean Rooms	Booked our room through Air Canada. We arrived before the check in time but since our room was ready they allowed us to check in early.When we arrived the elevator was broken but was fixed by the next morning . This hotel has small VERY CLEAN rooms with shared bathrooms, bathrooms were very clean. The bathroom next to our room had a broken shower. We stayed Friday - Wednesday - The shower was broken the entire time. Many bathrooms on our floor so we used another bathroom to shower. Clean rooms, beds very comfortable. Clean, inexpensive, great location, walking distance Empire State Building, Time Square, Byant Park, Madison Square Garden. Great deli just across the street - able to get good inexpensive food and take it back to our room. TV not many channels. The rooms are small, great place to stay if you don't intend to spend much time in your room. This hotel was great for what we wanted. A clean, comfortable place to stay. If you are on a budget - this place is great.	
Jan 27 2009 	A Nice NYC bargain surprise	You see so many bad stories about bargain hotels in NYC, dirty, bed bugs, unfriendly employees....and to my surprise this is NOT one of them. Rooms are bargain sized, with only the basics, but a comfortable CLEAN bed, and wall mounted flat screen. Sink in room, and shared bath were fairly new, and above average for cleanliness. All employees that I came across were friendly and helpfull. On all three days I passed housekeeping in the hall and was greeted with a smile !!!Location is handy to all NY has to offer by train, and walking distance to Times Square. For a inexpensive get away, where you will be out and about enjoying all that is NYC....this is the place ! Enjoy a great meal or another show with the savings.	
Jan 8 2009 	Better than expected	A friend recommended this hotel to me because it was cheap...or at least cheap for NYC standards. I read some old reviews that made it look to be a dump and I read some more recent reviews that made it sound good. SO I took a gamble and went with it. I'm glad I did. When I went to my room I found it immaculate. It had a sink. A closet and a really comfy bed. The bathrooms were shared bathrooms but there were so many that I did not have to wait in line to use one and they too were immaculate. I felt great using them. They had internet access. Unfortunately I had to pay for it but it was a small inconvenience. They had liquid crystal TV which in some channels did not have good reception but I did not come to NYC to watch TV. I only cared about the weather so the one channel that mattered in that respect was clear. There was a time when the internet didn't work properly and the shower shut off momentarily and the card to open the door didn't work but the 24 hour staff was on hand to solve the problems that arose. I loved that it was so central to everything. Unless I had to go really far for something I usually walked to where I wanted to go. I would definitely use this hotel again. Loved it.	
Jan 8 2009	Convenient but way too much air freshener.	Great location! The Americana Inn was walking distance to most everything we wanted to do and see. There is also easy access to bus routes and subways if you decide to venture farther out.The room was small, but we expected that. The bad part was being on the 5th floor where it was very evident that someone had been regularly smoking on the floor, and that housekeeping was using spray air freshener to cover it up. I am very sensitive to those sprays and it was so bad that I asked to be changed to a different floor. I was told that it was not possible that night and they would move us the next day. Note: They indicated that smoking was not allowed, to which I responded, &quot;you may know that and I may know that, but someone has been smoking, and the awful spray is not the fix&quot;. I would have rather put up with the smoke smell. They had no suggestions or remedys to my inability to breath without covering my nose. I slept breathing through a wet cloth most of the 1st night. The next day, we inquired about our move to a new room and we were told that the night person had no business promising us a new room and there was no other room to move us to for the rest of the week. Again there was no suggestions on what I could do other than tell the housekeeping not to use the spray air freshener in our room.We looked into a few hotels in the near vicinity, but one night in those hotels would have been as much as our entire stay at the Americana, and at the time we were not prepared to pay that much. I ended up going to a Starbucks, buying a lb. of freshly ground coffee and a couple of their large filters. Back in the room, I spread a large amount of coffee grounds over a flattened filter and that actually helped cover up the artificial spray. Each day I put out a new filter with new grounds. At least I was able to sleep without covering my nose.I waited to post this review just to give me space not to emotionally rant. I am generally not a hard person to please, I expect that not everything is going to be perfect every time, but I felt that my stay was greatly downgraded by the intolerable smell and lack of remedy by the staff. Thank God for my mother teaching me about coffee grounds being a good deordorizer!	
Dec 23 2008 	Great location great price	A former New Yorker of 30 years, I returned to the city for a weekend and stayed at The Americana with my husband in order to attend a few social events. The location is great for anyone who wants to shop/do the typical touristy things (empire state building/broadway/msg) etc. The rooms were well heated, well lighted and well cleaned. The decor is simple, yet appealing. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Clean towels, bedding with extra pillows and a few simple toiletry items were provided. There is a night stand, bureau, closet and sink in each room. Each floor has 4 bathrooms with tub/shower. Nobody was ever in the bathroom when I needed it. There is also a simple kitchen w/ refrigerator, microwave and counter. I almost feel like I should keep this &quot;secret&quot; to myself so that the Americana is available when I return to Manhattan for a place to rest my head. I would ask for a room away from the elevator and not facing 6th avenue if you are a light sleeper. The security is great as there is a camera and they buzz you inside both doors. There are cameras on each floor and in the elevator. You can't beat the price. The photos that they display on their website are accurate. Also, there are 2 great pubs (Irish &amp; Australian) across the street and Bryant Market (on the corner) makes a great egg sandwich for breakfast. The hotel does have a vending machine and brochures/maps etc.	
Dec 23 2008 	Loved the Americana Inn fantastic location - better than expected!	Had a fantastic time in New York staying the the Americana Inn. First time to USA and wanted to have a hotel in a great location without payiing the Earth. We were extreamly pleased with The Americana Inn, the location cannot be beat for the price - 5 mins walk south to Macys, 5 min walk to 5th Ave &amp; about 7 min walk to Times Square.Looks like the whole hotel has been re-painted recently, and evrywhere was very clean. The reception is 24hours &amp; there is a elevator. In each room has either a double or 2 twin beds, large sink with mirror, TV, phone &amp; closet. It has maid cleaning service everyday. The rooms are not ensuite but there are 5 bathrooms on each floor between approx 16 rooms. There would always be a bathroom available at all times &amp; always warm &amp; clean. So don't worry about 'padding' down the corridor (maybe only a couple of meters) in the middle of the night! There is also a kitchenette on each floor which is very handy for cold drinks &amp; leftover take-away!There is a PC in the reception for internet &amp; it's only $1 per 10 mins. All the staff very very helpful whenever you needed them.I would recommend this hotel to couples mainly &amp; independent travellers who don't want to waste money on unnessasary hotel costs.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great location	My stay at Americana Inn dated back to Oct 2003 (the dropdown menu of the year of stay provided only options of up to 2005).First off, the location was great and the recep was friendly. The room i was given was very small but cosy. There was a sink in my single room and the shared bathroom was just right next door. It's pretty clean and well-kept but there were some guests who tended to leave their towels on the bathroom floor after they're done using them.Pity my room did not come with any view except that of the other parts of the building since mine wasn't a street-facing room. There were large trash bins situated along the common corridor where everyone could dispose of their food and junk. This is really convenient for everyone but i definitely did not fancy the occasional visits from the teenie-tinnie nymphs (baby roaches) which came running into my room.	
Dec 11 2008	Excellent time	We have just returned from a 6 day stay at the Americana Inn. It is placed in an excellent location with Bryant Park nearby with the Christmas stalls and the free to use ice rink. Times Square is just nearby not to mention the convenient location to Maceys and Empire State Building. I would definately stay there again without any hesitation.	
Dec 9 2008 	Love it 	Hi My boyfriend and I have just returned after three nights stay at the Americana. Having never been to New York before we decided that we would choose a very central location and didn't mind not having a bathroom in our room as it was only a short stay. On arriving at the americana our first impressions were that it was very clean but also you could tell it was budget. There is no fancy entrance hallway you walk in and take the lift up to the lobby on the first floor. (Only one lift so you might have to wait). The reception staff were friendly but not much conversation. After checking in we went to our room on the third floor 301. The bathroom was two doors down from our room so very convenient. Take flip flops for bathroom visits as the bathrooms are very clean the floor is tiled so if someone has taken a shower before you go in you might get wet feet. Our room was key card so felt secure and we were given two key cards. The room itself was tiny (we expected this) Double bed, chest of drawers and sink. Small wardrobe. Hardly any room for our two cases. The room was very clean but really noisey. Getting to sleep at night was hard with all the beeping cars. The garbage truck came every morning about 5am and felt like it was in the room with you. The room was a good temp but during the early hours it did get cold due to the lack of double glazing. I would recommend for a single night stay. Location is excellent and you can walk to all the main sights times square, rockefeller, macys &amp; empire state building. Mac Dees is about 1 block away.	
Dec 6 2008 	Pretty much what we expected	We booked a double bedroom and it was small. The room smelt like a cheap brand of air freshener which was so strong it stung our noses. The tv had horrible reception and it was so noisy we had to buy ear plugs. The only good thing was the location because there was a bus stop right outside. The staff was friendly and helpful. Overall it was what we expected for a one star hotel.	
Nov 24 2008 	Excellent value and location	I was very surprised about how good the location of this hotel is. On the corner 38th St and 6th Ave, Times Sq starts at 40th St so it's only2 blocks away about 6-7 minutes walking. I had room 1st floor towards the back of the hotel so there wasn't a view apart from concrete but later found this to be better as was quieter and had no problem getting to sleep.The room was reasonably clean just a few hairs lying on the floor but nothing else. Could have done with a mirror in the room, There was a TV, air con (bit noisy though) a sink and double bed, to be honest there was no room for anything else but if your staying here for the NY sights then your not going to bed spening a lot of time in the hotel.Shared bathroom was reasonably clean again just the hairs ng around the bath was the only offputting thing, large bathroom with good powerful shower, mirror , sink and toilet. Had no problem getting one at any time as there is 4 per floor and 10 rooms per floor.The reception was helpful and kind, there is also internet access for $1 for 10 minutes and a 'Coca-cola' machine.Summary - good basic but clean hotel (more like inn or motel) and I probably wouldn't stay here if I had lots of money but I dont,so it turned out to be an excellent choice.	
Nov 10 2008 	Americana Inn Good on a budget	The Americana Inn is in a good location and a good price for those who want to see the city. If you want to hang out in the Hotel, it isn't for you. My daughter and I went for her 16th birthday and I didn't want to pay too much for a hotel room we would just be sleeping in. This was perfect for us. It was clean, the staff was friendly, and we felt safe. The only concern we had when booking was the shared bathrooms, but as the others said, there wasn't any problem. The bathroom was clean and we only had to wait about a minute one time to use it. It was also very close to the room and had a lock on the door. We would stay there again.	
Nov 7 2008 	Great Budget Hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights at start of November. Couldnt fault the place. Arrived at 1245pm, check in not until 2pm. They let us get into our room straight away. On arrival in room, the window was jammed open at top and bottom. Told reception and problem was fixed within half an hour, despite needing 2 visits. Location is fabulous, right in the middle of all the sights. Never had a problem with the shared bathroom, there is roughly one bathroom per four bedrooms. The bag store was a great help on the last day as we had a late flight and could still go and visit the shops of Fifth Avenue one last time. Would definitely recommend this hotel (inn) to anyone on a budget. From JFK use the Airtrain and LIRR to get to Penn Station, only a short walk from there. Only $10 each so much cheaper than taxi and shuttles.	
Oct 28 2008 	Excellent Location! Great Price!! Walk Everywhere!!!	I was quite pleased with my stay at the Americana Inn. Thanks to all the info I got from reading reviews. The location was excellent so I basically walked to all the major attrantions in Manhattan. The three guys I met at the front desk at different times were fabulous. Excellent customer service!The rooms and bathrooms were very clean. No rats, no roaches. The only downside for me was the fact that there was no free internet in the rooms. Had to pay $1 for 10mins in a computer that eats cash. (basically, you feed the dollar in a slot and you get 10mins of airtime). Never seen that before ;-DGreat selection of restaurants around. My favourite was a Deli, (right across the street -6th Ave) where I could mix and match just anything: food and salad all in one plate and cost about $5/lb.I thought the price was a smashing deal for the location. I could have gotten it cheaper anyway (paid $208 tax-inclusive through a hotel agent). Confirmed at the desk before I left that current prcice stands at $175 tax-inclusive.Overall, a great deal, given prevailing financial crises.Tip - If you've got quite some luggage and need to go to the airport , book SuperShuttle a night before. Will cost $25 to JFK while regular taxi (booked from the hotel) will cost $70	
Oct 23 2008 	some good some bad	I'll begin with the positive aspects. the location is great - it is only 5 blocks from the empire state building, and within 8 blocks you are in time square. the hotel itself is very clean, as soon as you walk in you can tell that, especially as it has recently been updated. all of that makes it a great hotel. however, it is very noisy. i know that new york is a busy city, but this hotel does not have double glazed windows - every night we checked that the windows were closed and every night you would think that they were wide open. after a busy day you need a good night's sleep and, even though the beds are comfortable, you do not get this. i also found that the staff were not particularly friendly. leading up to our stay here, we had stayed in 5 other hotels and all were much more welcoming. for many this may have little bearing on the hotel itself but for me the first impression i get of the hotel is the staff and they did not make a good one. but i cannot fault the location and cleanliness.	
Oct 21 2008	Simple and clean	The location is really great... A short walk to Times Square, Macy's, Bryant Park.. and there are plenty of cafes nearby!The room is pretty basic and the bathroom is very clean. The most important is that it's bright and airy.. no creepy sense at all.	
Sep 29 2008	Great value and location	When I stayed at this hotel I was a student and didn't have means to stay in a more expensive hotel hence this one was ideal.I found this hotel to be very good value. Its location was good, with a short walk to Times Square, 5th Avenue shops, Macy's, near the subway etc. The hotel did not provide breakfast, but there are good deli's and coffee shops near by.The rooms had shared bathrooms, but I had no problems getting hot water whatever time of day and the bathrooms and bedrooms were clean and in good conditionFor when I was in the hotel room, it was a single room, which was a little small. But the air con worked and the TV had plenty of stations.No issues with excess noise and the staff were very friendly and helpful.If you want luxury or are honeymooning, this may not be the place for you. However, if you are on a budget it is ideal.It did its job well and if money was an issue I would not hesitate in staying there again.	
Sep 21 2008 	All or nothing in NY	It seems to me in NY you either pay $500 per night or you end up in a hostel/half way house - the latter of which the Americana Inn falls into. Ok, it is slightly nicer than a hostel but the Americana still has the 'long term residents' that you find in a YMCA.The fantastic location of the Americana is undeniable - it has been noted in other reviews - Central Park, Empire State, Rockefeller, 5th Ave, Times Sq, etc all in short walking distance and subway options to downtown if required.The room - the bed was hard, the shared bathrooms clean but stunk of stale BO. The real problem is the noise - I live in Central London so am used to city-living - but the problem is inadequate glazing and the fact the AC has been cut into the window frame leaving gaps at the side of the plywood. We had the AC on at night on loud and this went someway to drowning out the 'city that never sleeps'....but not quite.We did notice however, on leaving, that some rooms appear to overlook the back of the building rather than 6th ave - I would strongly suggest asking for one of these unless the 'lifers' have them on long term lease.....In summary, for a couple of nights the AI is ok, but try your best to get a quieter room, esp. if you are there over a weekend, or take earplugs. Don't expect much except a great location.Tips:Breakfast - Pax food, go north on ave americas, its on the right after 1/2 blocks. c$8-10 per head. Further up a bar/rest. on same side, c$20 per head.Do Rockefeller Center as well as/instead of Empire State - for me, a much better view from here. Staten Island ferry via Statue of Liberty is free and provides great views.	
Sep 14 2008 	Great GREAT GREAT LOCATION	Great location, good price (I paied about 160 US$ daily) and 3 blocks for Time Square, 2 Blocks to Briant Park, 10 steps to 5th Av., 2 blocks to Broadway.....The shared baths are very clean and the rooms are very good, with LCD Tv and ar conditioner. Great experience and a good price.	
Aug 18 2008	What are you thinking?	This place is soooo overpriced. We stayed at another hotel that was closer to Times Square, bigger, with far more amenities and cheaper. However, on the last night of our trip that hotel was booked and the Americana was the only inn with a room. Yes, it was reasonably clean. But it was also incredibly small and noisy. I could hear people all night--until 3 and 4 a.m. --as the doors to nearby rooms slammed shut. True, our room had a flat screen tv. But the floors were linoleum, the towels were worn, and there wasn't even a mirror or piece of artwork in the room. The Americana takes spartan to a whole new level.	
Jul 25 2008	Great Place on a Buget.	I visited NYC on my own and wanted to stay somewhere cheap but clean and safe.The Americana Inn certainly filled the bill.It is right on 6th Avenue, which can be noisy at night, but makes for a great central location to stay.There are shared bathrooms on each floor,with roughly three rooms per bathroom but there was never any problem finding an empty one when I was there.The rooms were big enough for a bed, sink, wardrobe and wall mounted t.v.They were very clean with all the towels and complimentary soap etc you would expect in any good hotel.The bathrooms were also clean.There was even a kitchenette to use if you need to cook.All in all an excellent place to stay for $100 a night.pro's:clean, safe, cheap, excellent location, friendly staffcon's:on noisy street,rooms not large but if you just want to sleep there more than adequate.Tips.if arriving at JFK use the Air Train to get to Jamaca and then use the Long Island Railroad (LIRR) into Penn Station, which is a 10 minute walk from the hotel.I was in my room within and hour of clearing customs for $12!if you are phoning abroad use a phonecard.My cell phone was costing me £1 a minute to call the UK but you could talk for an hour for $5 with a card.You just have to walk the Brooklyn Bridge, turn right and back on yourself and have a pizza at Grimaldi's.	
Jul 20 2008	Great Budget Hotel	Got a last-minute room at the Americana for a recent trip to New York. I was concerned about the shared bathrooms due to negative experiences I had with shared facilities in London, but Americana is extremely clean and there was never a wait. The rooms don't have refrigerators, but are also clean, with flat-screen tv's and a sink. Also, the locations is excellent for tourists -- right in Midtown, near the subway, the Empire State Building and Times Square.	
Jul 15 2008 	Awesome location though get earplugs	The location of this hotel is AWESOME! It is so close to Times Square, Rockefeller Centre, FIFTH AVENUE for shopping, and really close to the subway to get down Manhattan to Statue of Liberty etc. My room had a window and I definitely recommend buying ear plugs as the traffic is very loud and all night. But the rooms are a good size and clean and the price is very reasonable.	
Jul 12 2008 	Americana Inn is "barebones " in a great location	The hotel is in a great location and central to the library, short walk to Herald Square, and Time Square. We were able to access shops, restaurants, a great park without having to walk far. The staff was friendly and tried their best to assist you with any questions. However, I did request extra pillows for my stay and had to request several times before I was able to get them. The first night,we were on the second floor, not a good location, too much traffic and noise. Rooms are small and &quot;barebones&quot; in terms of accomodations. Some rooms lack sinks and lamps for reading. I would rate the hotel as one step above a youth hostel. It is okay for a short stay 3 or less nights. We stayed a total of 8 nights. Next time we visit NYC we would probably stay at another hotel with better amenties ,however, this place is okay for a short stay if you are on a tight budget.	
Jun 24 2008 	Ideal Location	This hotel is an ideal location when staying in New York. One block from 5th Ave, one block from Times Square, 5-10 mins walk to Central Park, Empire State Building and 30 seconds from Macy's!Staff were friendly, hotel was clean and the a/c system was excellent considering the extreme heat in NYC!Bathrooms are shared but they are clean, and there is a sink and wash area in the rooms. We had 2 single beds which suited us but I'd check when booking to see if they have double rooms.Our room cost £100 per night which was the cheapest we could find in such an amazing location without resorting to a hostel! Definitely recommend this place and would stay there again!	
Jun 13 2008 	A Pleasant Experience	This hotel is definitely a deal. We stayed four nights and had no problem with the hotel. The bed was quite comfortable and there was more than three channels on the tv. It had an AC which is totally a must during summer. Sharing bathrooms wasn't a problem. The one time I needed it and there was someone in it, I just took a stroll down the floor and found one that was unoccupied. Sometimes you can hear outside noise, but you're in New York City, you're going to hear noise anywhere you go. The noise is just an occassional honk or door slam, not anything that will keep you awake. I would recommend! I would stay here again. Staff was helpful. Empire state building was close, and so was the subway, about four blocks.However, i do not recommend taking the car service that the hotel provides to take you to the airport. The hotel quoted me one price, but once I got to the airport, the driver wanted more money. Needless to say there was a dispute about this and the driver was left disappointed. It probably would be easier and cheaper to take a taxi, plus on taxi you can pay with credit card. The car service only wanted cash which seemed a little fishy to me. So skip this.	
Jun 11 2008	TOP SPOT	Great location! Room was comfortable but small, but we were hardly in it except to sleep! Share bathroom was always clean and never had to wait! Would stay here again!	
May 29 2008 	Wonderful Experience	Our stay was for only 1 night but were very pleased with our experience. The room was small but very clean, it had a sink and a small flat panel TV. We thought the shared bathrooms was going to be a problem, however they were very clean and the room is yours once your in there. Plus there was about 1 bathroom for every 3 rooms, we didn't have any problems with waiting on other guests. In fact the only time we ran into other guests was in the lobby. The staff was very friendly, the night we stayed it was raining and the man at the front desk loaned us an umbrella.	
May 28 2008 	Excellent value for money!!!	My husband and I spent 2 weeks at the Americana Inn in April/May 2006.We actually chose it because of its central location: near the main attractions, 5th avenue, Empire State Building and Time Square.We had a great stay there: even though the room was very small, it was very clean, and comfortable. We had a double room with a sink, a wardrobe, a chest and a large window. Obviously it's NYC and it's sometimes a bit noisy but it's ok.We had to share the bathrooms and they were very clean (even late at night) and always available.The staff was extremely helpful and nice to us! I do recommend it to anybody willing to spend a good time visiting NYC without spending all their budget in accomodation.	
May 20 2008 	Great location great	Although not very close to a subway stop, the general location of the Americana Inn can't be beat, just around the corner from the major retailers on 5th Avenue.It's a very basic hotel, more like a rooming house since the bathrooms are mostly shared. However, the single room I was in had a large window, new sink, TV, closet and phone (very rare at this price in NYC).The bed was a bit on the soft side but I didn't experience any of the noise problems reported by other travelers.The key card was a bit finicky at first but I finally got it to open.Bathrooms were large and clean but remember to bring your shower slippers! Also, there are lots of tourist materials in the lobby so pick some up while you're checking in or heading out.	
May 7 2008 	not too bad but spend a few bucks more	just came back yesterday from the americana and as the previous reviews have said the hotel is in a great spot.Having said that there are too many downsides to the hotel for me personally.Firstly really really noisy, impossible to sleep without earplugs, not just the traffic but the walls of the rooms of the hotel are so thin you can hear everyone coming and going, The beds are so noisy i even heard people in the other rooms turning over in bed!The shared bathrooms even though they were fairly clean most of the time were a real pain, the bathrooms were busy and we ended up walking around the corridor trying to find one that wasnt being used. The bathrooms were cold and damp and the bathroom plugs didnt work it was a shower or nothing.The rooms are very basic and not much room inside you end up with stuff all over the floor not much space to store anything, The tv was useless about 3 channels that actually worked no movie channels or anythingoverall I can understand why people are getting carried away with the location it is handy but really even though it is cheaper than most hotels its worth spending the money and going somewhere that has better amenities and is more comfortable	
Apr 30 2008 	Perfect!	Well...My friend and I spent HOURS trying to find a cheap hotel online but all we could seem to find was hostels. Every single hostel had bad reviews. So we were ademate that we were going to find a cheap hotel with a good review on here(trip advisor)...NOT an easy task!Somehow, after about a week of searching the net for 2 hours a night(SERIOUSLY!) we came across a deal which was very reasonable...10 days at the Americana Inn including flight.So...we checked in on April 18th. My friend and I booked like within 10 minutes of eachother but somehow he got the short straw, I had a sink..he didn't. I had a mirror...he didn't. So I guess theres no telling if you room will have those or not...but in all fair it doens't matter. The only thing that worried us about the hotel was sharing bathrooms. luckily it was a waist of time worrying about it cause we soon realised the bathrooms were immaculate, VERY clean! Theres about 3 on every floor to so your never waiting to use the bathroom which was really my main concern.The staff were very friendly, very helpful...i HIGHLY recommend this place to the budget-minded traveller. I havn't even touched on the location! Perfect! Right in the middle of manhatten...walking distance from Times Square!NYC was amazing!P.SIf you want to go clubbing...it's all about the Lower Eastside	
Apr 30 2008 	A Diamond in the ROUGH	We walked into the first floor lobby to be greeted by a lovely man behind the counter. He told us everything we needed to know for our 3 day stay at this spectacular establishment. We then went to our 3rd floor room and were astonished to find a sink and very high ceilings and the fabulous flat screen T.V. Our first reaction was &quot;LOVES IT&quot; and let me tell you, it was the right first reaction. The large walk-in closet didnt hurt our stay. The multiple bathrooms we had our choice of were spic-and-span. The other guests (and permanent residents), while interesting, were a delightful addition. We were able to access all of the major sights in the area and we were surrounded by cute shops. If we were to be asked if we would stay with this hotel again we would say &quot;Yes, Yes, Yes, absolutely!!!!!!!!!!&quot;	
Apr 29 2008	Great for young singles	I was looking for a single room in NYC, which wasn't an easy task: most hotels charged a double price for a regular room, with only a few who offer single ones. Americana Inn was an amazing find: the location is wonderful (5 minutes walk from Times Square), the room was clean and there were enough bathrooms around - all very clean and spacious.I paid 130$ for one night - it's a real bargain if you can't stand dorms and prefer some privacy, without spending lots of money. Go there and have a great NYC vacation. Oh, and ask for a low level - the elevator is terribly slow.	
Apr 28 2008 	We loved the Americana Inn Hotel in New York	We just got home from NYC, and we were really lucky for finding the Americana Inn Hotel for our stay. It's a low budget hotel located few blocks from Times Square and several other atractions. We stayed at a small double bed room, with shared bathroom and we were very concerned about that. But when we got there, we found out we didn't need to.The hotel is very clean, the house keepers work all day long. There is a restroom for each 2 rooms, so the restroom was always available (just like 3 bathrooms for each floor). The restroom was always very clean, and the shower is great. The bed room was very clean too, and there's a sink and an lcd tv on it. The bed was very confortable and sheets were new and very clean too. The hotel seems to care a lot about security, we felt really safe in there. I just don't recommend you to stay there during the summer time, because the bed room doesn't have airconditioning, but there's heating for the winter time. Employees were very kind and nice to us, helping in anything we needed. So I recommend you for sure to stay there, and to have a great time in NYC as we had.	
Apr 27 2008 	not the waldorf but reasonable for the location	Stayed at the from 4/24/8-4/26/8. reserved 1 double bed room from approx $160 from expedia for the two days. The location of this hotel is excellent located a few blocks away from broadway, subways, empire, etc, and is the primary reason I stayed here. There are 5 floors in the building and the lobby is located on the 2nd. To enter the building you have to buzz the front door and the front desk will let you in. There is a public computer with internet access for guess to use, and shared kitchens and several bathrooms on each floor. In addition the front desk service was very friendly and accomodating. For those of you squemish about using public bathrooms the bathrooms here were kept fairly decent, except for the first day in which the toilet needed a bit of a cleaning. TIP: if you plan on using the shower make sure you bring some slippers. We stayed in room 516. The room was decent, nothing out of the ordinary. Room consisted of 1 double bed, and lcd tv, a desk upon which a basket full of towels, soap etc was placed. However we did not have a sink which you can see clearly on the pictures advertised on their website. TIP: If you want a sink make sure you request one, also there are NO safety deposit boxes in the rooms. PROS: We were out of the hotel for most of the day but when we did return, our rooms were cleaned and we were given fresh towels. CONS: The walls of the room are not that thick and you might be able to hear your neighbours next door or vice a versa. Another thing to point out is that there is NO central air as the hotel was quite warm but there IS a noisy air conditioning unit located right behind the bed, making sleeping with the A/C on absolutely unbearable.OVERALL: For the price and the location I would recommend this place. If you are used to all the creature comforts stick to a holiday inn.	
Apr 19 2008 	Great Value	I stayed at this hotel for 7 nights and had no problems during my stay. It is in a great location, a quick stroll to Times square, Macys, Rockefeller Centre, 5th Ave etc. The room was always clean when I returned in the afternoon. The bathroom was right next door, I never had to wait and it was always clean. The front desk staff were very helpful with queries on how to get to tourist attractions. The only complaint was that although the bed was comfortable it did make a lot of noise when I sat on it or rolled over. I think for the price, I paid about $150 a night it was great value in New York. I would stay here again.	
Apr 16 2008 	Many problems	The only reason tho choose this hotell is location which is perfect. We booked early and paid almost 150$ /night and stayed for four nights. The booking was made through hotells.com.The service and quality is redicolous. The cleaning lady never managed to get the number of towels right. Three days in a row we hade to ask for more towels and the excuse every time was that the cleaning lady was out of them on her cart and when she collected more she forgot. We made serveral complains but nothing happend.The last two nights they cut the water because they hade a flooding on the third floor. That is maybe an emergency situation but they could have the curtesy to inform their guests of this situatuion.If you ar there skip the airport shuttle that the hotell can book for you. He was late and drove like he had stolen the car. On top of that it was expensive. Take the airtrain from Penn-station if you ar going to Newark.So final conclusion skip this hotell if you ar going to New York. Cheap yes but it is not worth it. Nothing works and when you tell the staff about it nothing improves.	
Apr 1 2008 	More like a hostel	I just returned from a three-night stay at the Americana hotel and I would give this hotel an average rating. The point here is that you really get what you pay for, and we booked this hotel for $90/night and in Manhattan, so close to everything, this was a steal. The location absolutely cannot be beat. We ate at three different little diners in the area (Starwich, PAX and Jimmy's Cafe) and were very pleased with the location near the Subway, 5th Ave shopping, and Times Square.But...After requesting a quiet room through our online reservation, a separate email and a phone call to confirm, we were assigned to an on-street room. After barely being able to sleep the first night from all of the street noise, we inspected our window and realized that it had a gap in the top pane. So, after properly closing the window, the noise was reduced, which goes to show the quality of the hotel.Also, the electronic key lock did not work. My boyfriend and I were in Room 204, right next to the &quot;lobby&quot; so the desk attendant had to basically open our door for us with his key every-time we came in and out of the room. They did have someone come to fix it promptly the next morning, but it was on the fritz on and off our whole stay which was slightly annoying.There was only one night that our linens were free of stains or new looking. I would bring several of your own towels, because you only get two towels a day that are no larger than a regular hand towel. And bring shower shoes and slippers because the floor is linoleum.If you are looking for a glamourous, comfy, fancy trip to New York, do not stay here. My dorm in college was cleaner and nicer than the Americana. I wondered what kind of gross thing I would find every time I went to the shared bathrooms (and it was gross, people leaving the seat up, pee (and worse) on the seat, hair all in the shower, etc...gross!!!) All I can say is at least there were no bugs! I was expecting better because the previous reviews on TripAdvisor made it sound like there was a maid there all day cleaning-- there was not!This was not a place that I really looked forward to returning to everyday after being on my feet all day long in New York City, standing in lines for everything.I will say that the new paint job in the rooms, the LCD flat screen TV and new sink, mirror and lighting fixture were a nice touch. I just wish that the rest of the hotel looked this new.Now, my boyfriend who is used to staying in budget hotels &amp; hostels in Europe, etc.. couldn't have been happier with this hotel and gave it shining, rave reviews, and says that he would not hesitate to stay here again. For someone who is used to staying in hotels like the Westin, etc... you honestly will be grossed-out.	
Apr 1 2008 	Just what we needed	I was pretty worried with it being a 1* hotel, but was encouraged by good reviews on Trip Advisor site. And I am really pleased that we chose Americana Inn.It is so hard to find a hotel in New York for less than £100 a night! I found that the only way is to go for rooms that are not ensuite, like those at Americana Inn. This can literally half the price - and considering that the bathroom was actually just next door to our room, and it was big, clean and always free then it is really worth it! The room had everything else that you'd expect in a swankier place - sink, mirror, TV, towels, drawers, cupboard, air-con, etc.So although the place looks pretty grotty on arrival, with a sparse lobby on second floor and lino rather than carpets, it has everything you need. And who's hanging around their hotel anyway when they're in New York!? I even think our room was a better size than more expensive places... oh, and there was a kitchen on our floor with fridge, microwave, etc.And the location was fab - just a couple of blocks from the Empire State Building, so in the middle of midtown Manhattan. A nice area and great to get around to everywhere else...I would definitely come back to Americana Inn - perfect for the bit-more-than-just-budget traveller.Oh, and by the way - shopping tip: Bloomingdales, Macy's etc. have 'visitors discounts' where you can get 11% off if you are foreign. Make sure you go to the visitors centre to pick up your card.	
Mar 31 2008 	Loved this hotel!	I booked this hotel via their website, and had a last minute change, which they very happily accomodated. We stayed from March 28-March 30. The interior is very basic, but very clean. The bathrooms were always spotless, even though I never saw anyone cleaning them. Even with a shared bathroom, we stayed in room 512, and the bathroom was right next door to us, as we were at the end of the hall. Our 2nd morning there, I glimpsed a woman walking by my door from the bathroom, and that was it. The desk staff were all very friendly, even sustaining a weekend long joke about my daughter's blanket that they found after the luggage room had been emptied by guests. The area was safe, and central. We had a wonderful time, and will definitely stay there again.	
Mar 24 2008 	I really like the Americana!	This was the second time I'd stayed in the Americana. Five star luxury it certainly isn't but it's clean, comfortable with friendly staff.The rooms are basic and aren't en suite but you know that from when you book. The linen and towels are changed daily. Since we stayed 3 years ago the rooms had been painted and there was a brand new flat screen TV on the wall of our room, so I assume there is in every room. Admittedly the rooms are noisy from traffic noise but that's the price you pay for being so central in Manhattan (junction of 6th Avenue and 38th Street). You're 5-10 minutes walk from Macy's, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, Grand Central Station, Times Square, Rockefeller Centre, Fifth Avenue and numerous subway stations. I suspect any other hotel that central would be much more expensive. It's handy to be so central when you're in NY. You're on your feet so much it's helpful to be able to pop back to your room to drop off shopping, have an hour's lie down etc.I would certainly return to the Americana.	
Mar 16 2008 	Great location 	We stayed at this hotel after reading reviews on Tripadvisor.com. The best thing is the great location - everything was within walking distance - Times Sqaure, Rockefeller Center, Public Library, Macy's, subway, Empire State Building. The hotel was very clean - the room and the shared bathroom. I was expecting a dirty bathroom but everything was newly renovated and was sparkling clean. Loved the modern brand new sinks, lights &amp; flat TV screens on the wall. Kitchen with a microwave and a fridge on the 5th floor was very handy as well. The only disadvantage was the noisy elevator which our room was next to and the noisy guests returning late night after midnight or leaving early in the morning. The first night (Sat) was very rough and we kept waking up - by the elevator or the guests slamming doors, Sunday night was not as noisy. I would recommend and stay at this hotel again for its great location. Can't beat that!Sarah	
Mar 15 2008 	perfect place for a budget stay	We have booked our room online in Americana Inn. It was our first visit to New York so we have really relied upon the comments on Trip Advisor and they proved to be true :) It's a lovely location in the centre of Manhattan, 10 minutes to the 5th Avenue, the Empire State and Times Square. Though we were two people sharing the room, it was quite comfortable. The most amazing thing about the hotel is cleanliness! Cleaning staff are always around the building and they keep the bathrooms meticulously clean. Though we shared the bathroom with two other rooms, it was as if it only belonged to us. The hotel staff in general were very friendly and always ready to help. They keep an eye on all visitors and keep the hotel pretty safe. Don't think twice go stay there, I will the next time I visit NY.	
Mar 13 2008	BEDBUGS in hotel room do not stay here	After a stay of 3 days, I woke up with extensive bedbug bites all over my body. The hotel staff at first denied anything was wrong, and moved my belongings without notifying me where they were. In fact, the desk clerk told me &quot;my room was being worked on&quot; but not why. I found my mattress out on the sidewalk for the garbage. After an argument with the manager, I was given a refund for my stay. I CANNOT recommend this hotel.	
Mar 4 2008 	Perfect	We were on a budget for the week and found this place at the last minute.They gave us a great room over looking 6th Avenue and the place was really friendly and very clean.I loved staying there and will go back again. I will recommend it to all friends.It's not luxury, but you're not paying a lot so great value.If you're on a budget-stay here	
Feb 29 2008 	perfect location clean comfy beds friendly staff clean bathrooms	We were 2 women staying in a twin room with a shared bath ( with 2 other rooms), perfect location near Times Square, never had to wait for the bathroom and I swear they were cleaned before each time we used them, the desk clerks were so friendly and gave us great directions.. I will stay here again.. the price and location was perfect for anyone on a budget.	
Feb 29 2008 	Loved the location	When we were picking hotels to stay in we were litterally picking from about 4 in our price range this one had the best reviews out of them, &amp; also very good value, only thing was the sharing bathroom.. which wasnt a problem we were in room 504 &amp; theres 5 bathrooms on each floor and we never had any problem getting in to either of the 2 bathrooms nearest our room never queed and the hotel was fully booked when we were there &amp; the bathrooms were littarally every couple of rooms!&amp; while we were there they put an extra light in the room to go above a sink we assummed as there wasnt yet one in our room &amp; the room had been quite newly painted, &amp; had walk in wardrobe, a few people on here were complaining about space in the rooms i thought ours was quite big for a twin room i've stayed in smaller, plenty of space to move around &amp; it had a new lcd tv on the wall so mayb there used to be tv unit in some rooms or something~?they supply you with a towel and bath mat to use &amp; soap conditioner and shampoo (we had 2 towels as it was a twin &amp; a bathmat) &amp; all of this was replaced daily. walk in wardrobe was quite big we had 1 large suitcase lied down in it and one stood up and there was still room to walk into it and theres a shelf in there which i put the shopping on, &amp; about 6 hangers. Coke machine in lobby $1 for a can, internet $1 for 10 min. &amp; phone in lobby &amp; tourist info leaflets take your time to go thru these as some have shop discounts on!! ( i thought i'd include this info as it would have been helpful to us)staff were very helpful and would change money for us if we had no $1 left.this hotel is so close to everything we were looking at ones further out and i am so glad that we picked this one as its close to everything! 1 min walk to macys 2 min to empire state, its good because after morning of shopping you can drop your shopping off!! one thing shops dont seem to open till 10am over there so be warned we went off at 8am and only food places were open theres a maccy d's 2 blocks down and the pizza place next to it do amazing pizzas.sorry about the randomness of the review just wanted to include everything as theres alot that i wish i new before i went, i suggest booking a car at the hotel to get back to the airport we did this on the way back very resonable and much comfier than the blue mini bus! if any one has any other questions feel free to contact me.. i;ve added my photos of the room didnt take any of the bathrooms but they are like the ones on here but now they have shower curtains rather than screens.	
Feb 19 2008 	Brilliant Budget Hotel	The Americanna exceeded my expectations. The walls and doors were freshly painted, the in-room sinks were new. Walk in wardrobe was spacious (only had a few coat hangers though) The bathrooms were immaculate and always available. No queues at all even in the morning. I barely saw any other guests. A great centrally located BUDGET hotel. Plenty of good places to get breakfast and coffee. Handy drinks machine in the lobby too. Very reasonable. Excellent cleaners as the place was immaculate. Would stay here again.	
Jan 28 2008 	After a reservation snafu a decent stay	Things definitely didn't get off on the right foot when I got there and found out that my reservation had been cancelled. It was probably partially my own fault, since I had inquired the day before about cancellation policies because a friend was waffling about going with me, but they were able to put me in a single room (316) that served its purpose.As many have said, it does have an institutional feel. It almost felt like a college dorm. The room was very basic but surprisingly big for a single, with a twin bed, dresser (both on the worn side)and a decent-sized closet. Aside from some stray hairs (not mine) on the floor and a three-day old NY Times under the bed, it was very clean, as was the bathroom. I was also surprised how quiet it was...you'd hear the occasional door slam or people walking around, but nothing major at all.I do have to compliment the staff, who were very accomodating and friendly, especially during check-in.I wish we had the ability to do half-star ratings on here, since it's actually closer to three-and-a-half level...nothing remarkable but well-maintained and especially well-staffed.	
Jan 18 2008 	Best value hotel in New York	Stayed at Americana Inn on 2 previous occasions both times was not disappointed. First time a friend booked it on-line, and because my vision of New York was of opulence and luxury was slightly put out because it is quite basic. Booked Days Hotel on Broadway in December 2006 and was absolutely mortified to get there and be surrounded by cockroaches which are my worst nightmare, however because I'd been there in February 2001 had the good sense to thankfully get booked into Americana Inn after hot footing it from Days Hotel. It couldn't be better, as I said basic but spotless and bug free, staff are very helpful both reception and cleaning staff. If you want a hotel which is perfectly situated 2 minutes from 5th Avenue apart from all the other benefits you'll do well to book this small hotel (now I'm wondering if I've done the right thing telling you about this little gem) Anyway booked it again December 2007 and it was great.	
Jan 14 2008 	Great Experience Safe even for ladies on her own	I was very reluctant to stay at a &quot;Hotel&quot; with a share bathroom, but was within a budget. Once I got to the hotel I noticed how clean it was, the convenience of the location of the bathrooms, with in 10 steps of each room and the attentions of the staff made my experience great. Even though the bathroom floor was, only on a spot between the toilet and the sink, soaked. The bathroom was clean, not smelly at all. The hotel even has a luggage room where you can leave your luggage after you check out for the day, internet access at a fare price, the downside is the lack of WiFi connection. But the location is the most important point of this hotel, just three street blocks from time square. I strongly recommend it.	
Jan 8 2008	good stay	when i saw it in the book i thought what have i done , a shared bathroom and toilets,, but dont let that put you off ,,me and my sister stayed a week there the hotel was very very clean and the staff very friendly and very safe even for ladies on their own we had a lovely stay there , from maion in devon	
Jan 7 2008 	loved it here	I just got back from a weekend in NYC and I stayed at the Americana Inn. I am a student and I had to travel with a budget. Within 10 minutes of being at this hotel, I knew I would stay here everytime I came back to NY. It was very clean, always smelling good, the staff was very polite. You cannot beat this location and price!! you are just 2 blocks from the 42nd street-bryant park subway and very close to shopping and times square. The hotel also held our luggage for us all day on sunday after we had checked out because our bus did not leave til later that day and we were able to get an extra day in NYC without lugging our baggage around. I never had to wait for the shared bathrooms, they were so clean also. I give this a 10 out of 10 and definitely advise anyone to stay there. For the price we paid, we were amazed by this hotel!	
Dec 4 2007 	Highly Recommended Budget Hotel!	Americana Inn is a great value right in the heart of midtown! Although the rooms are small and the bathrooms are shared with other hotel guests, everything was clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. Many NYC sites are within walking distance of the hotel. If you are looking for a safe, clean budget hotel in NYC, Americana Inn will be great for you. I will definitely stay there on my next trip to NYC.	
Nov 30 2007 	Loved the Americana Inn!	We have just returned from a 5-night stay at the Americana Inn and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is unsure of where to stay in New York! I really didn't know where to book and had no idea of the going nightly rate to stay in the city so I chose this hotel based on online reviews and a personal recommendation by a friend.This hotel was fantastic!! It is definately worth paying that little bit extra if you are looking for something a bit better than a hostel - the rooms and separate bathrooms look as though they have been recently refurbished, they were immaculately cleaned at least once a day with fresh new towels and toiletries in our room. The staff were excellent, very friendly and helpful...I honestly cannot fault this place at all! The location was fantastic on 38th St, 1 block from 5th avenue (shopping heaven!) and 4 blocks from Time Square. It can be loud in the rooms due to the huge amount of traffic outside but to be honest, in a massive city like New York I think it is all part of the experience!! But if you cannot sleep through constant horn-beeping and trucks, sirens etc. then take some ear-plugs! This is not a reason not to stay here though - everything else is fab!!Totally exceeded my expectations and would definately stay here again.	
Nov 27 2007 	Excellent Stay but definitely budget	We stayed here for 4 nights over Thanksgiving week. Keep in mind this is a budget hotel, but if that's what you're looking for, I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel!!It's everything that everyone has said: clean (I walked around the room in my socks and the bottoms were still white - you can't say that at many other more costly hotels!!), tiny but there was a pretty nice closet and dresser, the sink in the room was very handy, the beds were relatively comfortable, flat screen tv was nice, the men at the desk were always very courteous, we had a corner room that faced both 38th Street and 6th Ave - it was really, really loud but my daughter and I were easily able to sleep through it, there were teeny kitchen areas on each floor that I personally wouldn't use other than to make popcorn, the bathrooms were almost always clean except 1 time when I appeared that some inconsiderate other guest got really messy - not the hotels fault and it was cleaned very shortly after.I really can't say enough about the LOCATION!!! We were easily able to walk from Grand Central Station (about a 15 minute walk), it's 4 blocks from Macy's, 2 blocks to either the red subway line or orange subway line, approx. 4 blocks to Times Square. Myself and my 14-year-old daughter walked everywhere. I didn't like walking 38th street too much (we only walked on that street once when we arrived), but 6th Avenue was great. Also, across the street is a little deli that's open 24 hours. HOW CONVENIENT!!For the cost, I would definitely recommend this hotel and will stay here again when we come back!!	
Nov 26 2007 	Decent place to sleep -- nothing else.	The building itself is close to where you want to be, easily accessible from the subway (though could be difficult if you have a lot of luggage) a few blocks away. There is an elevator, but it says inside it that it's only for staff and so we usually took the stairs. The interior is obviously pretty old, but fairly clean. There was a fly and some dust in the room, but no bugs or dirt or anything. The rooms are very small, but for some reason they have very nice flat-screen TVs. The floor is cheap linoleum; the beds are fine. Our room stunk of some sort of cheap fragrance so we had to run the fan for several hours before the smell cleared. Check in early so you can prevent this!!The bathrooms are shared. They were relatively clean and had lots of TP but you have to bring in your soap and towels from your own room. The service was friendly but obviously if you stay at a place like this you can't expect food service or drycleaning pickup or anything. Internet is available but you have to pay for it.I don't think I'd stay here again because it was just a little too dowdy, and because I don't like shared showers, but it was safe and cheap if that's all you're looking for.	
Nov 18 2007 	Not the best budget hotel in NYC	I'm not going to whine about this hotel too much, only to say the following:When we arrived they didn't have our reservation (even though we booked online months before) so I had to share a double bed with a male friendThe staff weren't even apologetic about the fact the reservation wasn't on the system (we had a booking confirmation in our hand at the time!)The bed was as creaky as HELL (good old earplugs saved the day!)The traffic noise was really loudRoom doors were banging all through the nightOn the plus side, the rooms were clean and they DID find us an alternative rather than turfing us out into the street!Overall though, there are definitely better hotels in NYC that are even cheaper than the Americana. However, if you can sleep through any kind of noise then that's your place!	
Nov 12 2007 	excellent value for money and good location	The americanna inn is an excellent 2* accomodation for the budget traveller going to new york who wants good, clean accomodation which is in a central location and is safe- a very important fact to remember in NYC ! We got the big blue shuttle from JFK to the hotel- straight to the door and they even help you with your bags! You cant go wrong- we pre booked it but i think you can order one from the desk in the arrivals lounge at JFK. Our room was small but clean and tidy with all you need, although no tea and coffee making facilities but the deli over the road is open 24/7 and has great fresh coffee - or a star bucks can be found on virtually every street corner of NYC!!! The room had no ensuite but the shared bathroom was big and clean- i was really worried about this fact before we went- (i wasnt very keen on sharing a bathroom with others) but it worked out fine- they are good quality and cleaned every hour. Our room was opposite our shared bathroom which we shared with the room next door ( normally 2 bedrooms share the one bathroom) The security is good too- you have to be buzzed in and walk past the front desk which is on the first floor so the security person can see whoever enters or exits the building. There is a lift for when your tired or have heavy shopping bags ( macy's is only round the corner!!!) The hotel is located in the fashion district and is within wealking distance of almost everything you could want to see. Times square is about 5-10 minute walk from the hotel and other attractions are easy to walk. We were in NYC for 5 days and didnt get a taxi once- if you walk you get to see much more. We did get the greyline bus tour for one of the days, which was good- if you do this first you can get your barings and evrrything is then easy to find. We went to NYC in Feb 2006- it was VERY cold- i would advise lots of warm clothes and hand warmers for inside your gloves- it was -7 and it gets quite windy! so go prepared! We also visited the ground zero museum- not to everyones taste but it was very interesting- it is not advertised well but you can find info out if you google it- the guy who runs it is called gary susan. Would also recommend the helicopter trip over the city and the statten island ferry as it is free and you get the same view as you would by paying good monet with the tourist ones!	
Nov 4 2007 	Ok but there are sacrifices	Top location, on the doorstep of midtown. Room is just that, a bed to sleep, but the place is spotlessly clean. The bathrooms are shared, but again, very clean. Place does smell of cigar smoke a lot though.Also, take earplugs! You look out onto 6th Ave, and the street traffic is loud, 24/7!	
Oct 31 2007	I think its a great little place great location	I agree with most posters, it's a noisy place, but hey,.. its NYC, after buying some ear plugs I was ok, slept very well.The rooms are small but very clean, staff is nice, never waited to access the washroom.I would return... at a good rate of course :)	
Oct 13 2007 	Too much noise	Great location, safe with &quot;buzz-in&quot; entry, one lobby coin-op computer, clean, but main problem is NOISE which necessitated buying earplugs. Next time would not stay here but spend few extra dollars.	
Oct 9 2007 	Great Price Great Location	We stayed here for 3 nights on a stopover visit. The hotel is a perfect choice if going to New York, Location is key in New York! The hotel is on 38th Street - so a couple of blocks from Macys, empire state building and a couple of blocks in the other direction to Times Square and broadway. The hotel was very clean and modern, rooms are small as are all in New York. Although we shared a bathroom we had a sink in the room which makes a big difference, and easier to share a bathroom. The only possible thing I would note as a con is that it is a low rise building so there is no getting way from the street noise, we were on the first floor beside 39th street and found it very noisy, but the air-con drowns out the sound, so didnt bother us.Overall I would defo stay here again when in New York, spend the money you save in Macys!!!	
Oct 6 2007 	Love it!	Boy was I surprised. It is everything other reviews said it was. Very clean and modern. Very small rooms (so what). Never had a problem getting into the bathroom and it was always clean (how do they do that?). Great location. I will stay here again - you can't beat the price for NY. Very safe too (I am a single female traveler).	
Oct 3 2007 	Great Location	Great Price.Located close to subways.Clean room &amp; bathrooms.Each floor has 3-4 bathrooms.A bit noisy, but just bring some earplugs.	
Sep 26 2007 	Great location great price! Clean comfortable good service.	We stayed at this hotel last minute because my company wouldn't pay for my two extra days in New York. We had very low expectations and were greatly suprised to find this was not a bad place to stay! While it's true that it can be loud at night due to traffic and such outside, our room was very clean and well kept and the bed was comfortable. It looked as though they just repainted the entire place. The sink and TV in our room were great, looked brand new, also the shared bathroom was nicer than at our hotel the Eastgate which we paid $300+ for a night. We didn't even see the other people we were sharing the bathroom with so that wasn't a big deal at all. So all in all, I recommend this for anyone who can't afford the mainstream hotels in New York, it's totally worth it if all you need is to have a place to sleep and shower !	
Sep 22 2007	Good location but very noisy all night	The place seemed safe and clean, including the shared bathrooms. This place has a great location in the middle of everything you'd want to see and do in Manhattan. One drawback of the location is the amount of noise coming from the street below and from nearby 5th and 6th Avenues. Our room faced the street and noise from traffic kept us awake most of the night.	
Aug 10 2007 	Great location poor hotel	I booked this on the strength of the reviews here on tripadvisor, while the hotel was not terrible our room was tiny (which I expected,) our bedding was very worn and full of holes, there were loose wires in the room and because the room faced out on to 6th Ave it was very noisy; my friend could barely sleep at all. The staff at reception often dealt with our enquires while on the phone talking to friends or playing computer games. The toilets were often blocked and the ceiling fell in our nearest bathroom. I've stayed in numerous hostels in Eastern Europe and only one was worse than this place. If your looking for a place in NYC I would either pay a little more for a better hotel, or book in to a hostel.	
Jul 29 2007	Enjoyed stay at Americana Inn	Just got back from a stay at Americana Inn in New York. Location was great. Right in middle of mid-town. The room was small, but I had read all of the past reviews and knew what to expect. Always clean. Only negative was the noise at night on the 6th avenue side. Would stay here again if trying to save money,	
Jul 28 2007 	Splendid location good value for money	Well, u know what u pay for. $120 on Manhattan is considered &quot;cheap&quot; (it was incredible to me too but only before I started to book an affordable accommodation in NYC) even if there is shared bathtub. Sure, u may pay some extra $50 per night to have your own shower. But what for? I mean - no problem at all in Am.Inn, bathrooms (3 on each floor for only ~10 rooms of this floor) were always free. Water pressure is not proper but okay. The main feature (and simply unrivalled) is LOCATION. Which is simply perfect as u r right in the centre of everything.However single room is not for claustrophobic travelers - it was the tiniest one I ever seen, exactly size of normal wardrobe. And pubic hair was discovered somewhere, but as u r 2 min from 5th Avenue maybe it's not so awful...But TV ran normally.	
Jul 15 2007 	The Americana Rocks!	The Americana Inn on West 38th Street in New York City is a marvelous hotel for anyone who enjoys European-style accomodations at a very reasonable price. I've stayed there on my last four trips to NYC and have never been disappointed.The facility lacks glitzy amenities but is extremely clean, friendly, and safe. While rooms will probably be uncomfortably small for travelers who spend large amounts of time there, those who use hotels predominantly for sleeping will find the size ample. You won't have to worry about what potential infection lurks in the carpeting because you'll be walking on sparkling linoleum. The modern shared baths are within a few steps of each room and are scrupulously maintained. Bathroom congestion is further reduced by the presence of a sink in each room. Add to this an ideal location four blocks from the heart of Times Square and a personable international staff and clientelle. The Americana may not be for everyone, but it's my idea of heaven in the big city.	
Jul 7 2007 	Nice stay	We had a good experience at the Americana Inn. It was the most affordable place I could find in Manhatten. The room was very small but we didn't spend much time in it. The hotel was clean and we never had to wait for the shared bathroom. We would stay again if on a budget.	
Jul 4 2007 	A nice place to stay	This was a well located hotel close to Times Square. The rooms are very small. The hotel is very safe and clean.The staff are very helpful and friendly.The telephone did not work well and the cable TV was marginal but then this is New York and there are better thingsto do than watch TV! I stayed 5 nights and will stay there next time I am in New York. A good budget hotel.	
Jul 4 2007 	Find something else...	This being my first visit to NYC, I was taken somewhat aback at all the hotels that required guests to share bathrooms. After looking the prices of the ones that would provide me with my own restroom, I reluctantly decided to go with the &quot;community&quot; bathroom option. So, I expected the inconvienance of using a shower that a perfect stranger had just used. And, to my delight, the bathrooms were kept clean. The rooms were crap. The beds were tiny and hard. The TV didn't work, the linoleum floor was cold and dirty, the walls were cracked, and the sink nasty looking. The location wasn't bad in terms of proximity to Times Square and the Empire State Building, but with the extensive subway system in Manhattan, pretty much everything is a few minutes away regardless of your hotel's location. Plus, being located on the bustling 6th Ave. meant that we were constantly awakened during the night by horns, yells, and sirens. On our final morning, there was literally someone jackhammering directly outside our window at 7:30 am!!!If I were to do this again, I would definitely pay a bit extra to stay in a nicer place; I would even be willing to share restrooms again as long as the room I slept in was comfortable.	
Jul 1 2007 	We liked this place very much ...	This place was basic but very, very adequate. The building is prewar but the interior was all relatively new. Everything was very clean. The mattress was firm. There certainly were no bugs of any kind! Sheets and towels were changed and the room was cleaned daily. The air conditioner worked well. And the cable delivered a basic menu of options. The room was not big, but this is Manhattan after all. Sharing the bath was no problem. All of the hotel employees were very polite and considerate. It is hard to imagine that the price can beat. The location in Midtown is central to almost everything. We left our sodas in the shared frig (which was tiny) in the kitchen on the floor and no one walked off with them. The microwave came in handy too and we were even able to borrow a couple of bowls. Kudos for Louis, on the staff who went out of his way to help us out with the kitchen work. The water pressure in the shower was good and it was plenty hot. The sink in the room also came in handy when shaving or brushing teeth. No one goes to New York City to stay in their hotel room anyway (if you do, you are really nuts!) -- for those who want to save money, but stay some place basic but comfortable, very clean, and very safe, we highly recommend this place. We stayed three nights and we had a really GREAT TIME in New York. There is nothing fancy here, but everything is very functional, very clean, and more than adequate! We give this place a big A PLUS -- especially considering we could have easily spent more than we spent for all three nights somewhere else in Manhattan for a room for one night -- that would not have been all that much better (in fact, might have been much, much, much worse!)	
Jul 1 2007 	What else can you expect for the price!	First off I must say that the location is awesome!!! And that was the only reason I booked there. As for the hotel, it was very clean, quiet and SMALL! But for it's location it was well worth it. However I would advise going for the 'DOUBLE' room.	
Jun 23 2007 	Clean Tidy Polite Staff Good Budget hotel	I would stay there again such a good location walk to time square in 5mins, very clean nice staff, rooms very small and basic but its what i paid for i guess. only complaint rooms very noisey from out side traffic and dont forget new york never sleeps!!!! oh and the rooms are not that dark so found it a little hard to sleep at times, but do not let this put you off. the restrooms are very clean so i was very happy as i was unsure about sharing with other guests at first.hope you enjoy your stay	
Jun 18 2007 	Perfect Location... Good Hotel for Price in New York	New York... What a buzz... I travelled to New York alone and felt absolutely safe at all times. The hotel is excellent for single female travellers as there is no access to the hotel unless the receptionist lets you in. The single rooms are tiny (and I mean tiny but I was never in my room anyway so who cares) but do have a sink and mirror. There is a shared bathroom for about 4 rooms which are clean and I never had an dramas getting into them when I wanted. The staff were friendly and you are literally 5 minutes walk to Times Square &amp; Empire State Building and a nice stroll to Central Park. I would recommend a helicopter flight over New York and the Hop on Hop off bus is excellent value at just $50 for a 2 day unlimited pass.	
May 18 2007	it's worth it!	Great location, rooms are clean, staff friendly.If you have the choice, don't take the rooms on the avenue cause it's noisy even at 3am. But apart from that everything was perfect. The next time I will take this hotel again!	
May 8 2007 	Great budget hotel	Great location, clean room, (quite small, the sink doubled as a bed side table!), friendly staff, what more does one need for the price! And a big TV to watch Saved by the Bell as we woke up! Would def recommend it!	
May 5 2007 	Would do it again!	nothing fancy, but we didn't care. it was a bed and thats all we needed. its in a safe and convenient location and the staff is nice, and the inn is clean. the bathroom situation wasn't even a big deal, I didn't have to wait once to get in and never had anyone knocking. we went there to tour and see the city, so we hardly stayed in the hotel. i wouldn't suggest it for families, or romantic getaways, but its great for anyone else. seemed to be a lot of Europeans staying there. there is a computer with internet access in the lobby, and plenty of info for tours and museums. we would stay there again, most definitely.	
Apr 27 2007 	A wee gem	I've just returned from a 3 night stay at the Americana and I would say this. Yes the rooms are small but are very clean and cleaned on a daily basis. Yes if you are in a room which faces 6th Avenue then it is loud (even with ear plugs) but when you've spent all day on your feet and you get back to your room the tiredness kicks in and the noise is something of the past. I found the staff to be very polite and helpful. The shared bathrooms were spotless and again cleaned on a daily basis. There is a great deli across the road which sells the best chicken club sandwiches ever. The location is by far one of the pluses for this hotel. In all I would definately have no hesitation in re-booking a room at this Hotel.	
Apr 23 2007 	Clean Room good Location but	I stayed at the Americana Inn for 3 nights and the Hotel hada great location and a clean room, however there are some people in that Hotel living that hope that you understand to be quiet??? Strange then usual a Hotel is there for people who go somewhere to enjoy the place and go out get Drunk and have Fun... (So if you are one of the people (renters) reading this review, please also look that your puperty Hairs don't always be sitting in the Washroom!)Otherwise the Hotel is great...The Heating also had a little problem in there that it overheated the room... (It was like in the Carribian inside)	
Mar 31 2007 	Americana Inn What a surprise	I stayed at the Americana Inn Hotel on Tuesday and Stayed until Thrusday morning. I went to New York to go see a concert of my favorite artist, Darren Hayes. I looked on Orbitz to find somewhere with a decent price. Luckily, I found the Americana Inn and I did some research on it to see if it was a safe place. I read so many great reviews and booked my stay. I got there and it was nice to know you had to get buzzed in, so one could get in without them knowing. They had cameras in the elevator and it would always stop at the 2nd floor where the lobby was. So, once again I felt safe staying there. The room was small but it really didn't matter cos all I needed was a bed. I enjoyed the windows would open cos the first day there was a warm one and I needed some air. There is a shared bathroom. Its a normal bathroom, not like a dorm style bathroom. I think there were 3 bathroom on our floor, one on each corner. Whenever I needed to use it, it was always open. Also, the place had a shared computer in the lobby. You just had to feed it dollar for a ten minutes use. Its a great place to stay if you're not in need of a lot of ammenities or room.	
Feb 27 2007 	Great budget hotel	I was only looking for a one night stay in a relatively cheap but not ghetto hotel. AmericanaInn certainly hit the spot for being a simple place to stay.I had no problems checking in or finding the place, everything is really clean including the bathrooms. Most of the times they were empty so I didn't have to wait (only in the morning around 9ish does it get occupied). Otherwise, it's pretty basic and there's cable tv. If you have low expectations and are just looking for a place to sleep in a clean and safe place, this would be it. No muss, no fuss. Would stay here again!	
Feb 14 2007 	Great Place	I was weary of checking into the cheapest place in NYC. However, the hotel was GREAT! It was centrally located in Midtown New York City (just a very short walking distance from Broadway &amp; Times Square). The staff was great, the place was clean. The bathrooms were not a problem. I am returning to NYC in May for a whole week, I plan to stay here again.	
Jan 3 2007 	Can't beat the location !!	Really good hotel if you just want a basic, clean and safe accomodation in a central location.We stayed here for 7 nights early in Dec 06 and were very happy. Access is via a door which you need to buzz to get let in, a very good security feature.Room was very small with a bed, basin, chest of drawers and TV. No frills, but it was always clean, comfortable and all we needed for our stay. Shared bathrooms were plentiful and always exceptionally clean. One tip though - ensure you don't get a room next to the shared kitchenettes, there is always someone who wants to crash around cooking at 5 in the morning !! Unlike others found street noise not disturbing although being a restrained Brit, I found that NYC taxi cabs love their horns, day and night !Can't beat the location, we walked from the hotel to to : ESB, Maceys,Times Square, MSG, Central Park, Grand Central station, 5 th ave and far beyond. All the NYC hubub is on your doorstep.We did our trip on a serious budget, a few quick and cheap eats nearby we found were: Byrant Deli (across the street) fab for take out when your tired, Cheyenne Diner by MSG, Bar and Grill at Maceys, Stagedoor resturant near MSG. All these are within 15 mins walk.Hotel staff were very friendly and always able to offer advice on places to see etc. There is a payphone in the lobby and a storage cupboard where you can leave your luggage if you check out but don't fly until much later - saves having to lug suitcases around the streets with you If you are on a budget and want a clean place to use as a base for your NYC explorations then I would really recommend this hotel, if you want a little luxury, look elsewhere...	
Nov 15 2006 	A great find	A few friends and I spent five nights in New York recently and needed somewhere cheap to stay - we checked out a few places online and went with the Americana. What can I say? The hotel is basic but if all you need is a clean, warm, comfortable place to stay then you're fine. The rooms are small but very clean, and we were even able to get a smoking room which was a suprise. The staff on reception were very friendly, and made us feel welcome.The hotel has shaed bathrooms but there are four on each floor so you can usually find one that's free, and again these were spotless.Another huge plus for us was that the hotel provides a safety deposit-box facility (for free!) so you can safely store any valuables - the boxes are in the office behind reception and we were told we could just wander through as and when we needed to. To access the box you need two keys - the master key and the key you are given to hold on to.The hotel's on 6th and 38th, which is about four blocks from the Empire State Building, Madison Square Gardens, and Times Square. If you want a breakfast, turn right out of the hotel door, walk one block to 7th Avenue (there's a drugstore on the opposite corner), turn right and walk one block North - there's a diner on the corner called Andrews which'll sort you out nice and cheaply.The only problem we had was sleeping due to traffic noise, but I'd imagine this would be a problem in most hotels in the area. I'd recommend taking ear plugs!All in all though I'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a no thrills, cheap, clean, comfortable hotel.	
Nov 11 2006	Couple in our 30s	Have just returned from a five day break in New York and stayed in the Americana Inn. Our requirements from a hotel room are fairly easy, a clean room with a comfy bed, we are not ones to stay around a room and wanted a base for us to explore NY and for this reason, it met our needs well. More details below...The best feature of the hotel was the location. Easy walking distance to key attractions, e.g. Empire State, Time Square, 5th Avenue, Broadway, Macy's, subway access to downtown and uptown - all about 5 mins walk away. We generally walked everywhere and this was a good base. A great Irish pub (Blaggard's) and cafe (P.J.s I think) on the street as well.We were in room 210. It was a basic, but clean room. Double bed, walk in wardrobe (enough room for shopping bags!), chest of drawers, TV (with about 15 random channels), sink and cabinet. This was not en suite however there were 4 bathrooms (one disabled access) for approx 15 rooms on our floor. We had no problems accessing a bathroom when we needed to, although not sure how busy the hotel was. We paid over £100 a night which, as above, was not en suite, nor did it include breakfast. This was over the weekend of the NY marathon so I assume this had some influence on the priceOverall a good basic hotel, we limited our options when booking based on price and as we booked about five weeks prior to the NY marathon, options were limited. Good base for those with basic needs from a hotel, pricey though for what you get.	
Nov 6 2006 	Very positive experience	Our first trip to to New York. Came across this hotel here and booked then held our breath. Well we are home now and we have only good things to say about the place. Ok the room was small, the bathroom (3 of them) was outside in the hallway but it was very clean and safe. The location was simply great, two blocks from Macys, empire state, subway and a walkable distance to the Broadway shows. There is a fantastic breakfast / diner just across the road Guy and Gillards. Really helpful at the front desk, organised shuttle bus to JFK. So for the money it is grat value, you only really sleep in the place and use it to keep the shopping safe while you go back for more !	
Oct 29 2006 	A hidden gem	&quot;Hidden&quot; because it doesn't appear on too many reservation sites. A &quot;gem&quot; because it has everything that you'd want from a hotel for a night in the city: warm welcome; clean room, bathroom and common areas; firm, comfortable bed; relative peace and quiet, considering the location. Sure, the room was small, but I'd planned on spending my time out in the city, not cooped up in a hotel, so not really an issue for this traveller. Also, as noted elsewhere, the bathroom was invariably available, and clean.	
Sep 15 2006 	Just what I expected! Very nice small affordable hotel...	We just got back from our trip to Manhattan for a concert. We are a couple in our 30's and stayed at the Americana Inn mostly due to its fantastic location and due to the fact that it was very affordable. Another factor was the pictures provided by other guests on this website and some reviews. Due to the pictures, I knew exactly what to expect and was not disappointed. We paid $150 for the night including taxes. I booked through their website which was the best price. I checked all the other websites (i.e. expedia, hotels, orbitz...). We stayed in the room with 2 twin beds. It was small but about the size I expected for a room in Manhattan. The beds were very firm, but I happen to like that since I have a bad back. I slept great and so did my boyfriend. Our room was on 38th St and was not noisy at all. Very surprising for NYC. Maybe one or two beeps from the taxis, but thats it. It had a cable TV with about 10 stations, a small sink and a mirror, a closet, a dresser and a nightstand. It did not have a clock or an alarm clock, so bring your own. The hotel was extremely basic, but for a night in Manhattan when all you want is a place to sleep, it is great. I felt very safe in the room. The room has a deadbolt only accessible from the inside, so I felt very safe at night. The entry stairwell brings you straight into the lobby first and the elevator always stops at the lobby level so they can see who is on it. You have to be buzzed in from the outside, so this was another way to feel safe. We had our own A/C unit which was great since we like to sleep in an ice box. The hallways were bright. There were plenty of bathrooms on the floors and they were very clean. Our room was very clean. Someone on this website complained about mice. We did NOT find one mouse trap or any small rodents in our room. As I said it was very clean. I did not mind the shared bathrooms, it was better than I thought. There is at least one close to every room. And they are private. Not dormitory style as I thought. There is even a small kitchenette on each floor with some basic appliances. The location is excellent. You are a block from 5th ave, within walking distance to Penn Station and MSG, and Times Square. We did not have to take any public transportation at all which saved us a lot of cash. All in all, I would definitely stay at the Americana Inn again. If you are looking for luxury or somewhere to stay in the hotel room for a long time, go elsewhere. But if you are looking for something basic that is safe and affordable with a fantastic location, then the Americana Inn is for you. It definitely worked for us!!!!	
Aug 17 2006 	OK!	We stayed at the Americana Inn last march. The location is great! The rooms (we had two different) are really small. And there was a little mouse coming out in the evenings..... We went downstairs to tell the reception that there is a mouse in our room. He took a broome and came back to our room. He tryed to scare the mouse away... It was funny! Well, we got another room, and it was ok. The man said that there are mouse everywhere in New York, he can´t help it =)Rooms were clean, bathrooms were allways vacant and clean. The little kitchenette was really dirty! We decided buy food from the downstairs deli. It was excellent!Hotel is cheap, so it´s ok. My mother stayed at the hotel on april 2006 and it was ok. Se didn´t see any animals inside hotel.	
Aug 16 2006 	Recommended	Pros: So perfect for what we were looking for! My friend and I spent a 3 day weekend and merely used the hotel to sleep and shower. Even though I had read all of the reviews I could find - and they all stated how clean this place was, I was still actually surprised. It was sooooo clean. And comfortable - with the help of our own air conditioner in the window. Even though the place was completely booked all weekend, I hardly ever saw anyone and it was quiet. The staff was always very nice and helpful. As was most of the people in New York... again, I was surprised. I can't wait to go back. There were a few street fairs and farmers market in random areas - some around Madison Ave. It was a nice little surprise for some great and healthy snacking and shopping.The location is perfect. You can't beat it. Everything &amp; anything is there or easily accessible.Cons: If your room faces 6th Ave., it will be really loud. I specifically asked for a room facing 38th St. and it was fine. Ear plugs do help - as jack-hammering always seems to be happening in New York. One of the days, the water shut off 3 times for about a minute each time during my shower. A little weird and annoying, but it happened on just the one morning. The one liquor store in the area is probably more than 5 blocks away.. the Park Ave. Liquor Shop (42nd &amp; Madison) . There is a huge selection and they were so nice and helpful; gave us samples, suggestions -- I was sad to hear they weren't open on Saturdays and Sundays from June to Sept. So if you're there during the summer, stock up on your booze during the week...	
Aug 10 2006 	Mice! Run!!	Like moth-ball scented rooms with mice? Stay here! My roommate could reach both ends of the room with her hand and foot when she stretched sideways. Pay the extra $20 for a better place!	
Aug 6 2006 	Small but great!	I live in NYC but booked a night at this hotel for my husband and I to stay Saturday night closer to the nightlife. The room was small, but not a problem. The bathrooms are shared, but in your room you have your own sink and a medicine cabinet with a mirror. So to get ready I didn't have to use the bathrooms. There are multiple bathrooms on each floor and an elevator. It was cozy but not luxury. We just needed a place to crash so it was perfect. I wouldn't recommend bringing a bunch of luggage. I would totally recommend this to a friend who wanted to stay downtown at a really low price!!	
Jul 18 2006	Clean Friendly and Convienient!	The americana inn is perfect for the traveller on a budget looking for somewhere cheap and safe in the heart of new york. you have to buzz to get into the hotel, (theres a 24 hours desk), so you know that non-guests can't get in, which is comforting, if, like us, its your first time in the city that never sleeps! the staff were friendly and professional, and our rooms were cleaned daily by a great team. we paid $90 a night for 5 nights, which was well worth it, considering the great location (on 6th avenue and 38th street). we were on a 1st floor room facing 38th street, which was great as it was a bit quiter than if you faced 6th. The room was large enough for 2 people, with air con, a sink and a largish wardrobe. the bathrooms, although shared, were clean and right round the corner from the rooms. its not in the most beautiful or cultural part of the city, but its seriously convienient for the shops and sightseeing, the nearest metro is about 4 mins walk, just outside Macys, perfect! all in all a great first hotel for two sisters enjoying new york for the first time! ps/ the beds are v comfy!	
Jun 20 2006	Great budget hotel!	I'll have to admit that my expectations were low both when I booked and when I saw the entrance. But, boy, did I have to revaluate them! This is a perfect hotel for those who doesn't want to spend a fortune on sleeping in a town that never sleeps. It's clean and tidy and safe. And it's perfect situated in midtown Manhattan close to where the action is. Irrespective of you're a bum or just a smart tourist this hotel offers every facility you'll need and so you can spend the money on things that really matters instead.	
Jun 18 2006	Great deal in mid-town and clean!	Best on these reviews, we went to the Americana. It was clean (I have high standards), all employees polite, the patrons quiet and nice. Simple rooms and bathrooms but nice. They accomodated us by putting us on the 38th side of the street (I thought it would be quieter). In one of the bathrooms, I couldn't figure out how to adjust the temperature of the shower, so I went to another one.There are larger bathrooms for wheelchair accessibillity and they said that a wheelchair has accessibility to the hotel, except for one step from the street, but someone would help with this. The wheelchair accessible bathroom on the 5th floor had a shower that worked. The only problem is the lightswitch is pretty far from the door and I don't know how someone in a wheelchair could turn on the light without the door closing behind them and being in the dark. If I were in a wheelchair, I would call ahead to find out measurements of elevator, room etc.Fun being in the Fashion District. Lots of trimmings, fabric and buttons!	
Jun 2 2006 	Excellent Clean Hotel in the PERFECT Location	Let me start out by saying that I am a CLEAN freak. Cleanliness is my number one priority when it comes to hotels. Now on to the review:I am a single traveller who stayed here in April 2006 ...I was defintely pleased. The hotel is in a very good location...within walking distance to the Empire State Building, NY Public Library, Bryant Park, Madison Square Garden, etc. I purposely did not take a cab to get around town and walked to Times Square, The UN, and Central Park from the hotel...very do-able.I was very impressed by how clean the rooms were. Maids clean the rooms and the shared bathrooms on a regular basis. Great hotel security as well as all entrants must be buzzed in AND the elevator always stops on the first floor, right in front of the lobby.My only complaint is a minor one and that's simply the fact that there are no private bathrooms. Nevertheless, the bathrooms are kept SPOTLESS. I guess beggars can't be choosers :) You will not find a cleaner hotel in a such a great location for anything remotely close to what Americana Inn is charging per night. I would defintely stay here again. Highly recommended.	
Apr 19 2006	Good budget hotel	This is a good hotel to stay at on a budget as it's in a great location near the Empire State building and is within average walking distance to lots of attractions. The rooms and the shared bathroom were plain but clean. I had booked a twin room but on the first night we had to stay in a double and then move which was quite irritating, but the staff seemed nice over all and if you don't plan on spending hours in your hotel the Americana is a good base to come back to.	
Apr 17 2006	Would recommend the Americana to the budget minded traveler	My sister and I just returned from a four night stay at the Americana Inn. We arrived to the hotel at 1045am and they let us check in and had a room prepared. The room was small but clean, and faced 6th ave. We had no trouble sleeping at all as we had come prepared with ear plugs! In terms of mice... we did find a mouse trap under the bed....but did not into any in our room (thank goodness!).If you are looking for a budget hotel in a great location, then the Americana is for you. The Americana is close to the subway/timesquare/macys/victoria secret, etc. All but one of the staff was very helpful and friendly.  The price/location/and cleanliness of this hotel was perfect for our trip. The extra money we saved on hotel costs went towards shopping!I would definately stay at the Americana Inn again and would recommend it to the traveler on a budget.	
Apr 11 2006	Excellent value for money. However...	We stayed at The Americana Inn for one night, went to Washington for 3 days then returned to Americana Inn for 6 nights. I must admit to some trepidation before our trip as I'd made my selection of Hotel entirely on TripAdvisor reviews! As far as I could work out after extensive research, The Americana Inn seemed to be the only cheap and cheerful hotel with mostly good reviews in NYC! I was worried that our reservation would not be in place as this seemed to be the most common problem. I booked through the Hotel's website and we paid around $100 per night for a twin room including tax. I needn't have worried as when we arrived everything was order and our reservation for the following week was also in place.The buzzer to let you in the lobby was manned constantly so we never had to wait to get in. The lift was quite small and slow but to be honest we only used it when checking in and out anyway. You can fit two people and two suitcases in - any more than that is a bit cosy! The hotel is only 5 floors anyway so walking up isn't exactly a hardship.Our room was set back from 6th Avenue on 38th Street so the full force of the traffic noise (quite amazing - bring earplugs and don't bother opening the window as you won't be able to hear yourself think!) was not revealed until we returned the following week and had a room overlooking 6th Avenue. Ok, so the room was very small but there was a large wardrobe which was plenty big enough to store suitcases and a large chest of drawers. And to repeat everyone else on this site, you're only using the room to sleep in anyway! The room was spotlessly cleaned everyday, with a small basket left including clean towels, soap, paper cups and a spare loo roll. And the obligatory tip envelope... The bathrooms (of which there was 1 for every 4 or 5 rooms) were cleaned twice a day and there was always hot water. We never had to wait for a bathroom and having a private bathroom (as opposed to the gym showers you get in Youth Hostels) was pleasant!The showers were pretty good and I'd recommend taking one of the towels in with you to use as a bathmat to avoid flooding situations when you step out of the shower. Use the bathroom next to the lift on each floor if you can as they're the ones with windows so don't get as hot.All the cleaning staff we came across were very friendly and never failed to smile. This was mostly true of the staff on reception too (which is manned all the time - quite reassuring).And now for the however... After we'd been to Washington we returned to The Americana Inn and to our delight got a larger room overlooking 6th Avenue. Unfortunately the traffic noise was horrendous and we couldn't close the windows (being feeble females) but housekeeping sorted that out for us after we asked at reception). We could at least then sleep! Unfortunately after a couple of days the weather turned a bit parky and the heating came on which was ok while awake but absolutely excrutiatingly hot whilst trying to sleep. At 4am I eventually couldn't stand it anymore and went and asked reception how to turn it off. The gentleman behind reception explained he couldn't switch it off as it was centrally controlled and the people who lived in the building complained to 'The City' if it was too cold and The Americana Inn would get fined. Arrgh!! He suggested I open the windows and wasn't really very helpful to my pleas that the traffic would put paid to any chance of sleep. Never mind, after two nights the weather got a bit better, the heating got switched off and I could get some sleep. Red Bull's a wonderful thing...And then, 2 nights before we left my friend saw a mouse run under my bed. We spoke to Reception (who didn't apologise and looked blankly at me) and demanded to be moved rooms. We were moved to a room away from 6th Avenue (hurrah!) and on check-out I eventually got money taken off the bill although the gentleman didn't seem to understand why having a mouse running around was a problem. He even tried to be suprised about it although surely somewhere that has mouse traps everywhere (humane ones, don't worry!) must be aware of a mouse problem! He rang the manager of the Hotel when I stood my ground and we had a night's charge taken off the bill. I felt this was very generous as I was only really looking for an apology and a token gesture of a small discount! I didn't get an apology but oh well, at least it took a bit of shopping pressure off the Visa bill!Would I stay here again? The location was brilliant: walking distance to Times Square, Macy's and Empire State Building but I think the traffic noise did my head in sufficiently enough to fork out to stay somewhere with air conditioning I can control myself, at least 30 floors between myself and the street, and triple glazing. And having a mouse running around does kind of turn my stomach a tad!By the way, I'd recommend the following to tourists in NYC:Don't bother with Empire State Building - it's really busy all the time so you have to wait to get near the view. Go up Top of The Rock at Rockefellar Centre instead. It's not quite as high but the views are much better as you can see the Park properly and also the Empire State Building! Top of The Rock has only just re-opened after twenty years and not many people know about it yet. We went up to see the sunset and the lights come on across the city and it was absolutely beautiful. Hardly anyone else was up there and the difference in the way we were treated was remarkable. You were just left to enjoy the view rather than be treated like tourists with too much money to spend. At Empire State you are constantly bombarded with people trying to get you to part with your hard-earned cash (on souvenir photographs of yourselves in front of a picture of the building, on audio tours, on skyrides etc). You even have to walk through a giftshop to get to and from the lifts at the top. Top of the Rock is much more understated and you don't have to go in the shop if you don't want to!I would also highly recommend going on the Greenwich Village food tour - it was a fascinating insight into the culture and history of the area, as well as taking you round some of the local eateries.Finally, if you do decide to stay at The Americana Inn, go to Guy &amp; Gallard across 6th avenue for breakfast. They're so friendly in there and serve about ten different types of coffee!	
Mar 28 2006	Good value good location.	My wife and i stayed here for a week over the St Patricks Day celebration. The hotel was basic but spot on. The rooms were as described basic but very clean. The staff were polite and helpful.The room was serviced each day as well as fresh towels being provided. There is a TV in the rooms and a large closet. An electric oil filled heater was provided which was good as it was cold when i stayed. The hotel is central for the underground system which was easy to use and cheap. (buy a metro card)Times square is 4 blocks north and Macys srore is 4 blocks south. There is also a diner close by on broadway called Harry's which was great. Small safe deposit boxes are available (Free when i was there) the neighbourhood is good and there is an irish bar close by on 38th Street. There are also 2 Deli's close by.6th avenue is noisy so take some ear plugs.	
Mar 27 2006	Loved the Americana!	I stayed at the Americana Inn from 20th-26th march, and for two females travelling alone this was a brilliant place and location. The rooms were cosy and warm, a little on the small side but we only slept and showered there! The security was great you had to buzz the door to enter so the staff knew who was entering the building. The bathrooms are shared but they were always clean and i never had to wait to use it, if it was busy there a 3 per floor. The staff were very friendly and helpful. In general if you want a clean, safe, close to everything hotel then this is your place. I will definately stay here again. I loved New York!!!!!!	
Mar 26 2006	Beware Run	This place is a dump! The bathrooms were dirty and often out of service. This would not be a place for a romantic getaway. I stayed with a friend so it was ok for us. The location is awesome, however! Most associates do not speak english. You will hear the traffic all night long so bring your ear plugs. Pay a few extra bucks and stay somewhere nice. It is very small but that is NYC for ya hope this helps :)	
Mar 25 2006 	horrible treatment	I reserved two rooms two months ahead of time knowing that it was going to be a busy weekend. Three days before my trip I emailed to confirm that late check-in would not be a problem. I was told that it would not be. When I arrived at 10 p.m. I and my traveling companion were informed that the hotel was overbooked and there was no way they could help us. At that point it was too late to find another affordable hotel room on St. Patrick's day weekend. If my companion's sister had not lived in the city I would have been screwed.	
Mar 24 2006	cheap chearful clean	stayed at this hotel in March it is in a fabulous location for all the sights, and was spotlessstaff were very helpful as my mother was with mein a wheelchair. For the price it was even better than some of the more expensive hotels.	
Mar 16 2006	Awesome hostel	My husband and I stayed at the Americana for a week in late February. We were extremely pleased with the cleanliness and location of this hostel, as the price was so incredibly reasonable. You are walking distance to Times Square, Empire State Building, Broadway, Penn Station...the list goes on. Sharing bathrooms was much better than we anticipated, they are kept very clean and there's plenty of hot water. The rooms were modest but clean and with a sink, dresser, wardrobe and TV. We would highly recommend this hostel and plan on staying here on future trips.	
Mar 13 2006	The Awesome Americana	My friend and I stayed here from the 22nd-26th February and could not have been more pleased. The location was fantastic, our room was spotless, the shared bathrooms were perfectly clean and we had a TV and a sink. Our room was very cosy but for the price of $75 a night we expected much much less. The heating was not lacking and fresh towels were provided daily as was house-keeping. You are buzzed in through 2 doors and the elevator always stops at the lobby for security. As 2 young Australian women staying in NYC we never felt worried about walking back late at night or the security in the Americana. If you are sensitive to street noise/bathroom door noise make sure you pack some ear-plugs or buy some from the 24 hr Pharmacy in Times Square:) Brilliant place to stay!	
Mar 12 2006	Best value in NYC	Myself and my partner stayed here for 3 nights on 20th Feb. I was worried as I'd booked on the net and some people have had problems with reservations but it couldn't have been simpler. The staff were polite and friendly and checking in and out went without a hitch. I thought the room was on the small side but after talking to friends who paid a great deal more for their hotel, we had the larger room. It was clean and sharing a bathroom was not a problem, it was always spotless. It was noisey, but it is NYC, the city that never sleeps. The first night was also very hot due to the heating. We mentioned it at reception and the other two nights were a lot cooler. On the whole great value for money and great location.	
Feb 26 2006	Clean and Great Value	I agree with most of the other reviews, this place is in a great location, it´s clean and is very cheap for NY (I got a single directly from their website for $60 a night). It is a basic hotel with small rooms, but it is clean and safe, all that matters really.	
Feb 17 2006	No room at the Inn	We have just returned from 5 days in New York. I travelled with a friend, a fifteen year old and a 7 old. After an 8 hour flight we arrived at the Americana only to be told &quot; there was a problem&quot; Basically they had not reserved our rooms for the first night of 4 nights. We were told there was nothing they could do as the system had been down, whatever that means. The receptionist just kept shaking his head and didn't even seem that bothered that we had no where to sleep that night. I had reserved this booking on the internet and had the proof that we had reservations. In the end he rang around and managed to secure us a night at the Riverside Hotel, near Central Park, another taxi ride away. This cost us extra money for Taxi's and was extremly inconvienient. As we left we heard him say to the next customer &quot;there is a problem......&quot; The second night we went back and our rooms were available, although we had to take a double rather than a twin. The hotel itself is OK. It has a good location and the price is reasonable and it's clean but I wouldn't risk booking there again as I don't trust them to have the room.	
Feb 14 2006	Fantastic Budget Hotel in a Great Location	I could not have been happier with our hotel room. We stayed Feb 9 through the 13 and I booked the hotel online for $75 (2 twin beds) a night. The location was excellent (38th and 6th)! Four easy blocks to a subway station, no more than 15 minutes walking to Times Square (and that was in the snow), you can see the Empire State Building 4 blocks away from the corner, there's a convenience store right across the way and a good croissant place across the street. You have to be buzzed in to enter and the elevator always stops on the lobby floor so they can check you out. Check in and out was a breeze and they stored our bags for us at no cost! Our room was much larger than I thought since it was a corner room (right on the corner of 6th and 38th). That did mean that we had 3 windows to let in the noise though, although it only bothered me the first night. There will be noise no matter what you do, but I was usually so tired it didn't bother me. You do hear everyone coming and going to their rooms though and that was a little annoying. We had a TV (limited channels- but who watches it anyways?), a 4 drawer dresser, a large closet, a sink and one chair. Our room was nicely cleaned everyday and the bathroom was very clean and only 2 doors away (more are only a short hallway away). I felt very safe at the hotel and in the neighborhood (important with 2 girls traveling alone) and we were often coming home at 1 in the morning. The only problems we had were that the room was a little warm for us (you can't control the temperature) and the elevator was out for half a day. We had 2 other friends join us for 2 nights as well and their room was smaller than ours, but for the price there were no complaints. I would stay here again and recommend it to anyone that could handle a budget motel. You get exactly what you pay for and as long as you understand that you will be very happy!	
Feb 10 2006	Fantastic! Cheap but Awesome!	We went to New York and decided on booking this hotel based on price and location. We went with little expectations, but were surprised at how nice it was. Having stayed in New York before, I cannot see any difference between this hotel and a 4* one; the reception staff were very friendly and always around to help, location was fantastic, one block from Fifth Avenue, a few blocks from Macy's and Times Square, the rooms were indeed small and basic, but we were hardly there to even notice! There was enough room for us 2 girls and all our shopping!! The only thing was that there aren't en-suite rooms, you need to use one of the bathrooms in the corridor, but there are plenty of them, and they are clean and homely. All in all, a wonderful hotel, especially based on the price!	
Feb 8 2006	Location and Price- Spot on!	The price was excellent and the location was just out of this world, a few minutes walk from Times Square and near to the Empire State Building, etc.Yes, the rooms were basic but they were clean and when you are in NYC you should barely be using your room anyway as there is so much to see. This hotel is an idea base to explore them.Will definatley be returning here in the near future, can't fault the place.	
Feb 6 2006	Great location good value go stay at the Americana Inn!	Ignore the whiney comments from my fellow Brits below!Americana Inn is an excellent budget hotel, located in midtown, just a few blocks away from Times Square, Madison Square Garden / Penn Station and the Empire State Building - and just a 2 minute walk away from Macys and the Manhattan Mall. And a couple blocks away from entrances to 2 subway stations (Bryant Park, and Herald Square). I've stayed in New York City a few times, in a variety of places, always on a budget. I know how expensive the city is to stay in, so to find a safe, clean, central hotel like this is a huge bonus, and I will stay there again. You couldn't get a better location, and the hotel feels very safe, and it was spotlessly clean when I stayed there. Sure, it's shared bathrooms, but you share one between about 4 rooms, and they are newly refurbished and very clean.As for the room - I stayed in a single room, and it was just fine. Not big of course, but to be honest - bigger than I expected from reading some reviews! There was storage space, a sink, and enough room for 1 comfortably. And yes it's noisey - as many of the rooms look over 6th avenue. But hey, it's NYC for goodness sakes, what do people expect! Take ear plugs - or buy them from Duane Reade drug store, there is one just down the road from the Americana. They really do make a heck of a difference. My only negative comment would be - the hotel advertises Cable TV - but whether it was just my room, or a general problem - the TV did not work well. The majority of channels where messed up. And all you could pick up clearly was a few local NY channels. Now it didn't make a huge difference to me, as I wasn't in my room enough to want a TV much. But if the hotel is going to advertise this, then really it should make sure it works. But all in all, a really good hotel, and I would recommend it highly to those on a budget. A single room there costs around $70 a night, which for the location is excellent.	
Jan 19 2006	Great Location.. Overall a great experience	When I booked the Americana Inn back in october for 13 nights over xmas and new years and read the reviews on this site I was a little worried, but I had nothing to worry about... the hotel is in a great location - very secure as you have to be buzzed in to get into the hotel.. there was a life... the front desk people were great. I was worried about the size of the room but this is my 6th visit to NY and the rooms were as big as other places.. we had a triple and our room was right next to the bathroom. The rooms were cleaned every day and towels replaced, and or the price over xmas and new years there isn't enough great things I can say. There is also a 24 hour deli/convenience store across the rd which was open on xmas day and new years day... it is a 4 block walk to either times square and a subway station. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 17 2006	Not too bad at all!	Needing a night in NYC while en route to Bangkok, I decided to go basic at The Americana Inn. I'm happy to report no problems at all.Tiny but comfortable room, and well heated in the grip of a cold snap.Walking distance to Grand Central, Times Square and more.As I had litte contact with the staff, I can't comment.However, for a short stay in a great location, The Americana is more than okay.	
Jan 10 2006	You Pay For What You Get	I dont know what the people are complaining about in the previous write ups about this hotel. firstly what do you expect for the price you paid? Where else would you find a clean comfortable place to stay at those prices. You were near all the main attractions what more do you want. Get real and get a life!!We stayed at the begining of dec 05 and found the place excellent and clean. OK it wasnt the Savoy, but I wasnt paying top hotel prices either. I guess that those who wrote the negative reports about the place are natural moaning people who wouldn't be happy were they stayed.If you want good, cheap accommodation with FRIENDLY staff then this is the place to be	
Jan 10 2006	Perfect Place To Stay!	Having just read the two bad reviews on this site i can say that for a buget trip with no frills it is PERFECT! Me and my friend went to new york for the first time in Nov. We wanted somewhere clean safe and centrally located for visiting all the sights. The Americana was perfect for this. After all we were only in our rooms at night and out exploring all day. The room we stayed in was clean and tidy and although we had to share bathrooms you never had to wait as there are a few on each floor, one next door in fact. The location was ideal, you step outside and you are in the centre of all the Sights with the empire state only round the corner. If you want to go to new york and want somewhere clean, safe and certrally located and dont want to pay the earth for a room you will only sleep in i would recommend it. I would definately stay here again!	
Jan 5 2006	This Place is Awful	This is the worst place I have ever stayed in. Firstly they cocked up our booking for 3 nights by saying we only booked for 2, even though we phoned 3 times in advance to double-check. The guy behind the reception desk just smiled at us with laughter in his eyes and said that we had made the mistake and its our tough luck that they are now fully booked!! After checking in to our room we realised how bad the place really was. No carpet on the floor, blazing heat or extremely noisey air con unit - either way a bad nights sleep. I can honestly say - AVOID AT ALL COST.	
Jan 2 2006	Do not stay here if you want to sleep!	This place is awful, more like a hostel than a hotel. Ok, it is clean, cheap and central but it is cheap for a reason. On arrival, you go up to the first floor to reception which is staffed by an unsmiling guy who could barely speak English. We got to our room on the 4th floor and were convinced the window was open as all we could hear was the noise of the traffic outside. Unfortunately for us, the window was closed it was just very ineffective which led to a very bad night's sleep. As if the noise wasn't bad enough, the room was TINY - just enough room for the double bed and sink. The bathrooms were clean but the reality of sharing bathrooms really makes you appreciate having an ensuite. We checked out the next day and found a much better hotel called the Pickwick Arms. It is currently being renovated so make sure you get one of the newer rooms which are at the top. We stayed in the 12th floor in a modern room with all facilities and a balcony for only a bit more than the Americana.	
Dec 31 2005 	Perfect Hotel Perfect Location	Excellent hotel. All the reviews say the same, excellent. If you find fault with this hotel for any reason, other than the cable stations which are limited, you should be staying at the Waldorf. In New York City this price usually gets you many many things, mostly bugs. This hotel is clean, clean, clean. Thanks guys.	
Dec 29 2005	Excellent location	I stayed at the Americana Inn on a recent visit to New York after reading positive reviews on TripAdvisor and I was not disappointed. I travelled to New York with my boyfriend and we are both young graduates so are used to University style accomodation which is what the Americana reminded us of. It was filled with young travellers from all over the world and yet was spotlessly clean all the time. We saw the cleaners everyday and our rooms were made over with fresh towels daily. The shared bathrooms were also very clean and plentiful. There was always a spare bathroom on the floor even if the one directly attributed to your room wasn't available. Most importantly the location of the hotel is fabulous! If you leave the hotel and walk a few streets down you will be in Herald Square, home of Macys. A few streets up and an avenue across and you are in Times Square! The Empire State Building and Madison Square Garden are less than ten minutes away. I cannot stress how good the location of this hotel is. This trip was my second visit to New York and was much improved by the change of hotel from the Habitat to the Americana Inn. I am sure there might be people who find this hotel too basic or disapprove of the magnolia walls, but for people on a budget who still want to stay in a safe, good hotel this is an excellent choice. However if you are a light sleeper you may want to try and request a room a few floors up or at the back of the hotel as we had a first floor room overlooking the street and it was very noisy from 7am, with the endless plod of business men and women on their way to work and the ceaseless traffic.I would definitely stay at this hotel again, the room I requested cost around £57 a night (for the room, not p/p) and was the cheapest hotel I could find in the centre of New York that didn't have tales of mice &amp; rats!!	
Dec 27 2005	Excelent stay thanks to Americana	I spent a week in NY from Dec 15-22 and could not have found a better deal. I booked the room several months ago for $65 a night. The staff was very helpful. I had to extend my stay by one night and there was no problem and even kept the same rate. I ended up having to check out a day early in the long run because of the transit strike and they let me pay half for that day which was really nice of them. Room was much smaller than expected, but like others mentioned, you don't come here to stay in your room. Everything you need is right around the corner. Warm rooms and clean bathrooms. Note that if you drive an SUV like I did, expext to pay $25 more a day for parking. I paid $45 total a day which was unexpected. I drove from Florida and it was a great trip. THANKS!	
Dec 21 2005	Just Great!	I booked this hotel through Cheaptickets back several months ago. I booked it for $65.00 a night. This was for 1 person for one twin bed. I booked it with a little fear only because I'd never stayed some place with a &quot;shared bath&quot;. Let me say that for the money, this place was great. The location couldn't have been better. Just about 4 blocks from the subway and right in the heart of Manhattan. The room was VERY small, but clean. I don't go to NY to sit in the room. I basically wanted a clean place to sleep and clean up. I spent all my time going all over the city doing the tourist thing. The staff at the desk were very nice. I plan on using this hotel again.	
Dec 21 2005	Small but excellent value and location.........	I was a bit concerned at shared facilities as I have never done that. Booked a sinlge room which was small but clean. The bathrooms were plenty and clean all the time so no need to worry. The lift stops at recption on the way up which is a good secuirty measure. Fantastic location in Bryant Park area around the corner from Times Square.If you want to have somewhere to put your head down for a few hours , drop the shopping off and live out the ride that is NYC then this is the place.For the location and price I would stay again in an instant.Many thanksPerry - London - England.	
Dec 19 2005	I wouldnt recommend if you are picky and want a Guaranteed Price	Confirmed the room in August and told $95 a night, next time we called to confirm it went up to 105 and $125 a night (we stayed 2 nights), so when we get there on the 10th, we are told $267.77, when we check out on the 12th, we paid $290.00. The price kept going up regardless of being told $95 a night back in August even with a CONFIRIMATION which we booked back on August 29th!. So we were charged $290.00 vs. the $206.15 originally quoted in August! Then, when we get there, there were NO ice machines. Hotel was clean and smelled fresh, Ill give them that, rooms were small, but hey, you go there to tour not to stay in the room, so that was fine. Biggest complaint? the price kept going up and no ice machines, plus elevator was VERY SMALL. If there are two of you and two bags, you wont fit and need to go one at a time, its very small. No alarm clock in room or coffee maker as indicated, public bathrooms were clean and we didnt have to wait long so that part was okay. Very convenient to all attractions but if I had my choice Id stay at the New Yorker again for almost the same price. We booked Americana to save but in the end they will sucker you in once you are there and the price sky-rockets anyhow, get the better hotel in that case, avoid this dive. Would not recommend.	
Dec 11 2005	Spot on	I stayed here with a friend for 4 nights in December. The location of the hotel is perfect. Although the rooms are a bit small and a bit shabby they are clean and warm and we got a good nights sleep each night. The shared bathrooms never presented a problem and all in all it was excellent value for money.	
Nov 22 2005	Fantastic Value Staff 	I have just returned from spending five nights in this hotel and I have to say that I really enjoyed my stay. The rooms are tidy, compact, clean and tidy. The maids and other hotel staff are nothing but helpful. the location is ideal it is located in the heart of Manhatten. It is a five minute walk to Times Square and the famous Macys store. Shops all around for the mad shoppper like myself and 24 hour grocery stores across the road. There is everything within walking distance from McDonalds to very nice restaurents. if you want a budget hotel that is well maintained and well staffed with friendly people this is the place to be. I am sure like me you will spend very little time in the hotel anyway however you need not worry as I highly recommend it. You do have to share a bathroom however. The hotel was full when I was there and I never had a problem gaining access to the shower/bath or toilet as there is a number of them on each floor basically beside your bedroom door anyway. This really is an affordable hotel in the heart of the city that never sleeps and i hope that you enjoy your stay as much as me and my three friends did. A big thankyou to all the staff for a warm welcome and plenty of help especially in regards to directions.	
Nov 17 2005	Good Value	Me and my boyfriend stayed in Americana Inn on Nov 07 for 3 nights. Everything was ok, the location is VERY GOOD and share the bathrooms was not a problem because they were always clean. The bedroom was litle and a bit noisy, but clean (we just use it to sleep) and okay to rest at the end of the day. I would come back to this hotel.	
Nov 14 2005	Nice Clean and Inexpensive	I visit NYC often and everytime I stay over, I stay at the Americana Hotel. The Americana hotel is an inexpensive and clean hotel if you do not want to spend a lot of money on hotel. When I go to NYC, most of my time is spent shopping and touring the city. therefore, I am not in the room a lot. However, the rooms are nice and clean. I've never had any problems staying at the Americana, and I encourage everyone to try it out. Since I am very particular about where I stay and sleep, I can say that I do bring my own blanket and sheets when I can.	
Nov 9 2005	Don't risk it!	As a single female traveller visiting NY, I reserved my room in the Americana Inn back in January 2005 for a stay in November 2005 for the marathon. I was horrifed after getting off an 8 hour flight from the UK to be told there had been a mix up and there was no room for me - not for that that night or the 4 others that I had reserved. It did not matter that I had confirmation details and a booking reference (in a printed email) that I had received directly from the hotel. The excuse I was given was that they use lots of companies to book rooms at the Inn - although I booked mine directly through the Americana Inn website. A guest who was checking out in reception told me I was one of fifteen to be turned away that day. I had extreme difficulty finding a room to stay in as it was the marathon weekend yet finally a kind concierge at the Crowne Plaza found me a room at a nearby hotel which was accommodating and felt safe a for single female traveller. This ended up costing me dramatically more than the Americana Inn (who refused to pay the difference) but it was a necessary expense as I had made the trip especially for the marathon.It doesn't seem to matter if you have reservations and printed confirmations - this stands for nothing. I would avoid the Americana Inn at all costs. To add salt to the wound, I have just received an email from the Americana Inn asking if I enjoyed my stay...I'll be forwarding them a link to this.Emma,UK	
Nov 8 2005	Perfect location very clean tidy and welcoming.	My husband and I stayed here and was pleasantly surprised. I had worried about the shared bathroom, but there were at least three per floor and they were spotlessly clean as was the room. The whole hotel was safe and secure. You have to ring the button to be admitted and the lobby is on the second floor, with full CCTV cameras.The room was basic, bed, wardrobe, tv and sink, but you don't go to New York to stay in your room!! It was clean, tidy and above all a great price.We were amazed at how near we were to The Empire state building, Macys is a few blocks down and Times square and Broadway very close indeed!My husband and I would recommend this hotel for it's great value for money and location. We will certainly be going back next time we visit NY!	
Nov 4 2005	Excellent value	There are better hotels than this but not for the price.People have had a few minor complaints about this hotel but what do you expect for the price in New York.The Americana is in a fantastic location and I found the staff to be extremely helpful. Yes it is noisey and even though I am a light sleeper, I only needed the ear plugs twice as I was absolutely shattered after all the walking so slept like a log.We didn't have to book out until noon and we had a late flight back to the UK. We were able to store our luggage in a locked cupboard while we did our last bits of shopping.Great place and location if you just want to get your head down and spend the money you have saved on the luxuries such as the helicoptor flight which is well worth it.The bathrooms were always clean and yes sometimes left slightly messey by the person who had used it before but the cleaners can't be expected to clean the bathrooms after everytime they are used.We went across the road to the Blimpies Deli for breakfast at $2.70 plus tip. Many people have stated New York is expensive. It is if you go to the wrong places. I brought back $1400 and still had a great time squeezing in two helicopter flight tickets, a NY Yankees jacket, Empire State Building twice and many other attractions.Last thing, don't miss the Carneigie Deli 7th Ave, 54th St. - AwesomeI will definitely use the Americana again.	
Nov 1 2005	Good Location/Inexpensive	For $99 you can't go wrong. The place seemed safe, they buzzyou in. The rooms are very small. This is a good place for frugal travellers who don't want the flophouse ambiance. My 4 year oldand I stayed here and spent little time in the room. Not having yourown bathroom is sort of a pain but we managed OK. The locationis great(except for the adult bookstore up the street). It is very close to the subway, Bryant Park, Herald Sq, Times Sq. and the Madison Square Garden. I would stay here again if I was nottravelling with the misses. She would prefer and in-room loo.	
Oct 31 2005	Dirty sheets	I'm quite amazed that this hotel received such great reviews. I stayed here for 6 nights. I did pay $95 a night though, not including tax, so perhaps if I had paid less it would have been a better deal.What's great about the hotel is its location. You can easily walk to Times Square, just a few blocks away, and the whole 5th Avenue shopping area.The shared bathrooms were usually clean, except for first thing in the morning where the person before me would leave everything dirty.The room was pretty clean, apart from the dirty bedsheets. It looked like they had been washed, but still had lots of old stains. Most hotels would throw out sheets in this condition, not continue to give their guests disgusting old dirty sheets.The staff were also quite strange and unable to speak English. I asked for a wake-up call, and had to repeat myself several times before they even understood what I was saying. Then they ended up calling the wrong room -I heard the phone ringing in the room next door at the time I had requested the call!When considering a shared bathroom, it's not just cleanliness, but convenience that you should consider. It's pretty inconvenient if you need to use the toilet at night. I was on the 5th floor, and there were 3 bathrooms. They were probably already occupied about twice the whole time I was there, but were free about 5 minutes later.The air conditioner in the room was good.The dirty sheets really put me off and marred the rest of my experience with this hotel! Feel free to email me if you have any questions.	
Oct 24 2005	Fantastic value great hotel!!	Just thought id drop a line to again copy whats already been said about this hotel, we read this sites review before booking our stay in the Americana Inn, and all i can say is i was very impressed with the quality of hotel for price we paid!!! Great central location one block from Empire State, two blocks from Macys, and a ten mintue walk at max. into Times Square, the hotel its self was very clean, no problems with shared bathrooms always clean and never had to wait for one approx. 5 bathrooms per floor with maybe 10 bedrooms per floor, rooms small but for the amount of time you spend in your hotel room more than ample and comfortable. Street noise is quite loud, so little sleepers may require earplugs. Hotel staff was always friendly and happy to help, but dont expect 24hr room service because its not that type of hotel. Anyway id happily recommend this hotel to friends and family and would definately stay there again if i ever visit NEW YORK again!!	
Sep 24 2005	Excellent value	This review is really just to echo what has already been said about this hotel. We only wanted somewhere clean and secure to crash at the end of the day. Great location, small but very clean rooms, no problems with shared bathrooms which are also very clean, don't come here if you want 24 hour room service and staff on hand to meet your every need. My only warning would be to light sleepers - the AC in our room was loud (but worked) and there is street noise 24 hours a day (you ARE in New York). We paid under £200 for 3 nights - which in central Manhattan is great value. I would stay here again.	
Sep 12 2005	Clean nice and very cheap!I loved it!	I stayed at Americana Inn in August. This hotel is very nice and comfortable. The rooms are small but very clean. Also bathrooms, that are in common with other rooms, are very clean!!!Incredible!I think they wash them many times a day. Every room has tv and air condition (in August it's necessary!). Americana Inn is in a very central position, it's near Empire State building and 5 minute walk from Times Square and Grand Central Station. I visited Manhattan by walk from this hotel. It is very convenient and the room price is cheap.	
Sep 10 2005	content at the Americana	The Americana Inn was a small but nice hotel to stay in in New York City. I am a student on a budget travelling with a friend and we just wanted to see the sites of the city and have a place to crash at the end of the day. While it was small and simple, it was just what we needed. The hotel is within 5 blocks of Times Square and very convienent for the Subway. The rooms were very small, but the floors were clean and the beds were comfortable. Also, if you are weary about shared bathrooms, don't be. The bathrooms were very well taken care of.If you plan on staying in The Americana Inn, bring your own shampoo and washcloth. The hotel does supply towels and soap, but washcloths and little shampoos are not included.	
Sep 2 2005	Americana Inn	I LOVED the Americana Inn:-1 - The rooms whilst sparce and on the small side are well maintained and very clean (a welcome basket with towels, soaps, plastic cups etc. are placed in every room and mine was &quot;topped up&quot; daily).2 - The shared bathrooms are also very clean and I never had a problem with one being occupied when I needed it.3 - Security is also very good as you need to be &quot;buzzed&quot; in from the street. The lift always stops at the 2nd floor reception (this can be a bit tedious) and if using the stairs you walk through the 2nd floor reception area.4 - The location is excellent as the Empire State Building, Times Square and many more &quot;must sees&quot; are only a short distance away (a 2 minute walk to the subway station at Bryant Park and a single train journey later I was enjoying the sights at Coney Island).5 - The staff are friendly and helpful and nothing seemed like too much trouble (they even looked after my suitcase and hand luggage after I had checked out, so that I could do some last minute shopping - they didn't charge for this).If you are wanting luxury the Americana Inn is not for you - if you want a clean, safe room in a decent location and for a decent price then you will not be disappointed.The Americana Inn will be my choice for the next visit I make to NYC.	
Aug 30 2005	Perfect!	I stayed in a single room in the American Inn from 22 August 2005.The room had enough space and a comfortable bed. There was TV with 25 channels.The room, also the bathroom, were very clean. Bathroom was cleaned a few times a day.I can highly recommend this hotel!!The hotel is located between Times Square and Empire State Building - perfect.	
Aug 28 2005	Fantastic	We had booked a room with a shared bathroom and expected that to be bad but there were five or so bathrooms on each floor with one outside our room so was no problem. The rooms were small but and basic but did the job and were cleaned daily. TV was not really working but the location made up for all these minor issues. 6 blocks from the state building, 4 or 5 from times sq, 2 from new york library, made seeing everything very easy.All in all enjoyed our stay here greatly.	
Aug 25 2005	Great location and good service	Was there for 3 nights just this summer and it was MUCH better than the ones i've stayed at. Wasn't the cheapest ard but i would say the most value for money accomodation ard. The reception quoted us $110 for a pte room and also was willing to give us a $5 disc for each night. A tad higher than the usual $99 budget hotels but considering the location, it's worth. about 4 streets away from Times SQ and Subway. Along the shopping district as well! Rooms are reasonably furnished and clean. Reception was helpful and friendly. The common toilets are also well cleaned! Sinks in each room so that helps a little.:) Oh yes, don't take the suttle bus service they offer for Air Shuttle though cos it's $19 when u call directly but the hotel charges $20 if u book through them. OR get those coupons they have in those touristy books for AirLink. I paid $17 for one way from Americana Inn to JFK. I recommend this place if u are looking for a budget hotel, comfortable, convenient and clean. :)	
Aug 2 2005	Small but clean.	Very central location. Had a good experience here. Room was tiny for 2 people but it was clean. The shared bathroom although inconvienient was no problem. They were private with bath/shower and only for one person at a time. The staff hardly acknowledged out existance and spoke only to us on check in/out. Great if you are on budget and want location.	
Jul 22 2005	Excellent!!!!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel last week during our trip to NYC. We only stayed there for 4 nights. Price: VERY GOOD!! I booked online on their own website. It was only $399 USD for the whole for nites (this includes taxes). Rooms &amp; cleaniness: Very clean. White walls and light green accents. The room was a little small, but still enough to fit 2 suitcases flat on the ground. There was a sink in the room. Towels were ok, but we brought our own anyways. Our room faced the street, no disturbances, just ocassional police sirens. Bathroom: very clean. Even though we needed to share the baths, I never had to wait once. There's 3 bathrooms on my floor (3rd floor).Service: We kept the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign out all the time. But, the front desk was very helpful. He suggested the &quot;airport shuttle&quot; back to the airport when we left. $20/person. Safety: Very safe! You have to get buzzed in 2 doors on the 1st floor. The front desk is on the second floor. When you go up the stairs, you must pass by the front desk before you go up. The elevator always stops on the 2nd floor. So, I felt it was very safe.Location: &quot;location! location! location!&quot; VERY GOOD!!! It's very close to times square. 6th ave &amp; 38th street. Close by to many things. Even if you take the taxi, it's good price. For the price, I totally recommed this hotel. Spend your money on other things (food is SO expensive!!). But, keeping in mind, you just want a clean, safe, and close to town place to sleep. Not all the &quot;extra-services.&quot;	
Jul 21 2005	AMAZING hotel for the price	OK, the rooms are small. OK, there's street noise from 6th Avenue. OK, the bathrooms aren't vented and get a little humid.Now tell me how it is possible to pay $65 per night in midtown Manhattan and stay in a spotlessly clean, very secure, and courteously staffed hotel anywhere else. It isn't.I am quite literally still stunned by the Americana. The price, as NYC rates go, is unheard of. And for this ridiculous sum I had a comfortable, small, immaculate room, nice and cool in the worst of the July heat this year. I've paid several hundred per night at more fashionable places, and for the difference I got a lot of cable channels I never watched. My only fear is that the Americana changes hands. Trust me, guys, this is good little hotel. At the prices they charge, this is an ASTOUNDING little hotel.	
Jul 20 2005	Fantastic Value for Money!	I recently stayed at the 'Americana Inn' for 10 nights during my big trip to NYC! This place is fantastic for the price you pay! Okay, it's not luxurious but if you'd rather spend your money on entertainment this is perfect! The hotel is slap bang in the middle of Manhattan; walk out of the hotel and on your left is Fifth Avenue (about four blocks from the Empire State Building which is about a ten minute walk - if that - and in the opposite direction four blocks to Grand Central) - on your right is Sixth avenue and Broadway (A few short blocks to Times Square also). So location is perfect! Yes, the rooms are small but they are perfectly liveable and very very clean! We had a double bed which was so comfy (perfect for a good nights sleep after all the walking we did) - sheets were changed everyday (if you put your sign for house keeping out) and a lovely little towel basket fresh each day with clean towels, soap and some plastic drinking cups. We had a telly with plenty of TV channels and a chest of drawers. In the corner of the room was a cupboard for hanging clothes and storing suitcases. Every room has air conditioning which is such a relief in this very sticky city! Each floor has a little kitchen (no utensils though) so if you bring or buy stuff you can make yourself food or drinks (I have to admit we ate out every night so didn't use this facility). I was worried about the shared bathrooms but needn't have been! They were kept very clean and we only had to wait once or twice the whole time we were there. There are about four to every floor. They were constantly supplied with toilet roll and the shower was clean and warm. We were on the fifth floor at the back of the hotel so we didn't suffer form much noise disturbance so I can't comment on that but if you ask reception for a room at the back they will happily provide. The guys on reception were friendly and helpful and booked our shuttle bus back to the airport for us. The only annoying things about the hotel are: 1. The lift stops at the 2nd floor every time (this is because reception is on the 2nd floor and they don't want new guests getting lost on other floors looking for the reception so in a way it's a good thing) 2. The hotel communal areas such as hallways and lobby are very very warm! But once you're in your room with the air conditioning it's cool and refreshing so only a minor minor complaint! So all in all, I would recommend this hotel to anyone (so long as though don't want shag pile carpets and large spacious suites). It is perfect for the price, in an ideal location, comfy and above all, VERY CLEAN! (I forgot to mention it was recently painted so they obviously take care of their hotel). On my next trip to NYC I will be booking in at the Americana Inn without a doubt!	
Jul 13 2005	Excellent value for money - highly recommended	My girlfriend and I stayed in Americana Inn for 3 nights in July.We had read the reviews on Tripadvisor, so we were aware of the street noise, and the shared rest rooms in the hall before we arrived.We did not have too high expectations, but Americana Inn was a pleasant surprise - much better than hoped for. The room was spotlessly clean (newly painted, I think?), the bed was great, daily maid-service and fresh towels, a TV set (which we did not use), air-conditioning worked perfectly - all that we wanted.I found the staff to be very helpful - the safety box was free to use and they gave good advice as to directions etc. The location could not have been more central and the neighborhood seemed safe enough. Street noise, yes, especially on the 2nd floor where we stayed, but it was just cars going by continuously - it was more of a background noise and it does not disturb your sleep, but bring earplugs, just in case!Yes, you do have to share the (nice and clean) restrooms and showers with others, but we never experienced any waiting. We would have preferred our own restroom and shower, naturally, but that would have cost quite a lot extra (see e.g. the prices on the hotel Belvedere which we also considered) - and it really was not that big a deal to share.In other words, we found the hotel to be a good bargain - what we saved on the hotel price easily paid for all our meals, entrance fees and transportation during our stay in New York.We booked the room through the official website for Americana Inn New York, found via Google.We recommend it highly to anyone travelling on a budget!	
Jul 13 2005	Nice place good value	We paid USD85 per night and stayed from July 02-05. It was good value considering the location which is near to Time Square and 4 blocks away from Subway and the Empire State Building.Room is small and if you have 2 large suitcases, only one can be opened for packing at anyone time. However the room is very clean and the shared bathroom are modern and 'dry'. We realised that there are quite a number of repeated guests and some of them have already stayed there more than twice.The staff there is quite all right except that you can't get much information from them. A better choice will be the information centre at Time Square.Will definitely recommend this place for budget-conscious travellers.	
Jun 29 2005	really basic but if you want cheap it's basically okay	If you want a reasonably clean, safe, and quiet hotel room in midtown Manhattan for $80 then you don't have a lot of choices. This place will do, but you should know what you are getting into.It's located in a light industrial area, which is mildly interesting but not very convenient. It's four blocks from the nearest subway station, but six blocks from numerous different subway lines, especially at Times Square (42nd St and 7th Ave, walk along Broadway). It's just busy enough at night not to feel deserted, without being busy enough to overwhelm you with noise. You have to get buzzed in, the hotel lobby is on the second floor, and you'll be talking to the desk clerk through glass. Rooms are quite small and really basic. Mine had a TV and air conditioner but no refrigerator (fine with me). I had a shared bathroom (don't know if other rooms have their own bathrooms), but it was fine. The building is old, but then lots of expensive hotels on the east coast are in old buildings, and the general atmosphere is not especially shabby. Bring shampoo, and while they've got towels you might feel more homey if you bring a towel too. They've got an Internet connection and a coke machine, and there was a door labeled &quot;kitchen&quot; that I didn't investigate, but that's about it for the hotel facilities. The people behind the desk seemed basically fine, scarcely enthusiastic about their jobs but not at all difficult. The maids seemed cheerful but I kept the &quot;stay out&quot; sign on my door so I don't know much more.I did have one untoward experience when I first arrived. The guy assigned me to a room right nearby the lobby. It was okay, I guess, except that the towels were small and gross and, oh man!, had a roach crawling on them. I told this to the guy behind the desk, who seemed mildly surprised and concerned and without hassle got me a different room, which however backed up against the first and shared a wall with the bathroom. I was uncomfortable about this, but I got used to it and it worked out fine. I think next time I'm traveling to New York I will conduct a fresh round of research about my cheap Manhattan hotel options, but it will not surprise me if I conclude that, roach notwithstanding, Americana Inn is still my most plausible choice.	
Jun 28 2005	Excellent value	Stayed at the Americana 3 nights in late May.  Very small room but big enough to sleep in. Sink and tv in room, Very nice touches such as beautifully folded towel basket. Room and bathrooms were IMMACULATE and kept that way. Hotel smelled nice too.  I would stay there again and have recommended it to friends from Ecuador travelling in July. Excellent location, very secure. Pleasant and informative management to an ex-pat New Yorker (me)!clovers@aol.com	
Jun 23 2005	Not the best but far from the worst	We have just returned from America, and while this wasn't the best place we stayed it was very reasonable. The hotel is clean and has a lift unlike some of the other places we stayed, yes it is annoying that the lift stops on the first floor every time but it's not the end of the world! We received fresh towels and had our beds made every day, and during a weeks stay we only had a problem once with getting a bathroom. Initially a concern of mine, the bathrooms are kept very clean and are quite modern, the showers were amongst the best we used during our travels. The TV was OK, not loads of channels but enough to occupy yourself for the limited time you spend in your rooms. The room we stayed in was quite small and we did have to sit on the end of the bed to use the sink, but it was nice to have a private sink so when you weigh it up it is worth it. We just about had enough room to keep our cases open while we were there, and there was a decent sized chest of drawers and cupboard. Internet access was good, $1 for ten minutes which is cheap compared to some places, and there was also a drinks machine. Our room was a good temperature, though it wasn't hot while we stayed there so I don't know whether it would normally have been too hot. The air conditioning seemed quite effective anyway. The staff didn't seem to know much about New York in general when we asked them a few things, but there are loads of leaflets available in reception in which most of our questions were answered. The subway was pretty close, only about two blocks away and we found this the best way to get around if places were too far to walk, though you do need to make sure you have your dollar bills ready. Overall, I would recommend this place to people travelling on a budget - yes we would all like to stay somewhere a bit grander like the hotels you will see in Times Square but it's not always realistic!	
Jun 16 2005	Excellent price!	Yes, the room was tiny. The sink was right next your bed. I had to sit down on the bed to brush my teeth. But, hey! The room was clean and my boyfriend and me just needed a place to sleep and shower. We stayed here from 28th of May till 4th of June. No complaints.Shared bathrooms weren't so bad as I thought it would be. The hotel staff kept it very clean.New York is expensive enough, go to the Americana Inn and spent the rest of your money on shopping! Like I did!	
May 30 2005	Great Location	Stopped here for two nights and was sad to leave. Great hotel if you are looking for somewhere cheap and clean to stay. I travelled there by public transport from the airport with no problems. I was travelling on my own and felt completely safe. I was worried about the shared bathrooms but don't, they were clean and there was plenty of them. The hotel was close to Time Square. Which ever direction you went from the hotel there was loads to see. The hotel also had internet so you can e mail friends of your trip!As it is so central the road noise at night is simular to the day time, but i didn't find this to be a problem.	
May 19 2005	Cental Location Great Value	Stayed for 4 nights in early May 2005.Good central location for exploring the city only 4 blocks south of Times Square &amp; walking distance to Macys.Room was small but clean &amp; tidy.My only concern before my stay was sharing of bathroom / restroom facilities (approximately one to every 4 bedrooms). However, this was no problem I was never left waiting!Great value for money for such a central location as you could easily spend 3 to 4 times this!I would recommend this hotel for any budget traveller.	
May 14 2005	Great Place .. Would love to stay again!!!	Great place...Stayed with my husdband for two nights...Bathroons never occupied...Room small but clean and neat...Great price and Great location...Friendly staff...Close to almost everything...Highly Recommended!!!	
May 10 2005	Value for money	I stayed in a single room at the Americana Inn for three nights in May. There are of course no frills, but the room as well as the restrooms and bathrooms (I never had to wait to use them) were clean and perfectly liveable. The location, just between Herald Square and Times Square is perfect for anyone who likes to walk around. I used my feet to get from and to the airport bus. To get a really comfortable hotel in NYC, you have to pay three or four times what I paid here. This time I used my dollars for shopping and didn't miss a street level lobby and things like that.I recommend it!Ulf J	
Apr 27 2005	Good value budget hotel	We stayed there a weekend 22-25 April - 3rd floor. Room: Room small but sufficient; there was a small sink in the room, closet and set of drawers for clothes. The toilet and shower are common but were clean. TV also in the room.Hotel situated within walking distance of Times Square so good location for shows and restaurants; a little far from a subway especially if have a lot of luggage. We got a taxi to Penn Station which costs about 5 dollars; it is from Penn St that you get the connection to the main airports (JFK &amp; Newark).Towels were changed daily. The bed was comfortable. Staff at the reception were very friendly and efficient. Street noisy - but if you have been walking the pavement all day as we were you just crash out anyway. Earplugs are a good idea - ask for a room at the back - I think there are some. The lift always stops at the 2nd floor on the way up and down - probably for security reasons. Overall a good value hotel.	
Apr 17 2005	Wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	Situated right next to 6th Avenue, Macy's, The Empire State Building, 5th Avenue and Times Square are minutes away. There's deli's and restaurants and bars around if you don't want to go too far and late night wandering felt safe and sound. The rooms and communal restrooms were kept clean and tidy, the beds were made up and clean towels provided. Checking in and out was no problem and they can lock away your bags if you check out and don't have to set off straight away. If you want luxury then pay the price and go elsewhere, but if you are on a budget and want a clean, central and friendly place to stay the look no further.	
Mar 14 2005	Good and reliable buget option	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Americana Inn for 3 nights at the beginning of March 2005. We had a twin room on the 4th floor which was facing the street, about 3 doors away from the elevator.The room was small, with two beds divided by a dresser and a TV on a stand at the foot of the beds. There was a small sink with a mirrored cabinet over it, and there was also a closet with enough space to store our two large suitcases and a rack to hang up our clothes. There was only just enough space for us to walk sideways around the beds, so as everyone has mentioned, the room is a pretty tight squeeze. The power switch for the TV was missing, so we didn't get to enjoy the apparent lack of channels, but we didn't bother complaining because we weren't in the room for long during our stay.As opposed to an earlier post, there are more than 2 bathrooms on each floor - ours had four bathrooms. Each one was shared between about 4 rooms, but we never had a problem with finding it occupied and they were always clean, even after being used by other guests. On our second day though, there was no hot water in the showers.Our towels were changed daily, and they weren't stingy with them because we recieved 2 large towels as well as 4 smaller ones each day.The beds were comfortable, and the blankets were interesting...something that felt nice and soft on the top, but strangely rubbery underneath....Staff at the reception were very friendly and efficient. They asked if we wanted them to arrange transport to the airport, but since we had already booked, they arranged a wake up call for us which was very helpful.The noise from the street can be a problem. The room was quite hot the first night, so we had to have the window opened. The noise from the traffic is continous, so if you're a light sleeper, bring earplugs or get a room facing the back.And now I come to the elevator - my arch nemesis. When taking the elevator up and down, it will always stop on the first floor, where it will open so that the person in reception can see who it is. Afterwards, you can ride the elevator to where you want to go. Now, every time the door opens and closes, and every time it passes each floor during each ride, it pings about three times. If you have a room near the elevator - beware. This noise could very well drive you insane.The hotel is in a great location, close to the subway, ESB, Grand Central St and Times Square. We always felt safe when walking back at night, and there are always other people around.This hotel is good value for money, and while there were a few minor problems, it is still a good choice for budget travellers.	
Feb 20 2005	Great Value	We have just returned from staying seven nights in this hotel and all in all, it was great value for money. Don't expect the Ritz, but if you want a clean, centrally located hotel on a budget, then this is the place for you.The sheets and towels were changed daily. The room was small but clean and simple. Only a few channels were available on the television but if you are going to spend time in New York, why watch the tv anyway? As stated, there are communal bathrooms but they were clean and we never had a problem with rushes or unavailability.If you simply want to use this place as a simple base for exploring around, then its perfect. If you want luxuries, pay a lot more and stay in another up the street. But seeing as Times Square, Empire State, Port Authority and all other attractions are a stone throw away, it was perfect for us. This hotel has the world's slowest elevator!! So take a book when going up a couple floors!! No, honestly, it was great value and I would highly recommend this hotel to future no frills and budget travellers to NYC.	
Feb 18 2005	excellent value	I stayed in the Americana Inn with a friend for 5 nights in early February. We had booked a twin room. It was compact in size but very clean with daily maid service. Our only issue was the traffic noise at night as the room was situated at the corner of the building between 31st and 5th. We were assigned to a different room on request, which, while not quiet was considerably less noisy. The staff were efficient and friendly throughout our stay and recommended the supershuttle bus service for transport to JFK on our departure which cost $20 each door to door. This is a no frills establishment which is well run, clean and safe and represents excellent value for money. I would recommend it to budget travellers, especially those travelling on their own as the &quot;buzz to enter&quot; system was a welcome security feature. The hotel was well located within 10 minutes walking distance of the Theatre District and Times Square and within easy access of the Metro System.	
Feb 15 2005	Cock Roach City	This is the dump of all dumps. The room was so small you could only get up when you needed to leave the room. The tv was ghetto as hell and only had a few channels.They say they have cable tv, but only a few channels come in. There isn't a shower in your room and they only have 2 showers on each floor.Not to mention they only provide 1 towel for your stay.The worst part of all was the cockroach.I kid you not I had a cockroach roaming near my bed. This was the nastiest little thing I've ever seen. Fortunately I had my shoe nearby and wacked the creature out of its misery.	
Feb 14 2005	Great Value	This place was just right! I stayed with a friend on our first visits to America last October. We needed:a twin room;as central as possible;clean;warm;safe;hot water;no roaches;and at a decent price.And this is the place!Yes, the rooms are small and spartan, and you'll need earplugs to kill the traffic noise at night. But if your criteria are the same as mine were, Americana Inn is tremendous value.	
Jan 22 2005	Great Value for money	Spent 3 nights at this Hotel during Thanksgiving Novemember 2004. Shared a triple room with my daughter, so plenty of space, although noisy would recommend to anyone. Staff very helpful and felt safe. Also well positioned for the main sights. U.K. visitors.	
Jan 16 2005	What A Bargin....	I must say I was a little concerned about a Hotel for this price in Mid Town Manhatten, it seems to good to be true. But Trust me when I say everything is on your doorstep. The Hotel staff are not rude like some people have stated, they have limited English, but try and help where possible. The rooms are small, but they are clean and tidy, and the shared Bathroom which was a concern for both me and my girlfriend was nothing to worry about, we never had to wait to use one, and when we had to it seemed not to have been used that day!We stayed at the Americana for 6 nights in November 2004, there was just the two of us, and we were only in the Hotel to clean up and sleep! So for this purpose it was a really good deal. Look around on the Net as you can get rooms for different rates at various sites, we booked through --------------------------------- and we had a double room for $65.00 a night! With the UK exchange rate with the Dollar so good at the time (and still is) what a bargin!!!The Location as I said is Great, Times Square, Macy's, The Empire State Building, and all the other Mid Town attractions are all steps away, 5 mins in any direction and your in the hussel and bussel of New York! If you want a good tip there is a fruit seller on West 38th Street (Strait outside the Hotels door) They put together Fresh Fruit Boquets, and they sell Fruit Salads that are divine for really cheap, check it out!I hope people take up the option of The Americana it was a fantastic place, a real New York feel, in the middle of one of the greatest places on Earth - Do it, you will not be disapointed!	
Jan 11 2005	A great little hotel	I chose this hotel beacuse i was looking for value for money and a place with good reviews. I wasn't dissapointed! My boyfriend and i stayed at the Americana inn from the 3rd - 9th of January this year and thought the hotel was great.We thought the room was very adequate. There were no double bedrooms available the night we arrived so they apologetically offered us a room with three single beds in it and told we could have a double room the next day. The room was very big with plenty of room and a spare bed to store our belongings so we didn't bother swapping. It was very clean and warm. i must admit i was expecting worse from a hotel rated 1 and a half stars, (despite the good reviews) but it was furnished well and reminded me of a travel tavern kind of place.The staff were all very friendly, especially the cleaners who went out of their way to help us when our door wouldn't open, this was easily solved at the front desk. I must admit we felt very safe having to buzz in and having extra bolts on the door and when the batteries on our tv remote ran out the staff happily replaced them for us.It is excellently placed, literally a five minute walk from Times square and another 5 in the opposite direction for Macy's and other shops. The television had plenty of channels(about 15) and our bathroom was just outside our door meaning it was almost as good as having it in the room. We had no trouble from other guests and i never ever found anyone in the bathroom plus the shower was great - extremeley powerful! Our bedroom was made up everyday, and fresh towels and soaps etc left in a basket.Admittedly we're only in our early twenties and we haven't stayed in a lot of hotels but for someone who has big issues with cleanliness and warmth this hotel was brilliant. I can only imagine the people who gave bad reviews are used to staying in hotels witha higher star rating than this (which begs the question - why stay there in the first place?) I mean come on! Do you really need someone to carry your bags for you when there is a lift and all the rooms are close to it? The people on the front desk need to be there to let people into the hotel not worry about lazy people who can't carry their own luggage! We were always buzzed in promptly, even in the early hours of the morning.In response to reports of the rooms being too hot, i must admit it was fairly over heated but whilst we were there, there were reports of a snowstorm and i think they would have receieved a few more complaints if the rooms were too cold! We left our windows ajar in the day and then closed them at night. Even with them open it wasn't so bad, i wear ear plugs to sleep in anyway but my boyfriend had no trouble sleeping with out them. I also doubt there's a hotel in New York city that isn't noisy when you open the window!In conclusion we would DEFINITLEY stay again. it's cheap, it's close to everywhere and we loved it - enough said!	
Dec 18 2004	LOVED THE AMERICANA	I recently stayed with friend at the Americana Inn for 7 nights, the rooms were better than we expected (although we were told we would have 2 double beds and only had the one) it was a little room but it was extremely cosy, we had cable tv and the room was made up every morning when we left. The staff were all pleasant and helped if we needed it the bathrooms are shared but i never had to wait to use ours. The staff even arranged a shuttle bus back to jfk and as we checked out at 12 and didnt fly till 8 they put our luggage in the security room where they were sat. i would highly recommend this hotel for budget travellers.	
Dec 15 2004	Great Value Im going back there!	Ive just read the review below and well yes it was a bit hot and thats why you have windows, so you can open them, and as for the noise, hmm well I had a room overlooking 6th avenue and I managed to sleep like a log for 5 nights with the window open! my girlfriend didn't though, but that was my snoring!The Americana Inn first off is not a Hotel, if you have been to University (Like myself) then it is just like living in halls except theres no rowdy room guests and the only noise is the traffic. Im from the UK and it cost me for five nights, a week before Christmas £320 for two, now a hotel only one block across from us was charging almost that per night, so you get what you pay for. The money I saved I spent on clothes.The room was great, what do you want a palace, all you need is a comfortable clean place to sleep with washing facilities. The place was kept incredibly clean including all the shared bathrooms, the staff were exceptionally helpful and courteuse and I really cannot understand why the person below wrote that review.The location is fantastic, Its only about 4 blocks from Times Square, 4 from Macys and Madison Square Garden and one block down is Broadway. Theres even a great little Croissant shop that me and my girlfriend ate and had breakfast in everyday directly opposite.To summarise, its not a Hotel its like a bed and breakfast without the food, you get a great room for what you pay, you get kind and very helpful staff, its secure and the location is awesome. It maybe more suited to young travellers who are less fussy but if you like me would rather spend money on going out and shopping rather than where you stay, you have to go to the Americana Inn, and I can say hand on heart, when I go back in Summer, thats where Im going again!	
Dec 15 2004	Perfect place to stay if you're on a budget	We stayed in the Americana Inn for a week in November. The rooms were quite small but they were very clean &amp; for $75 a night, fantastic value! The bathrooms were spotless &amp; we never had to queue for one. Our room was cleaned every day &amp; clean towels were provided on a daily basis. The location was excellent &amp; we loved every minute of our stay in NY. We found the staff very friendly &amp; helpful. The only downside to our stay was the heat in our room - we had to leave our window open at night because otherwise we would have passed out! The area was pretty noisy but we were wrecked from so much walking every day that we had no problem sleeping through the city noise. I wouldn't have any hesitation recommending this hotel - if you're on a budget but looking for clean, basic, central accommodation then this is the place to stay.	
Dec 14 2004	Sleepless in the City	I just returned from a weekend in NYC. I booked the Americana b/c we were looking for something that was cheap yet had a decent review in Trip Advisor, and this seem to fit the bill excatly.Well, if sleeping in a sauna with a rock concert going on, is your idea of budget accommodation, go for it. This place was the worst. I have stayed at the West Side Y in the past and this is a much better option. The size of our room was small, that was not the issue. Our room was unbearably hot, we couldn't open the window because it was sooooo noisy outside. There was no way to turn down the heat and we spent two sleepless nights sweltering in the loudest environment imaginable. Even with the window closed, it was unbearable.If you go, pack some earplugs and a fan. My guess is that you would need to bring earplugs and two fans in the summer...	
Nov 9 2004	Comfy and clean!	We just spent the weekend in New York, and stayed one night at the Americana. Our room was small (we had a double bed) but spotlessly clean and comfortable. The shared bathrooms were also very clean, the staff was friendly and helpful -- even letting us leave our bags in the office after we checked out, so we could get lunch without having to haul luggage around -- and the hotel was very quiet. We definitely plan to go back -- it wasn't luxurious, but it made for a very pleasant and restful overnight stay!	
Nov 5 2004	Can't complain!	A friend and I spent a week here in a twin room in October 2004.On the downside:the room was small;there were none of the &quot;luxuries&quot; you'd get in a 3 or 4 star hotel;it was quite noisy (because of the location - it's in midtown Manhattan. I slept with earplugs in and after a couple of days, I didn't notice it)it was quite impersonal - I don't think I spoke to the staff all weekPositive points:the location - a couple of blocks from Times Square, the Empire State Building and walking distance from Central Park;the room was clean and we got clean towels every day;plenty of bathrooms to go around and they were kept clean;the price!!!!I have to think that anyone who complains about this hotel needs a reality check. What do they expect at this price?! Personally, I was very satisfied with the hotel. We were on a budget, not particularly bothered about luxuries and we didn't want staff that said &quot;have a nice day&quot; every few minutes. This hotel was ideal for that - it didn't blow us away but it was well worth the money.	
Sep 23 2004	Fine by me	Stayed there 6 Nights in September 2004. The staff was friendly and helpfull if you ask anything. We booked a twin room, because it seemed a little bit bigger than the other rooms. It is a small room indeed, but hey that's NY if you don't want to spend a few 100 dollars...But it was (and kept) extremely clean!, also the bathrooms were very clean. Stayed over the years in different hotels over the world, but they were not all as maintained and clean as this one. Clean towels every day. It can be a bit noisy, because you stay in Midtown, were there's always traffic, but if you're used to live in a town, it shouldn't be a problem. It's a safe place. There is internet acces in the lobby ($1 for 10 min.) , a deli around the corner, a phoneshop over the hotel. And the possibillity to order a van to bring you to the airport.	
Sep 4 2004	Clean 	Transferred to the Americana Inn after two nights at Southgate Tower Hotel (from tour group bookings; we extended our stay in NYC 3 days)~ And though it seemed cramp and miserable compared to the space at Southgate, it didn't take us long to adjust. The room I booked was a twin room and it was well worth the price paid per night. It was clean and well-maintained, with a well-working air-conditioner (we went in the summer) &amp; enough TV channels to keep us entertained. Fresh towels every day and enough communal bathrooms to go around (1 for every 3 rooms). Clean too. Didn't even need to use the flip-flops I brought for the shared bathrooms. Very safe place, and good location. Sink in room. Could easily go from Central Park (20 blks) and Magnolia Bakery at Bleecker (another 20 blks). Main problem is the cramped space. Could hardly open closet door.	
Aug 22 2004	AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!	We stayed there for 3 nights in August, and we are shocked to see so many good reviews of this inn. The room is nowhere near what you see in the pictures. In fact, the room I had looked like the jail cell in Alcatraz. Imagine waking up every morning to see a sink RIGHT NEXT to your face. The bedsheets are stained, from the first night we checked it. The remote control of the TV was spoilt. The front-desk people were nothing more than security guards, sitting behind glass windows, and never offered any help at all with the luggages. The front door works in such a way that we had to buzz the front desk before we can get in. and guess what, the guy there probably fell asleep and we had to wait till he finally woke up and allowed us in.FINALLY, to complete the ordeal, we had a housekeeper who barged in without knocking. Perhaps, we should have thanked her for waking us up in time!YES, this is indeed an Inn, nothing more, so don't expect a hotel! Don't even expect a motel.	
Aug 15 2004	Great Value for Money!	Me and my friend booked a 4 night stay here in early November after finding it on the net. The price of the hotel in this location was too good to resist! It didn't let us down..i mean yeah it's basic, but more importantly clean &amp; comfortable in a fantastic place (5 min walk to Times Sq and 2 mins from 5th Av!) Has got some great little bonuses as well like the cable TV and friendly staff (who put huge effort into getting us a free transfer to JFK at an unusual time). Don't expect luxury but a quiet and conveniently-placed base to crash after a tiring day round the city.	
Jul 5 2004	Excellent location for an excellent price	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 4 days over July 4 weekend. We paid 70 dollars/night + tax for a room with a double bed and it was great value for the location. It is situated only a few blocks from Times square and very close to Fifth Ave., Empire State Building, Macy's. The staff at the hotel have been very nice (they are mostly Spanish) and made us feel very comfortable and welcome. The lobby of the hotel is situated on the second floor. The hotel has one tiny elevator (a slow one) that, for security reasons (not really needed but mostly to impress) stops at the second floor every single time so the attendant can see who is going upstairs. The main door downstairs is always locked and you can enter only after you are buzzed in by the attendant (security camera is another welcome security feature). Our room was exactly as seen in the Internet pictures. It was really small compared to most hotels, but this is NYC and for the location, we were ready to sacrifice the comfort of a bigger room. The windows are bolted and you cannot open them, but the AC is more than adequate in summer time. A slight inconvenience was the shared bathroom, but there was never really a time when we found it to be used by someone else. They have about 2-3 bathrooms per floor and they are quite clean. The cleaning ladies are very professional and you get towels, soap and a new roll of bathroom paper every day. There a sink in the room which comes in handily when you want to wash your hands or brush your teeth. Overall, the room is very clean and comes with 2 extra safety bolts aside the normal lock that opens with a hotel card (again to make you feel more secure). The hotel also has a small kitchenette with microwave and stove, but we never really used it because we mostly dined out. However, if you have a similar room as us and intend to eat in the room, you will have trouble finding a place to put the food. The only &quot;table&quot; is actually a dresser and you will share the surface with the TV (which by the way has mostly only local channels - no satellite). As other reviewers have mentioned before, our window was facing the 6th avenue and the noise was quite an &quot;experience&quot; during the night. Nevertheless, our busy days in NYC (shopping and sightseeing) made us too tired to be even bothered by the outside noise. There was a good PAX diner a block north of the hotel (besides Bryant Park) where we usually had our breakfast. On the last day, we had to check out before 12 noon, but since our bus was leaving at 9pm , we were able to leave all our bags safely in their baggage room. Since this was my first trip to NYC, I could say that Americana Inn is a good budget hotel with a great location. Their prices definitely allow you to save money and experience this amazing city.	
Jun 3 2004	I didn't listen!	I read the reviews where people got there to find their room was given away. I figured they must be unseasoned travelers and this was such a great location for the price so I went ahead and booked it! I called New York a few days before the trip to let them know we would not get in till late and to make sure they would hold our room. The staff was friendly (The guys name was Cheto) and told me since I called he would make sure the room was held all night long if necessary. Well, you guessed it - No room!!! They had the good sense not to tell me they gave it away but instead said they had 'water damage' which I don't believe having read the other reports. They sent us to another hotel, &quot;riverside inn&quot; which was fine but much farther away (50 blocks). It was really scary, even for this seasoned traveler, to be exhausted without a room waiting on a saturday, memorial weekend, night. Take my advise and spend a little more for a place with a good reputation - ESPECIALLY if you plan to arrive late in the day!!!	
May 2 2004	Excellent Value.		
Mar 24 2004	good		
Mar 15 2004	A haven from the snow		
Mar 2 2004	Cozy Experience		
Feb 6 2004	Decent Price Fantastic Location		
Jan 15 2004	Good price good location		
Oct 18 2003	A good place to pass the night		
Aug 26 2003	Better than expected		
May 27 2003	Roof over our heads--nothing better than that		
Jan 16 2003	Cosy hotel.......shame about the staff		
Oct 17 2009 	N'hésitez plus : excellent rapport/quelité prix rénové et propre emplacement idéal et super accueil		
Oct 9 2009 	Zentral gelegenes Low-Cost-Hotel		
Aug 30 2009 	Sûrement l'un des meilleurs rapports qualité-prix pour les petits budgets et propre en plus !		
Aug 14 2009 	super		
Aug 1 2009 	propre pas chers 		
Apr 4 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Feb 17 2009 	Perfekte Lage sehr sauber winzige Zimmer		
Nov 6 2008	Bon hotel "low cost"		
Oct 13 2008 	Attention les infos du site de l'hotel sont fausses		
Oct 6 2008 	Extrememement bruyant seul bon point : la localisation		
Sep 10 2008 	Une bonne adresse en plein coeur de N Y		
Sep 4 2008 	Excellent hôtel pas déçue du tout !		
Aug 22 2008 	bien placé		
Jun 9 2008 	Fait payer sa position près de Times square. Il y a mieux		
Jun 4 2008 	Geniales Hotel		
May 30 2008 	Très pratique propre excellent rapport qualité-prix		
Apr 27 2008 	Mittendrin 		
Dec 30 2007 	TB rapport qualité/prix pour NY		
Dec 2 2007	Super hotel pour NYC		
Aug 23 2007 	Petit hotel confortable accueillant et pas trop cher :)		
Jul 6 2007 	Totalmente recomendable!		
Dec 24 2006	Klein aber oho...		
