	Wouldn't stay here again	The only reason to stay here is because of the location. The service isn't great, the rooms are only so-so and the amenities are just average. If you can afford to go somewhere else, please do.	
	Loved the location and room	It was a very good experience staying in this hotel, the location is excellent which is in times square, and over all the experience was good, I would like to stay again in this hotel.	
	Great Location Great View	Stayed in the Millennium Broadway for 3 nights from 22nd November. The hotel was simple to find with access from 44th and 45th street entrances. The Location could barely have been better, right next to Times Square (Our room overlooked it from the 30th floor, amazing!) and very close to transport links. Check in was quick and efficient and although we had no need for any hotel services, it appeared that staff were always on hand to be quick and helpful. The room was very good, huge bed, large flat screen tv (not that we were in room that much to watch it) good furniture. Bathroom had some character to it with a low sided bath (reminds you of a 50s horror movie bath, quite charming). Only downside was there are no tea or coffee making facilities although your not short of coffee shops just outside the hotel (Starbucks on every corner). All in all a very good hotel, fantastic location and well worth staying at.	
	Fantastic location quiet and safe however rooms/hotel needs updating	Went for the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade and after careful consideration chose this hotel due to it's location and the ability to book one room for our family of four. The location is great, a few steps to Times Square,yet on a quiet alley.It is also very close to other major attractions including Broadway theaters and the Rockefeller ctr. Price was reasonable considering the fact it was a major holiday(booked through Venere.com). The room was small but comfortable, not tiny, like some rooms in NY, we had 2 beds in it so I assume they feel much bigger with one bed. It has a big flat screen t.v and fairly comfortable(bit hard) beds. Though very clean, carpet was stained and bathroom needs major remodeling with no fan, old fixtures, etc. There is much a housekeeper can do.Check in and front desk were very friendly and accommodating , upgraded us to a premiere room per our request ,which is practically the same room but on a higher floor with better view.It has no lobby , or character like one of the reviews stated. No coffee in the room but Starbucks is next door.This is a perfect hotel for someone who is looking for a clean place in a good location were they can rest after a tiring day outside. It seems to be favorable by families and groups of women, rightly so ,since it is safe (doorman on late hours) and relatively quiet( this is NY!) . The hotel offers concierge services and bell man , but it feels like it caters more to a self sufficient tourist like we were. The few times we did used their services they were friendly, helpful, and professional. This is not the Plaza, nor a crummy little hotel and I believe once the Millennium Company will decide to give it the face lift it deserves prices will hike accordingly.Check out Patzzeria Pizza (incredible) and Margon(Cuban food ) both near by.	
	Great tourist location decent accomodations but lacks character	The Millennium served my needs very well. Mainly I was there sightseeing, although I had events to attend at Madison Square Garden. Located half a block from Times Square, the hotel is also within easy walking distance of Rockefeller Center and subway. I had a room on the 34th floor which offered a view of of the Times Square ball. The room was very comfortable and decent size for NYC. The bathtub needed to be refinished . The flat screen television was fine--the remote was very basic without a sleep option and other functions I expect. Bath products were not restocked daily and there was no bath robe or fan which I expect from premier hotels. I didn't dare open the refrigerator for fear of being charged as one of my friends had been for putting a Coke that he had gotten elsewhere.I didn't have any rude interactions with the hotel staff. It just seemed they were somewhat aloof with a chip on their shoulders. The Millennium lobby basically runs somewhat narrowly between street entrances on 44th and 45th streets. There is a hotel desk, concierge desk, bell desk, restaurant, and a very small seating area. I really expected a large lobby where you can sit and people watch but that was lacking. It seemed the lobby was more of a passageway and lacked great character and elegance. I would stay here again, as the location can't be beat.	
	Good location	I stayed at this hotel for three nights while attending a conference held at a nearby hotel. I paid the conference rate ($269 + taxes per night), which I thought was reasonable for the location. My room was spacious and well furnished. It had a 6-outlets power strip under the work desk, which was convenient. The king bed was comfortable. The AC was not noisy. There were some stains and spots on the carpet and housekeeping apparently did not vacuum my room everyday while I was staying there. It is not a luxury hotel; it is a tourist hotel in my opinion. So, if you do not expect much from the hotel, you would not get disappointed.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great location but service is so so.	Paid a reasonable conference rate of $269 a night plus all taxes made it almost $320. No problem getting a reservation from overseas and I stayed several nights. The room had a big fresh stay on the rug near the bed that made a poor first impression. It was touched up but not removed after I complained. Makes you wonder about how clean the rest of the rug was. I left a message at the desk for a colleague that arrived after me. He never got the message and it took a long time for us to make contact. The room was quiet enough 100 feet from Times Square. I could see the famous ball from my window. Bathroom was clean and functioned well. The maids did their job quite well. Breakfast buffet was quite good $25 including coffee and juice, but there was almost no variation. You could order special eggs that helped out some. Ok for a couple of days, but not for longer stays. Why do you have to pay for internet? $13 for 24 hrs. Limited lounge facilities to hang around in. Why stay here? Location, location, location. In the middle of the theater district, close to Times Square which is a 24 hr day open delight to the senses. Shops, restaurants, sights, exhibits. Love this town. I don´t know what the competition has to offer so I wouldn´t write off this place, but check out other reviews close by first before booking here.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great stay...brilliant location	Just spent 3 nights at the Broadway Millenium. The location is fantastic, just steps away from Time Square. The room was great. big by NY standards. The staff were really helpful., When we arrived, the bathroom light wasn't working but it was fixed within a few minutes. Also the concierge service was fantastic. Ask Phillip for a restaurant recommendation..he recommended 3 restaurants to us and each one was reasonably prices but excellent quality. Overall a great stay	
Nov 16 2009 	A very honest review	This is the first review I've ever written on TripAdvisor. I've stayed at a lot of hotels but my experience at this particular hotel has made me decide to break out of my shell and write this review. I arrived at the hotel at 3pm (one hour before check in). I was met with a very rude employee at the front desk. I swear to you all, I thought that he had a personal vendetta towards me for something I did to him. He was beyond cold and exceptionally rude. He said I couldn't check in because the room was unavailable.Although I was disappointed, I did understand hotel rules and that the hotel's check in time was 4pm and so I waited on one of the couches for an hour. I returned to the front desk at around 340pm and met a much nicer employee. He checked me into a corner room with a nice view of Times Square. I went up to the room and the room was still a mess from the previous stay. There were crumbs all over the table, and buffalo sauce on the desk. Oh yes, there was also a t shirt in the closet. So I went back downstairs and asked for another room. Finally after about an hour of waiting and 10 minutes of traveling in the hotel, I was booked into a very corner room on the 51st floor. It would have been nice if my check in was a smoother transition than what I have experienced. So I checked out yesterday and again, I met the same rude employee. He didn't even look me in the eye when he checked me out. I gave him my keys and he threw them to the side and proceeded onto the next customer. I asked if I was all set and he said yes. He didn't ask for ID nor did he ask me to sign anything. I didn't even see him press a button ANYWHERE to indicate that I have checked out. I am so afraid that I am still checked in at this hotel. All in all, although I'm very appreciative of the rest of the hotel's staff for making my stay better. I can honestly say I will never stay at this hotel again. A hotel is supposed to be a home away from home and this was not what I felt at the Millennium. And some other recommendations, if you get cold easily, do not stay at this hotel. The linens are so thin, it's shocking.	
Nov 12 2009 	awesome	service was great. we arrived at 11am that day and our room was ready for us,definetly a plus in our book. didnt have to wait till 3pm. rooms were big, service was great. had a corner room and could see out over times square. location was awesome, didnt have to walk far for anything. rooms clean.would definetly stay again if opportunity arised.	
Nov 11 2009 	A high-rise motel with the wrong attitude	New York City is certaintly the most diverse and cosmopolitan city in the world. Being so large and complex, makes it complicated for travellers to find a good value of a hotel, beyond the 5 star league (which is not only obvious, but quasi-monopolic - in th good sense-)In this trip, paid by the company, I was given the option to select a hotel for under $300 a night. I must say that the choice was so difficult, because of the tremendous amount of options and for the polarized and vast reviews, which spoke great and then bad about one same place.In any event, I ended up booking at the Millenium Broadway Hotel &quot;The Premier&quot;, mainly because of the proximity to my business meetings. (Although, I've never liked Times Square and Broadway, too cheesy for me, sorry)Arrival is very impersonal and cold and is comparable to entering a subway station, only that in the subway station at least you know it is a subway station. In this case, the entrance leaves you wondering whether you entered the hotel or if you just happened to enter into some strange passageway or tourist trap electronics mall in Times Square.The reception clerks were helpful and efficient, point blank. No additional advice nor interest in the guest whatsoever (in fact, no ID check --- unbelievable)I was directed to the adjacent tower, which is sold as the &quot;The Premier&quot;, in an attempt to be an upscale version of the same hotel, which has an overall feeling of a pimp's high-rise motel, comparable to some that DO exist in Germany and that were very popular during the Soccer World Cup.The quality of the furnishings is terrible. The linen, the bed cover and the furniture shout &quot;cheap&quot;. I am sorry t be so harsh, but truth cannot be hidden.The room would be adequate for a 15 year old backpacker looking for a room or for an adventurous couple seeking for a quick fix, but by no means should this hotel be taken seriously as a 4 star business hotel.I called the operator to enquire about their laundry service, and all that I got was a &quot;we call it a valet, you're i the Big Apple!&quot; I was shocked at her rudeness after a simple question and for treating a guest as if I was some farmer from beyond cornland. That lady should have known better, much better. I could have taught her a lession in geogaphy, history, culture and education, but frankly I decided to just hold it to the hotel's reputation.The laundry, sorry, valet service was very corteous, although provided by an outside company.Food is very basic and service in the restaurant was uninspiring and grey.Out of the thousands of options to stay in NYC, I will definetely rule this one out for my next trip. I am sure that there must be a much better option under the $300 bracket. I will keep looking or, even better, staying at one of the many fantastic 5 star (and beyond) hotels in town.	
Nov 11 2009 	Wonderful Place to Stay--close to everything!	My husband and I stayed at the Millenium for our 35th wedding anniversary. We had a wonderful time---the staff was so helpful---rooms were very clean too. We'd stay there again if we get to go back to NY city---I LOVED New York City---our first visit! We stayed 4 nights at he Millenium.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great location... but not for the fussy traveller	We'd stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat, even though it misses the mark in a number of areas. Pros: Unbeatable location on a quiet side street, a half block off Times Square. Steps to all the theatres but still a quiet refuge from the Broadway madness. Good sized rooms and expansive views from higher floors. Very clean. Friendly and efficient check-in. Felt safe - was able to let my 15-year-old wander the area on his own.Cons: Definitely NOT a 3.5 star hotel. Linens not &quot;hotel-quality.&quot; Sheets and pillows are thin and stingy. No duvets. Just a silky coverlet that keeps slipping off the bed at night. Problematic plumbing. We had to call maintainance three times in three days. First the bathtub didn't drain. Then the toilet backed up. Then it backed up again and overflowed. All problems swiftly dealt with... but I'd have been bitter had I paid the $400 list price on this room. Other minor annoyances: reading lights over the beds did not work, and the beds were too soft - too much pillow in the pillowtop mattresses. Bottom line: This hotel is in such a good location that it is justifiably critic-proof. The stingy linens and unreliable plumbing really aren't that important when you are having that much fun. But look for a deal. It's not worth the published rate.	
Nov 8 2009 	In the heart of the action	Stayed 4 nights at the Millennium Broadway in October, managed to get a fairly good deal through easytobook.com. Price for Millennium was cheaper than most hotels in Midtown East &amp; much cheaper than the other hotels around Times Square.Check-in was hassle free, no queue (mid-day check-in) which was excellent, with a room immediately available. Hotel lobby looks slightly dated, but clean and tidy, rooms are pretty much the same. The 40&quot; TV was a nice touch. No problems whatsoever with the hotel, and for the price paid.Immediately outside the hotel are 3 Irish bars and Times Square itself is about 30 seconds walk away. Be prepared for the crowds around Times Sq though, at peak times it's almost impossible to move without bumping into someone stood gazing in the air or taking a photo. This is to be expected, however some people may prefer to find a hotel away from Times Sq and then just walk 3/4 blocks.I would reccommend visiting the Statue of Liberty and if possible getting tickets to visit the crown. We pre-booked Crown access tickets around 3 months before our visit and were glad we did so. The tickets themselves arent much more expensive than the regular tickets, and they also allow queue-jump at the security point, saving 10-15mins. Note: only fit and healthy people who are fine with confined spaces should try and visit the crown. Its around an extra 200 steps up an incredibly tight spiral staircase to access the crown. Very worthwile though, and something only 10 people per hour get to do, so book early!Also the Tkts booth located on Times Sq is pretty good value. We got Mary Poppins tickets 45 mins before the show started for around half price. Slightly worried about the seats, but when we got to them we couldnt have been happier. Unless you REALLY want to see a particular show on a particular day, I would reccommend buying tickets on the day.Absolutely love NYC, can't wait to visit again!	
Nov 2 2009 	Adequate hotel in prime location.	We stayed at the Millennium Hotel Broadway on Halloween evening. The location was ideal for any Times Square activities. The hotel was less then a block from all the hubbub, but was still quiet and calm. The lobby was pretty plain and the room had a stuffy, old smoky smell that was unappealing. Nice windows for watching sights and sounds. Bed and bathroom were comfortable.	
Nov 1 2009 	One in a Milli	Great hotel close to all the 'action'. Sexy looking room with nice views of the goings on the streets and rooftops of other buildings (such as construction workers doing pushups on the job or someone shooting a music video on the rooftop). I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Oct 30 2009 	Convenient bu dark	Great location right off Times Square. Lobby and rooms very dark but nice. Would have liked to have coffee available in our rooms instead of having to go to Starbucks next door.	
Oct 29 2009	Fantastic in every way!	We did have a couple problems with the room we were originally given. It was fixed in no time. We also had issues with the magnetic strips on our keys, but again, fixed very quickly. We used the concierage service - fantastic! This hotel was quiet. The location could not have been better. I would stay here again in a second!	
Oct 25 2009 	Perfect location great staff nice room with a view	This hotel is very convenient- half a block away from Times Square and major subway station, a block away from the theater district and a few blocks away from Rockefeller/Fifth Ave/Empire State and Grand Central Station. Staff were very helpful and accommodating. Although my room wasn't ready when I got in at 0900, the front desk clerk offered to check for other availabilities and when he didn't find anything, he gave me a business card and told me to call at 1200 since something would likely open up (instead of waiting until the check in time at 4pm) and also offered to hold my luggage while I go out and explore NYC. I didn't get to check in early (nor on time) as I ended taking a tour and didn't get back until 6pm.The room is clean and is bigger than I expected. I have a nice view- Chrysler building is right outside my window. The bed is very comfortable. Bathroom is clean but part of the bath tub is a little worn down- there's some discoloration on the tiles, but that's about it. I really enjoyed staying here. I would sit along Broadway Avenue alone past midnight, watching the crowded Times Square pass me by and not worry about the time or the distance I needed to travel to get back since it's literally a few steps away to get to my hotel. Oh and one last thing, I have an extreme fear of the elevator and on my second day, I was so terrified to go down by myself so I called the front desk and the manager went all the way up to the 30th floor to pick me up and take the elevator with me. She was so nice about it and told me not to hesitate to ask for assistance anytime. It sounded like a ridiculous request but none of the staff who assisted me made it feel like so. They were very accommodating and very pleasant.	
Oct 24 2009 	awesome	awesome service...stylish &amp; modern rooms...amazing views of Times Square...	
Oct 20 2009 	Disappointing stay - not clean stuck in smoking room	We stayed at the Millennium Oct 16-18 and were really unhappy with our experience. I was surprised to find that the hotel still has smoking rooms and we got stuck in one the first night. We had to yell/fight with the manager to get a non-smoking room our second night there. The rooms were not too impressive - our sheets were stained and dirty. Beds were not very comfortable and didn't get good sleep. Overall, I was disappointed with the management of the hotel and the quality of the rooms. Good location, but I would pay more for a better hotel with better service.	
Oct 20 2009 	Terrific location adequate accommodations	I stayed at the hotel with girlfriends for a theater weekend. The location of Millennium Broadway is excellent. We were on the 39th floor and our room was very quiet. We had no noise from neighboring rooms or Times Square. The rooms themselves were pretty spacious for NY. I gave the hotel an average rating because we could not tell if we were in upgraded rooms. There were a few stains on the carpet but nothing that made me feel like I could not walk on it in bare feet. The decor was a heavy red &amp; brown Asian theme that seemed dated (you can see of picture of it on the hotel's website). The bed sheets and towels were standard fare -- thin and a bit rough. (Maybe I'm getting too used to Westin's &quot;heavenly&quot; beds?) The decorative bed pillows were rock hard and uncomfortable to lean against but the pillows to sleep on were comfy. The bathroom was nice -- marble vanity with plenty of space for two women to put all their makeup, lotions and blow dryers -- with good lighting and a clean tub / shower (the drain stopper was pulled out, though). The room had a large flat screen TV, desk and leather side chair. All in all, we had adequate accommodations. Nothing special. Nothing awful. Respectable. Am I compelled to stay there again? It will come down to price. For its class, Millennium Broadway had the best price at the location we wanted. The hotel staff was pleasant, friendly and helpful.	
Oct 20 2009 	Perfect for our Anniversary weekend!	So we celebrated one year of being married and came to NYC to celebrate! This hotel was perfect. The location is LITERALLY smack dab in the middle of Times Square, but it still has a peaceful energy. Everything was great! They don't have ANY amenities (internet, business center etc.) that aren't ridiculously expensive, but hey its NYC...capitalistic &quot;head crackers&quot;. LOL. No one does. Period.I would recommend this place ot anyone. The subway was maybe a block away. Our drain in the tub stopped working but they sent someone up IMMEDIATELY to fix it. Service was great. Room view was great. Room upgrade was free. Just stay here. See for yourself. If you are gonna spend a lot of money in Times Square for lodging, you will get money's worth here.	
Oct 19 2009 	Locks and TV didn't work -- very poor customer service	They had to make new keys for us every day -- twice that didn't work and they had to have security open it. An employee at the front desk suspected a battery in the lock was dying, but no one every showed up to replace it. TV didn't work at all on the first night, and the reception was so poor it was almost unwatchable additional nights. Very nice location, but poor maintenance and lack of customer service will make me choose a different hotel next time.	
Oct 12 2009 	Location Location Location!	We stayed here for 2 nights, 10-2 to 10-4/09 and were more than pleased with our stay. We walked the 11 blocks from Penn Station - an easy walk really. Checked in about 6pm with no problems using our Priceline reservation. Everyone was friendly and concierge answered the few questions we asked. We had a great King room overlooking part of time square - at night it was especially a beautiful view! This hotel was convenient to EVERYTHING in the Times Square area especially!Room was actually 'big' for NY standards - only downsides - no free internet and unless you can get a 'deal' it's fairly pricey. They tried to charge us for 4 beers from the mini-bar fridge in the room - however we did not drink them - a couple fell over when we tried to put our own bottled water in the fridge....we called down to the front desk and the charge was taken off immediately! I'd definitely stay at the Millennium Broadway hotel again!!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Best Birthday Ever!!	Hubby took me to NYC for my 40th birthday. This was our first time staying here. We stayed at a different hotel the night before and were not pleased at all so we were nervous about what this hotel would be like. We were at ease as soon as we walked in the lobby. We were able to check in and store our bag so we could go out and see the sites. Our room was ready when we returned in the afternoon. Our room was on 51st floor. Amazing view!!! Could see the ball at Times Square and The Empire State Building to name just two of the sites visible from way up there. Our room was large, the bathroom was spacious, the two leather chairs were really comfy, the bed was really comfy, nice flat panel tv, easy to access wifi, you get the picture. The only complaint we had was that the bedspread was very heavy and silky so it kept sliding off us. It was not enough to deter us from staying here again. We ordered room service for the morning of my birthday. We were surprised when it came in 20 minutes and was perfect. We were so close to Times Square but it was very quiet way up on the 51st floor. It was great to stay out until 1am and feel safe walking back to the hotel because it is so close to all the action. Can't wait to return to the city and will definately stay here again.	
Oct 9 2009 	NYC trip	It was very nice and the location was execellent. The room was quiet and the help was nice when we had a question. I would definitely go back there again	
Oct 8 2009 	Awesome hotel..not my first time staying there and it won't be my last	I recommend the Millennium Broadway to any of my friends going to stay in NYC. The location is fabulous. I have always had a great view from my room. I've also stayed at The Premier; their hotel nextdoor which is just as nice. I will be returning in March for another lovely stay!	
Oct 8 2009 	Fantastic	Great location only two blocks off of Times Square. Wonderful clean and stylish room.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful!	I had a great experience at the Millennium Hotel. The location was perfect. The staff was very pleasant and even upgraded us. Our room was ready when we arrived and we got there at 11:00 a.m.! The room was spacious and clean. I would definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Oct 8 2009	Nice but not like the pictures.	First, let me say that our first visit to New York was fantastic! My daughter and I had the time of our lives and never felt lost or unsafe in the big city. Our stay at the Millennium was...ok. The location was perfect. Right in the heart of Times Square, we walked practically everywhere we went. My problem with the hotel was our room. If you're like me, I go to the web page, look at the pictures, read reviews on Trip Advisor, etc. The rooms, at least ours, was nothing like the pictures. It was clean, but there were stains on the carpet, and it was no where near the size depicted in the photos. I didn't complain and I guess it could have been worse. I just expected more from this hotel. I would probably recommend this one due to the location, but I guess my warning is - don't believe everything you see on their web page.	
Oct 2 2009 	AWESOME!!! Would Stay AGAIN	Very nice rooms, excellent staff, 41st floor - good view. Parking across street for a fee.... but that is New York! View of Times Square but not a direct view.cons - no coffee in room.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great Hotel - quieter than you think!	I spent 4 days at the Millennium Broadway - The Premier Hotel side. Dispite the close proximity to Times Square, this hotel was nice and quiet. If you are in the main tower you have great views of Times Square, which is just a few steps from the hotel's entrance.The room was clean, airy and bright. Huge windows (floor to ceiling) lets alot of light in and you can see the action below. The bathroom was emmaculate, fresh towels and the bath ammenities are very luxurious. The bed was very comfortable and I loved the down comforter. The concierge and other staff are all very friendly and pleasant.I would highly recommend this to anyone who is traveling to NYC for business or pleasure. Access to shows, restuarants, etc is excellent.For those driving, there's a parking lot one block over that has 10.00 over night parking.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	I was very happy with this hotel. The rooms are very large for NY (two queen beds and a small sofa), very clean and modern (although ours did not have the ihome that I have found in virtually every other hotel). The staff was very attentive and helpful. The gym is spacious and well equipped. It is right in the middle of Times Square/ Theatre District and just a couple blocks from a Subway station. Very convienent - walking distance to all the Broadway Shows, lots of Comedy Clubs, Hell's Kitchen, Central Park and just a quick Subway ride everywhere else. Skip the overpriced pizzarias and chain resturants in the area and walk over to 'Resturant Row' in Hell's Kitchen for much better resturants with reasonable prices.	
Sep 27 2009 	excellent value	Lovely hotel, rooms large and clean (only niggle if I wanted to be picky was coffee stain on carpet) and good size bathroom. Excellent situation, a very short walk to Times Square and close to everywhere else. Nothing was too much trouble, and they will store your luggage for free on your day of departure (our flight was not until the evening) Mini bar available, however, unfortunately, there were no tea/coffee making facilities in the room. Very quiet and well controlled air conditioning, and room was also well insulated, so no noise infitrated from outside or within the hotel. Would thoroughly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Brilliant service lovely room would highly recommend	We stayed here in September 2009 and really enjoyed the hotel. A gorgeous marble lobby greets you, and the staff are really friendly and efficient. The room was gorgous, very opulent and lovely bed. A great sized room for NYC to - bigger than a lot of UK hotels!	
Sep 22 2009 	BEWARE at ALL costs!!!	My $400 camera was stolen out of my room. I located the maid on my floor and instead of her asking any normal question (like &quot;Where did you last see it?&quot; or &quot;What did it look like?&quot; she asked me, very coldly &quot;Well, did you put it in the safe?!?!&quot; Security promised to follow up with me after my trip and a year later have never contacted me about my loss.What a shame that such a beautiful hotel could have such terrible service. No one at the desk, the operator, security, room service cared the least little bit about any of us staying there. You'd think they were paying us instead of the other way around. Additionally, it was very noisy and the &quot;nice&quot; looking bathroom fixtures were very cheap and falling apart in my hands.	
Sep 20 2009 	Absolutely fantastic!!	We stayed at this hotel from september 12-16. I have seen the mixed reviews on here but thought the hotel looked very nice so we booked it through booking.com. We arrived early so our room was not ready yet but we just got to know the area which was nice. I emailed the hotel when I booked and asked for a room on a high floor and when we checked in we got an amazing room on the 51st floor! It was very nice and big with a great view of TS, Empire State Building and Chrysler building. I thought the room was well kept and up to date. The cleaning was also good. All of the staff were nice and helpful. The location is also great. It only took seconds to walk to Times Square and Avenue of the Americas.We had a great stay here and would love to go back!I really would recommend this hotel to everyone! Do not hesitate booking this!! :)	
Sep 19 2009 	Clean and Central - what more could you need?	Only half a block from Times Square and 2 blocks from Grand Central Station, the location of this hotel can't be beat! (44th and Broadway) Check-in was quick and simple, and although the check-in staff were not particularly friendly, the concierge and bell guys more than made up for it with their friendly, helpful attitudes throughout the whole stay. We checked in a few hours earlier than expected and so they did not have the requested King Room available but were happy to accommodate us in a double room (after a 30 hour flight I was more than happy with this option!) with no fuss at all.The room itself was well appointed and clean. I'd read previous reviews about the hard mattresses, but the hotel seems to have rectified this complaint by adding 'pillow top' type underlay's on the beds which does make a difference. The bed cover is, as also mentioned in previous reviews, quite flimsy and not exactly warm, but a blanket and additional pillows can be found in the hall closet (you can also find an iron and ironing board and an in-room safe in the closet). The bathroom itself is very large and clean and provides ample amenities. The view is rather lacking, but when you are so central to all that the city has to offer, I can't imagine anyone sitting around gazing out of their window!A couple of quick notes - there is a convenience store across the street from the front of the hotel, but it is quite pricey so I would avoid it in favour of 'Cranberry's' which is across the street from the back entrance of the hotel. We had a great breakfast here and also used the internet at a pretty reasonable rate.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great Value. Superb Location.	On our first trip to New York, we wanted to stay centrally and so chose this hotel due to its proximity to Times Square, Central Park etc. There are some mixed reviews on his site so we were just a little apprehensive. No need! We arrived early morning after disembarking the QM2 and were able to leave our luggage. We were told that we could try and book in from 11am as there may be a room available. However, we were so busy, it was around 4pm when we arrived back! We had requested a high floor and were given a room on 45 with a great view of the Chrysler building. Our luggage was delivered within 10 mins of us goint to our room. The room was really big with all necessary amenities. The rooms was serviced well every day whilst we were out and all of the staff we spoke to were really helpful. The lifts were fast and reliable and as for the location - you could not ask to be closer to theatres, restaurants etc etc. I would definintely recommend this hotel. We paid about £130 per night through Expedia and felt this was very good VFM!	
Sep 16 2009 	What a view!	Absolutely fantastic location. This hotel is gorgeous, we had a fantastic view of Times Square from our room on the 23rd floor.Bed was absolutely massive and so comfortable, had a huge flatscreen tv as well, was kept very clean by housekeeping. My only complaint was the lack of free Wi-Fi in your room, for the price I felt this should have been included but this is only a minor thing!Would go back.	
Sep 14 2009 	Unbeatable location for Broadway	I booked this hotel as a birthday surprise for my wife, it was here first time in New York. The location is superb for Broadway/Times Square and for a small fee, we were upgraded to a a large room on the 33rd floor with views out towards Times Square.Used the hotel as a base and did not spend too much time in it so probably did not get full value for it - but excellent hotel, comfortable rooms, the largest bed I think I have ever seen and a Manhatten skyline from your 33rd floor room. Who could ask for more?	
Sep 13 2009 	Excellent Location	Friendly service. Staff helpful. Room clean and updated. Downside was the view looked into a back alley. Good value for your money. Steps to all the action in Times Square.	
Sep 9 2009 	Excellent Hotel would defiantly stay again!	Just back from 6 nights in New York for our wedding and would highly recommend this hotel. Location is excellant, right beside Times Square, which we actually had a view of from our window. Staff where very helpful and accomodating. Room was large considering New Yorks usual hotel room sizes. Room could have done with a bit of an upgrade decor wise but nothing to bad, very clean and tidy. Would defiantly stay at the Millenium Broadway again.	
Sep 8 2009 	One of the best Hotels I've stayed in for the price.	When we checked in (before 10:30 a.m.) we were told to check-in on the Premier side with the concierge. Turns out we were randomly upgraded to the business side of the hotel. We were told the difference is that the rooms are quieter, less traffic, more accomodating. The room was ready for us and there was no problem for an early check-in. We had a queen size bed, a small desk, a tv area with couch (with a swivel tv) that could be watched from bed or the couch, a closet and a generous size bathroom that had a separate tub and shower. The shower was small but adequate. The room was certainly spacious enough for two people to share. It was clean and quiet. The location of the hotel was 2 short blocks from Times Square. The subways were about 5 short blocks away. Very easy to navigate to where you want to go. I would definitely stay here again for the price we paid. The hotel staff were very friendly and happy to answer our questions.	
Sep 7 2009	Great hotel great location	I'd heard of this hotel for years, as it seems to sponsor many TV shows. When Hotels.com was running a discount on it, we decided to try it. Once we arrived, I was told there was only a king bed room available despite requesting to beds; however, we were able to get roll away free. Parking was painless (just hand keys to the doormen, and the car was back in half the time they estimated). The rooms were clean, safe, and the location was unbeatable. We'll definitely stay here again if we could get a good price.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great Location 	My Boyfriend surprised me with 7nights in New York &amp; we picked this hotel purely for the location! The closer the holiday got the more I read the reviews, and there were a few negative ones but they are totally unjustified! We arrived too early for the 4pm check-in but they still checked us in there and then! Most of the staff were very polite, &amp; the room was quite big with a great king size bed on the 41st floor! Had a good view of a corner of Times Square, &amp; if we tilted our head we could see the Crysler Building &amp; there was no street noise! The fan was great as it kept the room nice &amp; cool for us going to sleep! In such a great location... as it was our first time visiting New York, it was really easy to find our way about from Times Square! The only problem we had was with organising the shuttle bus from the hotel to the airport! We were planning on phoning to confirm ourselves however one of the staff members said we could get the Concierge to do it for us! The woman at the desk was very nice &amp; it was no problem for her to do that for us! She left an answer message which we got when we returned later on at nite &amp; she had confirmed it for the wrong airport! We went down to the desk &amp; it was a man this time... we explained that his collegue had confirmed the wrong airport &amp; asked if we could get the print out of the confirmation (the message said we could go pick it up)! He was very rude &amp; basically said that it wasn't his problem, &amp; that they don't deal with the Blue Shuttle company &amp; that the concierge before him wouldn't have done it! I can assure you she did!!! Appart from that everything was great... and I would stay here again!	
Sep 6 2009 	Excellent experience!	We stayed at the Millennium Broadway for 4 nights - Aug 28-31, 2009. We booked through Travelzoo and paid a total of $743, including taxes. Before arrival I was somewhat apprehensive since the price/location equation seemed too good. But everything worked out fine. Good sized room, king-sized bed, flat screen TV, in-room safe, quiet (30th floor), efficient elevators, friendly staff, efficient check-in &amp; check-out. The only quibble would be the bedspread - a bit thin - but then again the AC worked very well. Plus, a great location a few steps from 7th Avenue, between 44th and 45th Streets. Very good value.	
Aug 26 2009 	Our expectations were exceeded	My husband and I booked this hotel for a weekend in New York City. It was my husband's first time to visit the city, so I told him to be prepared for anything. I was pleasantly surprised when we checked in to the Millenium - the staff was friendly and even though we were too early to check in, they held a room with a view for us to check into a few hours later. The view was incredible, the location is perfect, and the room was above average. The bathroom was very decent and the flat screen TV was really nice. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and would highly recommend it.	
Aug 26 2009 	Not pleasant!	Check was a breeze, the agent was excellent and only took 3mins!! After checking into the room, they delivered the rollaway with 5mins and we turned in for the night. When I proceeded to turn off the lamp, a large piece of bubble gum was on the bed head.I reported it to the Frontdesk but it took 3day before it was moved. The iron cord had exposed wire so when we plugged it in there were lots of sparkss. It took them 3days to bring a replacement and yes we went to dinner in mashed clothing.If that wasnt bad enough lots of stale chips, paper, qtips etc were behind the drawers and to add insult to injury the A/C was leaking which resulted in clothing being soiled. They claimed that it was fixed and placed a blower in the room and yes the carpet was wet from Tue thr Friday. Like I said to Sammy the manager they are very good with logging the calls , but they drop the ball with following up. I was given a credit of$ 172.00 for the torchure. I canceled my 7 rooms for 7nights in November because I don't think that they really care about their customers!!!Keva Adams	
Aug 25 2009 	Loved the Millenium!	For the money spent, the location, the beautiful bathroom, the view from my room, this hotel was well worth it. I didn't even notice the hard bed some are complaining about. Probably due to the fact that I was just soooooo tired from doing so much! You walk out of the hotel and turn left or right, walk about 20 steps and you are SMACK dab in the middle of EVERYTHING! Isn't that why folks go to New York City anyway? Who goes there to sleep? (LOL). I was in 7th heaven and didn't even notice the service others are complaining about. I enjoyed every minute of my stay! YES - I would go there again and again and I'm bringing my girlfriends next time!	
Aug 25 2009 	Perfect location!	We used price line to get our hotel room for a decent price (around $150/night) and spent our entire week here. The hotel room was relaxing after a long day of walking and sightseeing Manhattan. The bed was comfortable, the room was spacious, and the cleanliness of the place overall was fantastic. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It's in the heart of the Theatre district and if you love Broadway shows, they're all about 5-15 minute walking distance. I didn't give it the full 5 stars the following reasons: 1. Service could be better (not really an approachable, friendly staff at the lobby)2. You can hear the loud sound of neighboring doors as they open and close (it might just be the acoustics of where our room was located) It's just really loud and woke us up every morning when we wanted to sleep in.In light of it all, I would stay at this hotel again when we go back to NY. Who wouldn't want to stay in Times Square? It's a great location!	
Aug 24 2009	Good value good location	Stayed here for one night. The location can't be beat if going to a Broadway show. Just steps from all the theatres. The room was a decent size (esp for NYC), clean, and quiet. Great view of Times Square. Paid $185 for a King room plus tax. I couldn't imagine paying the close to $400/night which is the regular listing price, but for the price I paid it was worth it. I would try them again. My only complaint is that check-in was slooooooow. They need more people at the counter - not just one or two to help 10+ guests.	
Aug 24 2009 	check your final bill	the room was alright. I booked in the Millenium but at check-in the room was in the Premier. Over night the bill was slipped under the door and they charged me a mini-bar fee for something i didn't drink.. Then at check-out they removed that mini-bar fee but charged me another fee for something i didn't take. Just watch your bill both overnight and at check-out. just be cautious..it seemed like the Millenium Company wants to get as much as they can from you and hope you don't notice.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great location great value	Before booking this hotel, I read a lot of the reviews. There were a couple negative comments which I don't believe are justified. My wife and I spent 6 nights in this hotel. It was great, only half a block from Times Square. We were on the 37th floor and did not hear any of the street noise. The view from our room overlooked Times Square which was beautiful. We had no problems whatsoever. Clean, comfortable, and quiet. Two blocks to 42nd street subway. Only negative....they could have softer pillows. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. You should not be disappointed, unless you are expecting something ultra fancy. If you want a nice, clean room at a decent price...this is the place.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great location dull hotel poor customer service	Stayed at Millenium Broadway for 4nights this august, found the location of the hotel was great but the hotel itself was not as it appeared on its website.Found the inside of the hotel itself gloomy, smelly and old especially the carpets and bathroom. We were staying in the superior room which was more like a standard room no difference at all. Found the customer service quite poor the only person we found helpful was the concierge. Anytime you asked a question to the staff it was like they wanted to get rid of you by telling you to phone back later for the answer etc. Paid a lot of money to stay here, if you want to pay your money for a luxurious hotel best advice don't stay here if you want location times square def stay here.	
Aug 15 2009 	Always a good choice	I have sayed here several times over the years and keep coming back. The location is perfect and the price is always so much better than many of the surrounding hotels. The staff is exceptional they even help me with parking &quot;issues in NYC&quot; and advise on the best lot to use. Try to get a corner room they are so much more spacious than the side rooms. The only negative comment is that the elevators tend to be on the slow side. Everything else is great!	
Aug 13 2009 	Fantastic Experience!!!	My wife and I stayed here from July 30 to August 3rd, 2009. We had an amazing time in NYC and the hotel was located in a wonderful spot right off of times square. I would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great Hotel in Midtown Manhattan	I stayed here for two nights with my mother last August. We stayed on the 44th floor with a corner room facing Time Square. The room was clean and exceptionally large for Manhattan standards. Staff were helpful and the location could not be beat. Also, we had breakfast every morning at the deli across the street which served delicious breakfast options and sandwiches for quite reasonable prices.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great value	My wife and I stayed overnight at the Millenium after seeing a show on Broadway. When we checked in, we were offered a free upgrade to a &quot;Superior&quot; class room. The room was on the 36th floor, and was quite spacious for NYC. The view wasn't the greatest (no landmark buildings on our side of the hotel), but we were high enough to have no traffic noise.It is literally one block from Times Square and was only two blocks from the 42nd St subway entrance.If we were seeing a show again, I'd probably stay here but if I was wanting to travel around NYC to see the sights, I'd choose a different location. It was just very hard to navigate through the throngs of tourists in Times Square. It felt a lot like Disneyworld, where people in front of you will just stop walking in the middle of the sidewalk for no apparent reason. Elsewhere in the city it wasn't as crowded. The subway system is very expansive, so really any hotel near a subway stop is fine.	
Aug 9 2009 	Sound sleeping in the city that never sleeps	Booked a room for a quick trip into Manhattan to celebrate our wedding anniversary. Found a great price on the Millenium webpage--much better than the 'name your own price' sites. We were able to check in about an hour early. There was quite a line at check in as there was one clerk on duty and about 20 people checking in. They quickly added a few more clerks and we found ourselves heading up to our room.We've been in many a hotel room in Manhattan and pretty much know what to expect, view wise. We were pleasently surprised to have a view of 44th street and the Chrysler building.The room itself for large for a NYC room. King bed, dressing table with mini bar, nice sized HDTV on pedestal on top, a desk with chair, club chair, table and lamp. Overall, a nicely decorated room. Bathroom had only one sink, which was a suprise, but it was a nice sized room as well.The hotel is steps away from Broadway and Times Square, restaurant row and the theaters of Manhattan. Being so close to the 'action' in Manhattan, I was concerned there would be some noise issues. I'm happy to say, other than a few sirens, it was quiet and peaceful.We ordered breakfast from room service before we left to catch the train home. Our order was delivered quickly and correctly. The meal was delicious and arranged beautifully.Complaints? Minor issues...several small trash cans left outside our door and a chair in the hallway. The housekeeping staff were quite quick on the knock and enter in the morning. But overall, this is a fine hotel in it's category and specifically, the staff is top notch, friendly and helpful. You can't go wrong booking here and to top it off, you'll sleep well too!	
Aug 8 2009	Highly recommend this hotel	I viisited NYC with my daughter and we were pleased with this hotel in every regard - clean spacious room, quiet and comfortable, lovely large bathroom, great location. The concierge was very helpful, and gave us access to the Premier side for internet use. Lots of great dining (db Bistro was awesome!) and the theatres were in easy walking distance. Can't wait to return!	
Aug 8 2009 	Easy choise all worked great	Room was everything that could have been expected. The staff was very helpful, polite. Bar downstairs was delightful with pleasant bartenders. And the location, it could not have been better. All worked great: Brodway tickets to the door and other traveller easing functions. Only maby few of the concieres were not so thrilled to provide service. First time visit to NY. We love'd it.On a rainy day, nothing lifts your spirit more than a singing doorman.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great hotel!	Just got back from NYC. We booked this hotel with the Travelzoo special. Once we arrived they had sold out of the superior room that we had booked. They upgraded us to a suite.We were on the 51st floor with a view of 44th St. The room was clean and the staff was very friendly. Location was great. Highly recommend!	
Aug 2 2009	Great hotel for the price	My teen daughter and I stayed four nights at this hotel in July. I had reserved a room with two beds via a Travelzoo special which included an upgrade to a “superior” room. We arrived after midnight and received a suite on the 51st floor instead (according to the clerk it was the last room available). Although it was nice, I don’t feel it was worth more than a normal room, but was fine for the price I paid.It had a separate sitting room with two leather chairs, coffee table, side chairs, desk/chair with minibar and large TV. There was also a half-bath off the entry. The bedroom had only one bed, but it was king sized so we decided to accept it without complaint. The bedroom also had a dresser with large TV and closet with safe and two bathrobes. Both rooms had large windows although they weren’t “floor to ceiling” as described on the website. It was nice having a little sitting room, but it would have made much more sense to have a sofa bed instead of the chairs. The main bathroom was fairly large, with tub/shower combo and a long counter that had the sink, hairdryer, coffee maker and supplies (only tea-bag type of instant coffee and tea), with room for personal items. Shampoo, conditioner, soap &amp; lotion were supplied, and replenished daily by the very efficient maid service. We were never bothered when the “do not disturb” sign was out, and the room was always cleaned when we returned. Being near the elevators I was concerned about noise, but we never heard anything. There weren’t that many rooms on the floor so foot traffic was minimal. We had to go down one floor to get ice which was only a problem when the elevators were slow. Tried the stairs once, but it was kind of spooky :-)Internet access was $12.95/day, but there was a Starbucks with an AT&amp;T hotspot just outside the 45th Street hotel entrance. Minibar was not for personal items, but refrigerators provided when available on request (not sure if there was a fee or not). I noticed each day that the line was extremely long to leave luggage with the bell desk, so you might want to keep that in mind if needed. The staff we encountered were helpful &amp; friendly.The location is good if you want to be in the Times Square area. Plenty of dining choices and theaters nearby with the 42nd St. subway station a couple of blocks away. Nice deli across the street from the 44th Street entrance, but it wasn’t open 24-hrs, and no hot foods or salad bar offered on Sunday. There was a 24-hr. Duane Reade about a block away. Overall I felt this was a great hotel for the price, but I’d prefer to stay in another area on our next trip.	
Jul 30 2009 	Excellent Location Very Pricey	Right in the middle of Times Square we couldn't have asked for a better location. We used priceline to get our tickets, using the name your own price feature, and were able to get a room for half the normal price. We were shocked to see what the rooms actually cost when we got there, ranging from $300-$600, because they were nothing above mediocre. The room and bathroom were small and clean. There was always a very long wait for the elevators so if you had a set time for dinner reservations or a show you would have to plan accordingly since the wait for the elevator could be up to 10 minutes. We didn't have a car so we used public transportation, mostly the subways, there was a subway station just a couple blocks away. We did hear people in the hotel complaining about how expensive the parking was and how long it took the valet to get their car. Also for the price they should at least include free internet.We didn't spend much time in our room since it is NYC and there is so much to do outside so this was the perfect place to be able to come back to and sleep. If we were planning to spend more time in the hotel I would have rather stayed somewhere else for the price.	
Jul 29 2009 	nervous at first but great stay	I was very nervous about this hotel. I booked it through hotwire, so I had no idea where I was staying until the deal was made. But the hotel was great, Its lobby was never too busy and was very spacious. Very pretty. Rooms were great, we had our choice of a king or queen bed. The location was perfect, right in the middle of it all. Across the street from a few delis where the prices of meals were similar to where we live so we did not break the bank. The only complaint I have was we removed stuff from mthe mini fridge so we could put some of our own bottles of water in it, and we were charged for consuming the drinks we moved and had put back into the fridge. Although they did take it off and we never had to pay for it, It was obvious for them to see we never consumed anything out of their ridiculously priced fridge.	
Jul 28 2009 	Excelled only its mediocrity	Stayed at the Millenium for a recent July vacation to NY. Whilst the hotel is very central to times square that's where the good news ends. The room had stains on the carpet and the couch. The door had paint smeared over the lock and there was a nightcclub that backed onto the htoel, so the thud thud thud all night kept me up. Concierge was a joke, I had my wallet stolen at Macy's when I asked concierge to check for me they refused saying it would be a waste of her time. Restaurant reccomendations were also very poor. When i checked in i had to walk around the corner and through two non automatic doors with my bags. The phone stuff mumbled and were rude. Give this place a wide berth.	
Jul 24 2009 	Thank You Millennium!!!	We booked through Priceline and had never been to NYC before so we were flying blind and I was a little nervous until we actually got there. We were treated like royalty from Maria in reservations to Rubin at the front desk. The location was perfect, the room was the best we've ever had and the little touches like the Gilchrist and Soames toiletries completed the experience. We will be back	
Jul 24 2009 	Very central very stylish but very busy and very snobbish	The hotel is very easy to find, on W 44th Street off 7th Avenue. It also has a modern yet unique exterior that adds to its charm. Unfortunately, when you enter the lobby where reception can be found, it was the opposite. It was dark and very cold from the air conditioning (even though it was hot outside, I found myself shivering). When we (my mum, dad, me and my brother) went to check in, we were snapped at by the harrassed-looking man behind the desk to wait in line, even though we were the only guests checking in at the time. When he eventually dained to serve us, he could hardly speak a word of English and wasn't very welcoming at all. He didn't tell us anything about the hotel facilities (there was a swimming pool, gift shop, spa and gym that we never found) and were barked the location of the lifts when we asked where they were.The lifts were pretty fast, and the rooms were average size for a double room with 2 double beds inside. The TV was a good size with an LCD screen and Time Warner Cable, but the remotes for the TV didn't obviously come with it, so you had an extra sensor under the TV which didn't always work. The traffic noise was constant as well, even though we were on the 24th floor. The bathroom was nice and clean, but the toilet and bath were very low, and the bath very shallow. Also the flushing system of the toilet seemed to last about 10 minutes, so when you wanted to get up in the night, you woke everyone up in your room. I paid $120 a night for the room, and paid £55 for an almost identical room at the Holiday Inn in Leicester.The cleaning of the rooms started at about 8am, so if you wanted to make sure you weren't disturbed during a lie-in you had to put the Do Not Disturb sign on the door. Also a few days in a row the maids forgot to replace the coffee/tea cups in our room so we had to drink tea out of glasses! All the staff seemed pleased to help in general (those who spoke good enough English to understand you) but only if they felt like it.We breakfasted every morning in the Charlotte Lounge, which was pleasant and nicely decorated, but had the same dismal lighting as the lobby. Unfortunately when we had booked the holiday, the hotel did not inform the travel agent that there was a inclusive buffet available, so we had to order and pay for breakfast every day. In our room, the price guide for breakfast says around $40, but actually it came to around $60 (for one cooked breakfast, a plate of toast and 3 bowls of cereal). We also had to wait around 20 to 30 minutes for our meal once we had ordered, I mean how long does it take to put cereal into a bowl? They don't even serve milk at the same time, so you have to wait for that even if you have the cereal! Also, if you want any juice that isn't orange juice, you have to order it with your food and wait the amount of time above! And they still expected a tip. One server however, I must praise. I don't know his name as they didn't wear name badges, but he looked of spanish or mexican decent with spikey black hair. He served on the first morning and was the promptest server we had. We had him a few days later, and he could remember what drinks we wanted so we had them even quicker! A worthy man for a tip if anyone was. The men outside of the hotel who hailed taxis, cars and limos was also very polite and obliging, so he deserves a mention too. Unfortunately, other staff members who saw fit to mill around the lobby all day (I don't even know what they were employed for) stared at you mercilessly whenever you went in and out of the hotel, as though you were some sort of prisoner on day release, not guests! I hate to criticise anything about my stay in New York, as I had such an amazing time, but this hotel was supposed to make me feel welcome to a foreign city, but actually made me feel the opposite. Other people may have a great time at the Millennium Broadway, I on the other hand, was unfortunate to have not.	
Jul 23 2009 	Mediocre Hotel	I would consider it a 3 star hotel as opposed to 4 stars as everything in the room &amp; common area was pretty plain &amp; not exactly the cleanest. Bedding was rather uncomfortable &amp; furniture a bit old. Only plus was that location was amazing &amp; we had a discount from Travelzoo.	
Jul 16 2009 	Excellent Location Big Rooms for NYC Lived up to Expectations	Stayed there on the first night of our Honeymoon in NYC, and picked the mid-range room (not the smallest, and not a suite), so we were expecting a 'nice' room, but not necessarily huge or out of this world. A little on the expensive side, but you're right in the heart of NYC, so I guess that's to be expected. The room was quite big, with comfy king size bed, 2 chairs and a table, and a 32&quot; LCD TV. They DO charge for wifi, so be aware if you take your laptop with you. Thankfully, this is NYC, so position your bum near the window, and you'll be fine. Thanks for keeping your internet connections open people!Didn't LIVE in the room 24/7, because NYC is all about exploring, night and day, and there's nowhere better for seeing the Big Apple than right in Times Square. It's about 2 mins walk down the block, and from there, you can get the subway to wherever. I'd recommend exploring when you get there for breakfast type food. The hotel IS expensive for anything to eat, and there's a bagel shop and grocery store just down the street where the local commuters all seem to stop in the morning. That was our breakfast most mornings, and meant we could explore and shop all day.If you're in NYC, I'd definitely go to Top of the Rock at the Rockerfeller centre. it's a 360 view of NYC over 3 floors, and it's MUCH better than the Empire State Building - since for a start, you can SEE the Empire State Building in the NYC skyline. Very impressive.Since you're so near Broadway, I'd recomend seeing a show. Definitely look up the Wicked Lottery on google if you want wicked tickets but don't want to pay $180 each. We queued up for an hour with 200 other people for 13 pairs of tickets, and were drawn out of the hat twice. We gave our second pair of tickets back though. If you want to see a different show, the TKTS booth in Time Square is only 5 minutes walk away. Very nice hotel, well positioned, fabulous service, and ideal for exploring NYC. Just don't order room service! Cha-ching!	
Jul 15 2009 	great location spacy room	you cannot dream of a better location in nyc, if you arrive to have fun. room was quite spacy for nyc standards, with a nice view towards times square. the room as we were informed was renovated recently, but bathroom (tiny) worn and definitely in need for renovation. reception staff and concierge very nice and helpful. cleaning service to be improved. elevators old but working :-) drinks in a lobby bar expensive. starbucks just at the back entrance. great american style restaurant on 44th st just opposite the main entrance. if you open the mini-bar you will be charged even if you take nothing, so you'd better order the second fridge which they bring immediately and is free of charge. if you feel like your own coffee or tea, they bring you coffee machine free of charge. we will probably come back to this hotel considering its perfect location and spacy room.	
Jul 8 2009 	Good size roo for NYC at a price that was just right	Booked a great package deal with airfare from my city which amounted to about $140 per night here. Nice clean and newly remodled room with plasma TV, leather chairs and an awesome King bed. We got a corner room on the 24th floor which is a little low so you may hear some Times Square noise but did not bother me. I think the corner rooms are larger (that is what the deask clerk told me) and it was great by New York standards. God and powerful shower with Speakman head made for a good start. Only down was the Folger's coffee &quot;bags&quot;...so bring your own as it will work with the pot.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Location 3 star Hotel Friendly Staff	Fantastic Times Square location for good price. Clean room, good bar, steps from all the action at Times Square. Great for families with young adults, teenagers. KC	
Jul 4 2009 	Very Average Hotel...	This hotel is an average hotel in a great location.. The rooms are quite large for New York standard, but other than that I dont think it has much going for it... Very basic and average hotel... I think the 3.5 star rating of this hotel is very generous.	
Jul 2 2009 	Where a reservation doesn't mean anything is reserved	I want to give a little background on my typical hotel stays. I usually stay in Hilton and Marriott brand hotels. Also, the last time I was in NYC was less than a month ago and I stayed in the Westin on 43rd street. I am writing this review from my room at the Hilton on 42nd street at Times Square. We shopped around and found the Millennium on Broadway on Travelzoo and felt like it was a great deal. We booked the Superior Room for a 6 night stay in NYC. The other couple we were traveling with did the same. When we arrived (took a limo which was great) from the airport the hotel was really nice on the outside and the lobby was clean and nice as well. When we went to check in we were told that there were no Superior Rooms available and we could either wait until later that evening on the off chance that one would become available or could take a standard room on a lower floor. Honestly, once you make a reservation, 2 months in advance, you expect the room to be reserved..... especially when they have the credit card information on file. We felt that we had to take the lesser room because we honestly had no where to go. As the lady at the desk told us &quot;at least you will be sure that you have a place to sleep&quot;. We are already frustrated and entered to find a room with small holes in the wall. The map shade had a burn hole in it. The entire room smelled strongly of rubbing alcohol. The worst part was the hardness of the bed. That had to be the hardest bed I have ever thought of sleeping on. We called our friends who had also checked in. They also had a Superior room reserved but were told that the hotel was oversold. Because there were none of these rooms available they were put into the tower. Instead of being on a high floor facing Times Sqare (this was the reservation) they were on the 8th floor facing nothing. The sounds of the street were very audible from the room. They had also booked a King Size Room and ended up with a queen size bed. I went downstairs to ask about another room and was once again told that there was nothing available. However, as I am standing there other people are booking into rooms that are on much higher floors and are Superior rooms. The explanation was that these were reserved rooms and she was &quot;not really sure off what was going on&quot;. They did offer to put us on a waiting list and if something better came open they would move us themselves as long as our luggage was packed.Our friends in the tower complained that there room was very small and they could not get the room to cool below 79 degrees. The maintenance people told them there was really nothing wrong and it was just hot outside (82 degrees on that day).After becoming very frustrated with shady character of management at this hotel I relented. I called down the street and found a nice comfortable room at the Hilton on 42nd street. This hotel obviously overbooks rooms. In addition, if you are able to get a discounted rate you are treated as a 3rd class citizen. I am not knocking the staff, just the management of this place. Some rooms may be nice and I understand that the tower has better beds. The problem is you just don't know where you will end up. A reservation at this hotel doesn't really mean a lot and they will place you in whatever room and floor they feel like. When you take a vacation you should be able to enjoy your stay and not have to really think about your hotel. We moved to a different hotel because I didn't want to deal with the irritation of this hotel every single day.In short, the location is great, but the management is horrible. In my opinion they are simply trying to turn a dime and the service and professionalism is second. I cannot recommend this anyone and apologize several times to our friends for their stay. I truly feel that this was a bait and switch con game.	
Jul 1 2009 	Wow! Will Be Returning!	Excellent hotel! Excellent service! We had booked a Superior king room. Upon check in we were offered a &quot;suite&quot; in the &quot;other tower&quot; on the 20th floor with free internet and seperate living area for $50 more a night, but we turned it down. Mainly because my sister and her hubby were across the street in a suite on the 43rd floor of the Marriott Marquis overlooking times square, and we were aiming for a higher floor than them. When I told the man checking us in this, he was happy to play along and we were assigned a room on the 48th floor. The room was not huge of course, but had floor to ceiling windows and a nice view with glimpses of the river and we could even see the Empire state building peeking out from behind the sea of skyscrapers. Okay, no suite, but a sweet view!The room had a very large flat panel tv, coffee maker, window that would open, and was decorated beautifully. It was a bit noisy and we could hear almost everything from the hallway, but that was not too much of a bother.Only one problem with the business center, and the printer there not working when my husband had to print off something - but the concierge directed us to a Kinko's nearby where we were able to use a computer and print what we needed.We got a great deal at $159 a night, and if we are ever back to NYC, will certainly be trying to get this deal again. Excellent hotel!	
Jun 28 2009 	Tip top...	Having been to New York on a number of occasions I'm fairly knowledgeable on the place, what to do, what to see et cetera but hotels were always a bit of an issue for me. Trying to get a good deal always seemed a bit tricky. However, I stayed in the Millennium Broadway for 5 nights and I payed less than £100 per night! For a hotel that is quite literally a 45 second walk to Times Square that is an absolute bargain. Also throw into the equation that their rooms are generally marketed at over £200 per night.The rooms have everything you'll need, my only complaint was that the door access swipe card thingy was rather choosy about when it would let me into the room. I'm sure you can appreciate, that is the very last thing you want when you've spent the day pretending to be Irish on St Patrick's Day and all the alcohol consumed is now needing to find an escape! This was fixed though after a quick call to reception. Very helpful.So all in all, a fantastic place. A great hotel in which to base yourself but unless someone else is paying your bill, don't pay their asking price!!	
Jun 27 2009 	It was okay	Stayed here as a stopover after a cruise. The front desk personnel were not friendly at all, and one was bordering on rude all because we arrived early. We had not planned to check in, just to ask them to store luggage until our room was ready (which I was assured before booking that this was okay) The housekeeper on our floor was always sitting out on the furniture on her cell phone and kept asking us when we were checking out so she could clean. The room was clean, but the shower did have moldy looking stuff growing in the corner of the tub. There was no blanket on the bed, just a slippery comforter that kept falling off during the night and I was cold most of the night. Internet service is $12.95 for 24 hours. Location was perfect and centrally located, and the room was quiet and very spacious. The one thing that saves this hotel from a horrible review was the bell men. Every single one was incredibly nice, would talk to us and they were most helpful. It was okay for the price we paid since we got a deal through Travelzo, but had I paid full price I would have been most unhappy.	
Jun 26 2009 	FANTASTIC LOCATION COMFORTABLE AND VERY WELL ATTENDED!	We just returned from a 3-night stay at the Millenium and really enjoyed this hotel. Location...was our prime criteria for hotel selection. Well! It's just perfect! So close to everything. A few steps from Times Square and nearby subway (helps to get to shopping spots!!!). We were provided the room requested upon booking (through hotels.ca) i.e. 2 singles and upper floor. Room 4509 provides a nice view of Times Square (sideways). Our room was very clean upon arrival and throughout our stay. It's a little small but...it's New York so we were expecting this. Beds are comfortable. We requested a fridge at Reception one morning and it was delivered a few hours after. Very efficient and friendly (and yet courteous) service at Reception. We asked Concierge to recommend restaurants...recommendations were so-so (and the address of one of the restaurant provided was wrong...wrong street!!). If you are a sushi lover, try the Sushi Zen (on 44th Street) a few steps from the hotel. I've eaten in a lot of sushi places in my life but never encountered anything as delicious, beautiful to look at (the plate) and excellent service. Another fun place to go for happy hour and dinner is the Havana Club on 46th Street. Nice latin ambiance (Cuban live band after 8:00 p.m.), nice decor and real Cuban food with a little New York touch. That trip was fantastic. We had a good time and I only dream to go back soon! And, yes, I will book at the Millenium again and recommend to anyone who asks for great location, clean, nice and comfortable room + safe place.	
Jun 26 2009 	Not what I expected...	My husband and I celebrated our one year anniversary in NYC from June 20-22. We chose the Millenium Broadway for it's location, and it appeared to be a decent hotel.The morning of our stay I called the hotel from home to request a refrigerator in the room because my husband and I were bringing a few slices of our wedding cake to enjoy on the 21st. I was told it would not be a problem. When we checked in about 3 hours later our room was not ready, which was fine. I again requested that a refrigerator be added. A room was ready for us around 1:30 P.M. and when I went up to the room there was no refrigerator. I called the front desk and was told that they do not have any left and that I may be able to get one for Monday. I was disappointed, but we decided just to eat the cake that day so it didn't spoil. Our room smelled very musty and was not as clean as I would have expected. The comforter had some stains on it, the smoke detector was hanging out of the wall and didn't seem in working order. One of the lamps in the room did not work. Our bathroom did not seem very clean either. The toilet had hair on it, the glasses were dirty, and it just didn't feel very clean at all.The positive aspects of this hotel were the concierge and the location. The concierge was eager to help us make dinner reservations for both nights of our stay. On the first night we ate at a sushi place right down the street which was moderately priced and decent. The second night we got reservations to IL Cantinori which had fabulous food!Overall, if you are looking for a good location in Times Square, this is perfect for that. If you expect a clean room, then this hotel will disappoint you. It might be worth it to spend the extra money and go down to the Westin a few blocks down.	
Jun 25 2009 	Cut Backs Obvious 	I will begin this review by saying that over the last 3 or 4 years we have stayed at the Millennium Hotel Broadway several times and have always enjoyed our stay. It reached the point the bell captains recognized us upon our return visits and were the 1st to greet us and make us feel welcome. On June the 13th we began a road trip and wanted it to start on a bright note, so we thought the Millennium would be a perfect. start.. After getting our usual welcome greeting it was all down hill from there. The room they placed us in was NOT what we had booked so the switched us to 4011. We went in dropped our luggage went to St. Patrick's, then shopping and to dinner, when we returned to the room our 1st stop was at the bathroom. Much to my horror, there was a large BUG going up the wall. (Which I killed in a tissue to take to the front desk) then I looked around, the soap in the tub was covered with hair, the toiletteries where half filled and it was clear the bath room was not cleaned after the last guests....I took the bug down stairs to showed to evening supervisor aka hotel manager... Her response to everything I said was &quot;I am sorry&quot; I am sorry&quot; she then said she would switch our room and she would call us in the morning to straighten out the problem/ At this point it was almost 11PM...But no one ever showed up to assist us with the move to the new room 4008. We had to do it ourselves!!! When we got into the new room, the 1st thing I tried to check was the condition of the bathroom....however, the lights were blown along with the lamp in the bedroom area.... 2 calls had to be made before someone was finally sent to the room at almost mid-night.... The following day I awaited the call from the supervisor ,as had been promised, until almost noon time... but none came.... We finally gave up and headed out.... When we returned there were no messages from anyone.... at that point I reconciled that the incompetency of the staff was not going to spoil my 48 hour NYC stay, so i chose to straigthen it out on my time ... when I was checking out. The following morning we went to the desk to check out and asked to see the supervisor.... another person who &quot;claimed to be the supervisor on duty&quot; kept us waitng for almost 15 minutes, appeared and the only thing she kept saying was &quot;I am sorry&quot; .. by now it was obvious that the quality of the customer care had been programed down to &quot;I am sorry&quot; ...... She did offer to pay for one night's parking ($59) which I told her was unacceptable and that I would rather pay for it myself... her response.... you guessed it.... &quot;I am sorry&quot; When I asked if her supervisor was in the hotel... she said no not until after 4PM..... At that point we left because our car had arrived from valet and was sitting out front&quot;In conclusion, I was very disappointed in the cut backs at the hotel and in particular the cut back in the cleanliness area.... there is no excuse for bugs, and dirty rooms and essential equipment that is not operating. I am sad to say that after many GREAT stays with the Millennium, I think thier qualty has slipped faster than the stock market and they have reached &quot;junk&quot; status.	
Jun 23 2009 	Soap Me	We stayed at the Millenium in June, 2009, in room 4812. I thought it was odd to find only one tiny bar of soap in the bathroom when we checked in. Normally, there would be one on the sink and one in the shower. But, not here. It is an odd way to conserve money. The location of the hotel is superb - 44th and Broadway - and the service people are very nice and accomodating. Our only other issue was with the Concierge, who failed to write down my request for dinner reservations at the Minetta Lane Cafe and booked us into the Minerva, a restaurant I'd not requested or ever heard of. She cancelled the reservations but didn't return my tip, of course.	
Jun 23 2009 	Fantastic central hotel	Hotel is very central..about 20m away from times square! Some rooms look out onto times square. Can get subway and all tour buses in a minutes walk. Hotel rooms only from 16th floor upwards so can not hear the hussel and bussel from busy street below. Rooms were large with nice size bathroom. Had 32inch fletscreen tv and mini fridge. Staff at reception, consierge and ticket desk were very helpful. They cashed travellers cheques and recommended places to eat/drink.HINT: ask the ticket both in hotel about broadway shows, but it is possible to get cheaper tickets at TKTS in middle times square (only on day of show)	
Jun 21 2009 	Customer Service is HORRIBLE!	I booked 3 months ago through Expedia - hotel booked the wrong date for 1 of my rooms - Expedia could not fix it as hotel would not cooperate - finally got it fixed and arrived expecting adjoining rooms due to special needs issue. Assured altough not guaranteed that adjoining room would be provided - checked in told not available and no one even apologized for inconvenience. Spoke with Manager Sammy who was less than empathetic and told me adjoining room was not available for the night - that was beacuse an hour later, someone else was in it!Watch the doorman who yells nasty comments at you if you don't acknowledge him yelling &quot;Taxi, Taxi?&quot; as you walk out the door - he actually yelled back at me 'I guess not!&quot; Can you imagine!The beds are extremely hard - Not kidding - they have no box springs -just mattress and wooden bed platform - very uncomfortable and hard - light and phone did not work - had to call maintenence - bathroom smelled like mold (kinda like wet laundry that you have left in the washer for 2 days) - and the toilet was crooked and the grout was cracking all around it - After all of the issues with trying to get them to correct my reservation - my reward was floor 25 overlooking one of the alleys - I tell you with service and customer appreciation like this - who needs 5 stars right?The highlight of the evening was when the color matching 'Wet floor' sign which was the size of a business card was placed at the lobby entrance and my niece slipped on the wet floor, hurt her knee and was miserable for the rest of the night/next day - didn't bother to report it - why bother? They would probably have laughed at us based upon our other experiences! If you and your family are looking to spend $ 800 on hotel rooms for 1 nights stay and haven't booked this hotel yet - DON'T - the Rennissance or the Hilton are just as close and comparable in price - my suggestion - go there as the Millennium must have so much business that they just don't care whether you come there or not - ...... at least that is the way they treated us!:))) This made me feel much better!	
Jun 21 2009 	Great locationsuperb staff-wonderful experience!	Amazing location surpassed only by the great hotel staff. Beatiful lobby, nice spacious rooms. A great choice when you visit NY, when your business has a function or a family event.	
Jun 19 2009 	Lovely elegant central to everything--we felt pampered!	I've stayed in nice hotels before, but never one with the elegance and service of the Broadway Millineum. We were able to book it for a bargain--New Yorkers are particularly happy to have their tourists this scary financial year, and we felt nothing but pampered, from the beautiful black marble and rich wood architecture of the lobby, to the silky sheets and the skyline view of NYC. Just a 5 min. walk to fine restaurants, Time Square, Broadway Shows and 5th Avenue shopping, and you could find a terrific breakfast across the street for under $5 or an elegant brunch for as much as you'd like to spend. Would absolutely book this one again!	
Jun 17 2009 	Great stay	Excellent location + friendly staff + clean and spaceouss room.We asked for an early check-in at the front desk and we received it promptly.We used the restaurant a few times and the service was nice. Location is fantastic.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great staff location	Booked this hotel for a one night Saturday stay in April through hotels.com. When we arrived they did not have any of the King size rooms that we had booked (they had us staying in a queen room)...my friend was pregnant and we didn't think we'd both be comfortable in a queen bed so we asked if anything could be done...gentleman at the front desk upgraded us to a King suite that had TWO bathrooms...perfect for two ladies! Great location in the middle of Times Square, walked to John's pizza for dinner and a movie around the corner after that. Generous check-out time at 12 noon made it easy to sleep in and relax a bit. Parking was $56 for one night, door to door concierge service which was great. Would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 15 2009 	Wow! You've got to stay here!	This hotel was fantastic! I've stayed at other hotels in Times Square before and this one is by far the best one. When we checked in they got us an incredible room on a higher floor at a corner which meant that we had great views. It was also a great size and we had more than enough space. The staff was very accommodating and friendly. The concierge (Erik) was awesome and recommended one of the best Italian restaurants we had ever eaten in (Tramonti Ristorante). The concierge was very helpful with directions and even printed instructions for subways, etc. The room was extremely clean and nicely decorated. The bed was very comfortable. We were just steps from all of the life of Times Square. We plan a visit later this year and will definitely stay at this hotel again! :)	
Jun 11 2009 	Great location nice room.	The location was great, the staff was okay, didnt seem as friendly as other hotels Ive been to. The room was nice. Great view of the city.	
Jun 11 2009 	Terrific choice for NYC	Excellent location in the heart of TImes Square, near shows, shopping, pretty much everything! We heard very little street noise. Our room was near the elevator so we heard some of that noise; ask for a room further a way. Our room was small-ish, like all NYC hotels that aren't horribly expensive, but not cramped, and well appointed. Nice bathroom, although shower pressure was low. The room lacked a desk, but they gave us a fridge for free when we asked. The concierge/theatre desk staff, with one exception, were extremely helpful and knowledgeable. All the staff were friendly -- felt more like the South than New York. No free Wifi in rooms, but there's a Starbucks next door with it. The bar hours were a little irregular.	
Jun 9 2009 	Fantastic location clean rooms friendly service	It doesn't get any better than this! If you are looking for a clean room in the heart of Time Square, you won't go wrong! We got a fantastic deal with a code from Travel Zoo. This hotel allowed us to put three people per double double room. There was plenty of space and they provided extra towels. We were in a &quot;superior&quot; room. The view from our room did not overlook Time Square, but the view was definately NYC. This hotel is right across the street from ABC studio where they film Good Morning America. Of course, we had tickets, so it was easy to be there at 6:00 a.m! (If you don't have tickets, show up anyway, they film outside on the street). The entertainment of Time Square is non-stop 24 hours and this hotel is an oasis to keep you in the action, yet rested. Most Broadway theaters are within walking distance. You can't go wrong wtih this hotel. I would recommend it to anyone!	
Jun 9 2009 	Great Location	Rooms were good size, excellent location, service was fair, bing we got woke up by security at 7:00 am. and the fact that they really never booked us in, and we had pre-paid for the room. Other than that it was a great hotel.	
Jun 9 2009 	Fantastic!	Location first of all was amazing! Literally, 10 steps to the middle of times square - so close, but you couldnt hear it! We stayed on the 19th floor, and the views from our window were fine...you could see the edge of times square - im sure higher up and youd see more...but since we hardly spent time there it didnt matter! The service was great, the room fab, beds comfy....but mainly the location....right in the heart of Times Square, it made it easy to get around. The bus tour people are right there, and you're only a short walk to everything. Recommendation for breakfast is a place called Juniors....they do the best coffee, pancakes, fruitcups and cheescake in NY!!! Its round the back of the MTV studios! Roxys is ok...but very overpriced, and the people in Juniors are a lot friendlier!	
Jun 8 2009 	Excellent hotel - highly recommended	Stayed here for one night May 28. Have stayed in other hotels in NYC and would definitely return to the Millenium Broadway. Sooo handy for Macys, Times Square, subway etc. Was clean and the room was larger than I expected. Not a bit of dirt/dust in sight.Check in was fast and (New York!) friendly but this is what I expect. I found the desk staff helpful at all times (especially the very helpful guy at the door who advised me that it could be difficult to get a taxi to Grand Central on a Fri afternoon as the taxis would be looking for airport runs. Also advised me that I could easily walk it - how nice was that??)Also when I inquired about a late check out the guy at the desk told me that if I could get a late check out until 1pm but stressed that if i was 1 minute over that time, I would be charged a further fee.Luckily, I didnt move the drinks in the fridge as I read the warning note but I realise this could easily be missed.Provided - hairdryer, ironing board and iron, good towels, spare pillows (godsend for the other half)All in all, a VERY pleasant stay.(Nice, reasonable Mexican restaurant across the road as well for good measure - Viva Pancho!)	
May 28 2009 	Great location great service and great view	Some people are just way too picky here. You're in the city, there will be buildings blocking your view MOST of the time.We had a problem from the get go, our key didn't work. So we had to call the front desk and they had someone come up right away to let us in, he told us that we'd have to get new keys and that we could pick them up next time we leave the hotel. So we get in the room and its nice, clean and all is well. Eventually the guy said that they'd have to change out the lock in the door, and that they WOULD put us in another room but they were all booked up completely, so he offered us free breakfast (around $50 worth of food) so that made up for it! The guy was supposed to change the lock while we were out that day (memorial day) but he didn't because he was off.. So we had to call the desk again and get him to let us in our room. This guy was very embarrassed at the situation and told us that he would see what rooms had opened up. We got moved to a deluxe room (more space) and it was awesome! They consistently made up for their shortcomings which is what good service is all about. At checkout we find out that we have a ton of mini bar charges.. We moved the stuff out and set it on the tv stand so that we could put our stuff in there (we didn't read the little sign.. .. ), and you pay for whatever you move in the fridge.. :( They guy waved all of that fee immediately and didn't screw us. which was VERY nice.Overall the experience there was great. We didn't have to catch our bus until 4:00pm on monday so we wanted to spend more time in NYC, but we didn't want to lug our bags around. We were able to get the hotel to hold our bags for us while we saw the city some more after we checked out, which was so nice.. sooo niceGreat hotel, great service. If ever they make a mistake,they make up for it. thumbs up.	
May 28 2009 	Perfect perfect perfect - at the right price...!	Having booked this hotel at a discounted rate on hotels.com, I wasn't expecting too much, but I (and the rest of my friends) was blown away by it. The location was PERFECT, literally right off Times Square, yet not noisy. We were on the 36th floor and the views were amazing, my partner and I have the Chrysler Building, whilst our friends looked out directly onto Times Square. Rooms were huge and clean; the bed was gigantic!We were here for 3 nights before flying out to Vegas, and returned to the Comfort Inn Midtown for 3 more nights (at a more expensive rate) which was no where near the quality of this hotel. If (and when) I return to New York I will most definatly be staying here again.	
May 27 2009 	Be prepared to pay 1 more days charges - if you forget to check-out sharp at 12 noon	We had the worst experience at the hotel:Firstly, I requested for Time square view while booking, but they never alloted onw ith good view to me.Secondly, I requested for a King size bed but i was given a romm with Queen size bed, We(me , my wife and 1 yr old baby) had to adjust on that small bed.Thirdly, they invoiced us for the mini bar stuff, just because we moved some bottles here and there in the refrigirator. I had to fight to get those charges waived.Forthly, They charge 13$ per day for the internet which most hotels offer free of cost.Last but not least, You have to check the hotle out strictly at 12 noon. By mistake we stayed in the hotel a couple of hours more and we had to pay i full day rent (199$). I fought with the staff on getting those late check -out charges waived off but they were neither courious nor helpful. It was really painful to pay 200$ for just a couple of hours extra spent in the hotle by mistake. Though i styaed in the hotel for 4 days they were not coutious enough to allow us to stay couple of hours extra.They seem to be professionalised in misleading and letting guests commit mistake of a little late check out and then slap them with one more day charges. The room access card won't stop working immidietely after the due time. The purposely keep it active untill another couple of hours and then call you to tell that you will have to pay another day's charges.Over all it was terrible experience and i wouldn't recommend any one to this hotel.	
May 25 2009 	Disappointing	We stayed at this Hotel for two nights. The view was awful, we have paid less for a better view! Asked about upgrade to a different room got a blank faced stare from across the counter.... The lobby was very nice. The room smelled quite odd/bad and the carpet was gross. There were stains on the pillow covers.	
May 25 2009 	Adequete hotel in good location	Arrived in the afternoon and check-in was fast but service was not very welcoming nor responsive. The hotel building is probably fairly old and rooms as well as common areas have been renovated / upgraded in different phases. The lobby was a long hallway but only had a fairly small area to sit around with 3 sofas and a few chairs. Hotel restaurant had a rather dim / dark look to it. Black was the general color of the lobby / restaurant area.Had a room on the 51st floor with views towards the Chrysler building. Room door was probably from the 80s and lock / bolt system didn't feel very secure. Wasn't very sound proof either as you could clearly hear people walking in the corridor or opening / closing the other doors in the corridor which didn't help sleeping in the morning. Neither did the maid who went around in the morning knocking on doors and practically yelling &quot;room service&quot;. Room itself was clean and had adequate space for working and arranging belongings. Views were also nice. The location of the hotel is very convenient with a 2 minute walk to Times Square and 5 minutes to the 5th Avenue (shopping). Restaurants are pretty touristic around Times Square but you can always take the subway / taxi to other areas.All in all, I would recommend this if you want to be close to the Times Square area and if you can get a discount / affordable price package for your stay. Clean, tidy but nothing out of the ordinary.	
May 25 2009 	Perfect Hotel in NYC	What a wonderful hotel. Stayed here in December 2008 and what more can I say. Rooms were lovely, modern, clean and very spacious. Hotel was perfectly located in the heart of times sqaure with everything you need at your finger tips. Staff were very helpful but not in your face (which I like). Was abit concerned when I read other travellers reviews but I guess some people are just very hard to please. I would stay here again if I was returning to New York.	
May 21 2009 	Very good value for money	We were rescued by a nice lady at the reservation desk who managed to find us a very nice room for 6 nights at a great rate on the evening of our arrival. The hotel is extremely well situated, rooms are large and very comfy (even if not really my taste of deco-style) and well maintained. We had a corner room on one of the higher floors and the view on the City was stunning.Breakfast/Restaurant/Lounge could definitely be much better, but you don't go to NYC to spend your time at the restaurant of your hotel... so simply book accommodation only and go eat and drink outside !	
May 20 2009 	perfect location but not sure how clean	We stayed at this hotel for two nights. It was a great location. Easy access to everything, including the subway, Times Square, shopping, and Broadway. When we arrived the room smelled like chlorine. I wondered if our room was near a pool. The room was a decent size for NYC and well appointed (nice sitting area, tv, lighting). There were only 2 towels in the room and they were thin and worn. While this hotel has many positives, there was nothing extra to give it any feel of luxury. The sheets were rough and our comforter had a gross stain on it. It looked like blood. They corrected the situation immediately but for a hotel in such a great location with so much to offer there could be a few small revisions (linens especially) to give that extra feeling of luxury.	
May 15 2009 	Awesome beautiful Hotel	Never have i been so happy with a hotel like this. Great location, great price. The hotel is on Times Square - can you beat that? Such a convenient location, staff were so friendly and made us feel very homely. Bell desk always helped us in getting a Cab. Rooms very very very spacious for New York standards. Toilets were very clean. Beds were a little hard. Had to pay 13 $ a night for the internet. Overall thoroughly enjoyed the hotel.	
May 15 2009 	Excellent value if you use Priceline	Just returned from a two day stay (mid-week) at the Millennium Broadway. I bid on Priceline using tips from biddingfortravel.com - very helpful. Was able to check in at 11 a.m. with no problem - the front desk staff was helpful and polite. Room on the 41st floor (with views of the Chrysler Building and Times Square) was very clean. Did hear some sirens from the Times Square area, but was not bothered. Extra blankets came in handy at night. There is free internet next door on the 45th street side at Starbucks, or at the great deli across on 44th street. No extra charges, as I didn't touch the minibar or snack drawer. Was able to check my bag after checkout for a few hours - again, staff was very friendly. Location was stupendous (saw 3 Broadway shows in 2 days). Room size (2 beds) was very comfortable. Would happily stay here again, if the price was right!	
May 12 2009 	Fantastic location  great for everything	Great hotel right by Times Sq handy for buses / subway and everything New York.Couldn't be more centrally located. We were on the 35th floor so had great views.	
May 10 2009 	Great location but disappointing in terms of service	I was there with friend for Easter week end. One of my friends had been there before on a business trip and really enjoyed this hotel mainly for its location. For sure location is amazing, near Broadway, close to subway station etc. But the staff was not the best. Front desk staff was rather rude and not friendly. Housekeeping was rather far from satisfactory considering the hotel's category! For example when we got to our room on the Friday afternoon there was a tray with food leftovers in front of the room next door to ours, this tray was still there when we left on the Sunday!!! I would probably not stay at that hotel again...	
May 10 2009 	Very nice hotel with GREAT location	We stayed 2 nights here on a business trip. The location cannot be beat. We could see the Times Square ball from our room 2010. The beds were a little hard for me and the door to the closet was broke but other than that, it was a nice stay. GREAT TV and goon internet service.	
May 9 2009 	Location location location	We thought we were scuppered when we opened the hotel bedroom door and smelled the overpowering pong from the toilet cleaner. It was awful!! Once the room had aired a bit with the windows open it was ok and the bed was very comfortable ( soft beds give us both back ache - this mattress was just right). You can get the right temperature in the room with the heater/blower and on the 36th floor we could have the windows open even though we were overlooking Times square. I can't understand why people have complained about being cold, with the heater on you don't need too many bedclothes anyway! Beware if you have a mooch through the mini bar! I picked up a standard bag of M&amp;M's, showed it to my husband saying &quot;Guess how much they want for these?&quot; and then realised that there was a note saying that if anything is taken from they tray it automatically gets charged to your room. Ooops!! No way am I paying $5.00 - YES read it brothers and sisters - $5.00 - for a small bag of M&amp;M's however much I need a fix. I mentioned it to the desk staff on our way out and the charge was removed from our account. Friendly and helpful desk staff, housekeeping good and the location makes it handy for just about anything. I would stay there again but I think we've &quot;done&quot; NYC now.	
May 5 2009 	Most pleasant and helpful staff of anywhere I have ever stayed.	My daughter-in-law and I took my granddaughter to NYC for her 16th birthday, and we only chose to stay at the Millennium Broadway so she would have the 'Times Square Experience.' Wow! What a pleasant surprise. I will definitely stay at this hotel for future visits. Times Square has always been a bit too busy to suit my taste; however, I am persuaded by the lovely room, the wonderful restaurant and the attentive staff to return in the future.	
May 2 2009 	Phenomenal hotel in unbeatable location	Did I spell &quot;phenomenal&quot; correctly? That would be the word I would use to describe this hotel. Our corner room was on the 50th floor of this 52 floor building -overlooking Times Square. We were a few hundred feet from the Good Morning America studio, and perhaps a block to the Times Square/42nd Street massive subway station. It is very easy to get to other parts of the city, including the boroughs, from this location. We were a 5 minute walk to the Palace Theater, where West Side Story is playing. We got the cheap seats and it was fantastic. So you get that the location was perfect. The hotel itself - we thought it was stunning, and we really have been around. Very tasteful lobby - very dark. Rooms were tasteful and bright. We just could not have asked for more. The service was fine. We did not utilize room service during our stay, so I cannot speak to that, but any assistance we needed was readily provided by the staff. Directions, questions - the same questions they have all heard a thousand times - answered pleasantly. It was service the way I like it - unobtrusive but easily available. Desk, concierge, bell - all great. And, apparently due to the off-kilter economy, we got a rate that I would never expect to see again. I really feel that we got much more than we paid for. There is just nothing negative I can say about this wonderful hotel.	
May 1 2009 	Outstanding	I stayed at this hotel in February 2009. I had a fantastic stay, managed to break the handle on the loo but it was fixed by the time I had returned a few hours after reporting it. I found the staff to be pleasant and very helpful. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and I am staying here again 25th-31st May and 17th-21st December. I wouldn't book again if it wasn't a high standard hotel. As all the other reviews state, you cannot beat the location.	
May 1 2009 	Where's the service	I took my mom to NY for the first time. She had wanted to see it for a very long time. The location of this hotel is great. However, they didn't stock us with conditioner, lotion, shower cap, nor a do not disturb sign. So i was irritated that i had to tip for housekeeping to bring things that should have been in my room already. It wasnt the cleanest place either. I would rather have stayed down the street in one of the other hotels.	
Apr 30 2009 	Spoiled by the lack of simple service. Not a quality experience but not a disaster!	The hotel isn't bad...clean but a bit jaded. Our booking for a Superior Room with King size bed wasn't honoured and we ended up with 2 doubles (not the most romantic aspect of our 30th wedding anniversay tour!)The staff were somewhat passive aggressive...you know, never rude but quite offhand and really couldn't care less. No ice machine....a request for a fridge (3 times and over 12 hours to get it delivered to the room..by a guy who wouldn't speak to us!!) It was a little bizarre. I certainly didn't feel that I was made welcome (and that's a first for us in NYC) The Sheraton (albeit the Essex House at the time) certainly provided a quality experience in comparison. Not sure if I would give Millennium another try. Location is central but our view (even on the 49th floor) was disappointing. The promised free wi-fi in the lobby was unavailable too.Overall....not a quality experience but not a disaster!	
Apr 30 2009 	Awesome Location! Great Hotel!	We just got back from a 3 day stay at this hotel and loved it. The location is 50 yards from Broadway and Times Square. We walked to many places from here and the subway was only 2 blocks away if an attraction was too far. Great shows and restaurants near by. Very safe as Times Square is full of police. Hotel staff was very friendly and super helpful. Room was great, no issues except for the view which really had nothing for us, not sure how other rooms are. Good gym. I booked this hotel through priceline and got an amazing deal. I would go back here again for sure.	
Apr 29 2009 	Fantastic Location! Lovely Hotel!!	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nts from the 17th April. It was my first visit to New york and i was celebrating my birthday. The Room was amazing, we were on the 47th Floor and could see Times Square. The room had a widescreen television, huge king size bed (even though we asked for two beds but these were only available, but glad we got this room now!), en suite bathroom with tea/coffee making facilties.The hotel itself has two entrances one on West 44th street and West 45th Street, if you turn left out of both entrances and walk literally a minute you will be in Times Square and near most of the broadway shows, which is a must!! I knew this hotel was close by looking at brochures but this was soo close. The hotel is defintely rating a 4* for a reason. The staff were very friendly and professional. The doormen will help you out of taxis and provide an umbrella when its raining (as we found out one day!)Being in this location you have lots of restaurants near by and starbucks of course...!I will be going back to New York and i will defintely be staying here again...as i think anywhere else will be a let down and all the other good 4* hotels are not in as good location.If you have any questions please ask!!	
Apr 28 2009 	Loved the room decor!	We couldn't have been more happy with our choice. From the moment we arrived the service we received was great. We had problems with our room key and we called from the hall and they were there immediately to change the lock. The room was cleaned immaculately each day. I just loved the headboard of the bed it was very chic. The only slight negative was the hardness of the bed. I would go back in a heartbeat.	
Apr 28 2009 	Unbeatable Location; Good Service	Right across the street from the Marriott Marquis. Near absolutely everything. We walked everywhere. Desk staff (especially), concierge, restaurant staff all very helpful. Had great corner room on high floor overlooking Broadway. Very quiet. Allowed early check-in. Only issue was a dirty carpet - kept socks on. Everything else very clean; very comfortable. Would stay again and have recommended to others.	
Apr 23 2009 	Absolutely PERFECT!	This hotel is a New York secret. I'm afraid to say how great it is in fear that prices will go up and it will be booked up. My fiance and I approached the desk to check-in. The man was very friendly and offered us a free upgrade since we were celebrating our engagement. We were placed on a high floor in a very nice king room. I was a little hesitant to stay that far up because I thought that getting up and down the elevators would be a challenge, but there were an abundance of elevators and they moved super fast. The rooms were very clean. My fiance and I travel a lot and we both felt like we were staying in a 5-star hotel. I would highly recommend it!	
Apr 21 2009 	Location Location Location	The hotel has an excellent location. We were so happy that we were able to check in early. The concierge was very helpful for dinner recommendations which was very helpful.	
Apr 20 2009 	Fine But vent system not working!	This hotel is centrally located to all attractions, All though I don’t think it matters if you purchase a one week train pass for 20dollars.It is well presented but I don’t think it cuts as 4star.The venting system was symptomatic of the whole floor and another room on a different floor, which they later offered. We were only offered free breakfast for the inconvenience.	
Apr 19 2009 	Third visit...everything really great!	This was my third visit to the Millenium Broadway in the past year. You cannot beat the location. Big rooms for NYC. The hotel was completely full. The couple of minor requests we made were handled extremely quickly. The hotel was clean. All staff were friendly and helpful. We were allowed to check in early. The day we left the hotel held our luggage for us for more than 6 hours after we checked out so we were able to do more sightseeing before leaving for the airport. Everything was as smooth as it could be. I had booked through Expedia for $179 per night, which was less than I had paid for a less-quality hotel in 1999.	
Apr 13 2009 	Thought hotel was great for short stay in New York	Having read most of the reviews of the Millennium Broadway I was a bit unsure what to expect. However, all I can say is that it is in a great location, the rooms were better than average - regular towel change and prompt housekeeping service (we had one on the 49th floor) and beds were very comfortable - absolutely no complaints whatsoever. I would stay there again when (hopefully) I get the chance to travel to New York again.	
Apr 9 2009 	I would trade the view for service any day	My husband, daughter and I recently visted New York for the first time. We were having so much fun we decided to stay an extra night. We thought it would be nice to transfer to a different hotel, just to try a different environment. The view was better, we were on the 47th floor. The room was nice, but the service was not near what we had experienced at the previous hotel. I was used to receiving a &quot;Hello&quot; from all staff that walked past me, always a question as to whether we were enjoying our stay, is there anything else they could do. The view at the previous hotel was a brick wall, not much to look at, but after all was said and done, I would much rather have traded the view from the 47th floor for the service we received at the previous hotel. Also, the bedding was less than average. The pillows were lumpy and the blanket was very stiff. I requested extra blankets and pillows in hopes for something a little softer, but they were stiff, scratchy, lumpy. The wireless internet was an extra charge, not so with the previous stay. It wasn't even offered during our check in.	
Apr 8 2009 	Fantastic Location...Good Hotel	I was staying for a Bucket List weekend...Dinner @ Gordon Ramsay and Nobu, Broadway show, Metropolitan and Guggenheim Museums...All of which were accomplished and fantastic. The Hotel is in a great location. At check-in on a Friday night at 6:30PM there was a line of about 10 people waiting to be checked in, 3-4 bellman and ONE desk clerk on duty. This situation persisted for the 20 minutes it took to get me to the desk. Not a good start. When I asked the clerk how he appeared to be the lucky guy alone tonight, he said &quot; the cutbacks&quot;. The room he gave me was an upgrade into a &quot;separate hotel&quot; called the Premiere&quot;. The room it self was nice , on the 18th floor with a view of adjacent buildings and not much else. There were some maintenance issues in the room, (burned out light bulb over credenza, molding missing from wall in parts, and I had on hot water for my shower upon arrival. I made it to my reservation @ Nobu after a cold shower and retired early. The Bed was comfortable and I was glad they had in-room safes. The next morning, voila, hot shower water. The rest of the stay was uneventful and the staff very courteous and accommodating. The restaurant is fine for a typical Hotel Breakfast, and the lounge for a drink before midnight when they close. All in all, a suspect beginning but a good (not great) Hotel.	
Apr 2 2009 	Super Location	Just returned from 5 nights at the Millenium Broadway. What a location, Times square one minute walk away, but didn't find it noisey. Reception staff were welcoming and helpful especially as I was soaking wet, having arrived in a downpour. Room of a goodsize for New York, but agree with other reviews re the hard beds. Mini bar in room- would have preferred a coffee maker. TV went wrong, but someone appeared within 30 minutes of me reporting it. Only had breakfast in the hotel once, as expensive,but there are so many places to eat, it's easy finding somewhere else, (and there is a Starbucks next door). Had a problem at checkout with being charged for minibar items I hadn't had.was told it happens all the time as any movement of items is recorded as a sale, soon sorted though.	
Mar 29 2009 	Best location	Can't beat this for location. Just a few steps from Times Sq and Broadway. Allmajor sights mor-or-less within walking distance.Hotel is pretty average. We asked for and got a decent room with corner view (on32nd floor). Bahroom had the smallest bath I've ever seen but the shower facilities are fine.Not luxurious but more than adequate for a sightseeing trip to the Big Apple.Overall it is worth the trade-offs to get this location but make sue you upgrade to a deluxe room a the basic rooms are supposed to be minute.	
Mar 25 2009 	excellent hotel.. brilliant experience	We stayed at millennium broadway from 17-23 march 09, this is a brilliant hotel in an excellent location just off times square.. We are a young couple and found that we were right in the action but it also had that quiet side too if that is what you want! the room was perfect with a nice shower, marble counter in bathroom and a large comfortable bed facing a large flat screen tv. We payed €1000 for our stay and i can say that it was by far the nicest hotel around, the staff were excellent also and catered for every need we had. the one and only bad factor was room service was very expensive, u might only order one thing from a breakfast but you are charged for a set breakfast! my girlfriend ordered toast and was charged for a breakfast at $24. having said this it did not hamper anything with our stay and if you are here to see new york for the first time i would certainly recommend the millennium.	
Mar 22 2009 	Worth it if you get a deal	We thought we'd scored the deal of the century when we got the Travelzoo price for what was supposed to be a superior room on an upper floor. And it was a great price, but the hotel fell short of expectations. You can't beat the location, obviously. The fact that our key card didn't work in the elevator and left us trapped in the dark wasn't really a big deal, even though the front desk attendant looked at us like we were a little stupid. The room ended up being on the lowest possible floor. There were cigarette butts and empty soda cans strewn about the little sill area outside the window. Our lovely midtown view ended up being of a workman's behind. There was construction across the street, which wasn't the hotel's fault, but the workman's crack was easily viewed from that height. The room itself was quite worn. It looked classy if you didn't look closely. We didn't make a fuss because we're not fussy people, and the price was so good we thought we should keep our mouths shut. Overall, I was happy with the price and there weren't any bedbugs, so that's about all I hope for when I visit Manhattan. Had we gotten that upper room I might have given it a 5. Being on the lowest floor? 3.	
Mar 21 2009 	Great Location - Not So Great Hotel	My boyfriend and I recently stayed at the Millennium Broadway. The location is excellent! It is literally a half of a block from the middle of Times Square. Obviously, there are tons of restaurants, bars and things to do there. It is 2 blocks from the closest subway with all of the trains. It is in the heart of the Theatre District. However, we found the lobby to not be very inviting. It has very dark colors (brown and black) with no where to sit, except for the restaurant. When we checked-in, the desk guy, Terrence, was very rude and very cocky. We were allowed to check-in early, which was nice. I just wish the front desk would've been more polite. The hotel does not give you anything extra. One bottle of shampoo, one conditioner and two bars of soap. They do not provide lotion, shower caps or even an extra roll of toliet paper! That seemed very odd to me, being a 4-star hotel. Also, Internet access is an additional fee. I have stayed in much nicer and much friendlier hotels in NYC with much better service.We got an excellent rate of $169/night on Travelzoo for a room on the 43rd floor. I can't imagine paying $400-$500/night to stay here. The rooms were a little worn, but the bathroom was nice and clean. The room was bigger than most hotels in the area, but still small. It was pretty quiet at night, considering it was in the heart of Times Square.Overall, I would ONLY recommend this hotel if you can get a good rate. I would not pay full price for this hotel. There are other hotels nearby that are nicer with better service.	
Mar 20 2009 	UNBEATABLE location HARD beds	We got a FABULOUS price on rooms which prompted us to give this place a try (we usually stay at the Marriott Marquis Times Square). The hotel is about ten steps away from Times Square - you can see a bit of the neon from most rooms. This is an excellent location if you're in town to see shows or want to be close to the busy action of Times Square. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful, always responding promptly to any requests. The rooms are moderate in size with temperature-controlled thermostats in the rooms. The decor is tasteful and modern. The only complaint we had was the very hard mattresses which made it difficult for us to sleep soundly - there is no box spring; the mattress is on top of a wooden base. Otherwise, we loved the price, the location, the service, the quality.	
Mar 18 2009 	Honest Review	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Millenium Broadway. We booked a standard room through hotels.com and paid a little more than we read other reviewers paid using Priceline, but substanially less than we paid for any of our last NYC visits at other hotels.We were satisfied with the price. Also - we did not ask for, nor receive, a complimentary upgrade as some other reviewers did.The room looked like the photos, but there were signs of wear and tear. The bathroom was modern and clean and the shower was pretty good.I called housekeeping and requested additional towels and they were brought up within 10 mins. Because of other reviews, we checked the bedding and found that the sheets were not sized right (King bed), and there was no blanket. After finding one in the closet, we went to put it on the bed - it was not clean.When the towels were delivered, we gave the blanket to the housekeeper and he immediately returned with a freshly cleaned quilt/blanket. It was clean, but we found it had a cigarette burn hole and rip in it. This is not what I would expect of a 3 diamond AAA hotel. The deluxe rooms above the 28th floor might be a little better. The bed was firm, but we didn't have a problem sleeping. The following day the 'regular' housekeeper for our floor was back and what a difference. She remade the bed - yes we still had the quilt with the hole - but the sheets now.This hotel is very convenient to Times Square, and not too noisy. The lobby is not warm and inviting as other reviewers noted. Should you stay here? I really preferred the Hampton Inn Times Square North, but I would stay here again. It is not as warm and inviting, but with the money we saved over staying there paid for our dinners.BTW - we are in our 50's.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great location shame about the service	Booked through travel agent and requested 2 twin rooms, preferably close together and on a low floor. On arrival at approximately 2 pm after an 8 hour flight we were told that we couldn't book in till 4pm and that we had been allocated 2 double rooms. After I explained that it was not appropriate for our party to share beds and that we did in fact book twin rooms, I was told that this request could not be guarenteed. I understand that low floors etc may not be guarenteed but if twin rooms are booked then twin room should be available. I was treated very rudely and then ignored completely. Eventually after about 2 hours and more complaints we were given 2 twin rooms, one on 22nd floor and one on 32nd floor. There goes our low floor and rooms together request. The next day we were moved to the same floor (22nd) but by this time our trip had been spoiled. The hotel was OK, no better than our Travel Inns however but satisfactory, if only the staff had been polite and helpful. To add insult to injury when I got home I found that we had been charged $80 for eating all the confectionary in the mini bar in both rooms on the last day. Apart from the fact this would have been physically impossible, it was removed by hotel staff in preparation for upgrading of the room. I can't believe we were then charged. I had to telephone the hotel from the UK to get my money back. So all in all not a great experience.	
Mar 16 2009 	Good Hotel - Excellent Position	We found this hotel to be very acceptable. The only complaint was that the beds are very hard. It is right on Times Square and restaurants, delis and theatres are on its doorstep. We also felt very safe in this area.If we go to New York again, and I hope that we do, we shall stay here	
Mar 10 2009 	fantastic hotel	stayed here for our 25th wedding anniversary and the hotel was fantastic brilliant location staff are wonderful and we emailed them prior to trip and when we got there they upgraded us and sent champagne and chocs to our room could not fault this hotel at all the rooms were realy clean and comfortable	
Mar 9 2009 	Great location uncomfortable beds!	The location was perfect. Right in the thick of things, easy access to just about all the best sights and of course Broadway. The beds were terrible. Considering that you're essentially paying for a place to SLEEP, it was a rip-off. I would have preferred if the hotel invested more money in buying decent pillows than a huge flat screen TV in the room.	
Mar 5 2009 	Beware the Tower upgrade	We stayed at the Millennium during a 3 day trip to NYC. The location is excellent , just off Times Square and overall the hotel is quite nice. Our problem was with our reservation. Our room was booked on Millennium's website and was supposed to be a Superior Room, 28th floor or above. Upon arrival we were told we had been upgraded to the Tower. It turns out the Tower is an old hotel seperated from the Millenium by a theater (the lobby of which is used as a corridor between hotels). The room was quite worn, at best. After some time at the front desk we were moved to a room in the hotel proper. We ran into another couple who had the same &quot;upgrade&quot; experience. I would give a qualified recommendation.	
Mar 4 2009 	Just a block from Times Square	The location was great. Housekeeping was marginal. (the best sheets had a stain on the side and they were still not changed. When we asked for them to be changed, they left a sheet in our room. We called down again and they said...oh, you wanted up to remake the bed? There was no notepad or pen in our room and they only have shampoo and conditioner....no lotion or other amenities. The room is a nice size and the flat screen TV are a benefit. Next door to the hotel is the Hudson theater that has a long and storied history. (we took the FREE Times Square tour on Friday and learned all kinds of things about the Hudson theater). I would rate this as a 3* hotel and would only stay here if I got a good deal.	
Mar 3 2009 	Very Good	This is my second stay at the Millenium Broadway. I have booked both times through Travelzoo and have gotten a great rate and a superior room. The room is very nice, clean, flat screen tv and nice furniture. I have no complaints. The location for us Times Square, theater district lovers is perfect. Out the door, down the block and you are there. I would say of the 7 hotels I have stayed at in NY over the last few years this is my favorite.	
Feb 26 2009 	Excellent Location. Beautiful Clean.	My boyfriend and I stayed here during the Christmas holidays, Dec 18-23rd, 2008. We had a special deal as he knew someone there personally. I cannot fathom paying anywhere what the going rate is. The hotel is in a GREAT location. You can't go wrong. It's very clean, trendy, and the rooms are a good size for NYC. The only downside is that there is nothing going on here. No restaurant, no club, no nothing. There is a bar downstairs but there is never anything going on. It's a strictly business style hotel or for someone who just wants a really nice place to lay their head at night.We were a little upset during check-in when they wanted to charge the entire length of our stay to our debit card up front. I travel all the time for business and have only seen them put a hold on your card for a small portion of your stay...never the entire thing. Being that we had a debit card, we had to run to an ATM and just pay the entire thing in cash up front.I had to ask for more hair conditioner as my hair was becoming a hot mess from the snow and wet and my coat. I called down to room service NUMEROUS times and only 30 minutes later did I finally get someone to bring me some conditioner. I wised up and bought a big one at the store later.I would stay here again in a heartbeat, but only if I paid what I paid. No way would I pay full price. It's not worth $300, $400 by any means.	
Feb 26 2009 	Rubbish	Stayed two nights.. Agree with other reviews that hotel is at best a 3*.. After first night, housekeeping didnt come to clean the room. Called at 16.45 pm to ask what happened and housekeeper ad the nerve to ask me if I wanted the room cleaned!! They only appeared to clean the room at 20.00!! Next day was checkout day.. asked for a 13.00 checkout.. at 12.30 had housekeeping there to clean (efficient when they want to be) and at 12.55 had reception calling the room asking to check out!!. Interior of room &amp; bathroom feels very old and rooms are cold. Beds are good to be fair.. Definitely better to pay a bit more and stay at other hotels in the area.. Oh yes.. also needed to print a document at 18.00 and was told that business centre was closed and had to go elsewhere to print.	
Feb 23 2009 	Not good not worthy of 4-star status	1. Arrived at hotel at 2pm, no rooms ready so staff told us to go away and come back at 4pm. Staff said none of the rooms were clean.2. TV didn't work, two thin sheets on bed so expect to sleep with the air con all night.3. 'Lobby' has 1 restaurant and 3 sofas, so not like other hotels. Prices in the restaurant and room service are ridiculous. Orange juice USD8! Eat out and buy food elsewhere.4. No facility for making or drinking tea or coffee in the room, room service didn't know what a kettle was.This is not like other chain hotels, more like an overpriced hostel. The hotel caters to the Times Square tourists who, after staying here, soon realise that they are being ripped off.	
Feb 23 2009	Perfect location	CLOSE TO TIME SQ, SHOPPING DISTRICT...THE BATHROOM HAD NO FAN, THE AC WAS A BIT LOUD, THE ROOM WAS BIT SMALL.PAID $250+tax for nightsit is def not a 4 star....if u get it for under $100, it is worth it...OVERALL a BDue to its busy location, it is always loud at nightsThe hustle bustle of NY city is definitley trasparent in ur roomThe hotel def needs a sound proof structure...	
Feb 21 2009 	Good standard of hotel. Excellent location!	I stayed at the Millennium Broadway from 14th-19th of Feb 2009 and was very happy with hotel. It's location is excellent to Times Square, literally a 10 second walk. The room was spacious with a queen size bed and widescreen tv with the usual accessories; desk, hairdryer etc. Previous posts note that the bed was hard but I didn't find this to be the case at all and slept comfortably. The sheets are slightly light so it was a bit cold but I left a note for the Housekeeping asking for an extra sheet and when I returned to my room in the evening I found an extra sheet had been left as well as the heating turned up! The only 'moan' I have is that I checked into the hotel about 1 hour before my room was ready so left my luggage with the porter and returned within the hour, by which time there was a huge queue for the reception/check-in desk. As I'd already checked-in I approached a member of staff to explain that all I needed was to pick up my keys. He wasn't pleasant at all and told me to join the queue. After a few minutes of explaining that I'd already checked in and didn't see why I needed to queue for at least another 1/2 hour the manager was called and I was given the room with no problem. Other than this incident I found the staff very friendly and helpful (calling taxis when required, making conversation etc). This hotel is brilliant for a short stay; rooms are clean, spacious, staff were generally happy to help and it's in a fantastic location to Times Sq. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend others to try it also.	
Feb 21 2009 	Great New Years Eve location!	We booked the hotel through Priceline. It was a great surprise. Received the room for 5 nights over the New Year's holiday and it was only $249 a night. Being so close to Times Square for the ball drop was the best part. The staff was a little rude when we arrived. One of the bellhops storing luggage for early arrivals was tipped badly by the person in front of us and as they walked away he mumbled, &quot;for that tip, I 'might' not be able to find your luggage.&quot; We had some issues with our door key and the staff seemed irritated by us asking for new keys the second time around. Other than that, the room was great, room service was a little pricey but the food was excellent and the location we couldn't have been happier with.	
Feb 11 2009 	Great viewgreat location:)	we booked this hotel on hotwire with good price. Iloved the view of hotel and the location was also very good. We stay only one night but it was a good experience. Room was very comfortable and decoration also was cute. I should say this: Mini bar was full of great bevrages:) This was the greatest point especially after midnight;) Staff was kind and good at their job. Only one point i should especially mention is, do not take advise from staff about night life and clubs. We were really disappointed by their advise:( but if you don't want to wait on a queu in front of the clubs they give you a card which helps you to enter the club without waiting. This is your choice i mean if you want you can try their advise ;)	
Feb 4 2009 	Amazing loved the hotel and got the BEST price!	I booked this hotel on Priceline, and got the MOST amazing rate. If you can believe it, I offered a price less than $100, and this hotel was selected. I was afraid, but couldn't have been more pleased!The hotel's location is PREMIER! I stepped out of the hotel and was right on Broadway in Times Square! It was the most perfect location!The check in clerk was friendly and helpful. I was sure he was going to tell me the rate was not honored, but it was, and I was on my way to my room on the 32nd floor within 10 minutes!The room? Amazing. A great big flat panel tv, an incredibly spacious and upscale room, with 2 chairs, a dresser, a desk, 2 nightstands, and a king size bed, with an amazing view of Times Square.The bathroom was exceptional. Upgraded with marble countertop (only one sink, but I'm not complaining), a shower with a bowed-out curtain for extra room, and incredibly clean. I had a non smoking room, and it truly was non smoking.Overall, I felt like I stole this room. It was perfect, and I am so happy I stayed here. Thanks, Milennium!!!!!!	
Feb 2 2009	Should call this Hotel Priceline	They should switch the name of the hotel from the Hotel Millenium to the Hotel Priceline because it would appear that the only reason someone would stay here is because they got it for $80 - $100 on Priceline. There is absolutely, positively NO WAY this is a 4 star hotel. Not in any way, shape or form. I'd say 3 stars would be a fair assessment. Maybe 2 1/2 if you count the service.The location of the hotel is fantastic. You won't find a hotel closer to the center of Times Square for the price. This is almost right across the street from the ticket booth in Times Square. That is about where the benefits to staying here stop.The worst thing about the stay was the bed. I have stayed in many hotels including many cruise ships and five star to two star hotels. This was the worst bed I have ever stayed in. Honestly, I wondered if the carpet and floor might be softer. Forget the fact that there is no box spring ... just a matress on a wooden platform. The matress was literally so hard, if you jumped on it, you would probably get a bruise. I woke up feeling like I got no rest at all. On top of the matress was a very thin comforter that bearly fit the bed. Most nights, even with the heat up to 90 degrees, I felt cold because the bedspread was so thin. I can't imagine two people sharing a bed as each morning I woke up, the bedspread hardly covered the bed.Another thing about the hotel that is weird is the lack of activity. I was there on a Friday and a Saturday night and there was nobody there. Everytime I walked into the cavernous modern lobby ... it felt as though I was walking into a museum before it opened. Most hotel lobbies have people walking or sitting ... this lobby has no couches or chairs! There is a very small side room with a few couches ... but amazingly, the lobby is just a giant marble cavern. On Sunday, I saw the most people in the lobby I had at one time ... about 8. We were waiting to check our bags and there were people just standing against the giant marble wall because there was noplace to sit and wait while the bags came.The hotel is very overstaffed by tip hungry beggers. It is almost like being in Tiajuana. The moment you step out of the car, there is a person literally pulling a bag from your hand to put it on a cart. I had an overnight bag and a garment bag which were very light and as I unloaded it, the person literally grabbed it from my arm. When I told him I could manage he kept saying 'please ... please ...' It was like a scene from a movie. Finally, he put my two small bags on a brass cart and wheeled them up to the room with me. Very ridiculous. These bags were literally the size of backpacks.There are two people at the cocierge desk. I asked about getting tickets to a sold out show on Broadway and the guy told me the ticket lady had gone home. (it was 4:30 p.m.) He said to call back in the morning and she could call up a ticket broker for me. I got the impression that if I asked for a restaurant recommendation, I would have been directed to a guide book. When I asked one of the 5 employees standing around the hotel lobby at midnight, even though it was completely empty if he knew a good bar to go to (this is at midnight on Friday) ... he told me, 'Room service delivers until 11 p.m.' When I reminded him it was midnight and that wouldn't help me much, he said 'This is New York City. There are bars and restaurants everywhere'. Forget about asking for recommendations ... the Irish Bar across the street is about as Irish as the Bahamas. If you want a decent bar ... you have to walk about 8 blocks to Hell's Kitchen. All the bars near the hotels are tourist junk.The doorman managed to get us a stretch limousine for $20 to drive to Tavern on the Green in Central Park one night. That was great because a cab ride would have been around $8 - $10.Valet parking was $55 - $65 per night. (Internet says $55 but they tell you $65 on the phone.) That is a bit pricey ... even for New York City. I think I paid $45 at the Wellington, which is right down the street.The rooms are comfortable ... a bit on the small side, which is typical for New York City. Aside from the terrible bed ... the furniture and decorations are okay. I was a bit surprised that there was no desk in the room. I guess this is not known as a business hotel ... more for tourists looking to spend some time in Times Square. The bathrooms are actually a very nice size and have a large counter near the sink and a good sized shower. The hot water was great and the showehead was good as well. Each room has a flat screen TV and there are plenty of cable stations, including some international stations.Location and price are what make this hotel an okay deal. The service sucks. The beds are terrible (honestly, based on the bed alone I would not stay here again. In fact, I'd probably pay $50 more to stay somewhere else where I'd know that I'd actually get a good night's sleep. If you are used to a softer bed, you will want to leave this hotel the minute you even sit down on the bed.For $85 (plus $55 - $65 for valet) ... its good for singles, college students or people on a budget. But there are more luxurious hotels for around the same regular rate. If you bid on priceline for a 4 star hotel in the Times Square or Broadway area, you will probably get this one. This is not a 4 star hotel, but is better than staying somewhere outside of the main attraction area.	
Jan 27 2009 	Great location and price / terrible star level performance	This hotel is great if you just want to be close to times square. I booked this hotel through priceline for $100, so the deal was great. The problems were that we had to ask for a fridge and they took forever to come. Also the bed was very, very firm.. it was like sleeping on the floor with soft carpet. Also, if your used to sleeping with something on top of you.. you get a light blanket and one of those hotel sheets that go on the bed to keep you warm. Also, you are given some white towels and some slightly colored towels. Other then that, if was a cheap place to stay in Times Square.. so that was great. Oh and they are pet friendly.. under 20lbs. But they should not be a 3 1/2 (priceline) or 4 (hotel personal) star hotel.	
Jan 23 2009 	Fantastic Hotel at a great price	As I read the reviews below I think maybe these people stayed at a different hotel than I did. My stay at the Millennium Broadway was great. Close to everything in Times Square. 1/2 block from Broadway and 1/2 block from Avenues of America. Nice size room with a great view. Great staff, clean rooms, perfect temperature in room as it was 17 outside , perfect water pressure, comfy beds. Restaurants and small convient stores right across the street. This is a perfect place to stay at a great price. No complaints at all and I would definiately recommed this to all of my friends and anyone looking for a Hotel close to Times Square with a reasonable price. You can't go wrong here.	
Jan 21 2009 	Took family with small kids - loved it.	My husband had a business trip to New York and the company put us up at this hotel. We were very concerned since we were traveling with 3 small children (4,7,8 years old). This concerns were unfounded, our child behaved very well. The staff at the hotel was wonderful, we had an incredible room overlooking Times Square, and across the skyline to the Empire State Building. Everyone was polite and helpful. The room was great.	
Jan 21 2009 	Good value for money Friendly Staff	We have just returned from staying at this hotel and we must admit we were very dubious about the stay due to the negative reviews read on this site. We found this hotel clean, comfortable and warm (despite some of the reviews). The staff were very courteous, polite and helpful.The location is brilliant and we would recommend this to all	
Jan 18 2009 	Great location great hotel for the right price.	We have just returned from a short stay at the Millenium Hotel Broadway 1/10-1/14/09. I had found a great deal on TravelZoo, $199.00/night for a Superior Room - Floors 28 and higher. Based on the room we were given, I wouldn't pay anymore than that. The photos speak for themselves. I had gotten nervous upon reading other reviews. Some were correct - so I was ready in advance on what to expect. Others, well, I think they may have just encountered a bad stay.Upon entering the hotel you notice it has an extremely nice lobby. The front desk had only one person checking people in, but he did it rather quickly and we had no problem in getting to our room. He was extremely friendly and polite. (We did get in about 2.5 hours before check- in @3pm. )Our room was on the 51st floor. We had a beautiful view of the Chrysler Building. It was clean, had no smell and as other reviewers stated the room was chilly and had no blanket for the bed. We turned up the heat and called housekeeping for an additional pillow, a blanket and a refrigerator. (No- they don't charge for the fridge and that is nice.) They all arrived in short order. Being on the 51st floor, I was concerned about having no hot water for bathing. This was never a problem -early in the morning or late at night. The bed was extremely comfortable. Nice firm bed and pillows to match. Had a great night's sleep. The TV worked fine and was quite nice to watch when getting ready to sleep or wake up and find out what kind of weather was rolling in that day. However, there was no Express Check-out through the TV and we never received a bill under our door. So the morning of our departure, the front desk provided a copy of the bill for our review.This hotel has a GREAT location. Right off of Times Square and in walking distance or subway access to almost anything you need or could want. The prices in the hotel restaurant are expensive, but why eat there when you have anything you could possibly want at your fingertips in Manhattan. There is a Starbucks on the backside of the building (45th Street) and there is a little deli/diner across the street (44th Street) where you can take out a nice little breakfast or eat upstairs. Boy, is it reasonable!I guess the biggest reason I stated in the beginning about pricing is that the hotel has some issues with housekeeping and updating of the property. The coffee make did not work. The wallpaper is &quot;piling&quot; on the edging of the walls - so it looks like cobwebs, but it isn't. The bathroom moulding has been painted - but poorly to where you can see the previous color paint. The tubs don't drain properly (we had to remove the drain and the maids left it out). The previous guests had something to eat as evidenced by it being left on the side of the night stand up against the wall when we arrived. However, the next day it had been removed without my telling them. Lastly, if I had paid $350 plus for this room - the amenities given, the furniture and bathroom decor - is not what I would expect to find in a &quot;high end hotel &quot; and I would have been extremely upset. However, it is not what I paid, and these things are a tad bit nit-picking. I would stay here again at the price we paid, and overlook the small things. The things we needed from them were provided with no problem. None of the &quot;cosmetic/housekeeping issues&quot; interferred with our stay. So, you get what you pay for, and based on our deal, I would stay at the Millenium Hotel Broadway again.	
Jan 14 2009 	Fantastic Location the Rest just ok	Since we booked it on priceline we got a pretty good deal considering hotel prices in NY but I would have been unhappy if we would have paid the full price. I loved the location. Room size and bathroom ok but overall very bland and not exactly beautiful rooms - just adequate. Not to my taste anyway. But loved the location and the views. Bed quite comfortable. For the price we paid throug pricline name your own price it was fine.	
Jan 11 2009 	Another geat stay	We stayed last weekend at the Millennium and had another wonderful stay. When we checked in there was quite a long line but it moved rather quickly and all the check in staff, plus a manager were apologizing for the wait . An hour later there wasn't a line at all. What are you gonna do about that. We got to our room and the TV didn't come on. Called down and a nice maintenance guy figured out it wasn't plugged in behind the console. He said housekeeping may have knocked it out while vacuuming. Great service and prompt action really helps. The elevators are super fast. The front of the hotel people are very nice. The room is very nice and clean and the 42&quot; plasma is great. This is a can't miss hotel that is not the Ritz but only nitpickers complain about and I'm a New Yorker. Pay no mind.	
Jan 11 2009 	fantastic location	booked the hotel through their website, after countless searchs for a hotel in NYC.The location was perfect 20m away from Time Square with a view to match - from our room 27 floors above we were looking straight into Time square. The staff were excellent especially the door staff who whistled up a Limo in 10 min for a trip to China Town, he even bartered on our behalf to get a good price $15, well worth it.The rooms were excellent, large, massive bed. excellent view (again) and clean but the shower was a bit poor.The breakfast wasn't too bad you can choose between continental and cooked but can get pricey if your there everyday . On the last day we popped across the road 10m to a Deli and had pancakes, Bengal's with bacon etc, which was a nice change.the hotel is perfect for visiting NYC	
Jan 7 2009 	No Magic at the Millennium	I booked my stay at the Millennium through price, and that was the only good thing about this trip; the price. My purpose for being in New York was to show my 17 year-old niece the city. She had never been and I thought no better time than after a New Year has sprung in &quot;The City That Never Sleeps.&quot; Well the Millennium certainly brings a new meaning to the &quot;never sleeps,&quot; portion of that phrase. I stayed on the sixteenth floor and the mattress was horrible. It’s my belief that they decorate with so many pillows because they know you're better off on the floor with the pillow than on the mattress. No, I wasn't there to just to sleep, but is it unreasonable to expect a few good hours of rest in a room that on average cost $435. I think not!In addition to the horrific bed, the staff was not very friendly. The young lady at the front desk never welcomed us to the Millennium; and for that matter, the young man at the desk during check out didn’t thank me for choosing the Millennium either. Maybe that is too much to ask during our nation’s economic crisis, a mere thank you for spending money. Not to mention, actually getting service when it’s requested. The floor lamp in the room didn’t have a bulb. So, I did the logical thing and I called to have it replaced, I spoke to gentlemen who assured me it would be taken care of. We waited for 40minutes and no one came. So, I ‘m sure you can understand why I didn’t call about the anecdotal water temperature in the shower, or the slow draining tub. I also understand that I’m just customer; but first impression last a life time. More importantly, a first impression may be the last and only impression you get with in the hotel industry. I wouldn’t recommend the Millennium in fact; I just had a friend cancel her reservation there for later this month. Happy travels!!!!	
Jan 5 2009	The Room Didn't Have Heat	The first night I was there I was freezing. The room said it was set to 90 but it was blowing cold air. I called the front desk and was told someone would be up to fix the problem. 90 minutes later I called back and the front desk had no clue that I wanted someone to come up to fix the heat right then and there. When the maintenance person arrived he said that the thermastat was set to blow cold air because it was set on the summer setting. He also said that the screen needed to be cleaned. After claiming to have turned the setting from summer to winter he left. Seven hours later the room was still cold so I called the front desk again and said that I wanted to switch rooms. Instead someone was sent up. This person said that the reason only cold air was coming out was because the setting was allegedly set to summer instead of winter. So, he set it back to what it was originally on when I checked in. He also said that it should be on low air even though it was on low air when I checked in and the first guy switched it to high air. The second guy also said he was going to have a blanket sent up because my room didn't have one. I never received it. When I called back the next day because I was freezing I was told that someone would be up shortly. After he didn't come up I called back and said that the situation was unacceptable. I was informed that I could switch rooms in the morning but that really didn't help the lack of heat. I then requested a wake up call. I even called to confirm the time was right. The wake up call never called. When I called the front desk to complain and explained that I was now running late and needed to be someplace I was offered a free breakfast. If I am running late why would I want a free breakfast. The lady at the front desk told me that I am the only person who has heat problems. Did she think that would make me feel better. After complaining to someone else at the front desk 12 dollars was removed from the bill. The location for anyone going to the theater is ideal but I will never voluntarily stay there during the winter because it was absurd that I had to sleep in two pairs of socks, a turtleneck, and a fleece top because they couldn't fix the lack of heat in my room.	
Jan 4 2009 	Not worth the money	I was &quot;upgraded&quot; and although the room was fairly large by NYC standards it was not really in very good condition and not particularly clean. Location was good. Reception seemed to be a school desk in an empty room. This was a business trip but I believe the price was around $600 per night and it was certainly not worth anything like that.	
Jan 2 2009 	Great location but expected more	The Millennium Broadway is in a great location a mere 1/2 block from Times Square - which is a big part of the reason we chose it.. It's also close to several Subway stations. We received a free upgrade upon arriving to the Premier Hotel which, we were told, includes a free continental breakfast. Now, we weren't expecting a super high-class buffet or anything, but we were expecting something better than room-temperature milk for cereal. My husband says he's had better breakfasts at Motel 8. For how much we paid, we would have thought we might get a little more bang for our buck. We also had problems with our room keys where they suddenly became inactive and we had to get replacement ones from the front desk. The room size is pretty good, and even the bathroom size is great, but the shower was way too small. One person can barely turn around in there. We also had issues with the amount of hot water we had. If one of us took a 10 minute shower, the other had to wait at least 20 minutes before getting in. On the other hand, the hotel staff were quite nice, super friendly, and easily approachable.	
Jan 2 2009 	Millenium Magic	I was a little nervous arriving at the Millenium Broadway after reading some of the negative reviews. It was my first time in New York and wanted it to be perfect. This hotel did not fail to meet the expectations. If you want a clean, smart, classy hotel that makes you feel welcome, then choose this one. With a great location in times square but set back ever so slightly out of the hustle and bustle, perfect. 50th floor corner room overlooking times square just added to the expperience. The room itself, all the little qualites you expect from a great hotel. big plasma tv with 100 channels for when your tired after a long day out in the city, and as for the king size bed, i have never slept better. Also the staff where more than helpful and very polite.  Overall, great experience and will definetely be returning to the Millenium.	
Dec 27 2008 	Very Good Deal Through Priceline	By naming our own price through Priceline, we got a nice corner room with a King bed on the 50th floor. The place was clean and the staff at the front dest were very attentive and friendly. You don't have to check out until noon, and Virgils BBQ (with an excellent selection of beers) was right across the street. This place has an excellent location for those that like to do things around Times Square and the Theater District.	
Dec 23 2008 	Could Be Better	Not so impressed with accounting department. Had many problems trying to sort out bill and talk to a customer service friendly person - still sorting out weeks later. Also, the room was okay. Double size bed was all that we left when I arrived and the sheets didn't cover the mattress all the way. Also, the heater/ac was very noisy.	
Dec 22 2008 	very pleasantly surprised !	I was travelling to New York with my daughter for a 3 day shopping/sight seeing trip,my travel agent booked the package for me and had recommended this hotel but i have to say,after recent &quot;indifferent&quot; reviews i arrived with some trepidation,these fears turned out to be completely unfounded.Firstly the location is absolutely brilliant, in 44th street just off Times Square,the entrance and lobby of the hotel is very impressive and check in was very smooth and the receptionist very friendly and amiable.Up to the room on the 44th floor and Lucy and i were both generally very impressed,not massive but spacious enough,modern and clean,big wide screen tv,lovely bathroom with good spacious bath &amp; shower which was easy to use,nice towels and lots of freebie toiletries etc,There were two very comfortable twin beds,more than enough storage space and it was obviously one of their refurbished rooms ,to be honest over the 3 nights we were there i had nothing to fault.All in all i can sum the hotel up by saying i did not receive not one hint of a complaint from Lucy my sometimes hard to please typical 13 year old (bless her),enough said,thoroughly recommended.	
Dec 20 2008 	Better bedding would make this hotel a winner	On the plus side my room on the 49th floor was spacious by New York standards and the bathroom was a very nice size. Check in was quick, the room was quiet, there is a very large flat screen TV and a mini-bar. Personally, I hate being anywhere near Times Square, but the location of this hotel is near my firm's New York office, so it's convenient.To me, what takes a hotel from good to great is the quality of their bedding and towels. I'm especially picky about the bed spreads, which often gross me out. Unfortunately, in pulling back the bedspread there was a 3 inch round stain on the underside. I quickly put the bedspread on the floor and got out the extra blanket from the closet. This blanket should have been thrown away long ago -- I can't even describe the fabric, it was rough and felt like a thin sheet of foam rubber that had perhaps been baked in a oven (or a too-hot dryer). Plus it had fuzz and a small wad of hair stuck on it. Anyway, it makes it hard for me to sleep when the bedding is even a little cruddy.If the Millennium would just improve the bedding, I would give this hotel a great rating, but until then, I'll just give it a good rating.	
Dec 17 2008 	Stay away from the Bell Men	Stayed here 12/7-12/9 2008. The hotel is old and extreamly out dated; however, tough to beat the location. If you do not plan on spending much time in the hotel and you dont mind staying in a run down room this is the place for you. This is our company preferred hotel, so I did not have a choice as to where I was going to stay. When it was time to catch a cab to the airport I was &quot;taken&quot; by the shaddy Bell Men. I asked for a cab to the airport and was told I had to take a hotel recommended taxi. I thought this was strange, but needed a taxi quick to make my flight. The Bell Man told me I had to pre-pay $10 for the cab (his tip--they have something worked out with cab company). Then he told me it was another $10 for using my credit card... At this point I laughed and walked away. They came running after me and told me they would not charge me the $10 for the credit card and would only charge me $5 prepay. I confirmed with him that I would be paying the standard flat fee of $45 plus the $5 pre-pay. They agreed and away I went. I was handed a $80.00 tab when I arrived at the airport. The taxi driver told me that was not the arrangments made by him and the bell man at the hotel. Bottom line--the Bell Man at the Mellennium are shaddy. They made my stay at their hotel a forgetable experience. If you can stay across the street at the Marriott, you cannot compare the two.	
Dec 15 2008 	excellent location	i booked this hotel at a discount from travelzoo and its well worth it. the location can't be beat, its just at the back of toys r us in time square. the room is small compared to average hotel rooms but i have no other complains. everything felt luxurious and new. the concierge was very helpful and knowledgable and check in and out was a breeze.	
Dec 10 2008 	Wonderful experience	Used Hotwire for a $239 rate. Wish I would have tried Travelzoo but didn't find that until after I booked the hotel. The room was average size based on most hotels, but would be larger than normal for more NYC hotels. One chair, one desk. large flat screen TV - average cable channels. I wasn't there to watch TV so there wasn't an issue. I was on the 46th floor with a wonderful view of the Chrysler building. The tile in the bathroom was a little old around the tub, but nothing to be too concerned with. It had the usual amenities, nothing special, nothing bad. After reading other reviews, I requested my own fridge -- no problems with that. The conceirge and hotel staff were gracious and easy to work with. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone who wanted to be in the heart of Times Square.	
Dec 8 2008 	Do Not Stay Here.	My boyfriend and I came to NYC for one of his business meetings which they have the first weekend of every December. We have done this for 5 years now and have stayed at various upper-end properties such as the Grand Central Hyatt, the Roosevelt, and the Hilton on 6th. The sponsoring group books the rooms. We pay for the stay, but get reimbursed for the first two nights of the meeting, then we pay for any extra nights if we want to stay longer. We only booked to stay one extra night. So at check in, we did not ask what the price was (and were not told), but assumed it was in the $350 to $400 +/- range, which is typical for a higher quality hotel at this time of year and was the range the other hotels have been in. Upon first entering the room, I was not happy - it was very ugly and with stained carpet and cheap furnishings, with a faint smoky smell. It was by far the worst property we have been booked into and is on par with mid to economy grade hotels. But since we were only paying for one of our three nights, I didn't complain since we would not be in the room much. Had I known the price we were paying (I did not find out until we checked out that the rate was $495/night plus $71 in taxes = $567/night!!!!) - I would have complained big time - although I am not too sure what they could have done since I was told at check in that we already had the premium room type. This probably only meant we had an upper floor with a nicer view. This room was more expensive than any of the hotels we have stayed at in the past and was by FAR the worst. The bedding you get is a single set of cheap generic hospital quality sheets, one pillow per person, the shammed pillows you throw on the floor to sleep, and one bedcover. No double sheeting, no down pillows and no better quality sheets for $567/night??? Trying to sleep, I found that the bedcover, (which I would have prefered to remove, but there was no other blanket provided) has a satin like backing so it kept sliding off the bed and I was awoken many times freezing since all I had left was a thin sheet. I found an old scratchy blanket and one more pillow in the closet for the next two nights - but they were of lowest quality and not very comfortable. The bath has the obligatory upgrade of the out-bowing shower curtain and newer tile, but not much else was changed. You only get one shower soap, one sink soap, shampoo, cream rinse and mouth wash. For $567/night you get no body lotion, no vanity kit, no shoe shine - and they are so cheap they didn't even replenish with fresh soaps every day. Further - we had to call maintenance to fix the toilet, the sink drained so slow that by the time I warmed up the water to wash my face, the sink was full, and the TV has only basic cable with bad reception on several channels - so for $567/night, don't even think about getting an in-room movie or catching Emiril on the Food Network! I also need to warn people that there is no lobby. I have always enjoyed re-grouping with our frends after the meeting to discuss dinner plans over a cocktail in a nice lobby bar that is decorated to the hilt for the holidays. Don't expect it here. There is a depressingly dark small bar and a small area in front of their restaurant you can sit, but no comfy lobby gathering area. They did make an attempt at decorating with a central Christmas tree and a lighted ball above the stairs. There are only 2 good things I can say about the Millenium Broadway. The concierge folks were all very nice and helpful and the location is good since it is just a half block from Times Square. But if location is an issue - save the money and use the subway. This would be a good hotel for budget minded travelers in the $200 and less category. But for $567/night, it was the biggest hotel rip-off we have experienced.	
Dec 4 2008 	Thanksgiving at the Millennium Broadway	This is the second time we've stayed at the Millennium Broadway. We liked it first time because the location is excellent for Times Square and you really feel like you are right in the middle of the action and excitement!I now feel a bit disappointed having read the reviews below mine, especially from the USA visitors, and feel that maybe we were ripped off with our room rate. We too booked it via an offer with Travel Zoo, visited the hotel's site directly and entered the code etc to get the good rate. My average rate was more like $240 for what I thought was a 'Superior Room' (we stayed for five nights). I couldn't agree it was a 'Superior' room either. In fact it was identical to the room we stayed in on our last visit and we certainly didn't have an extra place to sit/lounge (we had one chair), no marble bath (!!) and the view from the window can best be described as the 'brick wall' as my husband says. One other thing about the room - there was a lack of drawer space for things like jumpers. We had desk drawers and bedside cabinet drawers but none large enough for anything other than a couple of bra's and pants! As we had nowhere near enough hangers in the tiny closet a drawer or two would have been handy. Anyway, there is nothing particularly wrong with this hotel. Its very comfortable. There are no noise problems and the rooms are very clean. The bar is overpriced - $8 for a pint - but its fine for one drink or so to relax after a busy day before heading off for the evening. The deli opposite the entrance on 44th is really useful and great for snacks and sandwiches. They also have a hot and cold take away buffet and fruit counter. One alarming thing that happened was on the day we left. We were about to get into our car to return to the airport when what I can only describe as about 10 NYPD police cars and I don't know how many policemen swamped the street! Directly opposite the hotel entrance is a state rehabilitation centre (for drugs and alcohol) and they'd obviously had an incident of some sort. We were bundled into our car and told to leave as fast as we could! Prior to this we had no knowledge that this place was across the street as we'd never heard or encountered any trouble so I do think they keep a close eye on things - but it was scary.Would I stay here again? No, I don't think I would. I feel that we were hugely overcharged for the room and weren't given the 'Superior' room we had booked. I'd rather spend my £1500 for five nights somewhere else!!!	
Dec 3 2008 	Watch Thanksgiving Day Parade from Your Room	Priceline sent us to this hotel after accepting the bid at 150 USD a night, tax included. We checked in the night before Thanksgiving with a family of four including my 4-year and 2-year old boys. Upon inquiry, the hotel staff gave us a room at the lowest level, the 16th floor, facing Time Square. While this is a standard room at this hotel, we had a pleasant surprise the very next morning to watch the entire Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade from the comfort of our room. The location of this hotel is just impeccable. I highly recommend those who wish to celebrate special events near Time Square to stay there. Maybe we will do it again for the New Year count down.	
Dec 1 2008 	Everything was GREAT!	We were originally booked at the New York Palace but a couple of weeks prior to our trip, we found a great deal for the Millennium Bway on Travelzoo. We called the hotel directly and booked a room for 2 nights using the promo code. We had read that a room so close to Times Square would be noisy, busy, etc. but we found our experience to be quite the opposite.We arrived at the hotel at 10:30 a.m. We had planned on checking our luggage and returning later in the day to check in but were pleasantly surprised to find that our room was ready. The gentleman that checked us in was very friendly and accomodating. We were given a King room with an awesome view of the Chrysler building.Both the room and the private bath were spacious and very clean. In addition to the bed, there was a large dresser, a sitting area with one chair, a 40+ inch HD TV, and a huge closet. In addition, the room was very quiet. Not once were we disturbed by noise either outside or inside the hotel. The furniture/curtains/bedspread were &quot;dated&quot; but we were not expecting the Waldorf or the Ritz. The location of the Millennium was PERFECT. We walked to/from Penn Station, all around the Theater district, to Rockefeller Center......we couldn't have picked a better location.We will definitely return to the Millennium Broadway on our next visit to NYC because it was such a positive experience. Our room was clean and spacious, the hotel staff were friendly and helpful, the location was ideal, and the price was a bargain by NYC standards.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great Location Acceptable Accommodations	The Millennium Hotel Broadway is in an ideal location for tourists. It is in the heart of the Times Square area and within easy walking distance of many attractions. Access to the NYC subway is just a block away. The accommodations are acceptable, but marginal for a 3 1/2 star rating. The hallways and rooms are a bit run down looking. The room was clean and everything was in working order. I would recommend Johns Pizzeria (44th st between 7th Ave and Broadway) for excellent pizza. There are a few inexpensive cafes on 45th street directly across from the hotel that are good for breakfast and lunch. Overall, if you plan to spend minimal time in the hotel this is a good choice simply for its location.	
Nov 29 2008	Always outstanding at the MB!!	Travelzoo.com frequently offers an outstanding $199 per night rate for an upgraded superior room at this hotel. We`ll always plan our NYC trips for a time when this rate is offered as it is, without a doubt, one of New York`s best hotel values. I actually see that they are offering a rate of $169 for some forthcoming dates this winter. We wanted to see the Macy`s Thanksgiving Day Parade for the first time this year and when we saw that The Millenium Broadway was offering the travelzoo rate, we jumped at the opportunity. The location is adjacent to Times Square and the parade route so it was ideal for us. The dark marble lobby is classic art deco New York. The entire staff from front desk, to maintenance and housekeeping always greets each guest with a smile and a hello. While this may seem robotic at many hotels, it always comes across as heartfelt and sincere here. As always, our room was large, immaculate, beautifully decorated with a huge, sparkling, amenity laden marble bath and a spectacular view of the city. A call to housekeeping had robes and slippers delivered to our room in 10 minutes. We always enjoy Virgil`s Barbeque across the street from the hotel, and we had a casual, Southern style Thanksgiving feast there. Don`t pass up an opportunity to experience The Millenium Broadway.... especially when this remarkable rate is offered.	
Nov 23 2008 	Their Billing is Just Incompetent other issues	I prepaid for this through Priceline on a credit card.I was asked for a card to cover any incidentals upon arrival, I gave my bank debit card.They pre-authorized $100 and $106- separately- without my knowing.They tried to charge $13.01 for a 1 minute ld call- within the SAME state- where the other party DIDN'T answer the phone. They reversed the charge. They tried to charge $32 for a 150ml bottle of vodka from the mini bar- which I took out and examined- as any normal person would do if contemplating spending $32. I put it back, not knowing that it is on a 'sensor' and the charge happens if you 'look at something'. They reversed the charge. NOWHERE did it say 'don't pick it up', though this evening I read another review where a person who stayed in the same hotel had such a sign in their room, my room didn't have this or in literature.I was in the airport, on my way home, when I realized I had NO money in the bank. I wanted a coffee. I called the hotel and they called my bank to remove the 2 large pre-authorization holds. Why TWO???When I arrived home, I found myself overdrawn again. They had charged the price of the room to my debit card, when it had been prepaid through Priceline on another card. They apologized and said they would reverse it and it should show in 24 hours- they must not know banks- it will likely be 48-72 hours.Now I sit here with NO money. The room was very clean, large TV, yet small.I called twice for a coffeemaker (which their literature says available upon request). Twice I was told it would be brought right up.No one came. I waited and waited but had to go to dinner. When I returned and called, I was told that they were 'out of coffee makers'. ??? Most small motels have little coffee makers in every room. It is about 1/2 block off of Times square. Doesn't seem like much, but it feels longer in 26 degree weather. Their online information makes it look like it is 'right there' Next time I will get something, like the Renaissance, right on Broadway or 7th, Priceline has a lot of them and read the reviews more closely.Their Charlotte lounge is overpriced. I wanted to, but couldn't leave a tip after getting the bill. I only went in their to wait to check into my room. The price I paid for a soda for my daughter would have bought a 6 pack or several 2 liters. The staff seems sincere and the concierge is really GREAT. What they do have down is holding your luggage until check-in or after when you are waiting for a shuttle or a taxi. The people at that spot are EXCELLENT. Courteous and quick and will answer any question accurately. But the front desk or whoever does billing is incredibly CLUELESS. This trip- which was supposed to be my 12 year old's first trip on a plane and my first trip to the city in years- will cause GREAT INCONVENIENCE for the next several days.They have to get it together.	
Nov 18 2008 	Great Hotel Incredible Value	This hotel is in an ideal location for visitors who want to be in the middle of the action. It is literally steps to Times Square, 2 blocks from the subway stop, and within walking distance of most of midtown Manhattan. The staff were always friendly and courteous, and went above and beyond to accommodate special requests (e.g. early check in at 11:00 AM, late check out at 1:00 PM, refrigerator &amp; coffee maker delivered to room, extra pillows, comforter, etc). All the employees were prompt and efficient, but also cheerful and supportive too. We had a corner room on the 33rd floor which was clean and spacious with lots of room for luggage and a nice big flat panel TV. We had a HUGE king size bed, and while I was worried that it would be too hard based on some reviews I had read, it actually was very comfortable. It is definitely a little on the firm side, but I slept very well for each of the five nights I stayed. Considering most hotels with this location and quality level tend to cost between $300 and $400, I was thrilled at getting a Priceline deal at $170 per night. At this price, the hotel is an incredible value, and I would certainly recommend it to all readers.	
Nov 17 2008 	Rising to mediocrity	I think that this is the first and last time I will stay anywhere near Times Square, if only for the crowds just a few doors from the hotel. The Millennium itself is fine, with larger rooms than I expect from New York, but is really more geared toward families and business folk who don't mind extremely hard pillows and mattresses as well as a mediocre dining room. It is surprisingly quiet, even though we were looking down on Times Square (and were glad for the light-proof curtains), but it just wasn't all that interesting. Go to Jimmy's Corner across the street to have a drink that will give you a more real New York experience.	
Nov 13 2008 	Fantastic location but maybe not at full price	The location of this hotel cannot be beat. It's less than 1/2 a block to Times Square, all the theatres and tons of restaurants. For this reason alone, it's a wonderful hotel! Add the fact that I got my room for $175/night on Priceline and it made for a nice stay.I've been to New York a handful of times, always Manhattan and typically not extravagant hotels, but not budget either. The size of this room was bigger than nearly all I've stayed in.Other pros:Rooms start 16 floors upLarge flat screen TVLeather club chairs in roomNice business centerFree boarding pass printingThe biggest disappointment for me was at check-in. The hotel guarantees check-in at 4pm. I tried to check-in at 4:15pm and there was an announcement to the entire lobby that hotel rooms were not ready for some reason. We were told our room would be ready in 15-20 minutes, but after having flown 5.5 hours we were starving and not confident the rooms would be ready. We left for a quick bite to eat and came back at 5:15pm only to be told that we still could not check in. The front desk person was very pleasant and when I asked what our options were, he agreed to get a manager to help us. Unfortunately, the manager was no where to be found. We ended up standing in the lobby (there's no where to sit) for another 20 minutes when finally we were told that our room was ready.Other Cons:From the 39th floor, there is a lot of street noiseIf other guests don't gently close their doors, your door slams / rattles every time	
Nov 10 2008 	Amazing Location	Very nice hotel, with an amazing location.I found a deal through travelzoo. I cannot believe we paid $199 for a superior room, and that is half the reason I loved the hotel so much. I am not sure how much I would have loved it for $400.Parking directly across from hotel lobby $45 for 24 hours.Lobby was eh. Not really a lobby to speak of, but really - who cares. First - we arrived at 11:00am, expecting the room wouldn't be ready. It was. I had requested a high floor with a corner room. Couldn't believe it - 48th floor corner. Check in was a breeze. Room was awesome. Really big for NY. Nice bathroom. Bed was nice also - not like the big soft &quot;heavenly&quot; beds and sheets, but nice. Flat screen TV. It really was a nice clean room.Took forever to get extra towels, but it has hundreds of rooms - not the end of the world.Bottom line - AWESOME location, VERY nice hotel.	
Nov 5 2008 	Great Hotel fab service and amazing location	We visited the hotel in September as part of our honeymoon, we had booked a standard room and had got a good deal through our travel agent. We arrived at 10am and there was no room available but they advised us to come back at 3pm and they stored our luggage for us. We returned at about 2pm and they had a room available for us, as it was our honeymoon they upgraded us to their premier tower. My husband requested a lower floor and they acoomodated this request. The room was lovely, it was a good size, had a big comfortable bed, a comfy sofa next to the window. The bathroom was gorgeous with a large sunken bath and big fluffy towels. As part of the upgrade we given access to the Premier lounge where they served a continental style breakfast and snacks and drinks at other times of the day, they also had free internet access in the lounge.We mostly ate out of the hotel as there as so many options close by, but we did have room service once, which was promt, the food was very good and the service and presentation was excellent too. The location of the hotel is amazing, literally 60 seconds walk into Times Square, however despite this there were no issues with noise. In terms of bad points, there really were none, the only things that could be improved were the lobby was not very welcoming and the view from the room wasn't great-but at the end of the day it's Manhattan-so there is nothing to see other than other buildings anyhow!All in all, it was an excellent stay, and I would most definately go back again!	
Oct 30 2008 	Location Location Location	This was our third autum trip to NYC and the Millennium Broadway. It has been commented on in prior reviews, but it is worth repeating that this hotel is very conveniently located in the heart of Mid-town, Times Square and Broadway. It is all literally a few minutes away on foot. It is for this reason that we return each year. We have booked here via Priceline.com, Travelzoo.com and directly via email to the hotel. It is a hard fact that hotels in this area are very expensive. From what I have seen and heard this Hotel is a relative bargain. The rooms are perfectly adequate. The staff have always been helpful and polite. We can highly recommend this hotel for anyone who wants to be right in the middle of it all in NYC.	
Oct 24 2008 	Liked it	Good business hotel. Convenient location, good sized, clean rooms; everything works; okay equiped.Minor issues: sometimes A/C gets really noisy; bathrooms could be nicer, bed a bit firm for my taste (but that's just me!)Definitely to keep on the list if a good deal.	
Oct 18 2008 	What Can I Say....Loved loved loved the Millenium	We have just returned from a week at the Millenium Broadway hotel and I would just like to say that it was possibly one of the best experiences of my life. On arrival we were upgraded to a premier room (which we were totally surprised by) which afforded us a delicious complimentary breakfast and hors d,ouvres and cocktails from 5-7pm each evening throughout our stay. Things just got better from then on in. The hotel is absolutely beautiful and has entrances on both West 44th and 45th streets so is easily accessible.It is in a perfect location to the Empire State Building, Central Park and all of the other New York tourist attractions and expecially for me, minutes away from the shopping mecca that is Fifth Avenue. As well as this, it is literally a stone's throw from the hustle and bustle of Times Square but you would never know it as the rooms are so quiet and peaceful and the beds are to die for. The hotel is right next door to Toys R Us and although many may think that this would be a hindrance it is in fact a blessing as this area is not congested in any way and it is ideal to take the kids even for a short time for some respite as the very young may get bored with all the sightseeing and pounding pavements which come with a trip to NYC. The staff go out of their way to be helpful and do it in such a way as to really mean it and not just looking for the odd tip which is often the case in many hotels in NYC. I cannot understand the nit picking comments of some of the reviews of this hotel and would implore you to PLEASE ignore them. This hotel really should be right up there in the top 50 hotels and I would even stick my neck out and say the top 25. It is spotlessly clean, so not tacky, beautiful decor and to top it all VERY ECONOMICAL. The rooms are huge by New York standards and can easily accomodate a family of three or four comfortably.A special mention must go to the doorman Kenny (only there on a temporary basis but the personnel manager at this hotel really should seriously consider making him permanent). My son went home in tears as he said he would miss him so much and really felt that he had made a new friend. This guy is great with everyone, not just children and is really an asset to any establishment he works in. Also the receptionist Hector, who made up a double act with Kenny, was always there to lend a hand or make reservations on your behalf. The staff went way over and above the call of duty, much much more than what regular hotel staff should do for their clients. Just felt that I should mention that.Thank you so much Millenium Broadway for a wonderful holiday and fingers crosed I hope to see you all again next year.	
Oct 15 2008 	Broadway Millennium: We'll Be Back"	My teen daughter and I just returned from a 5 day visit to NYC to look at colleges and take in a few Broadway shows. What a wonderful experience we had staying at the Millennium! We were allowed to check in early (8:00 a.m.!!) and the front desk staff was most accommodating and pleasant. Our room on an upper level floor was bigger than I expected (2 double beds), clean, well-appointed and had a terrific view of Times Square. The television was new and huge with excellent reception. The beds were comfortable and extra pillows were provided. There was an ironing board/iron in the mirrored closet as well as a safe. We had to call housekeeping for the hairdryer and coffee maker (they should have been in the room upon check-in) and they were brought up immediately with a lovely assortment of instant teas and coffee. One can also request a refrigerator if desired. The room was quiet and effectively insulated us from the noise of Times Square right outside our window. The convenience of this hotel's location can't be beat. We were literally within walking distance to all of our destinations: theaters, subways, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Restaurant Row, and major shopping stores. ABC's Good Morning America studio is across the street and I had obtained tickets to the show prior to our arrival. It was very convenient to arrive there at the requested time of 6:15 a.m.The concierge was very pleasant and helpful providing detailed maps and directions to our destination requests. There is a business center on the second floor with internet access for a fee. However, airline check-on and printing of boarding passes is available at no charge. The fitness center is on the 16th floor. We never had a problem obtaining an elevator when needed. We did dine at the hotel's restaurant Charlotte. The food is delicious albeit expensive. This was a wonderful trip. We enjoyed our stay at the Millenniumimmensely. We'll be back........................	
Oct 15 2008 	Huge room and bed	Stayed for six nights on a room only basis. We had a superior room on the 29th floor. The room was really big, very good sized bathroon and a king size bed. The TV was also huge! Staff were helpful, room was clean and good nick. The hotel is in a good location just off Time Sq with good local diners and in walking distance to most attractions. Good bar across the road called Jimmys Corner and a good shop.	
Oct 12 2008	Wonderful stay at the Millennium!	Saw a great rate at Travelzoo and took a chance and what a payoff!My three night stay was stupendous! A great location and as an earlier reviewer noted the room was VERY quiet and it was a real room by that I mean you actually had space within your room. The bathroom was sumptuous....overall my stay was A++++	
Oct 11 2008 	Great Location!!!	This hotel has a great location on Times Square. With everything you need to explore the city right on your doorstep!!!We stayed at the Millenium Broadway for 2 nights while on holiday. This hotel was well presented although the front desk staff could have used with some cheering up. Our room was bigger than we expected with great views over Times Square. The room was clean and modern with a decent sized bathroom as well. I would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 9 2008 	Perfect Place to Stay for Time Square	My wife and I went to New York in July and decided to stay at the Millenium because we found a great deal through Travelzoo and we wanted to stay in the Broadway area. I can't think of a more ideal location than Millenium. We had a room on the second to top floor of the hotel. Our room had big windows covering two sides of the corner of the room. From that high up, you can imagine how nice the view was, especially with the lights at night. I thought the room was clean and spacious, which is all you can really ask for. I had no problems with the comfort of the bed or the bathroom. There was wireless internet access for a fee.The front desk was very helpful with tips on places to go to eat, and the bellhop had no problems taking and watching our bags when we were several hours too early for check-in. Even though you are in Time Square, you don't hear a peep when you're inside your room. That was nice, especially after a hectic day of walking around. Just a heads up: If you come back to the hotel very late, one entrance to the hotel will be locked and you will have to go all the way to the other side to get in. And make sure to have your room key with you to show the front desk on the way in. So I really enjoyed my stay and with the deal I got, it was a great value. The ONLY complaint I have is that being on a high floor, it takes the elevator forever to get to the lobby. But that's nitpicking. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay.	
Sep 23 2008 	Fantastic hotel experience!	We stayed in New York over the weekend of Sept 19-Sept 22nd and stayed at Millennium Hotel Broadway and had a fantastic experience at this hotel. I travel quite a bit and have never felt the need to write a review on a hotel until now. If you are planning on visiting NYC I would 100% without a doubt suggest this hotel! It was in the perfect area of NYC, right beside Times Square and only a few blocks from the subway. There were some fantastic restuarants only a two blocks away on Restuarant Row and if you are going to the theatre they are all around the hotel. It was quite expensive to stay there over weekend as there were quite a few things going on in the city but we found a rate on travelzoo and we called the hotel directly and they gave us the same rate which saved us some money on the stay. In terms of the hotel itself we had an outstanding experience. We arrived to the most polite hotel representative who gave us a warm greeting as we arrived. Our room was ready first thing in the morning so we were able to check in at 10:45 to begin our site seeing. Our room on the 43rd floor and was much more then we expected, the rooms were quite large and newly renovated and the bathroom was very spacious. If there was one problem with our room it would have to be the TV it didn't work that well but it really didn't bother us because we were never in our room. All the staff in the hotel were very friendly, they alway said hello and had a smile on their face which made our experience there even greater. The concierge were very knowledgeable with the city, things to see, places to shop and great places to eat. *Side note* eat at Benjamin steakhouse, one of the concierge suggested it and it was the best meal of the weekend. All in all we will had a fantastic time in NYC and at this hotel and when we come back to the city that never sleep we will be staying at this hotel again!	
Sep 23 2008 	It was better than I expected	I booked this hotel through priceline for $265 plus tax. After reading some mixed reviews, I was extremely nervous - and last weekend I was away and stayed at a Ritz Carlton, so my expectations were high. We were given a newly renovated room on the 44th floor. The lobby was nothing special, however, the staff was very friendly and helpful. We were able to check in a little early.The room was large by New York standards, and the decor was new. However, when you looked closely, it was not as well kept as you would like. Wallpaper in the hall and in the room was peeling, there was stray paint in places where it should have been cleaned up after a recent paint job. The drain in the sink and in the shower did not work, and there was nothing on the bed other than two sheets and a coverlet. No blanket or comforter or anything. The bed was comfortable and the sheets seemed to be good quality, but I was extremely confused about having to sleep without a blanket. It seems that they have replaced the &quot;soft goods&quot; in the room, but did not do a full overhaul - which would explain the wallpaper and bathroom fixtures. Overall, not a bad stay, but I would probably not stay there again. Oh, and the location was GREAT!	
Sep 21 2008 	OK if you find a bargain	the rooms need a complete makeup,all the stuff is crashed by the touriststampede in the times suare area,find a special rate under 200$$$$$ !!!!!!!	
Sep 17 2008 	Great Location	I just returned from a trip to NYC. I was there 3 nights and because cost was an issue, I stayed at 3 hotels, which I bid for on Priceline. The second was the Millennium Broadway. $215. The concierge, bell staff, front desk staff and theater staff were all friendly and helpful. The room was clean, spacious and comfortable. The hotel is in a great location, half a block from Broadway and very close to the subway and Rockefeller Center.	
Sep 17 2008 	Pre-cruise stay - excellent choice	April school break - cruise on NCL Dawn. Amtrak from PVD to Penn Station, quick taxi ride to hotel. (Pope was actually in town that weekend - very crowded but still enjoyable to be in the city :-)Stayed one night pre-cruise at Millenium Broadway Hotel near Times Square with my SO and one of my children, age 12 (other one in college so could not join us). Excellent location, great price $284 total via Travelzoo deal. Front desk service (I believe his name was Tabur?)was excellent and they checked us in early. Had renovated room on 40th floor. (make sure to ask for this. Heard that not all rooms are done yet). Very comfortable beds. Starbucks, Irish Pub, Toys R Us only a few steps from the hotel - literally. Great Italian food nearby. Duane's a block away for misc items and even beer and wine. (that's a treat for those from Massachusetts. Can you imagine finding beer at CVS - ha)Sunday, took taxi to port - I believe it was also around $15-$20 including generous tip.Would stay at this hotel again when we visit NYC. It is centrally located and almost HALF the price of Marriott TImes Square, etc without any discounts !!!	
Sep 17 2008 	Great Location	We have been goingto the US Open for years but never stayed at such a great location. There were great resturants across the street, many shows 1-2 blocks aways plus, and the #7 subway to the Open was only 2 blks away. My friend is handicapped and accessibility is always a problem. The hotel was great and when we had problems with his scooter, provided us with a wheelchair, and up graded us to a suite so we would have more room. Hi floors have fantastic views of Times Sqq. It was especially busy over Labor Day weekend, but thined out later in the week. Dine after the shows for more intimatcy and more service.	
Sep 16 2008 	Great location remodeled hotel with large rooms for NY good service	The Hotel was a great surprise in that it was a great location, the room was remodeled and quite spacious for New York and they put us on the 43rd Floor with a fabulous view of Times Square. We booked thru Travelzoo at a discount rate but this was better than we hoped for. We arrived at 12 noon and they had a room available for us immediately. This was great, because we had a chance to clean up before heading into the city for a day. We didn't use the hotel's food service, but there was a Starbucks right out the door where we got our morning coffee and yogurt. There are so many different types of restaurants within a few blocks you will not want for food. The staff was pleasant and helpful. I cannot say enough about the location. We went to three Broadway plays and were able to walk to them, avoiding the crazy cab madness in the evening. This alone was worth the stay at this hotel.	
Sep 9 2008 	Great location	Just returned from a weekend stay at the Millennium Broadway in one of their &quot;Superior Rooms&quot;. The room was bigger than expected and clean. The location of the hotel was fabulous. I will definitely stay here again on my next trip to New York.	
Aug 30 2008 	Rooms not 4 star	I bought this room on priceline. I was expecting my 4 star experience not to end at the front desk. I was very disappointed in the room. It was not 4 star by any standards that I know. I work in a Las Vegas resort and know what it takes to get a 4 star rating. The staff was nice and addressed me by name when I checked in the property. (This is a must to get a 4 star rating.) They did what was expected to deserve a 4 start rating. Once I got to the room, that is where my 4 star experience ended. The room was shabby and well worn. The walls were covered with big black scuff marks from suitcases. The air condition was OK but really didn't pump out that much cold air. The chairs in the room were thread barren. The twin beds in our room were both lumpy and most uncomfortable. The room seemed clean...but I would expect that in any 4 star property. The room furnishing were more like 2 1/2 stars. It was a disappointment for $275 a night! I don't mind paying that kind of price for a good room, but I expect the room to be in good condition. If the room had been in the $180 range, I wouldn't complain...their were much nicer places available in the $200 range. I will never use priceline to book a room again. Their idea of 4 Stars and mine are very different. Also, I would issue these two warning about the property: One- Both myself and my travelling companion woke up each day of our stay with the worst case of allergies. She was covered in a rash and I felt sick from my sinuses. Once we left the room, we were fine. We couldn't determine if it was the sheets or the air condition unit that made us sick. The vents were covered in a black film.Two- When we came back after the shows let out in the evenings, we ran into large groups of airline flight crews. They had about 20 people or more in their groups. They would be checking into the property with large bags at this hour of the evening. This along with the people returning from the shows caused a bottle neck in the lobby and elevators. It tooks us over 15 minutes one night to get on an elevator. The location to Broadway was great. But the sounds of the Time Square did loft up the street to our room at night. I must say that I did expect this due to the location, so it didn't bother me. But, it is something to think about when you are that close to Broadway.If you are looking for a 4 star property. I would look some place else. If you can get a room at this property cheap and are just looking for a place close to broadway...then this is the place for you.	
Aug 30 2008 	Not bad for Times Square	We stayed only one night but it was a very good experience. If you can, choose the deluxe rooms that have been upgraded and something on a higher level. Higher floors tend to be quieter with lots less street noise. This hotel is within walking distance of many attractions and easy transit. It's especially handy for crashing after a long day of shopping then a Broadway show!We had a room with 2 doubles - very comfortable, fair sized bathroom (though showing some wear and tear) and lots of room for luggage and working.Check-in was easy, friendly, and all the staff were pleasant.I prefer quieter parts of town to Times Square but needed to be there those few days and found the Millenium an excellent choice. If the price is right go for it!	
Aug 28 2008 	Excellent Location!	Excellent location. Room was adequate, but as the hotel is practically on Times Square you probably won't spend much time there. It was also the cheapest hotel in the area.	
Aug 28 2008 	Millennium a Mixed Bag	I had originally booked a different hotel near Times Square, but then Travelzoo ran a special for the Millennium and I decided to jump on it. I read some of the reviews here and became rather concerned, but ended up keeping my reservation.The Pros:The location is pretty hard to beat. You're literally half a block from the center of Times Square. In fact we had a partially obstructed view of the Good Morning America studios from our 36th floor room. There's also a deli across the street, of which we didn't try, but it seemed fairly busy and it would have certainly been convenient.The bellman and doormen are very friendly and helpful. As soon as we pulled up, a fully uniformed doormen was at my side. Once in the door, the bellman were very helpful in storing our luggage until our room became available because we arrived early in the afternoon prior to check-in time.The rooms were clean from everything I could tell. The a/c worked well, in fact too well. In the middle of the night I got up to turn it down because I had set the temperature too low. The bathroom was spacious with a nice large marble top counter and high end 'sample' toiletries. An in room safe was provided along with a large closet and a flat screen tv.The Cons:I have never ever slept in a more uncomfortable bed in my life. I literally felt like I was laying on a wooden board underneath a very thin sheet. The pillows weren't bad, but I was literally vertical because the mattress had absolutely no give. My friend and I both tossed and turned all night long, trying desperately to find a more comfortable position, but it was of no use.The front desk staff was only marginally helpful upon check-in. I asked for an early check-in, they took all my info, had me sign the papers, and then went on to tell me that there were no rooms available yet. He asked that we come back at 2pm, there would definitely something ready to go by then. So we checked our bags with the bellmen and headed out into the city. We returned around 3pm, hungry and with sore feet just wanting to take a quick cat nap before going out for the rest of the evening. I return to the desk, a different person this time, and I'm told that check-in time is 4pm(which I find rather later anyway). I told him that I had already checked in, that I was just waiting for my room to become available. He repeated the 4pm mantra. So my friend and I crashed in the seating area off of the lobby to wait it out. 4pm rolls around, and by this time there's a long line to check in. I finally get up to the front, just to get a crossed eyed look by yet another different person. She goes back behind some secret little door and finally emerges 10 minutes later with a key. I had previously asked her if it was at all possible to maybe get a room with a view or at least a high floor. Yeah, didn't get either. No big deal, but she kinda blew me off entirely, not saying a word that our room had neither a great view or was on one of the higher floors. I was just less than impressed on the whole with the entire check-in process.No ice machines that I could find. The ice bucket was on the top shelf of the closet and upon inspection of the 'welcome' book that sits on the bureau, ice is available upon turn down service or calling the operator. So we ended up going with room temp soda for the night.While parking expenses are ridiculous in NYC on the whole, $55 a night is still steep I think. Yes, it's valet, but for the valet garage being one block over, it took us over half an hour to get our vehicle back. which put us right in rush hour traffic. So on the whole, while some aspects were nice, I don't think I would choose to stay at this establishment again, though the location is quite appealing.	
Aug 27 2008 	Wonderful Millennium- we'll go back!	We stayed Aug 22-24. I booked through Travelzoo at $199/nite w/upgrade for a king. It was great! I was worried about the previous reviews and considered booking the Westin for the Heavenly Beds. No need- the Millennium was great. Great bed, room was bigger than the Grandy Hyatt and it did have blackout curtains. We checked in early at 1:45pm and late checkout at 1pm. Our room was on the 45th floor with a view of Chrysler bldg. and river. A new 40&quot; flat screen was installed in our room! They are upgrading them in all rooms. Complimentary tea/coffee in the room. The Concierge graciously checked us in online with Delta for our return flight and printed the boarding pass. The Hotel has great location just off Broadway and a quiet street not a major pass through street. It's on same street as Spamalot- tickets are discounted with Travelzoo for $70. TKTS booth is on 46th street outside the Marriott Hotel, but you have to wait in line and pay cash. Same price so use the Travelzoo discount tickets. Here's what we did: Carnegie Deli for lunch $30, Pedicab in Central Park $65/ 1 hr. tour, Spamalot show $140, comedy club $10 cover tickets from street vendor around Times Square, Ferrara's bakery in Little Italy for dessert, Sparks steakhouse- where Gotti made his start as Boss, viewed WTC from 4 WTC and Battery Park. Chinatown for some great designer knockoffs- purse $35, necklace $10. Took the NJ Transit from Penn station and AirTrain- $30 pperson. The hotel bellhop will store your bags if you have a late flight. Enjoy!	
Aug 25 2008 	Wonderful hotel in the heart of New York.	We stayed at the Millennium Broadway for a week on our honeymoon and had a fabulous time!Right on Times Square, we could not have asked for a better location from which to explore the city. The room was huge - with the biggest bed I have ever seen! And whilst not recently decorated it was very clean and we could actually see Times Square from our window!The room had very good air conditioning - it was very hot when we were there - and as we stayed for a week (longer than average apparently) we were given a fridge which was ideal for keeping drinks and bottled water cool.From here we were able to walk to the Empire States building, central park and get the tube to anywhere on and off Manhatten Island. We would go back to New York and stay here again - a fabulous place to stay!	
Aug 17 2008 	Excellent hotel with a great location	Stayed a weekend at the Millenium Broadway and it was fantastic. Was sceptical of a hotel near Times Square but it was classy and nice. My room had good views of Times Square, the staff were courteous and the location was hard to beat for the action of NY.If you want a good hotel in the centre of the action, this is it. If you want some peace and quiet, look elsewhere.	
Aug 16 2008 	Thumbs Up For the Millenium_ Great experience	I have stayed at various Manhattan hotels over the years. Primarily 4 and 5 star hotels. I must say that I was pleasantly surprised with the experience I had at the Millenium Hotel. The room was a very nice size for NYC. Excellent Location. In the heart of New York, Times Square, Bryant park. You cannot go wrong with the location. Starbucks in right next door. The main train stop to take you anywhere in Manhattan is at Times Square. 1 Block from the hotel.The room was in good shape. Comfortable beds, and the maid service was good. I called down to housekeeping, and asked for a comforter, and was brought one within 3 minutes. It came wrapped up in a dry cleaning bag. Nice and pressed. I was impressed with the speed and service. Front desk was very nice and pleasant. I used the To be honest, the few people who wrote bad reviews must have been at a different hotel, because I could not find any fault with this hotel. I paid 199 for Sunday night, and 249 mid week. Well worth the money! I would stay here again without hesitation at these prices.	
Aug 11 2008 	Don't bother	There are many great places to stay in NYC and this is not one of them.We ordered a room with a king bed - but we got a queen.When we checked in at the front desk - we were directed to another hotel next door - it was kind of puzzling. There was almost no lobby in this hotel - just a person sitting at a desk with a computer.When we got to our room - it looked nothing like the website and it was incredibly small.A real disappointment. Try another place.	
Aug 10 2008 	Lovely Hotel	The staff was efficient and pleasant. The room was spacious and beautifully appointed. The location was very convienient for walking Manhattan--Just off Time Square. The price was very reasonable. The hotel helped make our stay a very enjoyable experience.	
Aug 8 2008 	rotten rotten over-priced and dirty hotel....avoid	My new husband and I stayed here from 17th-24th July as part of our honeymoon. When checking in, we thought we'd have a go at asking for an upgrade and were assured that we had a good view. When we reached the room (on the 37th floor) all we could see were office buildings. We just laughed that off, but the more we looked around the (tiny) room, the more dirt we saw. The carpets were filthy, horrible cushions and a bedspread were on the bed and clearly hadn't been cleaned anytime recently. Also, our room was right next to housekeeping and every morning without fail from 8am, the door constantly banged open and closed, not exactly how you want to be woken up on your honeymoon. Housekeeping also didn't come every day and on the 3rd day of not having clean towels, i went to the desk (at 11pm) to complain and was told they'd be sent along right away....we had to wait half an hour for someone to come to the door and rudely pass them over without saying a word. The bin in our room was over flowing with rubbish, like water bottles etc and we had to start collecting our rubbish in plastic bags while we were waiting on our bins to be emptied. Overall, I found all staff to be rude and even the restaurant wasn't up to scatch - it was dirty, with food all over the seats. On retrospect, we wish we had complained as it was our honeymoon and we'd spent £1,200 on the room for 7 nights.The only plus side is the location, but I would recommend staying somewhere a bit further away from Times Square as it is very full on.To sum up, we were really really disappointed with this hotel, which states clearly that it is 4*? I really don't know how they have gotten away with this statement, as in my opinion, it wouldn't even be a 3 - I've stayed in cleaner, nicer youth hostels.	
Aug 8 2008 	great affordable hotel	We just returned from 5 days at the milennium Broadway Hotel. We found a great deal thru TravelZoo for 199.00 per night. This hotel was centrally located for visiting all the tourist sites. The rooms where clean and nice decor. At night the room was extremly quite for being in new york. We were on the 31st floor.The only problem I found was when we made the reservations we were told we would get two double beds. Actually the beds were enlarged singles....There was 3 of us but we made it work out...I would stay there again if I was coming to the city to do all the tourist things.....	
Aug 8 2008 	Great Hotel for the Price	Stayed at the Millennium form 31 July – 3 August. The location of the hotel is great. Got a good deal on Priceline for $222 per night. Room size was adequate for two adults. Stayed on the 40th floor, a corner room with partial view of Main Street. Lot’s…. of shopping to due within walking distance from the hotel. You must visit Macy’s. My dear wife and I got lost in the place. The hotel is definitely not a 4 star as rated by Priceline More closer to a 3 Star rating. The hotel served it purpose for my visit. Check-in and check was a breeze. The Staff at the Front Desk was very helpful and polite. The décor of the hotel was OK……….. Overall my stay was great and I will stay there again on my next visit to NY.	
Aug 6 2008 	Awesome	Well, we (myself and my wife) stayed here from July 10th - 15th 2008 for our honeymoon, We got married on July 4th. It was my 5th time in NYC since 1999 and my wifes 2nd in 2yrs. This was by far and away the best hotel I (we) have stayed in in NYC, poss one of the best hotels I have stayed in full stop. After reading some reviews, I was a bit &quot;eek, I hope we have picked right&quot;. We could not find a fault at all, the staff were ultra helpfull and polite. We stayed in room 2101 (I think it was 01 anyways) it was the biggest room on the floor, with a two seater sofa, single arm chair, TV, view of Times Square (so our night light was the lights of Times Square, how awesome) and one of the most comfortabe beds I have ever stayed in. The bathroom was big, clean marble finish. Rooms were cleaned by noon each day on our floor. We rang down and asked for a fridge to store our drinks etc as it was pretty hot during our stay (what was great as it was raining most days back in England......again). The fridge was delivered within an hour. The location of the hotel was 2nd to non, next door to Toys R Us, awesome. There was a great eating place/bar rght over the street from the 44st exit called Virgil's, its was so nice, and to me was a traditional American bar (seemed to have a good share of locals, so must have been ok). Another great place we ate was &quot;Ruby Tuesdays&quot; on Times Square by Champs. I would advise anyone to stay here (going by our room, we didn't want to upgrade it as it more than served its purpose, clean, secure (had safe in room) and comfy). End of the day, you dont go to a city like NY to spend it in your room, but it was a great place to return with your battered and bruised feet each day. Location was staggering. We would 100% stay here again.	
Aug 6 2008 	Disappointing	My wife and I were married in NYC just over two years ago, and stayed at the Millennium (albeit the Premier tower) for a week of our two in the city, it was great. So much so, when we returned in July, we thought we couldn't go wrong returning. How wrong were we? OK, we weren't in the Premier, but in a Superior King on a high floor, so we thought it would be good. Firstly, the good. It was a large room by NYC standards, and the reception staff were excellent. We asked for a fridge for the room, as we were there for nine nights, and it promptly arrived on the second request. However, the bed was really uncomfortable and the pillows virtually pointless (you might as well have had your head on the mattress). The external noise, considering we were on the 31st floor was instrusive, and the A/C very poor.Now admittedly, we are night animals, so were out until late, and the cleaning people called the first few mornings to ask if we'd like the room cleaned. So, we quickly got out, and allowed them to do their job. However, that soon stopped, and for the last five days our room wasn't dealt with at all, and no question as to whether we wanted it cleaned. That's just wrong! Until, miraculously, the cleaner arrived in our room at 9am on our departure day, asssumingly to ready the room for the next incumbents, despite the fact we had the 'do not disturb sign' on the door (we had a 24 hour journey home ahead.)Unfortunately, we had recommended the hotel to friends who were on honeymoon this year. They had a great time in Vegas and loved NYC, but really didn't like the Millennium.I'm sad to write such a negative review, given our previous experience, but its what we encountered.Location-wise, its great, but there are many other hotels in the district which we will try next time.We will not return to this hotel.	
Aug 6 2008 	A Good Review	Our 2 night stay was very pleasurable. We had a superior room on the 48th floor (booked thru Travelzoo at $199 per night as a special). I've stayed in the city several times and this was the largest room I've had yet. Of course, in other cities it would be average or small.The check in staff were pleasant. I noted on other reviews that there were not enough pillows and blankets. We had extra in our closets. We didn't need to ask for anything more. The flat screen tv didn't work all that well, but I wasn't there to watch tv. You can tell that some of the furnishings are worn, but you have to remember that the room houses different people in it every day, who generally don't care if they bump or rough something up. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I realize that hotel rooms get alot of wear and tear. For $200 a night in NYC right in Times Square, I'm surely not complaining...	
Aug 2 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	This hotel is amazing. Having never been to New York before, my friend and I had no idea just how great the location would be. It is right on Times Square with lots of great restaurants around, plus fantastic shopping and theatre shows right on your doorstep and all the main attractions within a short walk. We were apprehensive about safety before leaving home but needn't have been. Even in the early hours of the morning the area was buzzing with people enjoying themselves and we didn't see or hear of any trouble at all and felt very safe the whole time.We were fortunate to have views of the Chrysler building, Empire State building as well as Times Square from our 33rd floor room. We booked through Expedia and were told all expedia guests were automatically given a premier room. This was large, very clean and had very comfortable twin beds (4 foot so small doubles). The bathroom had lovely soft towels and luxury toiletries and a good powerful shower and bath.Our receptionist wasn't overly friendly but very polite and helpful and allowed us to check in and use our room several hours early. The concierges were very helpful and booked us a very reasonable car to the airport for our return trip.We are planning to return to New York and will absolutely definitely be staying at the Millennium Broadway again and would highly recommend it to others.	
Jul 30 2008 	Great location average hotel	This is our second time staying at the Millenium Broadway. Chose this hotel due to the $199 Travelzoo special and its great location! Definitely not a 4 star but almost a 3 star. For as long as we were in our rooms, 9 hours total and 7+ when we were asleep, the room served its purpose. Location is a block from TS but there was no noise. Interior of lobby is dark and kinda gloomy but rooms are brighter. I think they could have chosen a different color for the bedspreads and drapes, orange seems a little tacky. But like I said we weren't in the room long enough to really notice. Within walking distance to a lot of attractions, Rock Center, Central Park, Macys, ESB. But we like walking since it is all flat, no hills, some attractions might be too far for some.Would stay again for the right price.	
Jul 28 2008 	Motel masquerading as "4-star" hotel...	We stayed at the Millennium Broadway because of an enticing low Sunday-night rate offered on a travel website. Alas, we were to pay dearly for our frugality by discovering, in brutal fashion, the reality of this &quot;four-star hotel&quot;. The first inauspicious signs were the awful kitsch frescoes hung in the lobby. Commissioned, I presume, to remind one of Italy in the days of the high Renaissance, they possess, like so much in this hotel, the ---look--- of the high class, but a half glance more reveals their utter tawdriness. The staff workers generally suffered from a lack of attentiveness and decorousness, and it was some time we had to wait before being able to check-in, a process acquitted with complete indifference.Our room itself, supposedly of &quot;superior&quot; class, was of standard size, large enough by NYC standards, but its condition! Again, completely meretricious, faux-everything, distinctive only in its aspirations for motel quality. Cracks in the wood; paint-peeling, marks, smudges in the walls, water stains in the bathroom, a lopsided, half-broken faucet, shower head with insipid water pressure, towels which were &quot;too dry&quot; and creaked like an old-house, an itchy bed with ineffectual blankets coupled with an old, rock-hard dilapidated mattress, TV whose audio was shot and full of static, dirty carpeting. We called house-keeping for extra blankets, because of the inadequate sheets. Thirty minutes later no one had come and after calling once more, I found out these had been delivered to the wrong room. They sent out the goods again; a man showed up bearing an armful of their &quot;first-class&quot; bath towels! Upon telling him that it was extra blankets I wanted, he finally appeared a few minutes later with something folded in a coat hanger. How shall I describe this unique object? It was a piece of thin foam, the kind one finds used to package electronics items, and about half the size of an adult human. But the worst of it was that it was possessed by the stench of the contents of someone's vomit. Of course it was unusable --- its fragances were so noxious that it was indeed impossible to live in the same room as this thing.After this fetid final straw we resigned ourselves to our fate, and checked out the next day with a morbid haste, having learned a very hard lesson.All the above could be excused --- no, expected --- if this were some mom-and-pop strip hostel out of Smucksville, charged at $40/day. But I think it is scandalous for a Times-square property from an international chain, at the nominal rate of $400/day. And yes, it is scandalous even at the Sunday rate, because there are motels that far surpass what is achieved here.	
Jul 27 2008 	What a find!	Having found an ad on travelzoo for a room at the Millenium for under $200 in the middle of July we were shocked to see a Times Square hotel of decent quality at this rate. We were overwhelmingly impressed to find that the hotel blew away our expectations. The rooms are recently renovated, clean and spacious (for NYC). The check-in process was quick and efficient and the location is superb. I will absolutely be back to this hotel and was thrilled to find such a gem and certainly such a sweet deal.	
Jul 26 2008 	Not the Palace.........	We stayed here for a business meeting and the rooms were very small like most New York hotels, but we were upgraded to 50th floor after having a smoking room assigned. The upgrade was a full size bed. We called for some extra pillows and blankets twice and was never received. The front desk staff was not very helpful. The room was freezing most of the time. The location is very crowded being right off of Times Square. There is a great place to eat right next door called Bond 45 which was the best meal we had. The homemade pizza was the best. The Concenigere desk was very helpful. I prefer staying closer to Rockfeller Center.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed at the Millennium from July 3 to July 8, 2008.Check-in was a breeze and the room was great.We had an incredicle view of Time Square.The room was clean and comfortable. The TV was small but we didn't care because we had very little time to watch TV. The location is very convenient especially if you plan on seeing some Broadway Plays. We would go visiting during the day and get back to our room to shower and change before heading out to a play.The location also allows you to walk to several of the major tourist attractions, Time square, Central Park, Rockeffeler Center, Radio City,etc..We will definately be staying here againThere is a deli style store on both 44 and 45 street, great for salads or sandwiches.One tip I would give is to give yourself enough time to catch the elevator as they did tend to get very busy at times.	
Jul 23 2008 	Good location - but bad hotel experience	This hotel has a great location, just a couple of seconds from Times Square. Thats pretty much it. First of all I agree with most of the other reviews - considering the standard of rooms, cleanliness, reception area etc, this is NOT a 4 star hotel. It is 3, or maybe 3.5 at most.I booked the Sunday Night Promo Package on the hotel's own website. Following text is copied directly from their website and this text was on my booking confirmation as well:&quot;With this package you will receive a 20% discount off the best available Standard Room rate for your Sunday night stay. On top of that, you will receive a complimentary upgrade to a Superior Room and a complimentary coupon for a cocktail or beverage in our sensational Charlotte Restaurant or Lounge.&quot; Well, when checking in they refused to recognize any of this. I had to argue about the upgrade to a Superior room. And they didnt know anything about any coupons for cocktails, which resultated in that I had to run several times back and forth between the reception and bar and discuss with bartenders and reception staff....just to get the drink I had already paid for. - Not so funny.Also, they claimed that the 20% discount off was already reflected in the price in the confirmation, which is totally wrong according to the information on the Hotel website. Later they admitted that the information on the Hotel website was misleading and gave me my 20% discount.Also, they claim that their Superior rooms (located on floor 28 and higher) all have flat-screen TVs. (see the website). My Superior room on the 39th floor did NOT have a flat-screen. I asked the reception staff why, and they answered that SOME of the Superior rooms have flat-screen TVs, but not all. Well, why on earth do they then claim it in the room descriptions???.....This hotel needs to educate their staff better and stop lying in the room descriptions on their web site.	
Jul 21 2008 	Definitely Not Worth the Price!	Stayed at the Millenium from 7/19 through 7/22. Our first trip to New York. First, the Millenium Broadway is right in the heart of Times Square. The location is excellent. The Starbucks right downstairs is great. We were impressed at how accessible things were from walking. The hotel itself is NOT a 4 star accomodation. We stayed in a Standard, king size room on the 20th floor. I told the front desk that it was our first time in NY and requested an upgrade. Of course, he said there were no rooms available. The room we received was adequate in size, but that was about it. The carpets were dirty. The television was old, and the remote to it barely worked. The internet access for $10.95 a day was slow. The view was a partial view of a marqui between some buildings. The bathroom tub had a dirty shower curtain on it and the tub would clog everytime you took a shower. This hotel was overpriced and dirty. Maybe the upgraded rooms are nice, but beware that through Priceline, you get standard accomodations. I could have received a better deal on Travelzoo for an upgraded room at the Millenium. Now I know. I will most likely never stay at the Millenium again, however. Next time, I am sticking with a Marriott hotel.	
Jul 19 2008 	Great Hotel in NYC	The hotel staff was great. We booked through a secondary provider and were treated very well at check-in. We requested a king bed in smoke-free room and this request was granted. The room was very clean and well maintained. The hotel is located very near Time Square. My only criticism was that we could hear a party on the hotel roof accost the street on Saturday night that went on until 3:00 AM. The Friday and Sunday nights were quiet – so try to get a room on the highest floor possible – especially on weekends. To be fair – I can not blame this hotel for the noise from an adjacent building.	
Jul 19 2008 	Best Hotel on Times Square's doorstep	The hotel is amazing. staff are really friendly and the rooms are awesome. make sure you get a superior room as the views are incredible. we stayed on the 50th floor - room 5004, brilliant view of the empire state and the hard rock cafe.air con is awesome and room has everything you will ever need	
Jul 17 2008 	Great stay but not 5-star	If you want to stay in the heart of NY, this is a great hotel to consider.Positives:- great location- great staff and service- nice rooms- business functionality: flawless, high-speed internet worked great as did cell phone receptionNegatives:- megaphone announcement of my room number. Now I would think now most hotels would know not to do this, but I am wrong.- The restaurant: by far the most bizarre experience I've had in a while was at this restaurant attached to the hotel. First of all, the place looked closed - it was dark, damp/musty with a vague smell of vomit. Upon asking, a person dressed somewhere between waiter - and - janitor/clean-up-crew confirmed that &quot;yes&quot;, they are &quot;serving food.&quot; We sat down next to a table where either:a. there had just been a massive food fight or b. a wild party just left and someone forgot to clean upAfter having two waiters ask us if we needed anything to drink, they apparently were not sure who was actually serving us, and told us &quot;if you need anything, just yell over in that direction and someone will help you.&quot; We ate and got out of there, but this was the downside to this hotel.All in all, the rest of the stay was fine, too bad about the restaurant, but in the end I still recommend staying here (just don't eat here).	
Jul 15 2008 	Good Hotel Good Price	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and loved it.Great Location!Great Price!Very Friendly staff.We did not encounter any staff members who were rude.Front desk and bellstaff were very helpful.And this hotel is right in the middle of the action.I would not hesistate to stay at this hotel again	
Jul 14 2008 	You get what they promise you	When you research hotels online, you pretty much have to rely on pictures, and most of the time the pictures are inaccurate.In this hotel the pictures are very close to the reality, I stayed in a superior room at 30th floor room 3001 and I got a very nice big room with a big comfy king bed, and a view of time square, I have nothing bad to say about this hotel, its really value for your money in time square. If I had to pick my favourite hotel in time square I would say Marriott marquis but millennium Broadway hotel is a very close runner up. My star rating would be 3.5 although the hotel only rate it self as a 3 star I recommend that you stay here if you want to be close to Time Square.	
Jul 14 2008 	IGNORE THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS!	After reading some of the negatives on this board I was a little concerned about my &quot;win&quot; on Priceline.Check went very smoothly - we did have to return, but was very quick.Room was extra large - by NYC standards.View of Chrysler Building from the 36th floor was a great view. Would have preferred a Times Square view, but hey I got this room on Priceline and wouldn't expect the &quot;best room&quot; to be allotted.A nice touch was when we returned at midnight and there was a security guy checking room keys - made us feel very secure.I will definitely book the Millenium for my next trip. Very centrally located steps away from Times Square.	
Jul 12 2008 	Great location and value for New York	Like others I also booked a special deal on Travelzoo which included a free upgrade to a superior room. We were given a superior room on the corner on the 45th floor with views of Time Square. Room and bathroom were huge. Bed was comfortable. Location was central and on doorstep to bustling Times Square. Would definitely consider staying here again.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Service	The staff was SO GREAT! I travel a lot and have never had a staff be so friendly and helpful. I actually changed my room 3 times and they were great about it. My first room was on the 52 floor (too high for me), then I went to the 16th floor (the electrical outlets didn't work in the bathroom, and then I was in 3311, GREAT room!!!! Fabulous location!!!	
Jul 4 2008 	Excellent Hotel 	Just returned from a 3 day stay at Millennium Broadway, and I can't complain...The front desk was very helpful at checking in and checking out, they had no problem holding our luggage after we checked out, one thing about this hotel was how friendly the staff was. It was a very clean hotel, our room was very nice, and the beds were very comfortable, and the air condition was always on keeping the room at a relaxing temperature..We were on the 24th floor, and the only noises that we heard were sirens from police, and ambulance. The best part about Millennium is the location, we were right in the middle of times square, so everything was within walking distance, including many of top tourist attractions.. didn't take one cab. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC!	
Jul 3 2008	Pretty good	This hotel is well located near Time Square but as a result, it is pricey. Even on Priceline, it came in at over $240 a night.Rooms are functional and have all the necessities. I have to say they are small but aparently most rooms in New York hotels are. Either way, it was a comfortable room. The service was good and the staff helpful. As the location is very central, it is very busy and noisy around the hotel. Time Square is busy at all hours so consider this as most outdoor noise can be heard from the hotel.	
Jul 3 2008 	Thanks to Travelzoo I enjoyed my 1 night stay	I read all the previous posts - so I knew that I could be given a shabby room. Therefore, when I checked in, I asked for a room on a high floor (and I requested one with a flat-screen TV). My room was outstanding - clean, modern, high up, quiet. There wasn't a coffee-maker, so I requested one and a new one was brought to my room within minutes. I also requested a stand-alone fridge, b/c I'd read about using the mini-bar to store things (I'd be charged if I moved anything one inch) - but they didn't remember to bring me one. Even with this misstep, I can't complain, b/c my 1 night stay was terrific.	
Jul 2 2008 	Location Location Location and Value	Just returned from Millenium Broadway. Room fantastic, 45th floor, views wonderful. Room clean and coffee maker added extra treat after a hard day walking.Location is just perfect. Cannot be matched. Looked at many hotels and none matched this location, you walked out of the door and New York was at your feet bursting with activity. Staff helpful. Deli across the road soooooo useful on a hot day. Had read mixed reviews, but was not disappointed at all, and to be honest the location makes up for anything. So don't be put off by what you read on negative reviews. EnjoyCK and son	
Jul 1 2008 	Great Times Square Hotel	My wife and I just returned from a 3 night stay in New York City at the Millenium Broadway. Part business and part fun.From the moment we arrived at reception the hotel staff was wonderful. Our upgraded room on the 40th floor was available at once and it was quite large by New York City standards. We did have a few requests of housekeeping and they were taken care of immediately. Every employee of the hotel that we met was friendly and could not do enough to make our stay more enjoyable.We have been coming to New York City for over 40 years and have stayed in large and small hotels with good and bad experiences.The Millenium Broadway has done it's best to make us want to return to their hotel.A &amp; JMarblehead, MA	
Jul 1 2008	Again a great stay!	I recently stayed at this hotel a few weeks ago and cannot complain about a single thing. My first stay here was in July of 2006 and was satisfied enough to return again. The staff at the front desk were very friendly and fulfilled every request that we asked. We checked in on a Friday afternoon around 1:00 and they even gave us a high floor room with a view of the Empire State Building, Chrysler Building and a bit of Times Square for no additional fee, just by simply asking. My room was very clean and fresh. The only issue found upon arriving in the room was that a light bulb had burned out, yet a quick call to the front desk and two minutes later the bulb was changed by a very polite hotel worker that quickly apologized and changed the bulb. Bathrooms were clean and once again cleaned every morning there after by housekeeping as we headed out into the city. The concierge service proved to again on this trip to be just as helpful in finding and providing information to us. As well, all of the doormen are very friendly and willing to carry on a nice conversation with you as they hail a cab for you out of the main entrance of the hotel. One of the most pleasing things that I took notice of during my stay was that if you enter the hotel after approximately 11:30 at night, a doorman will ask to see your room key, a safety measure to keep the riff-raff out. The only true issues that I can find at all after two very nice stays at the Millennium Broadway are as follows:1) WiFi access is done on a day-by-day 24 hour fee basis. In order to gain internet access you must charge a 24 usage fee to your room, and charge again for each day you wish to use WiFi. Free WiFi would be ideal, but if charging is necessary, a flat rate fee for you stay would be second to ideal. 2) As with any hotel, the beverages and snacks in the mini-fridge come with a hefty price, but to charge $5 for a 12oz glass bottle of Coca-Cola is a little extreme. However, there are solutions. One would be to take a short ride down the elevator to the gift shop and buy a soda or water for about $2. Or secondly take a short walk to a Duane-Reade just around the corner and just buy some there. Overall, I really cannot find one reason to make a case of why this would be a bad place to stay. The location is about as perfect as they come. The price is reasonable and competitive with other Theater District hotels in Times Square. I plan to return to this hotel in my future trips to New York and will continue to do so until I see a reason not to.	
Jun 28 2008 	Trust me don't stay here	booked through travelzoo and got a good deal for the location. I would say location would be the absolute ONLY thing good about this place. Staff were extremely rude. Upon check-in I was told to bring my own luggage in yet the bellman expected a tip. Needless to say he didn't get one. The beds were extremely hard....extremely. Parking for the hotel is a block and a half away from the hotel and is 55.00/night. At that parking lot, they will not lock your car. I had to retrieve a video camera I had left in my vehicle and found the car unlocked. I locked it when I left but when I returned again to place some souveniers in the vehicle, it was unlocked again. I complained but who knows if they kept it locked. It would not have been a big deal had the parking lot not been so easily accessible to the public. Upon checking out, they attempted to charge me more for parking than they had originally told me. Attempted to charge me 65.00 a night instead of 55.00. Also, the receptionist tried to charge me full price for the room instead of the deal I received through travelzoo. Had I not had my receipt, who I would have been out of luck. I would definitely say avoid this place unless you get an incredible deal. Otherwise, you'll be sorry you spent your hard earned dollars on a sub-par hotel.	
Jun 28 2008 	Nice overnight stay	My husband and I stayed at the Millennium Broadway for one night during a short weekend trip to the city.The hotel is very conveniently located in Times Square. We arrived around 11:30 am on Saturday, and were able to check into our room right away. We were given a nice corner room on the 25th floor. It was on the smaller side, but definitely fine for for the 2 of us for such a short stay. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was nice with really nice bath products. This hotel is on the older side, and I'm not sure if we had a renovated room or not (I'm thinking not) so if you're looking for a super luxurious place, this isn't it.The only complaint I would have is that the A/C wasn't as cold as we would have liked, but after leaving it on all night while we were out, the room did cool down enough for us to sleep.I would definitely stay in this hotel again when visiting NYC.	
Jun 25 2008 	Definitively not a 4 stars!	Stayed there for 4 days in 06/08 with a friend. Requested a bedroom with 2 double beds (superior room) on Hotwire and also phoned the hotel. Upon arrival (3 pm), was told that a Superior King size room was assigned to us. They told me to come back after 4 pm; came back in the line again and finally got my request. Was forced to call the housekeeping to get the carpet cleaned when I arrived in the rooom (large &quot;dust bunnies&quot;). We used at least 15 different key cards during our stay; they did not worked most of the time. We heard every possible excuse from the front desk people, but the problem was never corrected. &quot;Concierge&quot; personnel was not really helpful and did not seem to be willing to go the extra mile for suggesting restaurants/bars, etc. Another proof that this hotel does not deserve a 4* ranking. Very good location, room large by NY standards, and also quiet. Beds firm but good. The &quot;key cards situation&quot; was really annoying and bothered us during the complete stay. I lost faith in Hotwire ranking and will not trust them anymore. Would consider going back to this hotel with a price reflecting its 3-3.5 stars rating and if somebody give me a warranty that I can access my room every time I want!	
Jun 24 2008 	Can't Wait To Leave!!! Huge waste of my company's money!!!	We feel so compelled to immediately warn unsuspecting travelers, that we are writing this review (thankfully on our last night here). Our first impression of this hotel was an intimidating man behind the desk informing us, in a confusing Russian accent, that check-in was not until 4pm! We had NEVER heard of such a late check-in. In any case, he changed his tune after some protest and said he was going to give us the best non-smoking, king room in the house- a corner room on the 52nd floor. We felt quite privileged and rushed upstairs to what we thought would be a spectacular room! Instead, we walked into a room that overwhelmingly STUNK of MOTH BALLS!!! I didn't expect to be spending my NY business trip in my grandmother's closet. It was very clear that the moth ball/bleach stench was an attempt at some sort of cover-up, smoke or otherwise. I called to the front desk, and after a few minutes of claiming they had no other rooms, they finally asked us to come back downstairs so we could get a key for a different room.New room: Literally no fitted sheet on the bed. They threw a flat sheet and tucked it under. It didn't take long for this to come undone and reveal the bare mattress which I should mention, was terribly, TERRIBLY uncomfortable. Something just felt wrong about sleeping in this bed. (I see others have mentioned the lack of fitted sheet- so this must be a trend?)The view was staring straight into a huge office building with brightly lit flourescent lights that provided a constant glow straight into our room. Kind of felt like being in a cubicle while I was trying to sleep.Internet was so unreliable that I called to complain 5 times and finally got both nights taken off of my bill. I told them that I was intended to get work done online in the evening and that the service had failed me numerous times. Television gave off a &quot;humming&quot; noise which made it difficult to enjoy. The picture was very poor. Not that I am a big TV watcher, but if I am to watch, what's so hard about giving me a good picture with good sound? For $450 a night, I expected a flat screen. Not even close... There was no mini-fridge in here. They did bring one up upon request, but again, for $450 a night- no fridge??? Hairdryer shut off 3 times while I was using it, not a deal-breaker, but come on!!!! Give me SOMETHING! What a HUGE waste of money. We found this new place right nearby that was literally $150 less. The lobby alone was new, wonderfully lit, modern and clean. We really wished we could have jumped ship and spent our last night there instead, but nonetheless we are stuck here for another 12 hours and counting down the minutes.	
Jun 24 2008 	Critics Were Wrong	Like many others who have posted reviews on TA, I chose the Millennium Broadway with some reservations based on the negative reviews. I am happy to say that they were wrong. We just returned from a 4-day, 3-night stay and it could not have been a better experience. Arriving at 5 PM Friday, we were checked in by a helpful desk clerk within 5 minutes. We had reserved a superior 2-bed room, and had requested a non-smoking room on a higher floor. Having read other reviews, we requested a renovated room at check in. Room 4706 was everything we had asked for. From the 47th floor, we had great views of Times Square, a view of the Chrysler Building, Empire State Building, the bay and more. The room was very clean, did not smell of smoke, had multiple pillows on each bed with a spare in the closet, blankets, a flat-panel TV, a coffee maker with a variety of coffee and tea selections, an iron, a hairdryer, in-room refirgerator (we did not touch the drinks or $5 snacks and were not charged accordingly) and plenty of personal shower items and towels. The air conditioner was on upon arrival and it worked perfectly throughout our stay. The only noise we heard came from an occasional fire/police siren on the streets 47 floors below. All the hotel staff was pleasant, helpful and welcoming. Maid service was prompt, polite and non-obtrusive. The lobby and corridors were clean, as were the super speedy elevatorsThe hotel is literally steps away from Times Square and all that it has to offer. Starbucks lover? Exit the hotel on 45th , turn left , take 20 steps and you are there. Hungry? Exit on 45th turn right, cross the street and you have Cranberries Cafe featuring made to order pancakes or french toast for $2, a ham and cheese omlet, potatos and toast for $3, a fresh fruit bar and chineese food buffet (after 10 AM) for $6.99 a pound, or made to order sandwiches all day. With plenty of seating room upstairs (including a flat panel TV), it is a perfect spot to start or end your day. Want something more formal? Exit on 44th, cross the street and you have Virgil's BBQ. A meat lovers haven, it features prompt service, good food, and friendly staff who will recognise and greet you as such if you return again during your stay. A few more step away on Boradway you will find TGIF's, Planet Hollywood, Bubba Gump Shrimp, and anything else you may like including pizza, NY style hot dogs, and various street vendors. You can walk to Central Park, but the subway is advised to spare the sore feet that will result. 5th Avenue and all the premier shops it offers is a quick walk away from the hotel. Although we did not go to see any Broadway shows, most are 1-2-3 blocks away from the front door.Check out was a breeze with a complete and accurate statement slipped under our door the morning of our departure. The bell hop will check your bags for late departures and last minute shopping. Cabs are flagged down right in front of the hotel. Limo service is also available ( a little more than a cab however). The subway station at 42nd and Broadway will allow travel to all points in Manhattan for $2 per trip or $7.50 for an all day pass. I would not advise using the bus as they are always crowded, get stuck in traffic, and take longer that the subway. Yes, the subway is safe even late at night. Clean? That's another story.So, all in all, our stay was memorable, exactly what we expected, and not like any of the negative reviews left previously for the Millennium Broadway. We booked a great deal through Travel Zoo ($199 for the upgraded room) and would definately return again. Either the management of the hotel is reading and responding to the negative comments left here, or they are just trying harder. If you are looking for 5-star, go across Broadway and stay at the W for up to $1,200 a night. If you are looking for clean, comfortable, 3-star value steps from Times Square, stay at the Millennium Broadway. One last point. You may want to pay a little more for the Superior room as it looks like the negative reviews tend to be about the standard rooms on the lower floors. The Superior rooms are larger, have large (for NY) bathrooms, and are on the higher (great views) floors.	
Jun 21 2008 	Great Location	Booked with travelzoo rate on a superior room. If this is superior, I'd be very disappointed with a regular room. The room was on the 39th floor and smaller than expected. We did have a view of the Chrysler building from the window although we were surrounded by other taller buildings.The room was clean, but the housekeeping staff never replaced our drinking glasses and we stayed 3 nights! My husband just went to the bar one night to get clean glasses.Other room complaints include: hard bed, old TV with sound problems, no coffemaker and only 1 hanger. I had to call for a light bulb for the floor lamp and also requested hangers. The light bulb was furnished, but not the hangers.The staff we met were good. Checkin was fast and professional. The concierge made good recommendations for inexpensive breakfast and sandwiches. We ate at Cranberry for a quick bite after arrving late. The Red Flame is an excellent diner on 44th between 5th and 6th Avenues. The redeeming factor for this hotel is the location. It was convenient to the theatres, times square, tours, etc. Loved the location!	
Jun 21 2008 	Great location makes the Millennium Broadway worth considering	If you're the average tourist in NYC, the best thing about the Millennium Broadway is its location right off Times Square. The hotel is rated 4 stars by Priceline, but I would rate it about 3.5. The lobby has an art deco feeling to it, and check-in was swift. No so for check-out, where there was a long wait. I chose to return to my room to check out using the TV remote, which let me bypass the long lines in the lobby.I was given a corner room with a partially obstructed view of Times Square. The bedroom looked mostly up to date. The furniture had a modern design but looked well worn, with lots of scratches and gouges. The TV was ancient, with a separate IR receiver attachment dangling from the front of the TV swivel stand.The bed and the pillows were thankfully firm (but that is usually a matter of taste) and comfortable. Unlike at many hotels where you have to get on your knees to plug in your laptop, my room had a desk-height power plug on the wall.The bathroom was spacious and well stocked with amenities. But the unusually high water pressure turned the faucets into water cannons that drenched everything nearby. It felt like the shower head gave me a water massage whether I wanted one or not!There was no coffeemaker in the room, but the front desk had one brought up on request. There's an ice bucket in the closet, but I never did run across any ice machines. The minibar was one of those move-it-and-get-charged types, which almost cost me $9 when my travelling companion ignored the warning message on the fridge door.A card on the nightstand explained that housekeeping changes the bedsheets only once every three days unless the card is placed on the pillow. The card claimed that the hotel was doing this in the interest of conservation, but the hotel might just be conserving their money. I prefer that hotels change the bedsheets daily unless the guest chooses otherwise.There's not much special about the Millennium Broadway, but its Times Square location, near the subway and the Theater District, makes it worth considering.	
Jun 18 2008 	Decent Hotel Great Location!	The gist: Before booking, keep in mind that this hotel is about a 3-star, NOT a luxurious 4-star. If you come in with that expectation, and you get a price that makes a decent 3-star in a GREAT location worthwhile, I would definitely recommend the hotel.The details:We arrived and check-in took a few minutes, but the front desk staff was available immediately any other time we wanted to speak to them, so it doesn't appear waiting is an issue anymore (see past reviews).This hotel has an absolutely incredible location if you want to be near the Theater District/Times Square. All the shows and lots of great restaurants (try the sidestreets, not the tourist traps in Times Square) are within a 5 minute walk. If you aren't a fan of Times Square, it's fairly easy to avoid from the hotel as well. The subway is about a one minute walk.We stayed in a Superior King room which we got for $189 on Travelzoo. The room was clean, everything worked properly, and the bed was comfortable. The view was great too. However, some areas of the room and hotel appeared worn and dated, and there was no blanket on the bed - just sheets and a bedspread.The room was quiet. You could hear sirens from the street below, but not the regular street noise. We once heard voices from the next room, but nothing major and I am a light sleeper.The staff were fine, not unfriendly but not especially welcoming either. There is a pay-per-use Internet area with computers on the second floor (access it through the conference center elevators). Internet access in your room is $10.95 for 24 hours.We had a nightcap at the bar a couple of times, and contrary to a previous review, we found the drinks quite strong. It must depend on the bartender.All in all, I was very satisfied with the hotel and would stay there again if I got a good deal.	
Jun 17 2008 	Great stay!	I booked this hotel because of a deal on TravelZoo for an upgraded/superior king bed room for $189 a night. We were on the 43rd floor and the room was great - it was very clean and looked like the photos on the hotel's site with huge windows and a marble bathroom counter.One morning we slept in and missed housekeeping. They left a message on our phone later in the day to call and they would make up the room. We called and they arrived five minutes later.The concierge was wonderful with restaurant recommendations and told us about the TKTS booth where we could buy tickets to a show for up to 1/2 off instead of booking through the theatre desk at the hotel for full price.The location was great - our room faced Times Square and there is a Subway stop right around the corner. If you exit the hotel on 45th Cranberries is a great place to get fresh bagels, snacky food and things you may have forgotten. If you exit on 44th Times Deli has the same kind of fare and services. Much less expensive than room service and open late.Do not put your food in the mini bar fridge or you will be charged (even though they will take the charge off immediately with no problem). They will bring a fridge up for you to use for personal items with a quick phone call.We checked in at 11, left our bags with the porter and our room was ready after lunch at noon. Check out was a breeze too.Internet access is $10.95 a day and isn't wireless, but we were there to sightsee, not work, so we went without. Also, there are no coffee makers in the rooms. Small drawbacks for an incredible stay.It was our first trip to Manhattan and we would definitely stay in Millenium Broadway again.	
Jun 16 2008 	We loved it	We returned yesterday from the Millenium after staying Saturday night. . Arrived at 12:30 pm, and there was no one in line to check in. I liked that the lobby was street level. Didnt have to go up to higher floors to check in, like alot of the other hotels. Went right up to check-in desk, and was offered choice of 2 rooms that were ready. We had gotten the $189 special from TravelZoo. Room on 49th floor,spectacular view, spotless room and bathroom. Comfortable bed, clean linens. Requested extra shampoo and towels at 7:45 am Sunday, and they were at room in 5 minutes. Every single person we came into contact with was so friendly. We found that everywhere we went. The location was fantastic. Right in the center of it all. Never heard a sound in the room from outside, or from any other rooms, or the halls. Then the part that impressed me the most- they slip the bill under the door early morning, and it was actually right! Didnt have to go down to desk to have mysterious charges removed that happens so often. I feel the Millenium Broadway was a steal for what we paid,and are planning on staying there again in September.	
Jun 15 2008 	Worst Hotel I've ever had the displeasure of experiencing	We were sorely disappointed in our recent stay at this location. The room was more like a second rate roadside motel than a luxurious NY hotel. We booked a Superior King Sized room and were given a standard room on the 18th floor and the front desk said there was nothing they could do about it. I really did not think I should be paying for and still think I should be refunded the cost of this stay but we needed a place to stay and had an event to be at about an hour after checking in. The room (1804) stunk of mold, the carpet was soaking wet by the window, there was something gross on the wall, mildew growing all over the bathroom ceiling, and the temperature could not be controlled. When I issued these complaints and asked for a new room, I was told again there was nothing they could do about it, but they'd look into the problems. Nobody ever came and we were stuck in the roach motel for our weekend getaway to NY. I am not joking when I was worried about bed bugs here. I still feel ill about it all. We were attending an event on the Upper West Side and needed a taxi and nobody at the hotel entrance was interested in helping us. My husband had to go out and try and find on his own for us. I thought that was pretty pathetic.  Thanks Millenium Broadway for ruining what should have been an enjoyable weekend with a disgusting place to rest our weary selves. I don't care how cheap it is, avoid this place.	
Jun 10 2008 	Avoid!	I booked this hotel through Priceline, and the only good thing about it was the price!I arrived at the hotel to be greeted by a disinterested receptionist. She gave me my keycard and did not even direct me to the lift.Although I had specified a no smoking room, I have no doubt that someone had smoked in my room quite recently. The room was small, dark and dated. The bed was the most uncomfortable that I have ever slept on.The only positive about the room was that I was able to connect to the internet connection for the nearby Casablanca hotel, so saving me some money!I wish I could find something good to say about this hotel, but I would rather stay in a hostel than stay here again. On my last visit to NY I stayed at the W New York, which is a hotel deserving of it's four stars. I would rate the Millenium two stars at most.	
Jun 9 2008	great views think twice unless you get a great price	I stayed at the Millennium Broadway June 6th. I got a superior room for $189 (before taxes). We were assigned room 5111, which is one floor from the top of the hotel. The view from this particular room was amazing. From the large picture window you could see the Chrysler Building, the Hudson river and parts of Times Square. There was not anything particularly bad or good about the hotel. The room was decent size. We had 2 twin beds and a comfortable leather chair by the window. The bathroom was relatively clean although the shower curtain was nasty and the shower faucet was broken. The linens were not nice at all and if you want to be a 4 star hotel, you better have some luxurious linens, towels and pillows. The room was average size-maybe bigger than typical NYC standard. Décor seemed a little outdated and I thought it was recently upgraded. It almost seemed like they decided to improve some things and then left other parts of the room old (a/c unit was ancient, old closet/fixtures). Carpet was yucky. Room was very quiet. The drinks at the bar were not good at all-very weak. I would relax somewhere else for cocktails. I guess I can recommend the Millennium if you get a good price. I would definitely not stay here for over $200/night and would rate it a 2.5-3 star hotel. Absolutely not a 4…I also left something in a dresser drawer and when I called the hotel to see if I could come pick it up, they were of no help whatsoever. Basically their response was, you’re screwed. If the maid wants to keep, that’s what you get for forgetting your stuff. They had no intention of even finding out who the maid was and asking her to return the stuff. As you can imagine, that was not the response I was looking for…I would probably stay here again if I got a price less than $200 but not a cent more.	
Jun 9 2008 	Excellent Hotel in New York	My husband, daughter and myself stayed at the Millenium Hotel Broadway from May 28, 2008 to June 1, 2008. We really chose a hotel that was close to Times Square/Broadway since we wanted to watch as many plays as we could.This hotel is perfect since it is located on the 44th and 45th streets near Broadway. Our check in was very fast, contrary to other reviews.We got a superior room on the 48th floor, and it was already renovated. It was reasonably big for New York, although nothing fancy. There was a leak in the sink, but which was immediately fixed upon our request. We also requested for a refrigerator which was provided without any problem.Since this was our first time in New York, we loved the location. We walked to the TKTS booth everyday and we were able to buy tickets at 50% off. On the first day we arrived, we were even able to watch 2 shows, 1 matinee and 1 at night. We were able to watch a total of 5 shows (Mary Poppins, Legally Blond, Spamalot, Mama Mia and Phantom of the Opera).Also, we were able to go around because this hotel is close to everything, shopping, food, stops of tour buses, subway.Check out was also not a problem. We did it through the tv facility provided in the hotel room. Overall, we were very happy with our stay. When we go back to New York, we will surely stay there again. We will not hesitate to recommend it to our friends.	
Jun 7 2008 	Perfect First Time NYC Hotel	My wife and I put our faith in our travel agent when we told her we wanted to be in Times Square and we wanted a nice hotel room with a nice view of the city. She is an excellent travel agent because this hotel is literally like a hundred feet from the center of Times Square. Upon arriving I asked the front desk to place us in their best room with a view that was available. They put us in a corner room on the 42nd floor. The hotel room was much bigger than I expected a NY room to be, and it was a really beautifully decorated and designed room. The curtains were shut when we entered the room and I went to open them and we were looking straight down into Times Square. At that moment the cost of the room was worth it to me. Everything in the room worked perfectly. In case you are worried we couldnt hear any of the traffic or horns from our room. We could hear sirens from fire trucks or police, but those were not frequent. We also really liked that the room had a nice size safe. It would not fit my 15inch notebook but I was able to fill it with all the other stuff I wanted to secure. The reason you pick this hotel is location. That is the reason the price is what it is. You exit the lobby through either side and you are less than a 30 second walk to Times Square. I think the subway was about a 60 second walk from the lobby. It is ridiculously close. We took the subway everywhere, we felt safe, and it was easy and fast. For breakfast be sure to go across the street out of the north exit of the lobby and turn right about 150 feet or so away is a NY style deli, convenience store, diner...you know all things in one place kind of deal, that has a great selection of breakfast drinks, but you gotta get fresh bagels here. We did this the first morning and repeated everyday after. The name of the place is Cranberries 2 (I think). Remember to use the concierge for everything. You are paying for it and they are really good at this hotel. I asked lots of questions and they made our trip much better than if I had never asked. Ultimately, this is a great place, especially for first time NYC visitors to go to, it is everything you could hope for to make you fall in love with NY like the t-shirts say. We went at Christmas and it was perfect. From our room you could see the lighting changes on the Empire State Building depending on the holiday. Awesome place...totally recommend it.	
Jun 4 2008 	Excellent hotel staff could be better	Stayed here as a treat for the last night of my trip. Arrived early so checked in and left my bag. Stood at the &quot;bell stand&quot; for 5 minutes whilst 4 staff stood chatting and ignored me. Eventually someone asked if I needed something, as if I shouldn't be loitering in his hotel.Was given a room on the 51st floor which was an unexpected bonus. Great view looking north, you could see the Rockerfella Centre. The room was spacious and very nicely furnished. The bathroom was also spacious and marble-clad.Didn't have breakfast, nor did I use the fitness centre, so can't comment there.Location is perfect for tourists - just off Times Square on 44th street - a short walk to the theatres and shopping on 5th Avenue.Check out was a mess. They had a major group arriving (the hotel has a conference centre) at prime check-out time (11:30) - yet there were only 2 staff at reception. Each check-in / out seemed to take a great deal of staring at computer screens and it took 30 mins to get to the front of the queue. When I did get to the front they tried to charge for the room despite it being pre-paid! When I pointed this out, there was more staring blankly at computer screens before he agreed that I had already paid. &quot;It's lucky I checked&quot; was all he said.All in all a very nice comfortable hotel in a great location, in need of some staff training.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great stay at the Millennium Broadway	Just came back from a 4 night stay at the Millennium Broadway and can't say enough about the hotel. After reading some of the previous reviews, I was nervous as we headed into NYC. We were on a trip with our 6 month old daughter and another couple and their 1.5 year old. As a result, we requested two connecting rooms, each with a crib. The hotel wasn't very reassuring at the reservation time that all of our requests could be accommodated, but when we arrived everything was in order. The rooms are reasonably sized for NYC (we were in a Superior room) and well appointed with modern amenities. We requested a fridge for one of our rooms which was provided without issue. I found the staff at the hotel to be very polite and helpful (especially the Concierge and the Doormen). And of course, you really can't beat the location - it's close enough to the theater district to walk to the show, yet if you want to ignore the whole Times Square thing on your stay, that's possible too.Great stay, great hotel!	
Jun 1 2008 	Great Hotel for Theater District	My husband and I stayed one night after seeing Phantom of the Opera. It's location to the Majestic Theater is great - about 1 1/2 blocks. There are a lot of dining options in the same area. We had a corner high floor room so the view was great. The rooms were pretty outdated - but clean. The hotel is huge so don't expect great personal service but the concierge was helpful with dinner options. We took a cab into town so I can't inform with parking.I'd stay at the Millenium again if I needed a good location to Broadway!!	
May 31 2008 	Above Average At A Fair Price	I like to get a fair deal for a hotel and adjust my expectations accordingly. I go to NYC often and see who has a decent rate. This past trip it was the Millennium Broadway. From the sound of some of the other reviews I had an updated room with flat screen TV, modern furnishings, etc. so ask them for an upgraded room. The beds and rooms were decent with a nice view of surrounding buildings and the river. The bath had a coffee/tea maker in it with all supplies. I would say this hotel is a 3.5 star hotel. If you get the upgraded room it is quite nice but nothing over the top. Staff was very polite and helpful. When I was checking out there seemed to be a few large tour groups checking in who were waiting for rooms and this might be a problem. I did not see anyone to leave my suitcase with as I checked out on the TV so I took it with me to lunch and then came back after to catch the car I ordered to the airport. This might be a problem for some but I just rolled with it as I only had one medium sized bag. The elevators were nice but usually looked like the carpets could use a vacuuming. There is a Starbucks right downstairs on 45th street and plenty of very reasonably priced delis in the area. There is also a pub called Connolly’s on 45th across from the hotel that has good and very reasonably priced food.The area is good is you want to be in the thick of it…………..crowded, theater district. You can walk to all the shows as I did and are right near 42nd street which has a subway stop that is very central and connects to the east side or allows you to go to the upper west side and downtown…..very convenient.In sum this is a more than adequate hotel in a good location for theater and getting around the city via the subway but nothing extraordinary. I would stay here again if it stood out as a fair price for a 3-4 star hotel.	
May 28 2008	Great hotel in Times Square	Decided to go to NYC over Memorial Day Weekend. We wanted to see2 plays and a Yankees game. Looked for hotel deals in Times Square and found a real winner! Got a rate of $189 from Travelzoo.com for Sunday and $329 for Saturday. 2 days before leaving Houston, Travelzoo emailed me that the Saturday rate was now $229. Called hotel to confirm, but they were sold out. Took a chance and asked at registration. They met the rate! To our surprise through the Travelzoo promotion, we were also upgraded to the Premiere side which included a continental breakfast and hot hors d'oeuvres. We saved on meals and shared an entree after the theater. Bathroom was huge; flat screen TV; dressing area; friendly and helpful registration staff. Only downsides: prefer a king bed and view was of parking lot.	
May 23 2008 	Great Location for Broadway Shows	Loved the location of this Hotel - we went to four (4) shows over the weekend and walked to all of them (in heels) in less than 10 minutes.Staff is nice - check-in was easy and quickVirgil's barbeque across the street is great - and they deliver so does the deli if you do not want to spend the money for room service.We visit New York every year to catch shows will definitely try to stay here again.The only problem we had was one of our room keys never worked but it did not interfere with out trip.	
May 13 2008 	Priceline bargain	Great central location. Room was huge for NYC standards. The room I was given was dated. Furniture, TV, curtains etc were all dated. But good bargain for $255 a night on priceline compared to the usual cost of NYC hotels. Hotel has no character but perfectly acceptable accommodation. Staff were pleasant.	
May 13 2008	Good Experience	Located just steps from the Good Morning America studios in Times Square you cannot beat the location. Two blocks from the Times Square/42nd Street subway which gets you Uptown or Downtown. The room was of average size and actually slightly larger than I expected a NYC hotel room to be. The room was clean and comfortable and they were very accommodating to move us to another room after being checked into a smoking room. The TV was pretty old and small but I didn't come to NYC to sit in my hotel room. It would have been nice to have a better bed like some of the other chains, but after 7 hours of walking and sight-seeing I slept like a baby.	
May 13 2008	What a 4-star hotel should not be!	My stay at another much hyped boutique hotel in NYC last year was so bad that I thought I would have a better experience when I checked myself into a 4-star chained hotel this time. Unfortunately, this was not the case at all when I visited NYC for the second time.Millennium Broadway hotel is in need of a major and serious makeover! The interior deco is so 1980's! The look and feel of the hotel is so different from the rest of its chain in Asia. The whole lobby looked so gloomy with the dark wood panelling and black marble. When we checked into the room, we were shocked that no quilt was provided in the room. There was nothing to separate the top sheet and the bedspread! How can a 4-star hotel miss this basic item??? Was it deliberate?? Although the room was neat when we checked in, it was the little details that give us the impression that the staff just couldn't be bothered with the guest's first impression and experience. The lamp shades were out-of-place and the quilt is missing. And both of these two items were not rectified during our 5-day stay in the hotel.To add on to our already bad experience, the electronic door system broke down on our second night. We couldn't open our door because the battery ran flat. Intially, we thought that it was access card key that gave us the problem. It was only after we had gone to the reception for the third time when we found out that the problem did not lie with the card but the flat battery. We had to get the security personnel to pry open the door while we waited outside the room. And we found out from the staff that this happens quite regularly in this hotel. Do you call this a 4-star hotel?The only consolation is that we manage to get an early check-in at 11am but only after a 2-hour wait. We were so tired after a 17-hour flight.The one thing that I found out about the NYC hotels with great location is that they couldn't be bothered to improve on their service or facilities. This happens twice to me. Both hotels are located along Times Square. This is so disappointing!	
May 7 2008	Not a 4 star hotel maybe 3 star	If this hotel is 4 stars, something's wrong. Other than a great location, this hotel is not worthy of that kind of rating. Our mattress pad was threadbare, the T.V. and clock old (no CD player or iPod dock), the furniture plain, and the ammenities nothing more than a few bottles of toiletries, which were not replaced even though we used one up. The staff was pleasant, but no more so than any other hotel's staff. This hotel has none of the luxuries one normally associates with a 4 star hotel.	
May 6 2008 	Great Stay	We booked through a travel website and received a special rate, which was a steal. We did not have problems checking-in (seems like the new computer system is worked out) and we were allowed to check in two hours early. We were in a corner room on the 42nd floor. Great views of Times Square! I was a little concerned that we would be disturbed by noise because the room was across from the service elevator, but it was not a problem. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was plenty big. I was most impressed with how clean everything was. The location was great and we would definitely stay here again.	
May 6 2008 	Great Location Friendly Staff!!	I was a little worried because I had seen mixed reviews on this hotel, and I had booked through priceline. I booked two rooms at $250 per night when similiar hotels in the area were $387-$489 per night. We arrived early (around 12pm) and I had requested one room with two twins, and one room with a king non-smoking. Both rooms were as requested and the lovely guy at check in (Mark) was able to get us in our rooms early so we could get changed and set out for the day. We were on the 22nd floor and our king room was on the corner with a great view of the Chrysler building. Both of the rooms were nice, clean, and the beds were very comfortable, with extra pillow and blanket in the closet. My only complaint would be that we had a very old TV that barely worked, but then we weren't in NY to watch TV!	
May 1 2008	Highly Recommended	Two night stay, 4/28 through 4/30/08, using Travelzoo special - got superior king room on the 49th floor for $249 (plus tax). Very comfortable. The room pictures posted on this site don't do it justice. Nice comfy king bed &amp; I had a great view of the Chrysler building (was on the 49th floor). I requested a newer (renovated room) with view on check-in and had called the day before to confirm reservation &amp; ask for a non-smoking room.  Very convenient location - Times Square deli across the street was great as was Virgils BBQ. NIce hot, high pressure shower. Put out the Do Not Distrub sign the night before &amp; no-one bothered me in AM. Easy check-in (at about 8 PM on Monday night) and easy bag check when I checked out before I left the City. Lots of nice amenities in room - including safe, hair dryer, iron&amp;board, shampoo &amp; the usual lotions and even a small nail file. Room was fairly large - king bed, comfy reading chair, desk/chair, flat panel TV on dressor &amp; mirrored closet doors. I also used the business center to check into my flight - they ran out of paper and the center was no longer staffed, but we were able to &quot;reach&quot; some paper - cost me about $3 for Internet service. Only negatives - carpet was a little worn near the door &amp; on the last day even though they gave me later check-out (1 PM), the key stopped working at noon and I had to call security.I checked all hotel sites for better rate &amp; best I found prior to this was $289 to $299 per night. Spoke to someone at check-out who was there for a longer stay and said they got a room on Priceline for 150 per night (doubt this was a &quot;superior&quot; room as I had).	
Apr 27 2008 	Great Location for a great NYC visit!	We booked this hotel after getting a good deal on a travel site and booked direct with hotel. The location in excellent, just round the corner from Times Square/Broadway and walking distance to loads of attractions/restaurants. You are in the middle of everything that's going on!! (which is great!)Our room was on the 46th floor with a good view of surrounding buildings and Times Square. The room was quite large for NY, this may be because it was a Superior Room. Decor was ok in the room, but corridors were a bit tired looking and not very welcoming, could do with a bit of updating there.Concierge was fine, so were the bellmen.We had an excellent stay in Manhattan. Would the recommend the hotel for location, and if you get a good price even better reason to stay in this hotel.	
Apr 25 2008 	Great service and hotel made 18th birthday trip success	Everything was great. Location perfect. Check-in slightly disorganized, they need a velvet rope line but it still only took 10 minutes.Request for room with 2 beds was no problem.View, who cares, I didn't go to the hotel to stare out the window.All staff were courteous and helpful. They made my daughter's 18th birthday trip a raving success.	
Apr 24 2008 	Great stay in the heart of NYC!	My family and I spent 4 nights (4/19-23) here during my daughter's school break. We got a great rate on Priceline ($189) and were very happy with hotel. We'd definitely stay here again. Half a block from Times Square, you can't beat the location!The hotel is very nice and the room was very comfortable. A good size by NYC standards, to be sure! The only *small* complaint might be that there was very little drawer space for clothing (2 small drawers in bureau), though there were plenty of hangers in the closet. There is a mini-bar that were were warned operates on motion detectors and that if we even moved an item and put it back, we would be charged for it. We were able to request a fridge be delivered to our room (free of charge) to store our own drinks. The fridge was sent up quickly, only problem was that it never got cold. A replacement was delivered with in 10 mins of calling housekeeping about the broken one.The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept in. That's high praise coming from me as I have a bad back and almost every bed other than my own hurts my back!The staff was very accomodating and quick to answer our requests (rollaway bed was delivered 10 mins after check in, extra pillows &amp; blankets were brought up shortly after being requested, etc).Starbucks one door away on 45th st entrance was very convenient for morning coffee and pastry. The Perfect Pint Pub &amp; Restaurant was very nice and food was good,located just across the street on 45th St. Ruby Foos a few blocks away in Times Sq (on Broadway) was another good choice. As was Dallas BBQ on 42nd Street. So many good restaurants, so little time!	
Apr 23 2008 	Not what I expected	My husband and I traveled to New York to celebrate our anniversary in October, and had booked reservations at the Millennium Broadway. Fall seems to be an extremely busy time for New York as rates were abnormally high. Our first impression at check-in was great. The lobby was very nice and the front desk agents were very friendly and the check-in actually was pretty fast. Our impressions of the hotel changed very quickly after we arrived to our room. When we booked this hotel, I was under the impression that it had recently completed a renovation, well it must have missed this particular room. It was absolutely disgusting! Immediately when we walked in there was a damp musty odor, the desk drawers were very worn and cracked and not sitting evenly. The &quot;leather&quot; chair upholstery was also split and cracked in areas. By the desk area was a spot where the mini-fridge use to be, you could tell by the thick layer of dust that it had been over looked by the housekeeping department for some time. My husband had the unfortunate experience of taking off his shoes and finding out where the musty odor came from. The carpet over by the mini-fridge was competely soaked and when you opened the cabinet door it was starting to get warped from water damage. We immediately called the front desk and we were placed in a different room. The second room was much better, but after such a gross first room experience we were kind of nervous about the whole place. This room however was one that had to have been recently updated as all the decor and bedding was newer, but like most New York hotels, the rooms were a tad small. Our view was also alot better as it overlooked Time Square. Given the location, the room overall was very well soundproofed and pretty quiet. We never ate at the hotel so I can't give any opinion on the restaurant or room service. Had we not had the unfortuntate problems with the first room, I probably would have given the hotel better marks. Even after we returned home, I sent a letter to both the General and Sales Managers of the hotel explaining of our experience and I did not get a reply back at all, not even the generic, thank you blah blah hope you have a better trip next time. That made me extremely disappointed with the hotel and is partially why I will not be recommending this property.	
Apr 23 2008 	Great Hotel and location....	I stayed for one night at the Millenium and enjoyed it. The workers and staff were all very friendly and efficient. We were only supposed to be able to stay at the 27th floor maximun because we used priceline, but we asked if their was any higher and they willing moved us to the 34th. Two double beds were only a full size but two people could each fit pretty comfortably on one. The view from the room was great, we could see a small part of Times Square. The windows opened at the bottom, which was nice to look out. Right across the street is a great deli/chienese/store. Bathroom was clean. However the TV didnt have the best picture or sound, and was a regular CRT. Overall it was a great hotel and stay.	
Apr 22 2008 	Great location nice staff	My young daughter and I just returned from a three night stay at the Millennium. It was close to everything - 50 steps from Times Square Toys R Us, which made her very happy. Times Square subway station is two blocks away, and it links you to most trains. The bell staff was wonderful, and had no problems checking in. They even let us check in early (1pm) We had an amazing room overlooking Times Square. Only complaint was the TV was on the fritz, but we didn't watch a lot of TV. The view was better. The deli across the street was great too.	
Apr 13 2008	Great Hotel; Great Price	My daughter and I spent 3 nights in the city for her 16th B-day. She wanted a view of Times Square and I wanted comfort and safety..........well, this hotel made us both happy!!!I spent MANY hours searching for the &quot;right&quot; hotel for a good price.I got a great internet deal on this hotel; the room had been recently re-done; the bed and pillows were VERY comfortable; you could not ask for a better staff; very helpful; friendly; efficient with all our needs.........all the way from the request of the view from the room to needing more pillows; which were delivered in 10 minutes...........(they said 15-20).The only catch was, to get the fabulous Times Square view, we had to sleep in a King sized bed; but that was no big deal.The location is absolutely great; convenient to everything in Times Square; theatre; not far from Central Park,and shopping,etc.The work out room was small, but more than adequate, with some good updated machines and cardio-equipment.Would stay there again in a heartbeat; especially over some of the other higher priced, better known hotels in the area.TIP: A great local deli/fast food/buffet place is right outside the back entrance of the hotel, called &quot;Cranberries&quot;.........it's a local favorite. Will save you money and time for quick meals.	
Apr 13 2008 	Modern cealn and great location!	Great hotel in the middle of it all. The staff was very polite and professional. The amenities were good: hair dryer, iron, etc... The room was extremely clean and very modern with it's decor. The bed was comfy and the view (facing south from the 30th floor) was incredible. I paid $200/night on Priceline. Definitely worth the price.	
Apr 9 2008 	Comfortable Hotel in Heart of Times Square/Theater District	The Millennium is conveniently located in the heart of the Times Square/Theater District area. It's half a block away from Broadway, and 1-4 blocks away from most theaters. The closest subway stop is 2-3 blocks away.We had a standard room that was spacious, comfortable and clean. Our king size bed was comfortable with a mattress leaning towards the firm side. The clean bathroom was of average size with a lot of countertop space which made it easy and convenient when I got ready in the morning. The only downside to this room was that in spite of being located on a non-smoking floor, I could smell smoke in my room two mornings in a row, which made my allergies act up. Also, the wireless internet access was poor, although I'm not sure if we were connecting to the right one. The negatives were minor so overall, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 8 2008 	Almost perfect	My teenage daughter and I stayed here for 4 nights from 2nd April. We had no problems either in checking in or during our stay. (OK, the bathplug (stopper) failed, but the chambermaid fixed that for us.) All the staff we dealt with were polite and helpful, and they met my request for a high, corner room. Room 4411 had a great view of the Chrysler Building and a glimpse of Times Sq lights. It was also very quiet. (It does seem odd, however, that they don't put blankets on the beds and there is only one per room).It is very convenient for the theatre and we were able to get cheap tickets for two shows, using an international students' union card.Although, many things are within walking distance - Central Park, 5th Avenue - it can get very tiring pounding the pavements, so take the Subway when you can. We went up the 'Rock', which cost $20 each, not free as has been said, but worth it, and no queues at 11.00am. Good local eateries include Ellen's Stardust Diner (singing waiters/waitresses) on 1650 Broadway; Applebees (enormous portions), and, on W 45th St., Trattoria Trecolori. The Times Deli, opposite the hotel's front entrance, is good for snacks, both hot and cold.A taxi from Newark cost nearly $80, inc tolls and tip. A tube to JFK, which is further, was considerably cheaper, with the Airtrain @ $5. All in all, a very pleasant trip, helped by a comfortable base at the Millennium Hotel.	
Apr 7 2008 	Disappointed in the Millennium Hotel	I had booked a reservation for my boyfriend's brother and wife to stay at the Millennium Hotel for their honeymoon. In an effort to make their stay as memorable as possible (this is their first time in NYC), we paid for a Times Square view and went to the hotel in person to confirm that they would be able to accommodate this (the price for a TS view is more expensive than a nonTS view). We did all this THREE MONTHS in advance. During the three nights that they were there, not one night went by smoothly. First, the Times Square room view that we were assured was not given. Instead, they had the views of business buildings. The second night that they were there, they came back to their hotel room at 11pm to find a note in their room saying that there would be no heat nor hot water from 10pm till 5am the next day. They had spent the whole day walking around and were tired and grungy and then to come back to this. We were worried about what would happen the third night but aside from the housecleaning staff taking out their leftovers from the minibar so that it would spoil, it was relatively uneventful. At the end of their visit, no apology, no compensation to make up for any of the discomfort they went through. I am very disappointed in this hotel.	
Apr 6 2008 	Very satisfied with millenium broadway	We stayed here 2 nights in april 2008. We were upgraded on check-in, as our reservation through priceline had booked us for 2 twin beds. The front desk staff were very polite. We did not get the impression we were being treated any different than the full fare customers. No complaints. Great location to theatres and subway.	
Apr 3 2008 	Poor Internet Experience	Internet in my room would not work. Wireless in the lobby was the available alternative but extremely slow. Moved to a different room for the 2nd night and Internet worked until the next morning, when it no longer worked. Hey, I'm an IT guy so it was not my computer. If you are highly dependent on reliable Internet access, beware.	
Apr 2 2008 	Fantastic Location	My husband and I stayed at the Millennium Broadway for 4 nights as part of our honeymoon. Check in wasn't a problem and we were delighted to have been upgraded to a superior room. Our room was on the 42nd floor with a breathtaking view of the Chrysler Building. The room was clean, if a little battered in places by suitcases! My only complaint would be the terrible water pressure in the shower!The location of the hotel is fantastic - a few steps to Times Square and the Subway station. Within easy walking distance of Bryant Park, the Chrysler Building, Grand Central Station, many of the fantastic shops and the Empire State Building.We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant once - it was okay, but nothing to write home about - very expensive for not a lot.....we ate every other morning at the Brooklyn Diner round the corner from the hotel - it was very reasonable and really set you up for the day.We left the hotel on the day of the New York Marathon (an unexpected bonus as we didn't realise we were there when it was on!) and the concierge arranged a private car transfer for us to avoid the traffic gridlock it caused!I would recommend the Millennium Broadway to anyone wanting a fairly decent and centrally located hotel.	
Apr 1 2008	Perfect NYC Experience	We stayed at the Millenium Broadway for 4 nights in March 08. We were on the 32nd floor, overlooking Times Square. The room was huge by NYC standards and beautifully appointed. It was also properly sound-proofed so there was no street noise.We found the staff to be very courtious and professional and also very friendly.Best of all is the location..within walking distance of most tourist attractions and you only need to step outside the door to experience a slice of real NYC life!	
Mar 30 2008	a check- in disaster	we traveled with a high school group. Due to a new computer system, the rooms we had reserved and paid for in advance were not available. The hotel had booked 4 teenagers in a room with 2 twin beds, the adult rooms were also not what had been requested.. It took from 3PM until 11:30 PM that evening to have some resolution to the problem. we ended up in rooms with roll aways with no room to move about. The staff seemed as frustrated as we were although they made no attempt to make things right. We had a group of 50 very tired people, waiting for rooms , constantly dealing with different &quot;managers&quot; in charge whose main goal seemed to be to try and keep us from standing in their lobby while waiting for rooms. Since we were chaperones for a high school group, we asked that the mini bars be locked--the staff did not seem to know how to accomplish this. It seems to be a lovely hotel with a disasterous computer system and untrained and seemingly uncaring staff.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great Location 	We had a king size bed, on 47th floor over looking Times Square. Everything was perfect. I think they must have some rooms that have been renovated and others in bad shape. Be sure and ask at CHECK-IN for a renovated room. We didn't eat there, BUT go to Times Deli across from the main entrance. And NOTE they do have two entrances which is helpful when you are tired or in a hurry.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great location relaxing hotel	We booked a Superior room with a room rate that upgraded us to a Premier Room. The Premier area has its own reception and is located in its own bit of the building. The staff were lovely and very helpful. The room was a good size, although we had a queen room when we really wanted a king room. We were on the 8th floor. There was construction going on across the road but there seems to be construction going on everywhere and we didn’t notice the noise from this or the street below.The room was a bright, spacious fresh looking room. I really wanted to stay somewhere that would be a bit of a sanctuary after the hustle and bustle of NY, somewhere to go back to at the end of the day and feel relaxed. This place hit the spot! The bathroom was nice and big with a bath and separate shower which was great. The room had a nice big plasma TV, mini bar (very expensive!), safe, sofa, room service as well as the usual stuff.The location of the hotel is fantastic. Come out of the front of the hotel turn right take 100 steps (if that) and you are on Times Square right in the middle of it all and a great place to be positioned.A couple of other things about visiting NY that may help someone. If you plan to go to the Empire States Building I would suggest you get an express ticket in advance from their website. You get the queue jump ( the queue can sometimes be a couple of hours long!) try and get up there just before it gets dark as you can see it in daylight and at night. Also get the audio tour (but share it) as it makes it more interesting.If you want to do shopping go to Woodbury Common Premium outlet mall. It’s an hour outside NY but just go to the bus station and they have a dedicated bus that goes there every hour or so, it’s really easy and the shops are AMAZING! We spent 9 hours there....Oh and they have lockers so you dont have to spend the whole time carrying bags round with you.	
Mar 27 2008 	Great for me	Stayed here for two nights - got a good discount (Not a great rate for New York, but a good discount off what I could have paid..)Like everyone else, I had to wait a bit to check in at 7 PM on a weeknight. There were two people on duty, but as one person had a problem to hash out, a second person was knocking out people as quickly as she could. Those without problems were given keys within 90 seconds of saying hello, so that was good.Although the clerk made sure to say that since I booked on PRICELINE it was prepaid, she did ask if a two bedded room was acceptable. I told her I only needed one bed and she gave me a corner room on the 48th floor with a view of Broadway and Times Square - couldn't have asked for more. The room was basically clean, with an art deco decor and plenty of reading lights. The bathroom was nice, with great amenities, a coffee maker with plenty of coffee and tea, although no iron. I think all rooms in New York get so much traffic that unless it's brand new, it's hard to keep a room and linen and towels looking its best.There were plenty of decorative pillows on the bed but only two actual sleeping pillows on a king bed, a bit cheap I think. There was also no blanket on the bed or in the closet, just a decorative bed spread.Shower head was more like a spray than a shower, like a spray bottle but there was always hot water. There seemed to be enough elevators, a major problem in big NYC hotels. I didn't hear any hallway noise, but I was in the furthest corner from the elevators, although there are not that many rooms per floor.Overall, I totally got great value for what I paid and considering the location, if you get a decent rate go for this property.	
Mar 26 2008 	Great location but that's all!	I had stayed at this hotel twice before, and while there had been a few minor glitches in the past, I decided the hotel deserved another chance, especially because of the great location. I was very wrong! I made the reservation for this latest stay 2 months in advance and confirmed all the details with the hotel 1 week prior to arriving. Upon arrival, though, all the previously confirmed details were no where to be found on my reservation. I reserved 2 beds and was given 1. I reserved a smoking room and was given a non-smoking one. The front desk manager said that &quot;a reservation is considered a request and is never guaranteed.&quot; She said she would do her best to move us the next day into a smoking room with 2 beds. The next day we were moved.....to another non-smoking room but with 2 beds. After complaining again to the manager, we were moved, finally, to a smoking room with 2 beds.This 3rd room, though, had a malfunctioning sink which made it unusable. This was not fix for 2 days, despite repeated phone calls and in person requests with the front desk.Throughout all of the problems we had over the 4 days we stayed there we were met with only empty apologies from the manager. No one ever really tried to rectify any of the problems. No one went out of their way to actually provide any customer service. They just smiled and did nothing.The Millennium Broadway used up their &quot;chances.&quot; I will never stay there again (and I'm in New York City 6-8 weeks every year). I used to recommend this hotel to many people who also travel in NYC alot but I will no longer recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 25 2008 	One night stand	I arrived at the hotel at 2:00 p.m, after waiting in live for 1 hour I reached the desk; they told me my room would not be ready until 4. So we left our luggage with the bell man's desk and walked the one block to time square. When we returned at 4:30, we then had to wait in another line for about 45 minutes just to get our keys. When we went to are room it had not been cleaned. I called the front desk and they said we could wait to have it cleaned (I asked how long she said someone will be there by 8:00) or get a new room. I said I'll take a new room. I went back down stairs only to have to wait in line, by this time I was extremely angry and was lucky enough to find someone walking out of the office to help me, but the other 60 or more people in line were not so happy. They gave me another room with I think the worst view in the entire hotel, but at least it was clean. I picked up my luggage from the bell stand, only to find they had broken the handle to pull the luggage. They ran out of room in the back so they were using a wire chain to secure all the bags, I'm guessing someone pulled to hard and broke the bag. Trying to get someone to talk to was imposable. I'm still dealing with the problem 4 days later. I would think twice about booking this hotel, there are better ones for the same price.	
Mar 24 2008	Can't beat location	I had a one and half hour line to check in, but that was because of a new computer system. It made me question a management that would decide to change systems the day before Easter weekend, However, once checked in, we did get the room we requested, it was very clean, looked exactly like the room on the website, and had a great view. I called housekeeping and requested a coffee pot and it was there shortly with plenty of coffee packets. Most important, we walked no more than one to two blocks to see the Broadway shows we came to see.  Tips: There may be a New York info. book of some kind in your room - look in the back for coupons for restaurants, etc. We also liked the Times Deli right across the street from the hotel's 44th Street entrance and the Starbucks right next door to the hotel's 45th Street entrance. I had a teenager with me so we ate at Planet Hollywood right across from the 45th street entrance. If you do that, be sure to print off a coupon online or use a coupon from the city pass since the food is very overpriced there (and not that great).  I found a $199 rate for this hotel on Travelzoo which included an upgrade to a superior room.	
Mar 23 2008 	Rude inattentive service	First let me say that the hotel itself is nice and I rarely give negative reviews of anything, but this place is ridiculous. The staff was very rude and unaccommodating. We arrived early in the morning and expected to not be able to check in until the afternoon. However, check-in at this Hotel is 4:00 which seems fairly late. By 4:00 there were over a hundred people waiting in the lobby to check-in. We were finally waited on at 4:48. The staff was unapologetic for the wait and gave us the wrong type of room. After such a hassle we waited till the next day to get the right room. By the way, the check-in line finally was over around 7:00. The next day after speaking to three different people we were given the right type of room. No apologies were given for the mistake. This may be a 4 star hotel in terms of amenities, but the service is probably the worst I have ever had anywhere in the world. Luckily we got the room for $199 a night, but the regular rate for our room was $450/night. There were several people complaining about the exorbitant price of the hotel for the amount of service. It was a running joke among the guest about how lousy the service was.	
Mar 23 2008 	Great location	The hotel has recently changed their computer system and check in was really slow -it took about 1.5 hours. However, I suspect this is a temporary problem. This was the second time we stayed here and it wasn't a problem in the past. The hotel has an amazing location.. You can walk to the theater, Times square and in about 1/2 hour to Macy's-or go the other way to Central park. Toys R US, Anne Taylor Loft, the Gap, Starbucks, 2 movie theaters, Ripleys museum and the wax museum are all about 5 min walk. There are plenty of deli's around to pick up snacks and quick meals. The staff (especially the doormen) were all pleasant, the room was clean and everything worked. It was a tad noisy until I realized the window was open -didn't know that was possible that high up. This is a congested area, lots of hustle bustle at all times of the day and night.	
Mar 22 2008 	Millenium Broadway - Try it for yourself!	Arrived 3 hours early for check in but were allocated a room straight away which was a 'slight upgrade'. Room very comfortable. In need or a little redecoration but nothing that spoiled it. Room on the 42nd floor with a great view over the city - Chrysler building to the left. Hotel staff very friendly; nothing too much trouble. Did not eat in hotel; too much choice elsewhere. O'Lunneys on 45th street does great food and good atmosphere.	
Mar 20 2008	Not worth what I paid for	Everything was a disappointment. It took 2 hrs to get us a room. We requested 2-bed but got one bed. We requested a non smoking room but got a smoking room. The staff are nice but seem a littke helpless. I paid quite a bit for this stay. Next visit, i will definitely stay elsewhere.	
Mar 14 2008 	Very good hotel - even if it's in Times Square	I attended a conference at the hotel. I was very satisfied with my one night stay. Pros:comfortable bedsshower with great water pressure and temperaturevery nice view from the 30th floorCons:movies menu didn't workroom was a little stuffy when I first walked intemperature control was a little difficultI must say that the conference food was much better than the rubber chicken that you usually get. Nice selection and I was very happy with the lunch.I'm not a fan of Times Square area, but since this was business and not pleasure, I was very happy to stay at this property.	
Mar 12 2008	Great	I needed a NYC hotel room on very short notice for 1 night before a flight to Rome. Won on Priceline with a $125 bid. What was not to like.Reception check went very smoothly with Enrique. Given a room on the 45th floor with a view for the Chrsyler Building. Stones throw from Times Square, lots of restaurants nearby. The mexican restaurant (Viva Pancho) and BBQ (Virgils) across the streets are favorites of mine when in NYC.Next morning was fun walking around midtown before leaving for airport. Also close to Port Authority where we caught the bus to JFK for $15 or $27 for a roundtrip.Would recommend if you can get a good deal. Great location.	
Mar 9 2008 	Nice hotel great location!	Me and my husband stayed at the Millennium Broadway for 5 nights (March 2.-7.) It's a very nice hotel. I'll admit there is some obvious wear n' tear around the halls and in the rooms, but not enough to make it shabby or not nice to look at. Our room was big by our standards, a corner room at 27th floor. Nice enough view, we could actually see down at Times Square. Big, comfortable bed and a big, lovely bathroom. Even the complementary bathroom articles as the soap, shampoo, conditioner and bodylotion were good. And I used them everyday as I forgot all that at home..There was a small hall with closet and a minisafe. The room itself was the bed, two comfortable chairs, a table, a workdesk with a chair and the TV. The bathroom was all tiles with a bathtub and shower curtain. Big mirror!The check-in desk is very subtle, can even look like an office building desk, but nice and quiet. We experienced only friendly staff, from the check-in clerk, to the bellboy and doorman.There is a great deli across the street, Times Deli, that serves delicious sandwiches for breakfast. The hotel is literally 20 seconds away from Times Square. But even so close to all that traffic, our room was very quiet. We at least didn't hear any noise from the Times Square bombing that happened while we where there. The only negative thing I have to say is that we woke up in the middle of the night because of the fire alarm. A false alarm of course, but it waked me up enough to not sleep well the last night before our journey home..	
Mar 9 2008	Perfectly Fine Hotel	I'm not sure why there have been such negative reviews of this hotel in the past. Won this hotel on a Priceline bid for $125 so hard to complain, but i thought this was an above average hotel for NYC. The room was large for New York standards and other than the tired hallway, was nicely appointed. The location couldn't be better for shows and transportation. The staff was great.	
Mar 6 2008	Wonderful Wonderful Wonderful!	Quiet, Quiet, Quiet! Right where the heart of the city is. $10.00 taxi down to Battery Park, SoHo, Chinatown as well as north to the Bronxs. Walking distance to theater district. Great place to be. They let us check in early too. Loved it.	
Mar 5 2008	Front desk manager needs more customer service training	At 5:43 pm, we checked in, Sasha convinced us that a smoking room is not as bad with only a night stay. At 5:46 I called in to request a room change, for a non-smoker, we couldn't stay. The night manager, Debbie, promised a room, we waited in the lobby until 7 pm, we gave up the wait, they assigned us a another room which just happened to be the next to the one we were promised. We saw the housekeeper just leaving the room, I rush and called front desk and was told that the room was already assigned to someone else. I said in the 3 minutes from the front desk to the 49th floor you gave away the room! They said yes. I wanted an explanation why that happened. Here what Debbie the night manager told us:1. Our hotel is so popular that we book rooms quickly.2. We have a great location.3. It's your fault.Never, never tell the customer they are wrong, you can further explain the situation in a polite way, diplomatic way. Better word choices.No apologiies, no compassion, just arrogant, stay away from my face attitude. It just reiterate that a hotel is just a hotel if the people you hire to work in it is not top notch.	
Feb 28 2008 	In Desperate Need of Updating but right in heart of Times Square	This is not a terrible hotel, but definitely not a 4 star experience. My room was in desperate need of updating. The temperature control on the wall did not work well. The room was either cold or stifling hot with no ability to set the temperature. The carpet was worn and the walls were damagedin places. The bed had only a sheet and a thin top comforter. The shower provided a misting, not an stream of water. I could go on. Overall, the quality of the room and decor were poor. The only thing it had going for it was location. I would not personally recommend this hotel.	
Feb 26 2008 	Good Hotel Great views!!!	Stayed here in feb for one night, fantastic views! I was on the 22nd floor, however the hotel goes up to the 52nd floor, so request a high floor when you book. The hotel is beautifully decorated, very fancy inside, and the desk staff were very helpful. You cant beat the location for this hotel, it is right beside times square, so very safe at night. From my room i could see the big adverts and bright lights that are right in the middle of times square. The naked cowboy stands right at the bottom of the street!! The rooms are very spacious, however my room was a little dirty, had a big stain on the carpet and was very dusty, obviously hadnt been cleaned thoroughly for a while. When i asked to be moved i was told this wasnt possible, but i was only there for one night. The doorman is very helpful, and there is somewhere to store your luggage when you check out, but remember to tip the guy if you want it to be securely put away and not left to one side with the others!	
Feb 25 2008 	More blankets please	Loved the location, the views and the general value for money. My daughter and I had booked a two bed room and found that there was only a sheet on each bed. Looked in the closet and found only one blanket (this is February). We requested another blanket but we would have liked a warmer quilt and to have had the option of turning off the heating at night.Housekeeping also come tapping on the door from 8am every day wanting to know what time you are going out. They are not actually coming in then to service the room, just planning their schedule which is annoying when you've arrived late and are on holiday.Don't let this put you off. It's a great place to stay.	
Feb 22 2008 	Fantastic hotel	My daughter, mother and I stayed at the Millenium Broadway from 14th to 18th Feb 08. It was in a fantastic location -situated a stones throw from Times Square you couldnt really ask for any more. Central Park is a ten minute walk north, 5th Avenue 5 minutes east.The conceirge were so helpful and friendly. The room we had was really nice, situated on the 30th floor with a view down to Times Square. It was well decorated, clean and warm, everything worked and housekeeping was spot on.I would definately recommend this hotel to anybody wanting a brilliant hotel in the best place on earth!	
Feb 21 2008 	great hotel!	I stayed here with my 11 year old, and our 18 year old exchange student from Norway. The room was clean, quiet and nicely appointed. We hardly knew we had neighbors in the rooms next door, and the street noise was minimal. The concierge was SO friendly and helpful (perfect for us...not having been to NYC in a long time). We used the gym every morning. They have new equipment and the area is very clean.Ask for a room with a view...it won't disappoint.I would recommend this to friends, and would certainly stay here again!	
Feb 20 2008 	Great weekend @ the Millenium	Booked on travelzoo and got a great rate of $199/night over Valentine's Day weekend. It was a girls getaway weekend, so we only needed 2 single beds. Flight was delayed, so we didn't arrive until almost midnight. We figured we would get whatever room was left over since we were so late, but boy were we surprised. We asked for a view of Times Square and were told those rooms were all king sized rooms and were all booked since it was Valentine's Day. My friend asked for a good view and we were told they were &quot;all spectacular&quot; (I had read otherwise, so I was a bit hesitant). Got to our room on the 47th floor and opened the door to a spacious, clean and nicely appointed corner room with a dozen long stemmed roses sent by my husband along with sparkling water and a large fruit arrangement. They were beautifully arranged in front of the window in the corner which overlooked the Chrysler Building! We were ecstatic! The room had plenty of space for 2 single beds, a dresser with flatscreen, a desk and chair, a side table and oversized leather chair, an additional leather chair and a nice sized closet. The bathroom was very clean but hideously outdated with patched wallpaper and old tile, but other than that our stay was great. The concierge was wonderful with our atypical questions and we never had to wait for an elevator as some have complained. The location cannot be beat. Check in took approximately 2 minutes and check out was even quicker. They have town cars waiting to depart for any airport for prices better than cabs. Toiletries were plentiful and again, the room was very clean. The beds were comfortable, the heater was quiet, and I very much enjoyed the dull drone of the nightlife of the city below - even at 47 floors up! The horns, sirens and traffic are part of the experience of NYC and if you can't hear it occassionally, it just isn't the same in my book. We do not come to NY to do touristy things, so this hotel was perfect for us because it was centrally located and we could hop off the subway and drop off bags, coats, etc or quickly freshen up before a show. Terrific stay and I would stay here again. My husband said they were delightful to deal with over the phone when arranging the deliveries. Great stay!!!	
Feb 19 2008 	Great Location... needs updating	we used priceline and got a good rate. it overlooks times square, thus the location was excellent.however, the rooms were tiny and it obviously needed some updating. old tvs, sloppy paint-job on doors, a little wear-n-tear on the furniture. etc... I booked a 4 star hotel and I only got a 3 star experience.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great Experience!	I am in the hotel business so I tend to be very critical of other hotels. I also travel to NYC about three times a year and have always been disappointed in where I stay. This is the first time I felt I had a good value in NYC. The room was comfortable and clean, the view was great (34th floor) and the location was awesome. Close enough to the subway, theater district and great restaurants, but on a quite street. I will book here again.	
Feb 12 2008 	Wow! We're right in Times Square!	I needed a hotel to stay just overnight so that we could enjoy dinner and a show without worring about rushing back to catch a train to upstate NY. I decided to book on priceline because we had already blew a large amount of $ on the tickets for the show...Was I surprised when it booked this hotel for us right in the theater district! It is everything you could want from a hotel in Manhattan! We stayed on the 42nd floor and although this hotel is not really known for the view this room had a spectacular view! You could see many cool buildings, people on the streets and I was even able to see the river in a few spots peeking out from behind the skyscrapers! They put us in a superior room, on a corner so that side of the room was all glass for our viewing pleasure. The room itself is decorated in beautiful colors with a great bed with a really neat headbord that lights up on the sides...so cool! Room was VERY clean and had lots of nice soaps and lotions in the bathroom. Concierge was so very pleasant to deal with and so very helpful! If you plan to go see a show and need a place to stay, Millenium Broadway is a place you will never forget for a special night. I know I won't!	
Feb 11 2008 	Never Again	I am from the NYC area and travel a lot with my family, so shame on me for picking this hotel. Other than the location, which was great if you're doing the Times Square scene, the hotel was horrible. My husband, myself and 2 daughters were given a very small room which was supposed to accommodate 4 people. The beds were &quot;oversized twin beds&quot;. They were small and uncomfortable. The staff was not helpful and offered nothing when we complained about the room. The heating system was very loud also. When we ate at the hotel's restaurant for breakfast, there were several tables open, but they only had one busboy and he was completely inept. We had to wait 35 minutes for a table because they had no one to bus the other dirty tables. I sent an email to the hotel manager when we returned home and I received no reply at all. There are so many choices in the Times Square Area so we will never stay there again.	
Feb 9 2008 	5 star stat at the millenium	My husband and I traveled to the Broadway Milleium via AMTRAK (highly recommended) for a 2-day conference. We immediately received a warm and friendly greeting from Edwin, a bellman. Edwin did an excellent job of showing us to our room, showing us around the room, and answering questions we had. While we were onkly there 3 days/2 nights, Edwin always made a point of saying hello. Top notch service!The room was exceptionally large for New York City - FABULOUS bathroom - very comfortable bed - great housekeeping, The location is centrally located - - close to Toys R Us, Time Square, the subway, etc, The only thing that slightly upset me was that I requested a late check out (due to the conference that I was attending), and they would only allow a 1:00 p.m. late check out. I asked if we could stay until 3:00, and they said it would cost an additional $175 (for 2 hours - seemed a bit over the top).Overall, excellent experience - highly recommended.	
Feb 9 2008 	Location location location!	The Millennium hotel is about 1/2 block up from the crossroads of 7th and Broadway and the location is absolutely great if you are spending time in the Times Square area. The lobby stretches a city block long. Entering from one street affords a view straight through to the next - typical of many office building designs in NYC. I felt the lobby more office building in nature than a residence, but tastefully decorated and inviting. The room we had was excellent, but a few corners of walls, windowsills and bathroom fixtures seemed ready for a makeover. They were not bad, simply &quot;tired.&quot; The bed was comfortable and temperature of the room nice. The pillows could be better. The view we had was outstanding, looking down into Times Square and views of the city scape. Looking across to the Marriott, I felt I made a good decision in staying in the Millennium - the Marriott is a monolith of a hotel... At night it was nice to turn off all the room lights and let the city light the room. Nice ambiance! ;-)Cocktails in the bar were priced right for NYC and breakfast should not be missed at the Brooklyn Diner, one block away. Get the chocolate eggcream. The only bad things were the parking which is expensive and limited to a strict 24 hour rule. Make sure the valet stamps your ticket with the time when you get there. Great hotel, appropriately priced for the location and convenient to everything in the Times Square area! Woudl certainly stay again.	
Feb 5 2008 	Perfect Location for Times Square!	My husband booked a surprise trip to New York for 5 nights for my 40th birthday. We went with another couple and had the most wonderful few days.The hotel was in a perfect location - if you know Times Square at all - there's a Toys R Us Store there, the hotel is located a few metres up 44th Street. From our room on the 37th floor we had a lovely view of the Empire State Building and we could also see the Paramount Building and clock - and could also look down on Times Square.Our friends were on the other side - they could look out at the Chrysler Building - so either way - we had lovely views - in an extremely convenient location.The hotel rooms were really very comfortable - of a reasonable size - with a more than acceptable en-suite facility.We enjoyed every single minute of our trip - and can't wait to go again - we will most definitely book this hotel. It truly was a very happy, memorable few days.	
Feb 5 2008 	Great Location! Great Hotel!	I named my own price on priceline for a last minute hotel in NYC. I am so glad I got this hotel for $137 a night. The location is perfect! Right by the Toys R Us in Time Square. The rooms are big for NYC. The hotel is beautiful and the staff is accomidating. They gave us a late checkout for free. Parking is valet for $45 for 24 hours. I would love to be able to stay here again!	
Feb 1 2008 	Fantastic location good hotel	This hotel sold itself on its location. Literally 20 seconds walk to Times Square, and with a starbucks right by the entrance, what more could you need?!The rom was large, comfortable and clean with a great view of the Chysler building. We booked through travlezoo and got a really good deal, upgraded to a superior room (on the 46 floor) for a great price (compared to a lot of hotels in the midtown area)The only issue we had with our stay was that when we arrived there was a plate of half eaten food and some dirty glasses outside our room as though waiting to be collected by the room service team. This didn't bother us then, but after the second night when it was still there - i eventually called to reception to have it removed. Bizarrely - our room was serviced every day with fresh towels and great standards of cleanliness, which were also evident throughout the rest of the hotel, apart from these items. Maybe it was a test or something - but not very nice regardless!Would recommend this hotel to friends..	
Feb 1 2008 	Great time at the Millenium	Three gals stayed in the Millenium on Times Square where we had a view of the square from the 37th floor. Our room was perfectly clean, and spacious enough for us to put down an air mattress for our third bed. We had to call for an extra blanket, and we did blow a fuse - but we had two hair dryers, the television and the heater all going at the same time. The helpful staff responded quickly and were friendly and funny. I would recommend this as an excellent location for the Broadway district, within walking distance of St. Patrick's and Rockefeller Plaza, a comfortable room for a couple of nights, and a great stopping off place on your trip to NYC.	
Jan 30 2008 	Hated the Millennium will not return.	We stayed at Millennium Broadway for one night over the weekend and it was awful. Rooms are big by NY standards but everything else about this place is subpar. The first room we were given, 4008, had a smell so bad that we had to leave the windows open while we did some shopping. Came back after 4 hours and the stench was still present. Asked to be moved to another room and, after waiting close to an hour, they put us in room 4010, two doors down. This room didn't have a smell but the view was worse than our first room and the blankets looked dirty. Having stayed at this hotel a few years back, and having a great view of Times Square back then, I was highly disappointed in both rooms. I think the rooms with the view of Times Square are the only rooms they actually renovated because our room looked exactly as it did back in 2003 when we first stayed here (before the &quot;renovation&quot;). We were supposedly given a free room upgrade with a travelzoo code but both rooms seemed bottom of the barrel to me. The bathrooms were definitely not renovated either. I can't really say anything good about this hotel except for the location. However, there are 100's of hotels in this area so this is not your only option. Next time, I will pay the extra money and stay at the Sofitel.	
Jan 28 2008 	Good Hotel in Great Location	This hotel is in the BEST location ever. The hotel staff was very nice, friendly, and helpful. Check-in was quick and they even gave me a choice of 2 full beds or 1 King bed. The common areas are very art deco style and cool looking, especially the elevators. Marble galore and immense paintings grace the lobby, and make the place look super fancy, but the furnishings in the waiting area in the lobby are more than a bit worn. The room itself was very clean and in good shape. The dresser and nighstand were scuffed up, but not in a major way. The bathroom was very clean and the tile and marble was all in perfect shape. We had a pretty good view from our room on floor 21. I can't say enough about the location. It is right next to the Times Square ToysRUs, on 44th St. This hotel was a bargain on Hotwire for around $188. Loved it!To sum up:PROS: 1. GREAT LOCATION- 2.Friendly &amp; efficient employees- 3. Clean, comfortable rooms- 4. PriceCon: 1. A few areas in need of refurb.	
Jan 28 2008 	Perfect Location for a Theater Weekend	My daughter and I were at the Millenium Broadway for a theater weekend and we had a wonderful stay! We were in a corner room on the 51st floor with a fantastic view of the Chrysler Building, the old New York Times building and the rest of the skyline. The windows are almost floor to ceiling. The room was spacious for a NYC hotel room and had two beds. The staff was friendly and efficient -- our room was cleaned by late morning each day. The hotel is within easy walking distance of all the Broadway theaters as well as the subway. We ate dinner at the restaurant (Charlotte) one night and enjoyed that as well. The hotel has excellent weekend rates in January and February that we booked on the hotel website. I definitely recommend the Millenium Broadway!	
Jan 28 2008 	Location	Check in - very efficient, polite, and easy. Front desk was well staffed at 4PM on Friday and there was no wait at allThe Lobby - nice, a couple of couches up front if you want to sit down and wait for the cab/shuttle/car/etcElevators - there are 5 that go to all floors, and I did not have to wait loner than a few secondsThe room - older, some definite wear and tear on the furniture, but clean. Bed - very comfortable, nice pillows, and even a blanket with a duvet cover. Size - on par with other NYC hotels in this price range.Bathroom - usual basic amenities, shower with good pressure. Large fluffy towels.Minibar - usual overpriced junk foodLocation - pretty much right next to Times Square. It is not on Broadway or 7th Ave, but half a block off, so there is no crowds roaming at the front entrance. There are two entrances, the front, which is on W 44th Street, and the back on W 45th street. Right off the back entrance there is a decent Irish Pub, had lunch there - good beer, lots of space and an acceptable shepards pie.Duane Reed pharmacy is east on 44th and 6th (a 2 min walk) where you can get the drinks, etc...Some people complained about the check out - for me it was a breeze, less than 10 seconds literally.	
Jan 27 2008 	Excellent stay	Can't fault it. Great room, geat position, great service throughout my stay. Loved the room designs, made such a nice change from the bland offerings of other chain hotels. I will definitely stay again.	
Jan 22 2008 	Good Hotel Great Location	Booked this hotel based on a $199 per night offer through Travelzoo. As other reviews have said, this hotel is in a fantastic location for access to Times Square and Broadway Theaters. We were there for our first visit to the City over the MLK weekend. The hotel was very clean and check-in and check-out were simple. The desk staff, bellman and concierge were helpful on all occasions. We saw Hairspray and Grease, which were both great shows. We also enjoyed the 3-hour night tour of Manhattan through New York Party Tours. Tip: Avoid most restaraunts in Times Square, since they are typically overpriced chains. By walking a few blocks you can get better food at cheaper prices. We enjoyed Sosa Borella on 8th and 50th, Rue 57 on 5th and 57th, and Westway Diner on 9th and 44th for an inexpensive diner breakfast.	
Jan 20 2008	Nice Hotel - Good Location 12/30-1/4/08	We got a pretty decent rate on Hotwire for New Years Day on - it was pretty empty after the festivities of NYE. The location is great - you get a room up way high and you'd probably see the ball drop from your window! When we checked in 12/30 - our room was not finished properly (lack of toiletries, blanket for bed) but otherwise it was fine. It was on the 20th floor if I remember correctly. The service to the room was slow, but otherwise we had no complaints.Keep in mind if you come specifically for NYE it's a big pain in the --- to get around that evening - requiring police escorts (everybody was standing around - but no body wanted to escort us to the hotel!) that at best is a very very slow process.The free upgrade to the room on the 51st floor was definitely awesome. The room was prettier (as you can see on the picture) and the view was awesome.Would definitely stay there again!	
Jan 11 2008 	Stayed 28th Dec - 1st Jan perfect for NYE in Times Square	My Wife and I stayed here so that we could be there for NYE for 100th Ball Drop in Times Square.You cannot ask for a better location. The room is a little small, but the bed was comfy and the bathroom was nice enough... It isn't the Burj Al Arab, but for what you need when staying in new york its great.We were on the 21st Floor, of course you are going to hear the noise from the streets, YOU ARE IN NEW YORK!!! However its not enough to keep you awake.The resaurant (Charlotte) was really nice, we had a 3 course meal ending with Chocolate Strawberries.... can't go wrong!! We went to Magnolia Bakery for the best Cup Cakes in NYC and breakfast at Cafeteria on 17th and 7th (was in Sex in the City). Helicopter flight was well worth it and if you go to Stubhub.com you can get tickets to go see the Knicks at basketball in Madison Square Garden and get them sent to your hotel.... well worth it... all within walking distance.	
Jan 10 2008 	Great Location!	The best feature of the Millennium Broadway, by far, is its location. It is located about a half block off Broadway, at Times Square (it's a few steps from the Toys R Us). The lobby of the hotel is beautiful. We didn't dine at the restaurant, but did have drinks at the bar. Very nice. Front desk (check in/out) and bell service was very good.As with most NYC hotels, the rooms are fairly small. Our room, on the 32nd floor, looked down onto Broadway. The furnishings are nice and the room seemed clean. The bathroom is good sized, and the counter/vanity/sink area seems fairly new. The only negative point about the room would be the bath/shower. The grout around the tiled wall was somewhat stained, and some of the enamel around the tub had been worn away, exposing the metal. It seems like the entire room, including bathroom had been recently refurbished, with the exception of the tub/shower.	
Jan 7 2008 	Nice hotel with great location!	I booked 2 rooms through Travelzoo at a great rate of $199 per room. The location was perfect - 1/2 block from Times Square. We booked the superior rooms, which were decent size, clean and had nice views. The beds were comfortable, but the pillows were not. The doorman and valet staff were wonderful -- they were fast and friendly. I would stay here again, and I'd definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jan 4 2008 	Spacious responsive and close to Times Square!	Overall, very pleasantly surprised by this hotel. Booked a 4 star in theater district on Priceline and they accepted our offer of 189/nt from 25-28 December, when prices are usually rising due to the imminent ball drop Upon checkin we were upgraded to a superior room. The wall of windows in the room was impressive, offered a nice view. Location: Literally a 1 minute walk to Times Sq. 2 1/2 blocks from the nearest subway. 5 minute cab ride from Penn Station. For you coffee addicts, there is a Starbucks right next to the 47th St entrance to the hotel.  The rooms ending in 14 are on the side of the hotel furthest away from Times Square so you don't see much of it from your room. If you are lucky enough to be on the east side of the hotel you have a pretty good view of the North side of Times Square.Check in/out: From what the bellhop told us check in/out on Sundays could be hectic with a line of 8-10 people waiting to check out right before checkout time (noon). Strangely enough, there wasn't an option for inroom checkout.Rooms: Ours was a &quot;Superior&quot;...Nice sized for NYC, bathroom was very big and the shower/bath was roomy, had great pressure and was nice/hot. No fan in the bathroom. Internet capable. The bed was firmly soft if that makes any sense. I thought it was pretty comfortable. TV was decent size, but the stations didn't come in crystal clear.Concierge: A little lacking, we didn't use them to book any shows, so I can't speak to that. We just got advice on breakfast and information on the statue of liberty. The two people I consulted had limited information.Maid service: Great. The couple of times we needed something extra we called the front desk and had the items within 10 minutes.Area eats: Don't eat in Times Sq! Prices are exorbitant. ($18 for a hamburger at the TGIF). The Red Flame, a block east of the hotel on 46th, had very fast service. Eggs ok, pancakes were pretty good. There are a couple of breakfast places just east of the hotel on the north side of 47th that looked pretty good, but we didn't get to eat there as they had stopped serving breakfast.The Heartland brewery directly south of the hotel on 45th had excellent steak.Would stay there again.Hope this helps in your decision. If you have any other questions just let me know!	
Jan 4 2008 	Fair Good location Mosquito	I stayed at the hotel in October, 2007. While I was impressed with the location (it's location right in midtown), I was not too impressed with their service.A couple of things:- There seemed to be a mosquito of some sort in the room. While this in itself is not a big deal (I tend to brush off reviews I read that are overly specific like this) - I felt like I couldn't find anyone who would be able to bring some sort of mosquito repellent/burner to the room. I called housekeeping and got no response. This is the first time I haven't been able to reach someone 24-hours at a hotel about services such as these.- Internet was around $11/day. This is perfectly reasonable. The only thing again, was that when I asked about the procedure, how to connect etc., I was given differing advice from the front desk staff, from the 'business center' on the phone tab, etc. The room was not huge but fair in terms of cleanliness. I would hesitate to choose it if I had a choice between other similarly-priced hotels, but the location is something to consider.	
Jan 3 2008 	Not Again!	I stayed at the hotel from Dec29th - Jan 2nd and I got my hotel through priceline and I saved alot of money. But I got stuck with a room that had two twin beds, and a light that did not work. You could hear traffic from the room as I stayed on the 27th floor. It did not keep me up at night but it was pretty annoying. The Location of the hotel was the only thing I really liked. While we were getting ready for our plans for New Years we opened the windows and we could hear the bands warming up and performing. That was pretty cool.	
Jan 2 2008 	Don't get excited.......	Having stayed in many of the London properties, I was quite looking forward to staying at the Millenium Broadway in New York. I was truly disappointed. The first room we were given had an inter-connecting door to another room that didn’t lock, there were no light bulbs and the beds looked they had been shipped in from the nearest hostel.After complaining to a receptionist who was clearly incapable of communicating in any language, we were given an ‘upgrade.’ We were curtly told to hurry and clear our luggage from the unwanted room as other guests would be arriving shortly. The new room was just as dodgy and very much stuck in the eighties. The reception did nothing but call at strange times, 3am as an example, asking if we would like to reserve a table for breakfast. Never, ever again to be perfectly honest with you, poor, poor show.	
Dec 30 2007 	Unbeatable location for NYC polished hotel	Refreshing hotel at bargain price via hotwire. I've been to NYC probably about 15-20 times for the weekend as my partner lives close to the city ATM so we take advantage. for the weekend prior to Crimbo I decided to book friday and saturday so we could party without the worry of travelling home. The hotel was a bargain $200 a night via hotwire. which we thought was a steal for this period 21st-23rd dec. The staff where very fast pleasant and the room was a perfect size for a romantic weekend. Large bath corner room with two windows facing different directions over times square. Security seemed very good as we were prompted for out keys on entry to the hotel every time. Some great eateries really close for breakfast and bar for a couple of last beers before bed time. parking wasn't too outrageous at $45 a 24hr, which really aint bad for NYC. Cons: the guys took an age to get our car back and if your checking bags early prior to check in there was an awefully long Q. This didnt effect us as we arrived late. All in all we had a great time here, although we didint depend on hotel service at all.. who does your in NYC.	
Dec 30 2007 	Good Location - Dissapointing everything else	We booked this hotel through Priceline - saved about 40% - and we were really looking forward to this &quot;4 star luxurious NYC Hotel&quot;. When we arrived to the hotel, the doorman didn't feel like vallet parking our car and suggested we just use the parking lot across the street. Then there was a long line at check in, and not nearly enough staff. When we finally got up to our room, it did seem a little tiny (but it is NYC), but the bathroom was a decent size. We didn't have an exciting Time Square view, but it was okay. I had tried calling downstairs with questions and requests but could never get a human on the telephone. Then we went downstairs to see if the hotel staff could help us get a taxi - the guy outside said &quot;the cabs have been scarce here, but this guy here will take you in his limo car for $25&quot;. Unfortunately we were unfamiliar with the area/cab prices and agreed. On our way back to the hotel, we took a regular yellow cab and it was $11 - so the hotel guy charged us more than double. After we got back, the drinks at the hotel bar were a little outrageous - $12 for a glass of wine. We got back up to the room around 10 pm and could still here some honking and some traffic noise, but it did get quieter after that and wasn't too bad. What was really disappointing was the breakfast we had in the hotel restaurant downstairs. We had made reservations - didn't need to - it wasn't that crowded. The food was obviously overpriced (as most hotel restaurants are) we paid about $15 for pancakes... but the service was extremely slow and really not on the ball. I had to ask 4 different people over the span of 40 minutes for a glass of water. Really disappointing and frustrating! Then our check out process was also a long ordeal - and the complimentary guest baggage storage was also a little shady - they basically just put a cord through your suitcase and leave it in the lobby - only quasi attended. So while nobody could probably walk away with your suitcase, someone certainly could walk away with the contents of the suitcase. Overall, the hotel was ehh okay. I certainly wouldn't pay full price for it and it was disappointing after paying the amount that we did. If you are looking for the location and don't really care about having a nice hotel and decent food/service, and you don't mind the price tag - then this would work for you - it is a minute's walk from Time's Square and a few minute walk from most Broadway shows. But if you're looking for a nice get away and somewhere a little more special - keep looking. I've stayed at Hampton Inn's that were 10 times more luxurious and enjoyable than this hotel. Hope you have a better experience than we did!	
Dec 29 2007 	Christmas at Millennium Hotel	We stayed December 20-27. I booked through a Travelzoo and got a great rate. Our room on the 39th floor had a great view of the Chyrsler building. The room was large, clean, and comfortable. The hotel staff was great. Some street level noise but it didn't bother me too much. I would stay at the Millenium Broadway again and would not hesitate to recommend the hotel to others.Starbucks and Cranberry's are steps away on 45th St. We used these two stores to buy coffee, breakfast and snack items. We did not eat in the hotel restaurant but did have great room service for breakfast on Christmas morning. Recommend Johnny's Pizza on 45th for quick delivery and great pizza.	
Dec 28 2007 	Location is superb! Room Clean.	I AGREE WITH SEVERAL OF THE PREVIOUS REVIEWS. The rooms are nice enough (not up to a 4 –star room, but clean and for New York Standards VERY LARGE). The location is the star here. The view could not be better. You are literally right on top of Times Square. The property is ½ block from the center of TIMES SQUARE.  The room was clean. The bed (a king) was huge. Although there is much activity, the noise was not a problem (request a higher floor). We only heard two sirens before falling asleep.The lobby is quiet, unlike the Marriott Marquis, Milford, or other Times Square properties. Security checks for room keys at night to avoid any intruders, which made us feel safe.Check-in was quick and without any problems. Check–out, however, was virtual chaos. Lines for baggage storage were extensive (we used the bell hop for a $10 tip to avoid the line). However, when we came to claim our luggage at 5pm that day, the luggage was stored in the open lobby without being locked up. We didn’t lose anything, but it didn’t seem to be the best plan. You may want to arrange for a return flight after check-out, if possible, rather than staying for the rest of the day.Unlike a previous reviewer, we found the driver for the Town Car to LaGuardia to be efficient, pleasant, and only $40 plus tip (a pretty nice deal, as the car was clean and the ride smooth as opposed to the usual yellow cab experience for $30). I guess the drivers can be hit-or-miss.Overall, we agree with the 3.5 desigantion given by a previous review. 3 star hotel, 5 star location!	
Dec 28 2007 	Great Location Decent Rooms	Stayed in Millenium on Dec. 21 to 24th. Arrived from an early flight from Los Angeles, and the hotel was able to check us in right away at 7:00 a.m. with no hazzle. Great central location, with local eateries nearby and very near TIMES SQUARE. Room that I stayed in was sized to accommodate a King Size Bed and two side sofas with a side table. The room had good furnishings with bathroom with marble tops. But the room, I would say is a tad tiny, but bigger than European sized hotels. I stayed in this room with my husband and 6-year old son. All in all, it was good prize. We found a good deal through travelzoo and was able to book it for $199 (original price $394). Pleased at the price, the location, and the room in general. We generally walked to all places. Felt safe walking in the area, even at night. Saw two shows that ended at around 10:30 p.m.	
Dec 27 2007	Good location OK rooms	Pricelined for a good deal around the holidays. Place was sold out too. Asked for a king, all they had was 2 twins non smoking. Went for the king smoking. Acutally not bad at all. I guess not too many people smoke anymore. No discounts/extras/general acknowledgement for the inconvinience though. Location is right off of Times Square, so good for touristy stuff. The whole place looks fairly dated. Would have been edgy and trendy...in the mid 1980's. Room was OK. Large enough and quite good by NYC standards. Bed was nothing special, nor was bathroom. Adequate, clean, but not stunning or new. Definately needed a makeover decoration wise. I have stayed at the other Millenium property by the UN and that is MUCH nicer. More updated rooms, they have a pool, and quieter neighborhood. For a priceline deal I was happy. If I had paid rack rates, I would have been disappointed. For the price, I would expect a Westin type experience. Good decor, outstanding bed, good service. Note this is not a Fairmont experience, but neither is the price. This is really more of a Marriot/Radisson type of place. Very adequate. Clean. But not stunning.	
Dec 15 2007 	It's really a 3.5 Star hotel	I have stayed at this hotel at least four times this year while travelling to New York on business. I especially like the fact that the standard rooms are very large compared to most NYC hotel rooms and have a cool art deco look. Also, the fitness center is excellent for a hotel. This is not a 4 star hotel, but is a very good value for tourists looking to stay close to Time Square. Are there better hotels in NYC? Well yes there are, but for the price this hotel is a very good choice.	
Nov 30 2007 	nice hotel but never use their drivers	Nice hotel, great location decent room, poor showerfood in restaurant not that goodwhat is completely wrong with this place is that the doormen more or less insist that you use their drivers. The actual cars are not in order, the drivers drive very aggressively (very different from my yellowcabexperiences) and cannot even provide a receipt. A Yellowcab Mid Manhattan to JFK costs you flatrate 45 USD, my rollercoaster experience costed 60USD and I have considered on several occasions to step out. Don't understand why the hotel runs a risk of loosing clients for a small benefit.	
Nov 29 2007 	Our room was great	I booked my room about a week in advance on a travelzoo special to go into NYC overnight to go see Les Paul at the Iridium with my brother. We had a corner room on the 47th floor overlooking times square with 2 single beds. It was very clean, updated, beds were great, no problems, no complaints. Had to call down for a remote for the TV. Checking out was easy, had a great rate, location was perfect. I'd definately go back. It might be a bit small for some, but I actually like a small room. we had a coffee maker. soaps were nice.	
Nov 26 2007	great location great hotel	i love this hotel. its location is great. rooms are some times on the small size depending on what you get but you cant beat the location at all. rooms are clean with good amenities. everyone is always nice and helpful	
Nov 24 2007	Thanksgiving week at the Millenium	My husband and I stayed at the Millennium for 5 days (Nov. 18-23). We got a good deal through Travelzoo ($199-$249 a night). We booked it because we wanted to be near Times Square and Broadway. Pros: The location is near Times Square and Broadway, although due to the strike we didn't get a chance to see the Broadway shows we had hoped to see. It is also a short distance to Rockefeller Center and Radio City Music Hall. We did get to see the Rockettes Christmas show and it was great! The staff was very nice and helpful to us. Check-in was easy and fast. Housekeeping did a good job cleaning the room, and everybody I encountered was helpful and nice. Cons: There was no coffee maker in the room and the hotel didn't offer any complimentary coffee in the lobby either. The TV remote did not work very well. If you need internet access from their business center, it will cost you 25 cents a minute (printing is an additional charge). While in New York, we bought tickets for the downtown hop-on, hop-off bus (Gray Line Tours) and that was our transportation for 3 days (our tickets were valid for 48 hours). If you want to get away from the madness of Times Square, we recommend that you take a stroll to Greenwich Village. It's a much calmer and slower pace and there is plenty to do there. If you are looking for a cheap place to eat, go to Papaya Dog (hamburger, fries and a drink for $4.95). Overall, we had a very pleasant stay at this hotel. I would recommend it, but only if you can find some kind of promotioanl offer.	
Nov 22 2007 	A bit disappointing	I stayed at the Millenium Broadway whilst in town for the international gift fair. The millenium is considered a 4 star hotel, but not by Australian standards, I thinks it's fair to say.We arrived at 1am after numerous flight delays to find that the shower did not work (and had hair in it). I phoned the front desk to ask that the shower be repaired and waited until 3am, when the repairman knocked on the door and said he'd come back in the morning. Having travelled for over 30 hours, I insisted he fix it immediately.On the third day the toilet overflowed and flooded the room and hall. We were relocated to the room below the leak! I refused to take it and we were relocated to a smoking room on a higher floor. The rest of the trip passed without incident but overall I thought the staff were a bit unhelpful, especially in light of the problems we had had. The bellman picked my bags up without being asked and deposited them 3 feet away and asked for a tip.There was no mini bar fridge and the ice machine did not work at all. The room itself was okay, clean and comfortable, but nothing more than you should expect.When I return to New York I'm going to try a different hotel.	
Nov 13 2007	Great Location Good Size Rooms Needs Some Updates	Staying at the Broadway Millenium for business. Received a corner room on the 37th floor overlooking Times Square. Check in was efficient and I was quickly up to my room. Overall, the hotel is showing its age. Nicks, scratches, scrapes, missing paint, crusty vents, and stains on carpet throughout. Nothing too major, but just those little things that tell you the hotel isn't exactly as &quot;fresh&quot; as it could be. Room was good size for NYC, view was fantastic. Street noise, even 37 floors up was quite pronounced. While you didn't hear the garbage trucks, you did hear constant traffic. Bed was quite firm, and what's up with only one sheet and a bedspread without a blanket, comforter, or some sort of thicker bed covering (I don't trust bedspreads in general due to the fact that they are rarely washed. When was the last time you saw a housekeeping cart with fresh bedspreads on it?) Lamps and other items in the room were all showing their age. Overall, for the price paid and the location, it's not a bad stay at all. It just doesn't rank up there with the top of the mix. It's more of the Sheraton/middle of the road quality with a great location along side the glitz and glamour of Times Square.	
Nov 9 2007 	Godd Hotel Great Location	Stayed in the Millenium for 3 nights on our second trip to New York.Hotel is in a great location in Midtown to see the city from. Most of the major subway lines are close and it is on top of times square. I had requested a high room with a view to give an extra edge to our stay and on our arrival we had a room on the 38th fllor with a view of the crysler building, Paramount buiilding and The empire state building from our huge window. The room was not a suite or in the Premier section but was a great size and very clean. You cant really ask for more in Midtown.The room was expensive as it was Marathon weekend but the hotel although full never seemed crowded and each time we had to peak to staff they were polite, friendly and helpful.Great place for restaurants and bars in and around times square and a good starting point for the whole city.No traffic noise even at the most busy times and the only down point we had with the hotel were the astronomical prices at the hotel bar. Go accross the steet and you will get better drinks and better value for money.	
Nov 7 2007 	Hard to beat the location of the Millennium	Priceline booked me into the Millennium for $450 per night. Not bad considering it was NYC Marathon weekend. I was concerned based on the mixed reviews I had read, but called the hotel directly to make sure I could get a non-smoking, nice room. I was very pleased with the room upon arrival and the staff was helpful and friendly. (I would give it 3.5 to 4 stars.) The hotel is in the heart of the theatre district. My daughter and I saw Phantom and Lion King, so it was nice to be within one block of each of those theatres. We were on the 44th floor so traffic noise was not an issue. Overall, it's the most I have ever paid for a hotel room, but seemed to be the norm for Times Square on a busy weekend.	
Oct 31 2007 	Great room and surprisingly quiet...	We got a deal through TravelZoo for $199 one night, $299 for the second, over a fall weekend. While the lobby is nothing special, our room was BIG by NYC standards, and on the 34th floor, it was surprisingly quiet! And the hotel is a half-block from the middle of Times Square. We had been looking at hotels that were twice the price and had mixed reviews. I would definitely stay here again for this price. (Added bonus, the Irish pub across the street has live music and a very laidback atmosphere. For more upscale drinks, The Algonquin Hotel's bar is just down the street.)	
Oct 29 2007	Love this hotel	I stay four nights in Millennium Hotel Broadway at october 2005.I was on trip with my father. Our room was big, clean and you can see right from the window Chrysler building, you couldn´t have a better view!Breakfast was amazing, I really like it.I have been on three different hotels in New York, and this was definitely the best. Bathroom was big and clean, room also.I look pictures that people has send here, on a website, and I just wondering, when our room look totally different than any of those, have we been some &quot;not normal room&quot;. But the bathroom looked same.Yeah, this is great hotel, that all I can say.	
Oct 28 2007 	Great Location in Times Square	Hotel was right in the heart of Times Square. We got a great rate from Travelzoo, and only stayed the one nite. Hotel Staff and concierge were great, and eager to please. They had a room ready for us, even though we checked in at 10AM., and the room had a view of Times Square ball tower and Chrysler Bldg. What more could you ask for. Skip eating in the hotel as there are a world of other options right around the corner, and the whole Times Square experience is available all night long.	
Oct 26 2007 	Just Perfect For Our Trip	I wasn't planning to spend the night in NYC, but when this hotel popped up on Travelzoo's Top 20, I couldn't resist.It was $199 per night, as we were only staying 1 night. We had a fantastic time and would be back again in a heartbeat.This hotel is located in busy Times Square, which may be either appealing or not. For us, it was just blocks from Bryant Park which was our main destination. There is so much within walking distance -- restaurants, pubs, shops, parks, subways - that you can either enjoy the area or pop in and out without trouble.The hotel itself was very nice. It's quite big -- I think there were 40-something floors. Our room was a Superior room, which had a king bed with plenty of room around it for unpacking and relaxing. It was clean, well decorated, and simply put: just fine. The bathroom was also clean, updated, and nice. We were there for too short of a time to comment on service. But overall, this hotel seemed like a real great pick if you want to be in the Times Square area. Not sure I would pay the $400 that the room typically goes for - but at $199 for the Travelzoo special, we felt like we were getting a real steal.	
Oct 26 2007 	Update desperately needed	Positives:- Location. Just off Times Square- Price. Cheaper than other properties in this area, although being in NY it is still very expensive.Negatives:- Badly needs money spent on it to bring it up to the standard of a modern hotel. - Terrible breakfast (taken in room, the buffet may be better). - Musty, dark bathroom is a real let down, with terrible shower. - Uncomfortable beds.	
Oct 25 2007	Unsanitary	The first room I walked into smelled like urine. The hotel quickly switched me rooms. By the time I checked out I had multiple bed bug bites. Unfortunately the blanket that I brought with me and used that night got infested with bugs and I brought them back home with me. The bugs must've come from the headboard or other. The housekeeping management claimed they would do something, but it's been weeks and I have yet to hear back from them. Stay away from this filthy place.	
Oct 23 2007 	Good but not amazing.	For new york standards, the rooms are somewhat spacious. The bathroom/room are clean. The bed was comfortable. The room was kind of dark, which turned me off, the bed had red/gold sheets above it. The TV was off to the side, not directly opposite the bed. Lastly, NO COFFEE MACHINE IN THE ROOM!!! this was just unacceptable, I did complain to the front desk and mention this and she said certain rooms do not have a coffee machine. Then I said we are paying $400 a night and there is no coffee machine, she's like I'll see what I can do. We had a KING SUPERIOR ROOM with no coffee machine - unbelievable. They were nice enough to find a machine and gave us all the tea/coffee along with many many extra packets of sugar/creamer.Overall, it was a good experience, the coffee machine thing irritated me the most, would i go back, probably not, would i recommend staying there if you are out of options, probably!!!I felt we paid too much for what we got.	
Oct 23 2007 	Housekeeping needs to step it up the bathroom was filthy	We loved our room and it's decor, it was a corner room with a great veiw on the 36th floor. The location if great. Our concern the whole time was the overall cleanliness of the room. The trash that was on our bathroom floor the day we arrived was there 3 days later when we left, so they never swept or vacuumed the floor. The base boards in the bathroom were full of crud and dirt. The top of the toliet tank was dusty. Fortunately for us, i always spray the bathroom and the remote controller with lysol when we arrive. Cleanliness is obviously not a hot button item for management. If it were they would have the head of housekeeping go through the room periodically and check to see how clean the bathrooms are. I am always puzzled why clean bathrooms are not number 1, because it can destroy a hotels' reputation.  The concierge was great, she arranged our dinner reservations at Virgil's across the street. The restaurant is over rated and the service sucked, despite its reputation. The restaurant was our selection not the concierge's, and we have no intentions of recommending it to anyone. We did go to a really nice little 40 year old cafe in the village called &quot; the pink tea cup&quot;, it was great. We took the subway down and hung out down there for a while, the shopping and restaurants are really nice in the village.	
Oct 23 2007 	Loved it! Can't wait to return	We stayed here for 3 nights during the middle of October 2007 and absolutley loved it.Our room was on the 44th Floor, and looked out onto Times Sq. (I guess most do!). It had all the normal hotel amminities and more. The bed was a little hard, but it was good for our backs!The location is great and everything is within walking distance, I couldn't really believe it.Everyone in the hotel was lovely and very effiencent. The room was perfect, there was nothing you could fault.We didn't really get to spend enough time here, but can't wait to return.Enjoy yourself if your going, we're so jealous!	
Oct 20 2007 	Great Location but Pricey	The ideal location for anyone interested in Times Square, shopping on Fifth Avenue, the Rock Center, Central Park (10 minute walk), and other attractions in mid-town. A bit pricey at certain times but that is true of most hotels around Times Square (Super 8 Times Square is a lot more affordable.)Very nice lobby, large room with wide screen TV, clean. I had a decent view from the room, via a large window. Some rooms probably have a better view, perhaps of Times Square. One strange experience. I got my key, went to the room, opened the door and found people still there. (Fully clothed, thankfully.) A bit embarrassing but they understood.The front desk checked and said, &quot;But they checked out this morning.&quot; Obviously not. The front desk manager happened to overhear this conversation but chose to ignore it. No comment at all. Otherwise, everything was just fine.	
Oct 19 2007 	Nice Location in Times Square	We stayed 3 nights at the Millenium Broadway Hotel. The location couldn't be beat for some first time visitors in the city. It's right in the heart of Times Square. We were traveling with a 2 year old, so it was important for things to be convenient, comfortable and safe. Here's the breakdown:Location and Cost:I was able to find the room for about $200-300 a night (rates changed between the three nights) via the Travelzoo website. They were have a special, and I was able to get in on that before the rooms ran out. For a 4-star hotel, in the middle of downtown, I don't think I could have done much better. I think usual rates fall in the $500-600 range. Remember , this is in the heart of tourists traps. This price didn't include any kind of parking fees though - I believe they only have validation at a rate of 35-45 for 24 hr period. We opted to take the train into the city. The hotel is a few blocks from Penn Station, so it wasn't a big deal to walk over to catch the train. You definitely want bags with wheels though!Room:We ended up getting a Superior King room, which fit a king size bed, and a desk. It was small, but not cramped. The bathroom was a nice size, with hairdryer and coffee machine. The view was nice too from the room, we could see the heart of the action from the room. The bed in this room was by far the BEST bed I have ever slept on in a hotel. Clean, comfortable - and the room looked like it had been recently renovated to a more updated style. Very pleased with the room in general. They have sensored minibar and snack drawer - so I was worried when my kid started moving things around. But there was no problem when I called the front desk, they took care of it right away.Summary:All in all , a nice place to stay. It gets really crowded in Times Square on the weekend, so be ready. For a first trip into the city - the location was great. I would say that the regular rates are pretty steep, and that staying one or two blocks off the main drag are well worth it, and we'll probably do that next time. But the hotel was clean, convenient, and the staff was pleasant. We never heard a peep from our neighbors either which is a sign of thick walls!	
