	A very good choice	The Stanford is well situated in Korea town, close to Macy's and good shopping. Although we were in NYC on business we also had some downtime so we were able to enjoy the delights that the city had to offer. The rooms are on the small side, and there is only one elevator but this did not present a huge problem for us. The bathroom was clean and the sheets and towels smelled freshly laundered. We were at the back of the hotel so we overlooked other windows but this did not present a problem either as it was quieter than being street side. If you craned your neck you could just about see the sky so you were able to see what the weather was doing and dress accordingly. Breakfast was bagels, doughnuts and other carby things - buns, rolls, toast etc, but this was ok too. The staff were very helpful and pleasant. As this is in mid-town we did struggle to find restaurants other than Korean ones which stayed open late.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great value great location	Amazing location! A couple blocks from Penn Station, 1 block from the subway, and near lots of shopping. Being right in Korea Town was great too. Hotel was nice and clean. Room was a little small and bathroom needed renovating but for the price and location we thought it was a great bargain. Room had a nice view and wasn't noisy at all.Would stay here again!	
Nov 24 2009 	perfect stay	we spent 3 nights in this hotel and I can honestly say we were not disappointed. Ideal location, comfy beds, quiet and safe, all staff courteous. Always helpful with queries. It was truly our home from home and we will return. Highly recommend. Thank you !	
Nov 22 2009 	Decrepit rooms view to a brick wall 	Room furniture was very old and in bad conditions, location is excelent. Personnel at front desk not very friendly - all chinese - and didn't solve problems at breakfast.Rom had mini bar empty and Air conditioner didn't work only heater.	
Nov 6 2009 	very pleasant stay for us	we arrived oct 27th and stayed for 3 nights.front desk was very kind and well as the bellhop,room 308 was roomy and spotless,great location and price was well worth it. 5 min walk to penn station,1 min walk to subway entrance,nyc was rockin and the stanford had a cool vibe about it.thank you new york.hope i can return someday.	
Nov 3 2009 	Adequate accommodation in New York	We booked a one bedroom suite with 2 Queen Beds, and lounge area (the sofa bed was in poor condition and unusable). The room was very spacious and the bathroom recently renovated. Location was excellent - 34th St subway access 1 minute from the hotel; Speedy's salad bar on opposite corner (highly recommended for healthy &amp; cheap eats); Macy's, JC Penney; Old Navy; H &amp; M; Gap; &amp; K-Mart all around the corner and very quick to walk to.Room included complimentary breakfast although we were surprised that there was a $10 charge to take your breakfast up to your room! Wi-fi is offered at a $10 charge per day. There are 2 internet computers on the 2nd level - very handy for printing boarding passes ($0.25 per page).Overall, it's a no frills hotel in New York. Very good price for the month of October (I think we paid around $330 per night), where everywhere else was wanting $400+ per night for a standard room.	
Nov 1 2009 	Don't Bother	Having read the previous reviews, I was very disappointed with this hotel.Not only was it the most expensive we had ever stayed in, in New York, but the lift was slow (and at one time broke down), there was no tea/coffee facilities in the room, the airconditioning was unsatisfactory, but the worse thing by far was the lack of natural light in the room.The room was a good size, but the only window was the size of a bathroom window and overlooked a giant black pipe, meaning the room was permanently dark.The good points about the hotel were the location and the cleanliness. However, I would definitely not return	
Oct 30 2009 	This is a great place to stay in New York City	I have stayed in many places in NYC and this is the place I return to. It is very convenient and within walking distance of Penn Station. It is clean, in good condition, and reasonably priced. It is down the street from Macy's.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great Location - good price	Our first trip to NYC &amp; was a little uneasy deciding on a place to stay - turned out to be great! (Recommended by a friend who had stayed here a couple of years ago &amp; liked reviews I read on Trip Advisor.) Subway is 2 minutes away - easy to get anywhere you want! We were on the 3rd floor, so waiting for the elevator wasn't an issue for us as we mostly used the stairs. (I would definitely stay here again, but would request the 3rd floor!) We had a Queen - room was on the small side, but plenty of room for us! (We didn't come to NYC to spend time in the hotel!) Comfortable bed, desk &amp; chair, 2 night stands with bedside lamps, separate ceiling light fixture that was very bright - really nice to have good lighting when we wanted it! Also liked that the window could be opened, as weather was nice (no view, but we weren't expecting one). Modern bathroom - good shower/tub combo, nice deep window ledge to set toiletries, etc. Room also had a refrigerator which was nice for beverages/snacks. Large closet with shelves &amp; plenty of room to store suitcases. Two internet-access computer stations on 2nd floor for free use by guests. Basic continental breakfast included (bagels, pastries, coffee &amp; juice) - nothing fancy, but very handy to get your day started. This isn't a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel, but it was clean, had everything we needed, reasonable price for the location, pleasant staff &amp; we felt very safe.	
Sep 14 2009 	hotel is good and nice	Great location - neare subway, Penn Ststion, Empire State Building, Times Squuare, 5 -th Ave. Also out of noise, quiet. Very nice and helpfull staff. Clean room, rather small but its enought when you want only sleepover. Breakfest rathesr french - sweets and coffe, not much room for all gests . Only one elevator for 12 floors! But it;s not so bad! Good hotel for good price.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great Hotel!	We stayed here for 9 nights in early August and it was a great stay! Friendly staff, nice rooms, small but big enough, and what's especially important: they were clean! The bathroom looked new and was spacious, the safe worked excellent, as well as the fridge.Our only complaint would be about the elevator, which is too slow and sometimes made some dubious choices in going up or down, making it faster too walk some floors.Anyway, the beds are very comfortable and there is hardly any noise from the city (we slept at the rear end of the hotel). I would recommend this hotel to anyone and would definately stay here again, the location is perfect!	
Sep 2 2009 	I'd definitely return	Fantastic location, renovated spacious rooms, quiet, very clean. Staff were easy to talk to and went out of their way to be helpful. Free internet was a bonus.However, there's only 1 lift in this large large hotel so there was a bit of wait time involved and the lift was usually crowded. There were also queues at breakfast but the queue seemed to move at a steady pace. And last, the towels were replaced daily when this was not necessary. This hotel should use the same environmental strategy used by many other hotels and only replace the towels which have been placed on the floor.The advantages of staying at this hotel however outweigh the small negatives mentioned above.	
Aug 27 2009 	Friendly budget hotel	This is a friendly budget hotel close to Penn station. Great staff, clean rooms (more spacious than some I've paid twice as much for) and really close to transport and Empire State Building.I will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 22 2009 	Excelent! Great Location and Good Value!	I stayed at Stanford Hotel in a 2 Two Queen Beds room with my wife, my sister and her hursband. We did the check in fast and with a good hospitality from the desk people. The room was clean with confortable beds. Water pressure was also good for hot and cold water. The position was great, just few steps from subway and near many options to eat (I recomend for value and healthy food if you go to Sppedys , its a Deli just across the street). You have also the Empire States Building , Victoria Secrets , Macys , Gap in the same hotel block. The breakfast was ok : Orange juice , cofee , milk , bagels and cream chease. The Value ? I think it will depend of the season and if you have lucky to take a promotion or special package ; for us we research like one week through many options and didn't find anything better than this with all these stuff (position, breakfast, cleaness , value). I definatelly would be pleasure to stay at Stanford again!	
Aug 9 2009 	Great hospitality great location great price!	On the edge of Koreatown, with the subway on the corner, one block away from the Empire State Building, and with a continental breakfast, this hotel is hard to beat. Yes the elevator is small and slow, Yes the breakfast is only cold doughnuts, bagels, and rolls (with a toaster available). Yes we had a tiny window with no view. But the staff is exceptional, cleanliness and helpfulness is priority, and the upper floors are completely quiet. There is a small bar, bakery, and attached restaurant (beware that tips seem to be included without notice). If you like Asian food, you are surrounded by options, and if not, the Speedy deli across the intersection is open late. There are 2 computers available in the &quot;business center.&quot; Our bathroom had only a shower but was completely modernized with beautiful shiny tile and glass enclosed shower, with Bath &amp; Body Works toiletries. All the staff was really exceptional and we had a wonderful stay :)	
Jul 26 2009 	Nice hotel	I was a bit worried what kind of hotel we will end up. You can never know, eventually. There are always people who either like or dislike and everything does not suite for everyone.Checking in (and out) was fast and easy. Stuff was friendly and helpfulRoom was spacious and there was tv, table + chair, closet and refrigerator (which turned out to be very useful). I did not like the shower because there was only a tap high up but at least there was a private bathroom :)Breakfast was quite poor.. just bagels, donuts, juice, coffee and tea. But at least you got something to eat before leaving hotel. I felt it was easier to have something there than go somewhere else to have a breakfast so I was happy to eat breakfast at the hotel.Breakfast place was tiny so there was always queue.Location was great. Overall it was a nice place and this is a good choice if you want to be sure you will have a decent hotelroom.	
Jul 19 2009 	great find in nyc	my family and i stayd in nyc over nite and we were a lil worried about the hotel. a friend told us about this hotel and said it would be perfect cause of its location and the rooms could sleep all 5 of us. the room was perfect on the 6th floor 2 queens and a pull out couch. the price was also great for a midtown hotel. the breakfast was minimal but good enough to get started for the day in the city. clean rooms, friendly helpful staff in the entire hotel will definatley use this hotel for our trip next year 2 days in the city was not nearly enough time. will stay here 3 or 4 days next year.	
Jul 17 2009 	New York Gem	The reviews on here are spot on. We stayed here because of the great location, the good reviews but mostly the excellent price. The hotel is in a great location, busy but safe and all New York's attractions close by. We had a nice spacious room, bathroom with bath which was an added bonus. I was worried about being kept awake with the hustle &amp; bustle of NYC but never heard noise, traffic etc. The room was above an alley way, away from the street noise which was perfect really...I'd rather a good nights sleep. Breakfast was great, nice to see the hotel include it in the price. Staff extremely helpful. Would highly recommend Hotel Stanford.....and I actually enjoyed the old elevator (operated by handle - we had to use it because the main elevator was broken). I wish I had the courage to operate it myself but the main elevator was up &amp; running the next day.Nice to see the building maintain it's old features.	
Jul 16 2009 	Definitely stay again	Nicest people ever! Clean, spacious room, amazing bath. Only complaints-Elevator was slow and our room was a bit warm so they gave us a fan which worked great because it drowned out the noise from the street (horns from taxis, etc.)! Great location-subway 5 min. away, 2 blocks from Penn Station, and 2 blocks from Times Square!	
Jul 6 2009 	Stanford...great location...great experience for NYC....	The hotel is in a great location 5-7 minutes walking from Times Square...restaurants and shopping centers are very close..We had a suite room....very good and spacious for 4 persons, 2king size bed's,tv, a big couch and a nice bathroom.Staff very helpful.Not so expensive, very good for New York city.	
Jul 5 2009 	Excellent location rooms so-so	We stayed here for 4 nights. The location (hotel is situated in KoreaTown) was just perfect, subway was just around the corner. Staff is very friendly. Room itself was ok, but is not maintained well (under the bed was an old sock from a previous guest (!) and we were kept awake by a ticking airco (very annoying). Complimentary internet. Ok price/quality.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Location	Stayed at the hotel stanford for one week and would definately stay there again. Having stayed in new york before we chose this hotel based on location and thought that would be a compromise on standard but not at all. polite and helpful staff, clean rooms, what more do you need.	
Jun 19 2009 	Quite basic but great value	We booked a room with two single beds. Upon arrival, we upgrade for a two doble beds room. It was spacious with a little desk.Window, facing a wall, was not closing so cold got in the room.Good points: new bathroom was spotless.Breakfast is free but not so good. only bagels, coffee and orange juice.With two computers to check your mail in a little room.Elevator was slow and always busy.not very friendly at reception: we ordered a taxi the last day to get us to the airport. It was a chineese car and driver didn't understand us...	
Jun 13 2009 	A great place for a great price at a great location.	My husband and I, along with our 2 teenage daughters, stayed 5 nights in this hotel. We had one of the suites with two queen beds, a sofa bed, chair, desk, small refrigerator, flat screen TV, room safe, large closet. The bathroom appeared to have been recently and beautifully renovated, with granite floors and tile shower, separate bathtub. Though the decor of the room was a bit drab, it was very comfortable and clean. The location was great---a stone's throw from a subway entrance that we used to travel all over Manhattan. It is on a block with lots of Korean restaurants and businesses, which gave a cool international feel to the place. We were right around the corner from a deli, a cafe, a drug store, a frozen yogurt place, a couple of blocks from Macy's and Penn Station, a block from the Empire State building. Our room was on the 7th floor; we heard a little street noise but it was not bad at all. We heard no hotel noise at all. Our only mild complaints were about the loud bathroom vent fan and a small slow elevator. The bellman and front desk staff were helpful and friendly. A continental breakfast was included, which was a nice perk---however, it was very light so we stocked our fridge with some breakfast items to supplement it. Best of all, we got a great rate on this hotel through their website, including a reduced rate for the 4th night. I did tons of internet research on hotels, and this was a great find--spacious, good amenities, great location, excellent price. We would stay there again most definitely.	
May 26 2009 	Clean friendly PERFECT location.	This will be my fifth time in two years staying at the Hotel Stanford, and each time it just gets better and better. The hotel is, in my opinion in the perfect spot city wise (Located on 43 West 32nd Street,) It’s right by the Empire State Building, but still a good ten blocks away from Times Square, so it’s close enough to get to if you want to check out any shows, but far enough to get away from all the hustle and bustle.The hotel has a little café attached to it, where you are entitled to a free breakfast each morning when you show your room key. It’s not much, just bagels and donuts, but it’s still delicious and one of the few places to still offer that. The rooms include a fridge, a small walk in closet, a flat screen TV and a safe.The hotel is in the process of updating all their rooms, which is great.What I love most about this hotel is that the staff are extremely friendly and now even remember me when I go back, which I think says a lot. I admit I’m a bit of a princess when it comes to hotels, so the main thing for me was that it was clean – which it was.This hotel is nothing fancy, but it’s a lovely warm, comfortable place to stay and I have felt incredibly safe there and when in the surrounding area – even at night. Also, the rooms are extremely quiet when considering the location. I have stayed in Times Square before and after staying here, I’d never do that again!! The rooms I have stayed in have only ever had views of the wall next door, but that has become a sort of running joke with my friends and I when we stay there now, so we don’t mind it at all (we actually like that it makes the room nice and dark for us when we go to sleep.)Walking distance to Penn Station, Times Square, Manhattan Mall, Subway next door...The hotel is now on Twitter, which is a great way to keep an eye on any deals they have coming up. You can follow them here http://twitter.com/hotelstanfordWould and have recommended this hotel to friends and family.	
May 9 2009 	Great location!	I got a great deal at this hotel, and knowing what hotels are like in new york, i was worried at first, but upon arriving, Hotel stanford is really clean and friendly. the rooms were a good size with clean bathrooms. there is free internet in the second floor and free breakfast in the morning. Elevator was a bit scary but thats all. close to macys and Penn station and a lot of fun korean restaurants. Would definitely stay here again	
May 6 2009 	Second trip to NYC	Second trip was fun!!!! Thsi time I was able to do way more things . The hotel offers breakfast which is alwasy a plus becasue at least you save some money on food. This hotel is very close to macys and the esb as well as the trains and buses. I do recomend to buy a metro card to use on buses and trains. I'll rather do this than to spend money on taxis lol. Um i dunno what else to say but that I had my plans all planned out therefore I wa sable to see and go everywhere. I recommend to go by coney island and the statue of liberty and the esb which once u been there theres nothing much to go back to but all the main palces are always fun to go to. Fifth Ave is like two blocks away from the hotel adn you can always to and from fifth ave as well as times square.. well i'm a walker so i dont mind walking for those who are lazy well take a bus or a train and you'll get there. If anyone ahs any questions feel free to coantact me. By the way the hotel is in Korea town its just like three blocks of Korean people so dont get scared thinking that its like a big Korean neighborhood lol. But for sure the rooms were SMALL!!!! But at the end we only used them to sleep and shower.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great place	Great location in midtown Manhattan. Clean and suprisingly quiet rooms, friendly and helpful staff. Cheap by NYC standards. Rooms pretty small but not claustrophobic in any way. Really exceeded expectations. The included breakfast however very basic - but still better than none.	
Apr 10 2009 	Good Value	My doughter and I stayed for 8 nights at hotel Stanford two weeks ago. We find the Hotel very comfortable anc cleen. Our room at 6´th floor was at normal size and so even the bathroom. We had not expected to find the hotel so good for the cheap price. the location was perfect for shopping and sightseeing and we felt totaly safe in the neighbourhood. The service was ordinary, the staff helped us when we asked for booking shuttelservice to the airport etc. The only thing that not was so good was teh breakfast. Donuts, bagels and coffee/tea. Nothing more. But that was not a big thing. There was a lot of delis and coffeshops etc round the corner. And expecting most of NY-hotels don´t have breakfast at all, we didn´t care at all.We can recomand the hotel for everyone and would definitivley book it again.	
Apr 3 2009 	Bad experience	Our room was really scruffy - clean yes - but the furniture was torn and everything was old. Bed was comfortable though. The first night we were kept awake all night by a drunk in a neighboring room who was having a verbal fight with a prostitute then later with a 'roommate' - doors were slammed all night and the cursing and threats were vile and loud. It was horrible - we were actually scared. The staff did nothing during then night (?) but aparently threw them out the next day. If children or senior citizens had been staying on our floor it would have been a horrendous experience for them but we were able to take it I guess. The staff were always friendly and helpful as we came and went. The location is very good and the neighborhood is good too - safe etc.. But the hotel seems to attract a mixed clientele - some of whom are rather undesirable. I would not stay again - there are are better choices, more reilable choices for the $$$.	
Mar 30 2009 	Value for Train Travlers but with Concerns about Heat/Air	Pros: 1.) 3 blocks from Penn station with a VERY easy walk for train travelers.  2.) Business center for free internet use 3.) Coffee, juice, bagel or donut continental breakfast. 4.) Clean room and lobby. 5.) Decent neighborhood in Korea Town with sub way only feet away and lots of restaurants, malls and shopping. Hearld Square only two blocks and times Square a 15 minute walk. 6.) Some updates in the room with nice bath tile and very nice bath products 7.) Very good rate while we were there and they usually have a last minute rate availabie on their website. 8.) Storage to hold luggage after check out until it was time for our train.Cons: 1.) Decor and furniture are dated but this was not a biggie to us per say. 2.) One slow elevator for all floors. Not convenient so get a lower level room and take the stairs. 3.) This is the BIGGIE. There is no temperature control in the room. The heat or air are either on or off as far as we could tell. We were told our radiator could be shut off but it did NOT shut off. At times there was a fine water mist coming from the radiator. (My husband knows about heating and cooling and this was clearly broken) We told them they were wasting money to heat a room that did not need it and told them to have their maintenance ck it out which they said they would. They offered to move us but we did not want the headache so we got by with opening the windows since it was March and cool enough. With this said, I would be hesitant to stay here in the summer with no assurance that the air conditioning would work. Please ck with other reviews to see what they may say about the air in the summer.	
Mar 23 2009 	Ideal location!!!	My friend and I stayed at this hotel for 5 days last week and were given a newly decorated room on the 3rd floor, the room was a good size, the beds were very comfortable especially after long days of shopping, the bathroom was a good size too and there was a safe in the room also which is always a plus. The room was cleaned everyday also. The only negatives about the room was its location as we could always hear people in the hall, we had no view at all so the room was always dark but we were out everyday and the radiators would always make noise early in the morning waking us up but over all this hotel is perfectly located next to Macys, Victorias Secret, Gap, Forever 21, American Eagle and the Manhattan Mall. There is a subway stop just feet from the door yet Times Square is within 10 blocks of the hotel. It is very safe at night but don't venture down Broadway past 32nd street its not the best area to walk around. We never ate at Cafe Ele any morning just because we like the Delis instead as there is plenty of choice. We had lunch in Cafe Martinique around the corner from the hotel it is not worth a visit, the food is only ok and the staff are terrible. I would stay here again, its excellent value for money.	
Mar 22 2009 	ideal base for shopping!!	Myself,sister and 2 friends stayed at Hotel Stanford for 4 nights in Jan 09 and have to say was very impressed. Rooms are quiet small but perfect for dumping bags of shopping,showering and sleeping(what else do you need!!)This was my 2nd trip to NY and hotel was right in the centre of great shopping, 5th ave to left from hotel and Macys to the right.Room was very warm during the night but it was snowing and -3 degrees when we were there. Would defo stay again ,excellent staff,location and all you need for a girlie shopping trip and price is great for what you get and where it is.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great location friendly service tatty decor noisy neighbours	The location of this hotel was fantastic - round the corner from the Empire State and close to great shops - two minutes and you're on 5th Avenue. Situated in Koreatown, local restaurants are definitely worth a visit. Our stay was only marred by the tatty decor and furniture in our room (although it was perfectly clean). We had a friend stay over one night and the hotel management were happy to provide a rollaway bed for a nominal charge. Unfortunately our first night was seriously disturbed by an altercation between people on our floor - much yelling, swearing and banging of doors - as well as smoking, although the hotel was a no smoking hotel. The hotel management were very apologetic the following morning and had got rid of the troublesome guests and our subsequent nights were quiet. I'm glad I didn't have my kids with me, but all in all, it was perfectly adequate - remember that you're in New York to see New York, not the inside of your hotel room!	
Feb 26 2009 	worth it	Five friends stayed in two rooms. One room had 2 double beds, this was a newly decorated room (flat screen TV, gorgeous bathroom etc) and the girls slept well for 4 nights. The other room had one double bed and had not been newly furnished but looked fine, we did not sleep at all on the first night due to what sounded like noisy pipes. The reception staff were excellent and moved us straight away to another room which was fine. There was a fridge,a hairdryer and toilettries in each room. There was only one lift but this was not a problem, never had to wait too long. The breakfast was tea/coffee/orange juice with bagel and cream cheese (no jams/jelly) and doughnuts. There was a toaster as well. I found this fine to start off the day but after a few mornings it would probably become too boring. There is a subway a couple of doors down and it is a good location for sight seeing (as are most hotels!). Overall good room, staff, service and breakfast for the price!	
Feb 19 2009 	Really Good. Nothing to complain!	I stayed in this hotel between 28/12 - 11/01/09 and it was excellent. Room 511 was great and there is a big closet with safe box. Bed was very good. Bathroom is illuminated, hot shower with pressure. Staff is very likeable. The location it´s the best. Near of Empire State, Macys, many stores and few steps of a big subway station.The breakfast its normal but every hotel in NY don´t have it.I definitively would be there again	
Feb 16 2009 	great location good hotel would book again.	Room was small, but it was quite nicely decorated and the bed was very comfy. nice marble bathroom. the lobby has a lovely 20s art deco feel. our room was kept impeccably clean throughout our whole stay. the staff are nice enough. the location is ideal - on the same block as the empire state building, there is a subway stop about 30 feet from the front door, penn station is two blocks away etc. the only downer i can think of, and i really do not rate this as important, is that the breakfast gets boring quite quickly (bagels with cream cheese and donuts). but thats hardly a big deal. i would definitely recommend this hotel - its clean, safe, cheap, friendly and the location is fantastic.	
Jan 30 2009 	Great value and great location	Stayed in this hotel in October 2007 for the first time. Noticed great difference in October 2008. Both times we stayed in a suite. Oct 2007 was a junior suite, October 2008 they had no junior suites left and they automatically upgraded us to full suite.The hotel must have had some refurbishment since 2007, it was much nicer room. The hotel is good location for Maceys, Empire State etc. Take advantage of booking your room on last day for late checkout, its worth paying for if you have a late flight home.Just remember you are probably in New York for sightseeing or shopping, rooms are adequate for that purpose.Speedys round the corner is good for food, good value.	
Jan 23 2009 	hotel	Hotel Stanford is a great hotel for the money you're paying.Its great value.Its very central...near macys,manhattan mall,a great restaurant around the corner and a shop,american eagle and many more stores.The bedroom which we stayed in was super!We had 2 double beds,a sofa couch which turned into a pull-out bed,a tv,a recliner chair,coffee table,big wardrobe,great big bathroom with shampoos,conditioner and shower lotions.Cleanners also come and make the beds everyday and replace the sheets.On the 2nd floor there is free internet access but only with 2 computers. Breakfact is served in a cafe next to the hotal as the breakfast room is under reservations.There's bagels,diff doughnuts,muffins,croissants,tea.coffee and orange juice.we would have no problems in staying here again!	
Jan 17 2009	Really nice place to stay!!	This hotel is lovely and so central. It's in hearld square, just right across the road from Macy's. The Empire state building is only a few blocks away, also, bryant park and times square are also so close. It is so clean, the rooms are lovely. The breakfast was ok, buns and donnuts, coffee, tea, orange juice, it could have had more variety! However, I would definitely stay here again. The staff are very nice and professional. Very good hotel.	
Jan 9 2009 	border line	I stayed at the hotel Stanford for 5 nights over new years eve 2008-2009. Hotels in NYC aren’t cheap – FACT, and the Hotel Stanford stands out for being more than competitive given it’s convenient midtown location. The hotel is located bang in the middle of Korea town on W 32nd between 5th and Broadway – 1 block from the Empire State building and 1 black from Macy’s, quite a convenient location for getting just about anywhere in Manhattan, perfect if you want to do some sightseeing.From what I’d seen and read about the hotel I was quite convinced I’d found a bargain – however upon arriving in a cab outside I was a little disappointed to be greeted by a whole load of scaffolding – not a bad thing I guess but upon entering the lobby the HS felt a little ‘tired’, everything was ‘OK’ but I think I expected more. On check in the staff (mainly Korean) were efficient enough, they initially requested that we pay the bill up front but when it transpired we didn’t have the right type of plastic (the HS doesn’t accept Maestro) we were given an extra day to pay up.After checking in we made our way up to our room and couldn’t really decide if we liked it or not – it was quite large with a walk in closet, a safe and a sizeable bathroom – however, it just seemed to lack a little something, maybe age was getting the better of it, the carpet was a little worn and dirty and outside the window was nothing more than a wall meaning there was no natural light (although in fairness this made it nice and quiet). I think the main complain was just that things were a little broken down and tatty – for example the chain lock on the door obviously come off at some point and had been refitted at an ‘odd’ angle and rubbish could be seen hiding behind the radiator. In addition to this the service elevator was outside our door... so every morning we were woken up by the sounds of maids busying themselves. The internet service provided in the ‘business center’ was horrible – very slow. My only other major complaint was the heating system. At some times it must have been close to boiling point and at others freezing... the transition from one to the other was accompanied by a cacophony of clattering pipes... although I guess that isn’t unexpected in an old NYC building. In summary – I wouldn’t choose this hotel again, although in fairness – you’re in NYC.... you shouldn’t be needing to spend too much time in your hotel room anyway! When it’s considered as a cheap place to leave your stuff and take a quick sleep the HS is adequate. I think if it had been any worse I wouldn’t have been happy but as it was I was just about almost satisfied.	
Jan 8 2009 	Shopping paradise!	The location of this hotel is unbeatable with Macys, Victoria Secret and Gap literally doors away! This is an ideal hotel for a shopping holiday or to sightsee. The staff are so friendly and helpful, I cannot fault them. There is only one lift but this wasn't really an issue for us as it was pretty much always there. The rooms are adequate and clean, the cleaners are excellent in this hotel and our room was always very clean on return. The negatives! We stayed on the fourth floor and there were very strange noises, all I can describe it as is an owl stuck in a cage! It was bizzare but bearable! The breakfast isn't up to much so we had breakfast elsewhere, usually in the Martinique cafe from the Radisson, food is good but service is very slow and rude. All in all, I would most certainly stay here again, the price is unbeatable for the location.For a brilliant pub, go to Foleys bar on 33rd street, so friendly and great food!	
Dec 12 2008	Will stay here again!	Stayed here with a friend from november 28 till december 2. Hotelroom was small, but big enough to store all the stuff we bought. The bathroom was good and clean, so were the beds. The carpet was old and with staines. That's a pity, because the room was actually OK but the carpet is the first thing you see. Just one hotellift, which is actually not enough for this hotel. However, we used the elevator when it was not busy so it did'nt matter for us. Same for the breakfast, we were there once at 8.oo and once at 09.00 hour and it was not crowded at all. Breakfast was OK, just donuts, cake, coffee, tea and orangejuice, but hey, it's free! We twice have had breakfast in de Cafe Martinique just round the corner, wich was very good. Go to Speedy's at the corner when you don't like to go out for dinner. They have very good take awayfood. Subway is at the corner and a busstop (the M-bus) stops at 6th Ave. We are two ladies in their fifties, but never we feld a moment unsafe in this area. Next time we will go again to the Stanford Hotel!	
Dec 3 2008 	Perfect facilites; Great buy	Hotel room was small, but perfect with remodeled bathroom, window view, responsive staff, great location in Koreatown right at subway a block from Empire State Bldg. Stayed here Thanksgiving time 2008 at great price of $150/night including good continental breakfast. We hope to come back here again.	
Dec 3 2008 	Ideal position in New York	Stayed in the Stanford. Large room - great bed and room facs, however the view from the window was of a wall - but hey it's New York - and you don't stay in your room! Breakfast in the cafe downstairs was fine and included in the price. Staff helpful and friendly - would recommend especially in expensive New York.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great Location and staff	Meet the expected. Excelent queen room. Good value and clean. The breakfast is very simple, but justifies the price.	
Nov 22 2008 	Fine for a budget	Though I have been to NYC twice before I did not realise November is actually a peak season - to be honest this was not my hotel of choice but I ran out of affordable options.At roughly $331 a night US - which equates to $500 AUD a night this was NOT a cheap option in relation to what I would normally pay. You could get a 5 star in Australia for less than this - but I am told this is nowhere near expensive for this town and beggars cant be choosers.We had to wait whilst US customers checked in and in each case they were paying much lower rates than us and I suspect this hotel was slugging the foreigners much more in some cases. They also upgraded the couple checking in prior to us who were only staying for a few days. I may be making assumptions but it did stick in my mind.The location is excellent. Right in Midtown, next to a subway stop, near Macy's (though I wouldnt bother Macy's aint what it used to be and Saks is MUCH better) and within walking distance of everything. Try Speedys on the corner for excellent and more healthy takeaway options if you cant face another night out.I found the staff to be pleasant and helpful but the foyer space and the street frontage small and in need of a bit of a spruce up. There is one lift and yes it is slow but adequate.Our room had just been painted - and though I think was done with the best intentions it smelt horrible. We stayed for 9 nights and under the circumstances would have hoped for a better room - but as the hotel was literally at full occupancy there was no point complaining.It was small - and I mean small - not suck it up NYC hotel rooms are small, I mean I think I just got shut in the broom closet small - just enough for the supposed Queen bed (which was only a double) and table and chair and the tv. No amount of mirroring the wall was going to make it seem larger. My husband literally could not get out of his side of the bed as he hit the &quot;mirrored&quot; wall.The bathroom was ok not grotty or scummy but again not the greatest. No rats no bugs all ok in that area. Lumpy floor and dodgy electrical sockets - my father the electrician would have had a total OH&amp;S fit if he had seen the state of the power points.But the door locked properly, it didnt smell after the paint subsided and we felt safe - and TV in the US always blows us away - you must watch &quot;Extreme Loggers&quot; that is just one tiny step away from reality tv insanity.I have to say though I really did love the Backstage Dressing room lights around the bathroom mirror - very glamorous.We had no control over our room temperature and as NY has been humid of late we had to keep opening the window which introduced my main gripe. Noise and Light.We faced Korea Way which means we had flashing neons and yelling, honking and screaming 24/7 - and I mean 24/7 - who the hell eats Korean BBQ at 4am I do not know but hey its NYC! For those not familiar with such things this entire strip is full of great restaurants the deal however is they literally are open 24 hours and all sorts of exuberant people frequent them at all sorts of hours.After 44 hours of flying from the other side of the world this was just too much for my senses and I spent the next 24 hours with a serious migraine. Interesting sidebar here - you cannot buy codeine over the counter in the US - I discovered this the hard way - so bring your own from home if you are a headache/migraine sufferer like me. Another interesting sidebar - if you get really sick and need help there are walkup physicians available in some of the Duane Reades the closest to Stanford is 7th and 50th. So not that close if you are sick but worth knowing as a foreigner.House Keeping went through every day - BUT - they did not actually change the bed sheets everyday - I happened to notice a mark I made was still there 2 days later. I rationalised this in my mind by reminding myself I dont change the sheets at home every day either.The breakfast is bagels, donuts, coffee and juice. My husband was in Homer heaven - but an egg was sounding really good half way into our stay.But as many people say you are not in NYC to sit in your room and if a safe, adequate hotel room is all you are looking for then this is fine but haggle on the price if you can.I do have one gripe - the day of check out our flight was not until 9pm that night. I had yet another migraine and was facing another 36 hours on a plane. My husband went down to explain our situation and ask if we could have a later checkout. Now normally most hotels are totally ok with this and under the circumstances do not charge you - well in other countries anyway...but they wanted another $150US and would only let us stay until 3pm. I was so ill we had no choice but to cough up but the lack of understanding was genuinely disappointing.I can only hope - though this may sound mean spirited - that the economic downturn in the US forces some of these hotels to pull there heads in and charge more reasonable rates to match the level of their accommodation. I sincerely believe this is sheer opportunism gone mad in a city that needs to get stuck in and regulate its hospitality industry a bit more and enforce price structures and star ratings with a bit more zeal. If this hotel were in the UK it would be a 2 star at best and I doubt it would even get a rating in Australia or New Zealand.I can only say if you can shop around on rates do so - it will be worth it in the long run. Some hotels a bit further down - three to four blocks east on 31st were much cleaner and in much quieter areas but still totally accessible to everything - remember everywhere in NYC is just a subway stop away so dont be too taken in by the &quot;Midtown&quot; location unless you are seeing broadway shows every night.	
Nov 14 2008 	Just what we asked for	I will only be reiterating the other reviews on here, but like to get my review on here to help the hotel rating.This hotel is great for the money you pay in Midtown. Its a fantastic location, Room was plenty big enough for 2 ladies...unitl the end of the trip when the shoppin bags started to take over a bit!!Walking distance to everything you could need. Concierge to store your bags if needed and hotel staff more then helpful enough...Especially with finding a chinese not a korean take away at 2am!!The free breakfast is a bit ropey, but hey its free. We only went there once. It consisted of Rolls, bagels, doughnuts and 1 type danish pastry. then to go with these you had, phillidelphia or butter, then Tea coffe and Oj and a toaster. So very basic.Defintiely recomend this for a cheap, clean great location hotel.	
Nov 10 2008 	Modest Hotel in Great Location	I was very skeptical about spending 200 dollars to stay in midtown manhattan. I was expecting the worst, but my friend and I were going for an overnight shopping/bar hopping trip and didn't want to spend a fortune on our hotel. I was pleasantly surprised by what we found. The room was very clean, the bed was comfortable, the water was very hot with great pressure, the towels were big and thick , the staff was nice, and there was a complimentary breakfast. I really had nothing at all to complain about!! The hotel is older and the rooms are smaller, but it was perfect for what we wanted to spend and what we needed it for. Plus, there is a subway stop right on the corner which was so convenient.Don't book this hotel if you are looking for a newly updated spectactular suite to spend an extended amount of time in. Book this hotel if you want a place very centrally located that is simple, convenient, and not overly expensive. I would stay here again.	
Nov 5 2008 	Loved Hotel Stanford	Arrived at the hotel and had a lovely welcome from the staff behind the desk. Our room was ready for us and we were on the 5th floor. Had no view from our window only a brick wall but this didn't bother us at all as we had no street noise.The room was very large with a walk-in closet with a safe and a nice size bathroom. We also had a fridge which was appreciated.Complimentary breakfast was provided which consisted mainly of rolls, croissants, doughnuts and cakes. The coffee was good too.The hotel is very well situated for Empire State Building (next block), Macy's (round the corner) and Times Square which was a short walk away. There is a subway right on the corner.Cannot fault the hotel in anayway and they even went out of their way to ensure we could keep our room until 5.00 p.m. (for an extra charge) as we had a late flight home.Excellent stay with very helpful staff, would definitely recommend this hotel to family and friends and when I come to NY again will definitely stay there.	
Nov 3 2008 	Good value well located Hotel	This was my wife's second year in succession to stay here and my first along with our four kids. The hotel has two advantages - it is well located within a 100 m of both Maceys and the Empire State building and within 20 m of a metro stop. The hotel is on 32nd St. (Korea Way) and seems to be Korean run and I found the staff particularly friendlly and helpful, particualrly the reception staff. A limited breakfast is also provided as part of the price although the breakfast room is way too small to accomodate the numbers. My only other complaint with the hotel is the lift. There are twelve floors with 15 rooms per floor and just one lift that can hold a max of eight people. Thankfully I was on the sixth floor and could walk the flights down and up and not the twelfth. For value, location and friendly staff, however, I would stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 3 2008 	You Get What You Pay For	This hotel is in a great location and was a good price at $299 mid-week for NYC. The front desk staff was very friendly and the continental breakfast was a nice plus. Having said that, I would not stay here again. The best thing I can say about the room is &quot;nothing crawled on me&quot; (and it was the kind of place where the first thing you do is check for bugs). The rooms were small and old (and I understand this is an old NYC hotel). The bathroom was a little grimy and the heating element woke me frequently during the night with a loud jackhammer-type noise that the front desk could do nothing about (again, its a OLD building). There is one very small very slow elevator for 12 floors. All in all--I slept with the light on.	
Oct 27 2008 	Great location clean and friendly	This is lovely hotel and well located near 34th st for shopping and also for access to buses and trains. Plenty of places nearby for eating out. Breakfast is nice and enough to set you up for the day....would recommend to a friend..	
Oct 24 2008 	Great Hotel For The Money You Pay!!! Would Go Back	This hotel is fantastic value for money, you are right in the heart of NYC. You are a short walk away from many attractions such as Madison Square Garden,Broadway (Hairspray was great),the flatiron and the Empire State Building is right round the corner. Penn Station is is right on you doorstep if you feel you have walked the city enough! The only thing that wasn't that great was the breakfast but for the money you pay to stay here i didn't expect much, you pay for the location.The Hotel is clean and tidy and everything you could want. I would recommend this to a friend and i would go back and stay in the hotel Stanford again.Leanne Scotland	
Oct 24 2008 	Great location good service	Very good location, a few blocks from Penn Station &amp; The Empire State Building. The staff was very friendly. They arranged a shuttle bus to the airport for me. Although the lady at the reception was insisting on taking a cab, which is 3 times more expensive, I asked another receptionist about the shuttle bus the following day, and he booked it immediately. I was staying on the 9th floor, at the back side of the hotel. Very quiet room, but pretty small compared to the other hotels I stayed in during my US trip. Breakfast was in the cafetaria next to the hotel. I always had to wait 15 - 20 minutes to be seated. A $10 'penalty' is charged if you take food outside the hotel (which is quite stupid if you only want to take one croissant with you, for instance when you don't want to stand in the waiting line to be seated).	
Oct 21 2008 	Fantastic shopping location!	We stayed at the stanford hotel in October. We had been to NY before, yet stayed further out, so this time we wanted to be closer to the main area. And that is exactly what we got! The hotel is about 10 steps away from a subway, and just around the corner from Macys. Everything is close and easily accesible. Our holiday was for shopping mainly, and the hotel's location was ideal for buying things and taking them back to the hotel before starting again! Rooms were a bit dated, but ok. We were very pleased by the fact that the hotel had a safe in the room. Breakfast was provided in the cafe attached to the hotel, which consisted of pastries; bagels and coffee and tea. The food was good, and was repelenished often by staff, who were polite. Overall, I would recommend this hotel for it's fantastic location.	
Oct 3 2008 	Great location nice hotel	Stayed in the Stanford hotel for 2 nights in mid September. Location could not be better, 2 minute walk to Macys and 10 minutes to Times square. I booked a queen room which was larger than I expected with a wall view. The bathroom was a little tired but clean. Coffee,Juice and doughnuts and Bagels were nice in the morning as part of the deal. Would definitely reccomend this hotel.	
Sep 17 2008	Great hotel and location	I stayed from Sept 1-Sept 6. I read the reviews and was a bit apprehensive about the air conditioner but I had a great room at the Stanford Inn. I stayed in room 810 and it had 2 double beds and it was comfortable for my daughter and I. For 4 people, it might be a bit tight.Everything worked as it should be and the beds were comfortable. The bathroom was clean and the water flow was great. The location of the hotel was close to everything. A few doors down the hotel, there was a grocery store so you could buy water to keep in the fridge that the hotel provided you. it was 2 blocks from Macy, close to all the shops and restaurants, about 10 blocks to Theater area ( it was not as far as it sound and it was a great walk with shops and lots of things to watch) and the subway was a few steps away. I bought a $25 subway ticket for 7 days for both subways and bus so I walked and used the subway, bus to everywhere. My daughter loved the Broadway shows so we stood in line to get the discount tickets everyday. The Wicked show did not have discount tickets but it was worth the full price. We saw Phantom of the Opera, Grease and Wicked and Wicked was our favorite show. The only thing that the hotel was not very helpful was on what to see and what was the best way to see it. But they had a lot of weekly free magazines with activities so you can plan for your time. I would stay at the Stanford inn hotel again next year.	
Aug 23 2008 	great budget hotel in a great location	this is a great budget hotel for a short trip to NY. its in a great location, 10 mins walk to the Empire State, go at night its beautiful3 mins walk to Macys (ask for the 11% visitors discount card!)a subway station two steps from the door15/20 mins walk to times sq and theatre district10 mins from madison Sq Gardensthe hotel is not luxury but its clean and the room was big enough for two girls and all their shopping! the decor is old fashioned but at the price I was paying its great. Our window looked onto a brick wall so we didnt open the curtains but we were really only sleeping and showering there. The complimentary breakfast was minimal but welcome and handy for saving the pennies if you are on a budget. Speedys deli across the street is great for salads, bagels, hot food, fruit, eat in or take out.the staff were very nice and helpful and the free internet acess is great on floor 2. Hint try to get a room on a lower flor as there is only one small lift which gets very busy.For a buget hotel I cant fault it and I would go back. they are in the process of renovating the bar lounge area so that will probably ad even more to it as it would have been nice to relax after a days shopping with a nice drink!	
Aug 12 2008 	Extremely Pleased With This Hotel	The Hotel Stanford is a beautiful hotel and in a very convenient location. It's a narrow building, but you enter into a very nice lobby with a lovely crystal lighting arrangement in the ceiling that sets the tone for a high-class hotel. There's just one small elevator, but there is also a narrow staircase if you don't want to wait.The staff were extremely friendly and willing to help, and the room was surprisingly large for a New York hotel. One wall was mirrored which may have made it seem larger, but we also had a dresser, a table and chairs, a small refrigerator, and a fair-sized closet with its own safe, which you program with your own code. The bathroom was larger than most of the others we had during our trip, which was unexpected and appreciated. The TV didn't get a lot of channels, but it was enough considering we spent most of our time out anyway. We were lucky to have a street view room with two windows, but many rooms appeared to be right against other buildings.The breakfast selection was limited, but nice if you just want to grab something quick before getting out to enjoy the city. The staff there were friendly and helpful as well.There's a subway station on the corner and the Empire State Building is just a block away. There are convenience stores and restaurants nearby, and a parking garage right across the street which offers preferred rates to guests of the hotel - which was the real selling point for us. (I do NOT recommend driving in Manhattan unless you really know what you're doing - it was definitely an adventure! - lol) Just make sure to get your parking validated when you check out. We walked back to the hotel from Times Square (via the Empire State Building) and it didn't take long. We did the hop-on, hop-off bus tour, which I highly recommend as well. (Note: our tour guide told us you can take the Staten Island ferry and see the Statue of Liberty closer for free - wish we'd known that before we bought advanced tickets!)The price was great for New York options, although expensive compared to other cities. We paid $189 per night plus $36 per night at the garage for our truck (it's $26 for a car). For the convenience and comfort, though, it was worth it.	
Jul 25 2008 	Just perfect	My friend and I stayed in this hotel for 6 days and everything was great. Very friendly and helpful staff, nice breakfast with fresh bagels and dougnuts, coffee, tea, milk and juice. Normaly I don't eat breakfast but I love bagels and it gives you an perfect start of a busy NY shopping day.The room was not big but clean and quit, with a small fridge and a safe in the closet. A clean bathroom with bath and shower and fresh towels every day. The room has no view, but we were only there for the night so that didn't bother us. The airco worked just fine.I fell in love at The City and staying in this hotel helped a great deal with that because everything was just perfect.The location is great to because, Fifth Avenue, Madison Avenue, Macy's , The Empire State Building it's all just around the corner.The best way to see NY is by foot, so put on your sneakers and go.	
Jul 6 2008 	Stanford Hotel good hotel for a right price in NYC	Located in midtown of Manhattan.200metres from Empire State Building.Very clear and comfortableAir conditioned working wellSafe box on room includedSimple breakfast included with hot coffee (american), bread, milk, tea, orange juice, croissant, butter and cheese.Only jam was missing.Internet free access.Referring the price: very goodconsidering the hotel rates in NYC.I suggest to everybody budget travellers	
Jul 4 2008 	Excellent!	My friend and I had a lovely stay at the Stanford. Close by to main attractions, very convenient. The room was clean &amp; simple, just perfect, you're only there to sleep! The staff was very friendly, the breakfast was absolutely fine (sometimes it got really crowded, but no big problems there). We are already planning our next trip to New York and we will definitely stay at the Stanford!	
Jun 29 2008 	Great Location good service	I give it 5 stars for its excellent location. It is near the subway, Penn Station, Broadway, Macy's and F&amp;B outlets. I booked a twin room. It looks exactly as it does on the hotel website. It's a little small but who cares if you are just there to crash? Unfortunately, it had two windows, both of which faced a brick wall 4 or 5 feet away. I am claustrophobic so I asked to change to a 'room with a view'. I had to upgrade to do that. I was given a double room. At least it looked out to the street below and the windows let in more light. For $10 more, excluding tax, it was worth it and the staff was courteous and professional enough to not think I was giving them more work by swapping rooms.Breakfast was nothing great - just bread rolls and orange juice, tea or coffee. There was no cereal, eggs, or bacon. The breakfast everyone else talks about is served at Martinique Cafe which is just round the corner from the hotel. If you want a leisurely full breakfast, go there. It's a great place to hang out.	
Jun 29 2008 	Nice Hotel in right place	As others have said it is a nice, clean hotel and being nearly nextdoor to the Empire State Building is in just the right place. The small downsides if I am being picky are just one lift, which gets very busy in the mornings. Breakfast, whilst adequate is not fantastic, bagels, rolls and cake - my gripe is no jam! I love grape jelly. It is served in one end of the cafe that is attached to the hotel. This space is just not big enough. They have another room which is being renovated at the moment (June 08) I don't know if this is normally used for breakfast. My final criticism is that the air conditioning is controlled centrally somehow. I would prefer contol to be in the room.Regardless of my criticisms I would recommend the hotel and I would stay there again.	
Jun 15 2008 	Great Location	My friend and I stayed here for 3 nights. It was great. The subway is right outside the Hotel. Very easy to get about. The hotel is next to the Empire State Building, Macy's and Penn Station. There is a little seating area across the road to sit and watch the world go by.The complimentary breakfast was good. Our room was quiet so we had a good sleep.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great location does what it says on the tin	Fantastic location near Macy's, underground station, Madison Square garden. Rooms very clean and beds comfortable. Could do with redecorating though (stains on carpets and walls rather scuffed). Didn't have a great experience of the breakfasts as they have it in a very small cafe and we had to wait for somebody else to get hurried on before we could get a seat at their table. Breakfast was ok (bagels, croissants, bananas, apples, bread rolls) but felt a bit hurried due to the limited number of tables.However all in all this is great value for money in a fantastic location. I'd stay there again.	
Jun 1 2008 	nice hotel!	I stayed 6 night in this hotel, and I really like it. The staff are very friendly and polite, and the rooms are clean.I have looked for a lot's of hotels before decided to book this one. And I don't regret it. The cost/benefit was great. It's have a great location.Even thought is a simple hotel, I believe that they provide the essencial things for a good stay. Clean rooms, cordial staff, and great location. I would stay there again.	
May 26 2008 	Nice clean excellent location friendly staff	The location is superb, near Macy's, a metro station right in the corner. Rooms are clean, big bathroom, wonderful bathtub to relax after a long sightseeing day. Complementary breakfast is wonderful to start the day. Staff is friendly, as well as maids. We will certainly go back!! I've read other reviews and we had no problem with the AC, it worked perfectly. Room was fresh every time we came in.	
May 21 2008 	Good budget hotel	Clean rooms, comfortable but smallish but had a lovely ensuite. No tea and coffee making facilities in the room even though it said that there was. Great coffee shop next door with nice well priced coffee which made up for it. The coffee shop was also where we had the complementary breakfast (which we thought was not inlcuded in the price) which consisted of bread and cakes and plenty of coffee, tea and OJ. Fridge in room.Staff were very helpful, giving directions on an excellent map. Great location, we could see the Empire State building from our room.Overall very pleased	
Apr 28 2008 	great stay at stanford	stayed here from apr 10th to 14th.rooms were clean and larger than i expected for nyc, the fridge was a bonus, there also was a safe which was handy for personal items.our room was on the 12th floor looking out on 33rd st, but hey who goes to new york to sit in their room???? i loved the bath and body works toiletries. the front desk staff were always smiling and very helpful as were the maids. the location is perfect, macy's and manhattan mall around the corner, only 10 blocks to times sq and around the block from the ESB. check out speedy's deli (LOVED speedy's)across the street for some fantastic food and jamba juice at the other end of the block (on 5th) for some yummy smothies.the subway was at the end of the block for trips further afield.the only bad thing was the heat in the room, it was a bit stuffy at times and the thermostat didn't work so we couldn't turn it down!all in all we had a fantastic trip to NYC which was made better by the fantastic location of the stanford	
Apr 24 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed in The Stanford hotel for 3 nights, from April 10th to 13th 2008. This hotel's location is perfect. Close to great stores and a nice deli across the street!. Friendly staff and a really comfy room with lots of space and a fridge. I would highly recommend this hotel to visitors of NYC.	
Apr 22 2008 	Nce affordable accommodation	Ideally located, only a couple mins away from macy's. Room very comfy and clean, only problem was very noisy central heating system at night. Hotel staff were friendly. Perfect for those visiting on a shopping trip as it is within walking distance of shops. Adequate breakfast provided aswell, tea, coffee, juice, fruit, buns.. would def go back if vistiting nyc again	
Apr 10 2008 	clean and convenient	We just got back from a 7 day stay at the Stanford Hotel. Location was convenient, subway literally on the same corner and great places to eat in the morning. The hotel breakfast was below average, but they did have cornflakes and bananas, croissants (no jam), and some pastries. Our first impression of our 11th floor room was &quot;it's clean&quot;, we definitely enjoyed the Bath and Body lotions and shampoos. There was a bit of stuffiness to the room and its true that we couldnt ever get the AC on, however we just left our window open and that was sufficient. I dont think we could have stayed here come summer time. Definitely inquire about the air conditioner, maybe they just dont turn them on this time of year. Overall for the price and location it was great.	
Apr 7 2008	ideal for a girlie shopping trip	Stayed here for 4 nights in april. i organised the trip for myself, my sister and 21yr old neice for her birthday treat. we had a great trip. the hotel exceeded my expectations - it's brillaint value for money (we all stayed in one room), the location was ideal - for shopping and to see all the sights (and it was a 'safe' area) and staff were friendly and helpful. I'd recommend it to others - but bear in mind it is only a 2/3 star!	
Mar 28 2008 	Best hotel for shopping holiday	I have been here many times and it is the perfect hotel to go to for a shopping holiday. Its 2 minutes away from Macys and 34th Street so perfect for heading back with bags of purchases, sit down, relax for a bit before hitting the shops againStaff are extremely friendly and will do anything to help you. we have had a couple of times where our room is too hot, but once we say it to reception they fix it for us so its never been an issue.Breakfast is perfect too, pastries, toast, cereal, what more do you want! :) the breakfast room can get a little overcrowded at times but since its a buffet style breakfast people are there no longer than 20 minutes before they are gone againrooms are nice, clean and spacious. I recently stayed in a supposedly superior hotel last week in NY by times square, double the price of the Stanford Hotel (it was free tho, thats why i went) and I would never go back. Rooms were tiny and we had so many problems with the rooms too. Not good at allI would definitely recommend the Stanford Hotel if you are looking for something central, cheap, or somewhere good for shopping	
Feb 29 2008 	Perfect location	This hotel is in a perfect location to see the many sights and right in the heart of Manhattan. Just one minute or so to the nearest underground, Madison Square Gardens, the Empire State Building, Broadway theatre land and Times Square are all about 10 minutes walk away. There is a cafe adjoining the hotel entrance on one side and a bar on the other. Didn't venture into the bar but the cafe is perfect for getting that last minute latte on the go! The hotel reception staff are friendly and the maids are too. The breakfast is alot to be desired though - abit of a let down - plastic cutlery and paper plates, paper cups etc!! The breakfast is from 7.30am until 10am, it is best to get in the queue by 7.30am otherwise there will be no seats left. There's the usual breads, cereals and fruit, tea, coffee and orange juice-nothing too grand but just enough to set you up until lunchtime. Our room was fairly small for a double, the bed seemed small for a UK double too. The rooms are so hot and the thermastat didnt seem to work, we had to sleep with the window open but can be quite noisy - all in all though, great hotel, perfect location, amazing city!	
Feb 24 2008	Sleep Depravation	Unlike its online description, the hotel is below average in every way. There is no lobby, the rooms are in desperate need of updating, the staff barely speaks English, and they are not willing to accommodate guest’s needs. Most frustrating was the sauna like temperature of the hotel. The rooms have individual climate controls that don’t work, and the hotel's central heater, which is not controllable from the room, was continuously blowing hot air, which hovered at 82 degrees. The room was so hot that we didn’t sleep all night even with window wide open to the winter air. After complaining I was assured that the heat would be turned down. But again and again nothing happened. On the 2nd night I was finally pushed to the point that I wouldn’t leave the front desk until they actually acted on their multiple promises. Stay here only if you want to waste your time fighting with the staff just to get a night's rest.	
Feb 24 2008 	Great hotel can't fault it!	Before arriving at Hotel Stanford, our expectations were based on the (relatively low) price we paid through Hotels.com. However, upon arrival these expectations were greatly exceeded and we found a fantastic though low-key hotel in a perfect midtown location with all the services and amenities you would expect from a much more expensive lodging.The staff at the front desk, as well as the catering and cleaning staff and the doorman were all very friendly and went out of their way to support and help us during our visit. At one point we requested to change rooms due to the clanging pipes noise throughout the night. Our room was switched without incident (although unfortunately the same noise in the new room!) - and this didn't at all spoil our stay.The hotel was very clean and rooms were made up every day, with fresh towels and toiletries provided. Loved the shower gel from Bath &amp; Body Works!The best thing about the hotel is the location. It is adjacent to the 34th St subway stop and only 2 blocks from Empire State Bldg, which we could see from the window of our room. Second best was the size of the rooms - much, much bigger than we had expected in New York and the biggest of any city-centre hotel I've stayed in.Breakfast was good - a great selection of cereal, toast, bagels, doughnuts, pastries and fruit, with hot and cold drinks. Transport to and from the airports can also be arranged, as well as entry to some of the city's attractions.In order to address complaints over the elevator, I would simply like to comment that in some European city hotels, you would be lucky to have an elevator at all, and often you would have to walk up several flights of stairs. Although admittedly not the fastest elevator in the world, it far from ruins the experience of the hotel!We could not have had a better stay in New York, and I would definitely return to Hotel Stanford.	
Jan 30 2008 	Good Place Great Price	This hotel is in a wonderful location (Herald Square) near subway. Went on a 3 day vaca. with no kids (wife and myself). Room was small but very clean and clean private bathroom. Fridge in room was very handy. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Also affordable parking ($25/day) across street if you are a guest. Only downside was slow elevator and our room was smoking when we wanted nonsmoking. Also the continental breakfast was minimal, but we didnt get there until the end. Downsides not a big deal.	
Jan 11 2008 	Once again the Stanford was great value for money clean and well located	We stayed at the Stanford for 3 nights in December. I had previously stayed in the hotel in 2006 and was again pleased that for the money, the rooms were clean, relatively modern and had all basic facilities including a room safe, small fridge, flat screen TV etc... The only problem was one of the double beds in the room which had a tilted mattress (too many overweight visitors in the past?). I reported this to the hotel reception who were apologetic and it was fixed by the end of the day. Excellent service.I would stay in this hotel again and recommend it for location and value for money.	
Jan 10 2008 	Excellent Location - Nice Hotel	My Boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel over the Chritmas Period. The hotel is in an excellent location for shoppers as it is located at the door step of Macy's &amp; Manhattan Mall. The Empire state building is at the rear of this hotel, penn station is a 2 minute walk and it is a 10 minute walk from times square &amp; 5th avenue heart of shopping. We stayed on the 7th floor. The room was small including the bathroom. We had to sleep with the window open all night as we could not control the room tempeture. It was very stuffy! As there is only one lift in this hotel which only holds 8 persons it is very slow at peak times. When we were departing this hotel with our suitcases, we had to wait 20 minutes on the lift!!! A real pain. The staff were pleasant. There is an excellent resturant around the corner of this hotel which is facing Manhattan Mall (can't think of the name of it). We had breakfast here every morning and it was great. Great menu and fast service.	
Jan 6 2008 	Pleasant Stay!	Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Hotel Stanford. All the employees we had contact with were very pleasant and eager to assist us. We stayed in a standard room on the 7th floor at the back of the building. Our room was very clean, quiet and had ample space for 2 women visiting for a shopping trip. The continental breakfast had something basic for every taste. And, the location is ideal as the hotel is within walking distance of Macy's and the other shops at Herald Square and the entrance is only steps from the subway line.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great location not so great service	I stayed with a friend at the Hotel Stanford in Dec for 3 nights.My first choice would have been the Hilton Garden Inn but due to Dec being really busy it was not available so we decided to go with the Stanford Hotel.When we got the Hotel we were disappointed. The Reception area didn't look very nice at all and was cold and quite empty looking. The staff were friendly but spoke little English and it was hard for us to just check in! The room was ok - clean and comfortable. Nothing special but then we wasn't expecting anything fantastic it was all we needed and was quite comfortable. The room and the bathroom were of a good size and had a TV and Dining table in there. The only problem was the noise but then this is New York City and that was to be expected!! The location was fantastic - just around the corner from the Emipire State Building and Macys so it was really good.I was SHOCKED by the included breakfast!! They had NO MILK!!! So you couldn't have a cup of Tea or Coffee or even some cereal!! Seemed pretty strange! When another guest asked for milk the staff didn't understand her and just shook their heads! So we thought well we cant have cereal we will just have toast....but...there was NO BUTTER!! or anything to put on the toast! The only thing we could have were cream filled chocolate doughnuts!We made a sharp exit and went to a cafe around the corner from the hotel which did lovely typical American breakfast! We then ate breakfast here for the rest of our stay!On the last two days there were some lovely staff on the reception desk who were really helpful with our queries. If you are looking for a great location and comfortable, clean rooms then this would be brilliant.	
Jan 6 2008 	great value	Just came back from the Hotel Stanford. Can't beat it for the price. Great location - near Macy's, Madison Square Garden, and two steps from a subway stop. Ask at the front desk and they will let you know about special Hotel Stanford rates at the internet cafes across the street. The room is small but clean and the staff is friendly. The continental breakfast has toast, danishes, bagels, cereal, bananas and apples. All in all, I'd go back in a second!	
Jan 4 2008 	Modest and well located	We stayed here for five nights over Christmas. Given that I booked our holiday quite late, I don't know if the price we paid was value for money, but I found the rating that other TripAdvisor reviewers had given Hotel Stanford to be quite appropriate.Our room was smallish but comfortable. It was furnished well enough that we could unpack and make ourselves feel at home. It did however tend to feel quite stuffy at times despite it being winter. We tried fiddling with the thermostat to no avail. The bathroom was fine. There was no real view to speak of other than a narrow slice of buildings uptown!The housekeeping was good and the service provided by the rest of the hotel staff was just fine as well. We never went to the breakfast area so I can't comment on that.Now the location is really fantastic, especially for first-time visitors to NYC. If I go back I'll definitely endeavour to stay somewhere with a bit more 'cred' like the Village, but at the Stanford you are right in the heart of Midtown. The Empire State Building is right around the corner, as is Macy's if you fancy some shopping. The new home of the Second Avenue Deli is a few blocks to the east, we had a great Christmas Day breakfast there! Times Square is just a few blocks north. Plenty of subway stations nearby, plus Penn Station and Grand Central Terminal a little further away. And its an area that I expect is always a little busy so you could consider it to be pretty safe (as all of NYC is these days).The only annoying thing about the Stanford was how tedious it was getting up and down in the single elevator during peak periods (we were on the 11th floor). If you are closer to the ground and are able, I'd take the stairs! If you do have to wait for the elevator on the ground floor, don't forget to check out the framed letters from 1927 written on the hotel letterhead when it was the Hotel Alcazar.	
Dec 27 2007	Stanford stay	The Hotel stanfor was a nice experience. It wasn't an extrodinary hotel but nice to say the least. For the price the service wasn't that great but it did have its perks and falts. The check in was bumpy the front desk clerk barly could speak english and then a hidden expence of 100 dollar was added for something. He wasn't a plesant man at all. Then we got to our room it was nice but the bathroom was held together by duck tape. Weird. However there was a great bellman/ housekeeper that should be running the place his name was Victor and he made our stay a much pleasanter experience. The location was great! The continental breakfast was nice however not well kept. It was out of juice the milk was warm and the room it was in was way to small. All though there was some bumps it was a great time.	
Dec 24 2007	Ideal Location	Stayed in room 308, a double double room for 3 nights. There were four girls on a shopping trip and it was ideal.This was my fourth time in NY so I've experienced other hotels, and paid a higher price!The room was a good size, 2 dbl beds, and a pull out sofa, a fridge and tele.The breakfast starts at 7.30, this consited of cereals, bagels, croissants, juice, tea etcThe bathroom was small but did the job, the shower wasnt very powerful but after twiddling with it, it worked fine.The hotel is 2 mins walk from Macys, we got the sub to ground Zero and Century 21 and this was just a short stroll away,If your looking for cheap and cheerful this is your hotel!	
Dec 4 2007 	Excellent value	I've just got back from staying at this hotel and found it excellent value for money adn in a wonderful location. OK there's only one lift which can get a bit tiresome but you never have to wait that long so chill. Our double double was a good size for New York with very comfortable beds, plenty of storage space, a fridge and good maid service.I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a clean, comfortable, convenient budget hotel.	
Nov 24 2007 	Good location old but in good condition	It has been really a problem to find good value hotels in New York City. Stanford is old, but the average condition of all items is ok. The rooms (and the bathrooms) are big; no problem if you want to stay with your family of 4 (I’ve stayed with my wife, son and niece). It is located in the street of the Korean community (you will find many people on the street all the time and it is ok if you want to walk around late at night). It is very close to the Empire State Building and 2 corners from Macy’s, the Madison Square Garden and 2 subway stations.But if you like to have breakfast in the hotel, forget about… In the Stanford the breakfast is served in a small bar inside the hotel and it is almost impossible to get a place to sit.	
Nov 8 2007 	Never mind the roache(s)	We are a family of four (including two teenagers) that stayed for 5 nights between Oct 30 - Nov 4. Got room 815 with 2 queen sized beds and one &quot;folding sofa&quot;. Large room with nice bathroom, small fridge and a TV-set that worked okay. Good cleaning. No problem getting extra towels when we needed. Paid $1950, i.e. almost $400/night, inclding all taxes. The hotel tried to charge a $100 extra but when I asked for the original price they managed to find my booking and I got a that price. Friendly staff in reception and doormen. Complimentary breakfast was nothing fancy but you got your cereals, some fruit, toast of different kinds, bagels, donuts, coffe/tea/juice. NB! Not a lot of space in the breakfast room, avoid rush hours. After finishing breakfast we went down to the lobby and took the elevator from there since it took long time to wait for the elevator outside the brakfast room (on the first floor). Location of Hotel Stanford is perfect when visiting New York. You got everthing around the corner; i.e. Empire State Building, just go left outside hotel entrance and left around the block (be there early!). Subway is 20 meters away (34th street station with 32nd street stairs, which is good to know the first time you go by subway to the hotel). I would go back and stay again just for the location. And never mind the roaches (yes, we saw a couple in the hotel), they are just part of a traditional New York experience!	
Nov 4 2007 	Exactly what we needed for our holiday	We stayed for 5 nights at the Hotel Stanford during October 2007. We were three 20 something girls who came to New York for a shopping trip. The hotel was exactly what we needed. It was very central, perfect location. It was 5 min walk to Macy's and 10 mins to time square. There was a subway stop right outside the hotel. For us, we basically wanted somewhere clean, safe and central and this certainly delivered. It has been recently refurbished (although not necessarily to my tastes!!!) but was spotless. The room was big enough for the 3 of us to share (2 double beds) and was very cheap. I think we paid £240 each for the 5 nights. Originally we booked for 6 nights but BA was overbooked so we got compensated £420 each to stay in london in a hotel and returned the following day to the airport with our shopping money! The hotel staff were very nice and refunded our first nights stay with proof from BA. The bathroom was very clean and new and the shower was massive with a large &quot;raindrop&quot; head. We stayed on the 5th floor and could not hear a thing. The air con hums at night but this was fine for us. There is a new flat screen tv in the room. Also, there was a small window which looked out to another building so you never saw any natural light but we didn't mind as we just had the room for sleeping. All in all, I would definately stay there again, especially if you want to save more money for shopping!!	
Oct 31 2007 	Perfect Location	Stayed in this hotel for a week of shopping and sightseeing in March and found it to be very reasonably priced in a perfect location. Subway stop right at the door, Macys just around the corner and in the unique location of Korea Town. room was a decent size, lots of wardrobe space for shopping! Bathroom was also a good size. TV had a good variety of channels and room was cleaned on a daily basis. Stayed on the 13th floor so no noise! Would definetly recommend this hotel as a base for a week of fun in New york City!	
Oct 17 2007 	We loved this hotel!	My daughter (age 11) and I stayed here in August 2007 for three nights and we loved it.The location is perfect: two blocks from the Empire State Building and one from Macys, and bus and subway stops nearbly to anywhere you want to go. We really felt we were right in the middle of New York.The rooms are not huge, but perfectly fine considering the very reasonable price, and with everything you need: telephone, television, good drawer and desk space, well- equiped bathroom, and clean. The view from the window showed enough New York skyline to keep us happy.Staff were unfailingly kind, polite and helpful. Breakfast takes place in the karaoke bar (no music, just breakast news!). Smiling staff hand out cardboard plates, and there is an adequate selection of tea and coffee, cereals and bagels, and , to my daughter's delight, chocolate doughnuts!Our fellow travellers were mostly a mixture of Koreans (it is situated in Little Korea) and Europeans, including several Italians, and family groups.I would definitely come back again and bring the rest of the family.	
Oct 17 2007	Ideal Location for shopping and sight seeing	I have to say that we enjoyed our stay at Hotel Stanford. It is ideally located. Exit the hotel to your left is 5th Avenue and to your right is Broadway, with Macy's, Gap, H&amp;M, Forever 21, Payless, Manhattan Mall and many more just around the corner, we couldn't believe our luck. Penn Station is only 15 minutes walk away and metro only around the corner. The reception staff were extremely helpful. The breakfast was good nothing exciting, no pancakes......... but the restaurant in Radisson next door do fab pancakes!!!! The only down side to the hotel is there is only one lift to at least 12 floors but just be patient. The bedrooms are basic like every hotel in NYC, the beds were really comfortable, shower fab nice and strong and the rooms were cleaned every day. Overall we enjoyed our stay and will go back.	
Oct 1 2007 	Mixed feelings about the experience	I have mixed feelings about my experience at the Hotel Stanford. On the plus side, the price is very reasonable for Manhattan and the room was very clean. The location is convenient to the subway and to a number of downtown attractions such as the Empire State Building and Macy's. My husband and I were in town to attend a wedding at the Marble Collegiate Church, and the Hotel Stanford was a short three block walk from the church, which was a major factor in our decision to stay at the hotel. There are, however, other hotels on 32nd Street (they were full when we booked) that might be equally convenient without some of the drawbacks.On the other hand, while the room was clean, it was extremely small. There was barely enough room for one of us to move sideways around one side of the bed. The air conditioning in the room was anemic at best, and the room felt stuffy the entire time we were there. It's central air conditioning and, when the street noise became too much, I found myself wishing for the white noise effect that an in-room unit would have provided in addition to keeping the temperature more bearable.We came in on Thursday night for the wedding and were looking forward to watching the season premier of The Office after dinner. Apparently, according to the bellhop who responded to my call, the antenna on the top of the building doesn't get NBC at all, so no rooms in the hotel get that station on their TVs. He did, however, proudly point out the excellent reception on CNN, which didn't really help at that point. All in all, it's a decent budget hotel in a good location.	
Sep 19 2007 	Good value good location but noisy	We were pleasantly suprised by the the Stanford. We stayed for four nights in mid Sept 2007. It was good value for money as the room was clean and large, the bed was comfortable and the location was excellent (very near Macy's, and a 15 minute walk to Times Square). The detractions were noise (got ear plugs) and possibly some exposure to cigarette smoke (but I am very sensitive). For more info on these see below. Overall though we were happy with what we got and would stay there again or recommend it to friends who do not want to pay top dollar.Noise: I would suggest trying to get as high a floor as possible and/or a room not facing the street due to noise. We were on the third floor facing the street and after the first night we bought ear plugs as this is definitely the city that never sleeps! We were fine in terms of noise after that, and the curtains were heavy so we could sleep in if we wanted. The only other issue was that although we were told it was a non-smoking room, I am very sensitive and woke up the first couple of mornings with my sinuses bothering me and slightly puffy eyes. There was a cigaratte burn in the comforter and I detected a slight musty smell I associate with cigarettes in the corridor and possibly also in the room, so I think there may have been some residual cigarette smoke. However, I could also have been reacting to other things such as cleaning products or pollution - this has happened (and been worse) in hotels in other major cities.Check in and out was very friendly and efficient.Room was very good, everything extremely clean, good daily cleaning; furniture in pretty good condition; suprisingly good room size (king size deluxe), much bigger than we are used to for the money; very comfortable bed and pillows; excellent bathroom, lots of towels and good toiletries, although the fan was incredibly noisy.We took our laptop and paid to have broadband access in our room, very convenient.My husband tried the breakfast one day - it was in the bar area and there was not enough seating for everyone who wanted to eat. I think the food was your basic pastries, cereal and fruit, not a 'cooked' breakfast. The cafe on the ground floor was closed for renovation.We did not try the Korean food but our friends told us the hotel's restaurant is one of the best. We tried a Vietnamese place down the street that was very good.Very good location, within walking distance of lots of important tourist sites and shopping.	
Sep 10 2007 	Perfectly Acceptable--Not the Ritz but very affordable and Clean	OK--After reading the reviews on the rest of this site I was very afraid to stay here, but I didn't really have any options. I had training scheduled in NYC and this is where the place booked me. If I wanted my company to pay, here's where I'd stay. Well let me preface this by saying, I am a neat freak. I can't eat out of communal bowls of food or shower in a bathroom that is not clean. Well, perhaps the people before this review had a bad room--I know they are renovating . . . But my room was perfectly fine. For the price, you can't expect any better. The room was clean and well maintained. The bathroom was spotless save some mildew in the corners of the shower--no big deal--mildew happens--we're not eating out of the shower people . . .Sheets were clean and smelled fine--whole room passed the sniff test. Check in went smoothly--maybe 10 minutes tops.Water pressure was fine. I think the people before were just too stupid to know how to use the shower. It has three handles--very strange--but if you figure out how each one works it's not a problem. The issue is that the shower head and the spout can be on at the same time. Because of this it may seem like there is no watter pressure--however, if you just turn off the spout the shower head is fine. Perhaps the hotel was bad in the past, but I found that the people were friendly, the accomodations were clean and acceptable, and was close to everything--incluiding several subways...Final note--would I stay here by choice? Probably not--I'd probably shell out a little more and stay somewhere a little nicer, but that's just the elitist talking . . . For a short weekend where you want to be close to almost everything relevant and just a quick subway ride away from the rest--stay here. It's clean and cheep--and when you are on a buget, that is the most important thing!!!	
Jul 25 2007 	Nice	I stayed in this hotel with my sister and mother - and we really enjoyed our stay - it was a shopping trip for us so the location was fantastic round the corner from Macys need I say more! The staff were very friendly especially the porter on the front door - he was really helpful! The room was clean but could do with a little refurbishment. The bathroom was clean. The breakfast was grand. The bar was not so nice again could do with some refurbishment. The price of this hotel was very reasonable. Overall we really enjoyed our stay.	
Jul 5 2007	Pleasantly surprised	I needed a place in the area, and this hotel fit the bill. My room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was spotless. The maid service was extremely friendly and competent. I had expected the one elevator to be a drawback, but for some reason, I rarely had to wait. One downside is their lack of a 24-hour business center -- they send you to a place across the street that's only open during business hours during the week and a few hours on the weekend. Also, seeing a couch being stored on its side at the end of my hall didn't leave a good impression. I'd say this hotel is a little below average compared to others out there, but way above average for the value.	
Jun 26 2007 	Do Not Trust The Hotel's Limousine Service	I stayed at the Hotel Stanford for a weekend trip. The location is great. The staff is quick to accommodate any concerns. However, my only sour note was using the car service suggested by the hotel when leaving. The driver said it would be $40 plus toll ($5). The driver knew my mother and I would be dropped off at different locations at the airport. But only after he dropped me off as the last person did he add a $10 charge for the service. He never once mentioned it in the car or when he was dropping my mother off at the Delta Shuttle. Had I known, I would have gotten out with my mother and taken an airport shuttle to my airline check in. And then, he acted like he didn't have change for me. So, you can not trust the hotel's suggested car service AT ALL. It uses bait and switch tactics.	
Jun 20 2007 	no problems	We stayed here over Easter. We were on the 7th floor, in a queen sized room. The room was cozy with a real nice marble bathroom. The lift was quiet slow and most times we walked down but always waited on the lift when going up to our room, it was no major problem to walk or wait for it. I would stay here again as the location was so perfect and restaurants by the hotel were lovely with such a variety! Sub-way was right by the hotel also which made everything so easy to get to. I would recommend this hotel no problem, if you want however the ritz style hotel then go there :)	
Jun 6 2007 	one of the worst so far	So we checked in and called down to front desk as soon as we opened the door. There was a huge metal vent of some sort out side the window, so therefore no way to tell if it was dark or light outside. On the first night we had to call for toilet paper., that was at 3 am. The shower was moldy, the comforter was very worn. The bed was held up by a piece of plank, they should have used that for the hole under the carpet. We tried to change rooms but it was all booked. The front desk then had the nerve to tell us we should have gotten a suite &quot;much nicer than your room&quot; . We didn't dare try the complimentary breakfast, if they couldn't clean the bathroom tiles who knows what else they didn't clean. Not to mention that is was so hot and stuffy in there that my friend woke up in the middle of the night to clean the regular window AC vent just to circulate cool air. Its weird how the website pics were soo nice, and our room looked like a hole in the wall. Never again!	
May 31 2007 	Clean Nice; loved the Stanford!	We were pleasantly surprised when we came to the Hotel Stanford! Our room was on the 11th floor facing outside, and didnt find it noisy at all at night. Our room was a king deluxe with a sofabed, and it was very nice and clean, definitely above average for the price for a hotel in New York City!!!Wi-Fi Internet service was extra $ (one downside), but once paid ($25 for 72 hours), the internet was nice and fast!Another downside was the one elevator, which took a long time to get. Also, the sofabed was not comfortable AT ALL, but otherwise the room was great! The bathroom was extremely clean, shower, sink and toilet were very nice.The breakfast downstairs on the 2nd floor was alright: bagels, croissants, danishes, coffee, toast, nothing special. But get there quickly, because bread and bagels run out! Also, the doors are locked at 10, so if youre planning on sleeping in, dont count on breakfast!Otherwise, for the price, the hotel was excellent! It is very difficult to find another hotel like this in NY for this incredible price!Also, for Korean restaurants (which are hard to find in the area because there are SO MANY), I'd go for the wood-chip barbecue across the street. Check out Pinkberry a couple doors down for some delicious frozen yogurt with toppings; line-ups are 24/7!	
May 21 2007 	great place to stay... if you're homeless!!	Where do I start?! Hotel's website looked great... price wasn't too bad... booked online.. Check in is at 3:00pm.. upon arrival.. they told us our room wasn't going to be available til atleast 3:45.. not so conveinant when you have your hands full of bags and places to be!! After arguing for a good 10minutes... they said they could give us another room.. (by this time ... our bags were already in the room we were supposed to have!) so we switched rooms.. after the hassle.. the manager said he would extend our check out until 3pm the next day.. which was a plus- or so we thought!! We had reserved a non smoking room.. and the room they moved us to definatly had the lingering stench of old stale cigarettes! It was discusting!! The room was an oven.. with no way to contol the temp... we had the a/c cranked and all that was coming out was hot air!!! The shower had no water pressure .. and it was close to impossible to try and control the water temp.. i took a lovely scolding hot shower!! We got back to our room the next day around 2:15pm.. and to our suprise.. we were locked out!!! apparantly.. when they decided to give us late check out because of all the OTHER PROBLEMS... they never thought to reset our card to let us into our room til 3:00!!! Over all.. the whole hotel situation was a complete nighmare!! It was not clean.. you could not understand the staff... and it was just a big incoveinance... I would not reccoment this hotel to anyone... unless of course... you're homeless!!!!!	
May 6 2007	LOCATION LOCATION!	A block from Macy's, two blocks from the Empire State Building. What more could you want for under $240 in New York. From April 19-25, 2007, five of us split a suite that had two double beds and a pull-out couch. When we discovered the couch's mattress was thin and lumpy, the staff quickly brought in a cot that did the trick. Our 5th-floor room was clean and had a surprisngly big bathroom and good shower pressure for five women! The in-room safe was a bonus and the only thing missing was a coffee maker. Luckily, we noticed online that it didn't come with one so we brought a small one. The breakfasts needed more fruit than the apples and bananas (that disappeared fast) and the staff's reluctance to let us take trays back to our room instead of dining inside was annoying. It's not easy carrying a cup and flimsy paper plate! Other than that, staff was helpful and quickly filled our requests for more towels and ice.The windows partially opened, but a few days of hot weather made the room stuffy and the air conditioning -- if there was any -- didn't work well.Our first room was mistakenly non-smoking so we were switched the next day. It didn't face the street like the first room and that was great -- no honking horns throughout the night! Sure the elevator was small, but no big deal to wait or take the stairs. I'd recommend the hotel to budget-conscious travellers who want a convenient location.	
Apr 15 2007 	Exceeded Expectations!	We checked in Monday 4/9 and were shown to a lovely, large-ish 5th floor room at the front of the hotel, facing 32nd St. The big &quot;S&quot; in the hotel stanford sign was just outside our window, but the curtains were more than adequate to block the light at night. Our room was a king deluxe (with sofabed). The room was tidy and clean, and very comfy. Bath was large and exeptionally clean, which I appreciate!Heating was not an issue, it got cold outside and our room was warm but not too much so. Windows opened, which we loved. Hotel staff were awesome - we asked for extra pillows &amp; blankets &amp; received same quickly &amp; with a smile. We were prepared for long elevator waits, only 1 lift for the whole place, but this was not a big problem. Toughest was getting a ride down, and we took the stairs down often as not rather than wait. Never had a wait going up, and had no problem getting the elevator DOWN on check-out day with all our bags.Cafe Muse downstairs for coffee &amp; pastry was very nice. Prices higher to dine in, FYI. Never did try the breakfast offered in the 2nd floor lounge, Maxim. Didn't find any karaoke in there, to our dismay! Guess it's quiet mid-week. Front desk staff were wonderful. I knew Korean was the first language in this area, and was prepared for that. The hotel's Korean restaurant, Gahm Mi Oak, was very nice. NEt Zone across the street offered internet access with hotel coupon $2 for 40 minutes. Can't beat it. Did not encounter any issues mentioned in previous reviews about blocked fire exits &amp; fumes, tho I confess I was concerned after reading the February 07 reviews! No such problems AT ALL. Checked out Thursday AM with NO COMPLAINTS. Great neighborhood, excellent hotel staff from front desk to housekeeping to bellman. Held our bags after our checkout on Thurs &amp; helped us get a taxi &amp; load out later that day. We had a great experience &amp; would be happy to stay here again.	
Feb 28 2007 	Strong petrol fumes blocked fire exits!	We booked the Stanford having read average to ok reviews on a few websites, and given the excellent location and price.We checked in during the evening to be given a tiny and shabbily decorated double double room. After a request at reception we were moved to the 11th floor with no questions, although the room was stifling (with no offer to adjust the room rate as we were downgraded to a queen room, which had not been available on their booking site). We noticed the extremely strong fumes in the lobby and lift shaft, but put it down to something outside in the street that day.The bathtub in the new room didn't drain for several hours, the fumes were consistent and actually stronger throughout the night (they came into the room), and the heating could not be turned down. To cap it all off I noticed that the fire exit to the end of the corridor had been blocked by three mattresses - and in the morning my husband found out that the only other fire exit had also been blocked by furniture. The excuse given by reception for the fumes was that the boiler/boiler room had been cleaned out the day before. The Reception manager actually had a conversation with a porter saying &quot;can you smell anything? No? Me either&quot;. The exits had been blocked due to building work on the 12th floor. We checked out two nights early and moved to the Radisson next door, which was slightly more expensive and infinitely better.	
Feb 27 2007 	I will not stay there again	I stayed at the Stanford from Febuary 20-22. I've stayed before for business, because the location is great and the prices are unbeatable. However, this time the hotel was unberable. The room was extremely hot and dingy. The bathroom floor had hairs on it and the tub had a ring of soap scum around it. On my second night I encountered a huge roach that crawled right across my bed. I called the front desk and they offered to kill the roach. After a few minutes of arguing they gave me another room that was so noisy and unkept I didn't sleep the entire night. I will never stay here again and I would advise spending a little more for a guarenteed clean and bug free room.	
Feb 27 2007	Location but low quality.	Location is excellent for this hotel, right next door to the empire state, macys, and broadway. Cheap taxi ride to anywhere on the island.Downside is the quality of the hotel. We had a junior suite, the room was very hot, even with the heating down to a minimum. The radiator banged and clonked during the night, the room was full of static electricity, which may not sound a issue, but it was!! The beds were old and made out of metal, bathroom was ok, shower and taps etc very old.One lift, this was not really a huge issue, you just had to wait a few minutes.Hotel lobby staff were good, addressed issues, ordered taxis, etc Overall the location is excellent, room is poor.Many thanks	
Feb 25 2007 	A great bargain in NYC	The Good:Big Room with a couch and renovated bathroomGreat LocationVery Friendly StaffThe PriceThe Not So Good:The room was so hot that we slept with the windows half open (it was 25 degrees outside) and it was still 75 degrees in the room.It is on a block known as Little Korea so every newspaper was Korean as was most of thhe staff, so communicating was a bit of a problem.	
Feb 25 2007 	I wouldn't recommend it...	I stayed at the Hotel Stanford for one night in early February 2007, it should have been three but I moved out after one night.The main problems for me were banging pipes so loud that I found it impossible to sleep, a room that was very warm with no means of turning the temperature down and a petrol-like smell that was in the lobby and corriders (which I could also smell in my room).Location is good, but that is the only thing really going for it. I complained at 6am when I could bear it no longer, but still I had to pay in full for a sleepless night. I'm not much of a complainer, but my minimum for a hotel room is the ability to sleep!!	
Feb 16 2007 	Location Location	I stayed at the Stanford in Nov 06. I couldn't fault the hotel or location. When you are budgeting for a trip to New York, look no further. You can reserve the suite for as little as $249 a night and it takes 5 people very comfortably (2 double beds and a pull out couch). The bathroom is not very modern, but the room was very clean and spacious. The location is amazing, right across from Macy's and a 5 min walk to Times Square. Right in teh centre of everything. The staff are not very approachable, but since we only spoke to them when checking out, we didnt care!! Anytime we needed extra towels or ice or anything at all, they were delivered promptly. The hotel itself looks a little shabby but it is clean. There is only one lift but with everyone out for the day, i never had a problem. I would thouroughly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 15 2007	great value	Best rates compared to similar hotels in the area. Clean, safe, not many amenities or perks, but who cares? Great,convenient location suitable for leisure travelers who are not going to spend a lot of time in the hotel. The only negatives I can think of were the following:Low water pressure in showerRoom was too warm, no way to regulate the temperature.Only one small elevator in the entire hotelRegardless, I will come back and recommend it to others.	
Feb 11 2007	Great Find	This is a great hotel for downtown NYC. Location: You're less than a block from the Empire State Building, two blocks from Penn Station, and practically across the street from Macey's. Price: I paid less than half of what people were paying in the next hotel over. I booked through the Stanford's own website, which was cheaper than any of the Hotels.com-type sitesService: Excellent. The staff was definitely geared toward international customers, so don't expect any trouble with that.Rooms: Small, but quite livable (what do you expect in NYC?). They're recently renovated and very clean.Caveats: Don't plan on sleeping in, as they have an extra charge for checking out after 10 a.m., which increases the longer you stay. Don't expect much of a view, either; ours was over an alley. The thermostat in our room was broken, so when we arrived it was uncomfortably warm, but opening the window for ten minutes solved that problem. All in all a great hotel.	
Feb 8 2007 	Good value hotel with brekkie and karaoke!!	Good value hotel in a great location 30seconds from the Subway, 5mins from Macy's and the Empire State.This hotel is right in the middle of Koreatown and is Korean run.Whilst this hotel doesn't provide luxury, you get a decent sized clean room with breakfast (bagels, donuts, toast, juice, coffee, fruit, instant Korean noodles) thrown in!There is a small bar which seems to specialise in Jazz and Karaoke. We went quite late on the Friday night and it was incredibly friendly and good fun, with good quality jazz and appalling quality karaoke (except ours obviously!)Seemed to have a few regulars, mostly musicians who popped in as the night progressed.In response to some of the earlier reviews, there is only 1 lift and it was a little slow but hey we were on holiday so why rush?The room was hot initially but the room had a thermostat whihc worked and we were able to open the window. (that said it was -15 outside so we were glad of a bit of warmth!)As I said this hotel doesn't provide luxury ( when I say above average I mean for the price) but it you are going to see New York, and not the inside of your hotel room give this hotel a go.	
Feb 7 2007 	Excellent Location	Stayed here for 6 nights in September 06. The location is excellent with the Empire State and Macy's literally round the corner, about a 10 minute walk from Times Square and it has a subway station at the end of the street. Friendly &amp; very helpful staff, clean rooms that are serviced every day. Rooms are small and basic but for the location and the price it's a great place to stay. No complaints at all, would recommend it.	
Feb 1 2007 	Do it for budget reason only	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights only. A double bed non-smoking room that came to about a little over $310.00 for a couple nights. The front desk agents and the doormen were very nice and friendly. They always smiled at you. Unfortunately, as soon as I entered the hotel, there was this strange and unpleasant smell in the lobby, which I later found out it was also in the elevator and the hallways. In fact, the whole building reeked of it! The odor was similar to a mixture of gas and cigarette smoke. By the way, they gave you a breakfast coupon upon check-in. I did not have breakfast at this hotel, so I don’t know what kind of breakfast food they provided. The elevator was very slow. If your room is only on the fourth floor or lower, just take the stairs. It’s faster that way.The hallways were small and narrow. There was not enough room to stretch your arms.My room was up on the 8th floor and just might be the smallest one in the hotel. Or maybe all double bed rooms were that small. The bed was OK, a little bit too firm for me. There was a small TV with basic cable and a VCR in the room. A decent size of desk and a refrigerator in the closet. If you need to use iron and ironing board, you will have to request housekeeping to provide them. There was also a small safe in the closet, which I didn’t use. Window was small and the view outside was nothing spectacular and I could see a parking lot in the next building. I actually like the bathroom. It was small but very neat. Your basic toiletries were there – soap, shampoo, shower cap, and there was this small toothbrush and toothpaste sealed in plastic wrap, which I don’t recommend using.Now major complaints with my stay in this hotel:1. There was this LOUD clanking noise coming from the heater. It sounded like there was actually a construction in my room! The noise was sporadic. You could hear it a few minutes in the mornings, afternoons, and evenings.2. The room was actually too warm for me. You’d think since it’s winter you wouldn’t be needing A/C. I had to open the window because it got too hot in the room and I couldn’t turn off the heater. I think the control was actually broken.3. There was not enough light in the bathroom and the bedroom. Ladies, if you need to put your make-up on in this kind of light, forget about it. 4. Did I mention about the smell in the elevator and the hallways? Plus, it was a non smoking room, but somehow I still could smell it. If you’re on a budget like me, then by all means, stay at this place. If you’re not hard to please, then you’d be fine at this hotel. Besides, the location can’t be beat. It’s in midtown, 3-4 minutes walking distance to Macy’s, Manhattan Mall, Victoria’s Secret, etc. Less than 10 minutes away (walking) from Madison Square Garden. And the subway stop (N/R/W/Q) was literally a few steps away from the hotel.But if you have some extra money to spend, please find another hotel. By the way, the Lincoln “taxi” cabs out front charged less than others. Most drivers I saw were Korean (makes sense since the hotel was in Korea town). The trip to JFK only cost $45.00 plus toll fee (about $4.00) and tip. I’ve taken these Lincoln cabs where they charged $60.00 to $80.00.	
Jan 4 2007	GREAT VALUE HOTEL	Stayed at the Stanford from Dec 28th - Jan 2nd. Overall very impressed with the hotel considering the price. Great location and very clean room, good sized bathroom. Breakfast was also more than adequate. Room did get very hot during the night, but nothing to complain about. Would rather be too hot than too cold!	
Jan 2 2007 	Excellent Last minute Find	We stayed in this hotel November 4th 2006 for 4 nights. Due to the marathon being run the same weekend, rooms were hard to find at a reasonable rate.After reading several reviews on this web site I booked our stay. What a very well run, clean hotel. The staff were friendly, the rooms were very well maintained each day. The adjoing restaurant and coffee shop seved excellent food. The loctaion of the hotel is perfect for exploring the city and is centrally located with a very short walk (1 minute) to the underground, Times Square about 20 minutes walk, the Empire State Building is in the same block and is a couple of minutes walk away.In previous reviews people have mentioned that the elevator is too slow, it is slower than modern elevators but whats the hurry? take it easy and remember that this is an old building and once you enter the street the pace of life speeds up ten fold, so it's nice to have a nice relaxing enviroment. The heating was also mentioned, it is very warm however I did find the control located behind a cover at the side of the radiator which cooled the room down to a more comfortable temperature.I have stayed in numerous hotels and even the more expensive ones have flaws which you wouldn't or shouldn't expect for the price you pay.The Hotel Stanford gave excellent value for money and exceeded our expectations and I would definately return there in the future.	
Dec 24 2006 	Big Room	We normally aim for shared bath hotels but couldn't find one with rooms available and the Stanford was about the cheapest hotel we could find with good reviews.We paid at $219 for a very large room -- I'm thinking they call it a King Suite. Given that our flight was 5 hours late and we arrived at 1am, I would be lying if I didn't say it was nice having the bathroom in the room!The hotel is in the Korean part of Manhattan very close to Macy's. The staff is all Korean. Personally I think it's pretty cool seeing and being in the little neighbors within NYC.Our room was right on the street -- next to the hotel's sign. A bit noisy the first night but didn't hear a thing the second.The bed was very comfortable. The room was huge. Lots of hot water in the shower. There is a subway stop right at the corner.Big complaint is the elevator situation -- there is only one and in the morning it always fills up with people and their luggage from higher floors. We gave up and bounced the luggage down the stairs.	
Nov 23 2006	good for last-minute	This hotel is nice enough for last-minute, if you decide right before coming to New York that you will be staying at a hotel. It's nothing special--the tiles in the bathroom are a little dingy, the bedding is suspect/yellow, and the television has bad reception. But the rooms are spacious for New York and there's nothing outstandingly repulsive about this place, which is good for New York. Overall, I'd go some place else if I had an extra $100 to spend on hotel stays or I plan to be staying awhile in New York.	
Nov 10 2006 	Could be better!!!!	We have just returned from a 7 night stay at Stanford Hotel.The hotel was very centrally located and you could get to most of the tourist attractions by walking or taking a yellow cab (which was relatively cheap). The staff were very friendly and helpful and answered our questions when we needed help.If you are going soley for shopping the Hotel is 5 minutes away from Macys (where there were a lot of baragains).The hotel offered a complimentary breakfast. This was a good way to kick start the day.However, on the day we arrived the intial room we were allocated too was a smoking room, which was very dirty and needed a thorough clean. However, when we informed them that we requested a non smoking room our room was changed the next day to a room on the non smoking floor. (Rooms are only allocated depending on avaliablity, so even if you request a non smoking room it doesn't mean that you will get one when checking -in).The non smoking room we stayed in was very clean and cleaned each day to a high standard. The room temperature was very hot and this was controlled centrally in the hotel, which meant that you could not turn down the temprature in the room. The room air conditioning unit was of little help when the tempature was high.The greatest pitfall of the hotel was the elevator. The hotel has only one which was highly inconvienent and took time to arrive when called for.	
Nov 8 2006 	Great Hotel	We just returned from the Hotel Stanford. We had a King Suite with a sofa bed. Our room had been renovated and was very nice. Huge bathroom. We were on the 11th floor. The only complaint I had was it was very hot. We called both nites to have the heat turned off and the air turned on. The continental b'fast was very adequate and the staff very nice and helpful. Told us which subways to take, sold us tickets for the Empire State Building so we wouldn't have to stand in line. Great location. Very good value.	
Nov 2 2006	Good value nice hotel good price	For a reasonable price (but a NY price) you get a nice and clean room in a very centric area. Very recommendable, I will go back when visiting NY again.Only BUTs: although the rooms are spotlessly clean when you arrive, little cleaning takes place during your stay (2nd day, 3rd day). Also upon arrival, strange smell in the rooms, some kind of pipeline smell. Later you never notice it again.	
Oct 24 2006	2nd trip Not Impressed	I should have remember the first time, no air conditioning! You would think in October you wouldn't need it, but at 80 degrees in the room, you do. Staff very friendly, bedding very old and dingy. Breakfast is very limited, but excellent location.	
Oct 15 2006 	A great find!	Friendly, clean, hospitable hotel in a great location. For the price it offered everything we needed for a girls shopping weekend. Also had twin rooms available, these had seemed a bit scarce in the cheaper hotels when we were booking. View from window was a brick wall but we weren't there to spend time in the room and the room was spacious enough to parade and store the bargains from our shopping trips. Easy to walk to many places of interest and there was a subway very close that allowed us to explore further afield. The lift was not a problem for us and we didn't need to wait very long on any occasion. It was small but comments on this site had led me to expect something much smaller.Reception staff helpful and they sorted out a shuttle bus for our return to the airport which saved us money. Breakfast was a bonus with reasonable variety to kick start our day.We both felt that the hotel was safe and we would not have any hesitation in staying there in the future.	
Sep 28 2006 	Great Hotel Excellent Location	We had originally booked the Thirty Thirty Hotel but after our Sunday newspaper investigated it we cancelled and spent ages looking for another hotel on Trip advisor - We eventually settled for The Stanford.After reading some of the reviews I was abit nervous but I was really surprised - Yes its in the middle of Korea Town (basically just the street is on )but only a short walk to the end of the street and your in typical New York. The hotel staff were friendly and the lift wasnt that bad, ok we had to walk down the stairs once but not bad for 5 days we stayed there. The room was spotless and the bathroom was immaculate. Only downfall was our window looked onto an alley and the window was dirty but we were to busy out enjoying New York to care.New York was fantastic and cant wait to go back - The hotel is perfect for exploring with the Empire State Building just around the corner and a subway at the end of the street.I would certainly recommend this hotel and would go back to stay.	
Sep 25 2006	Not bad at all!	The staff was friendly, rooms clean and of decent size. The location was pretty amazing - especially for the price. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 17 2006 	Good but doesn't feel like New York.	As I say in my title, it was definitely good in most aspects. Comfortable well furnished rooms, included a small fridge and we were lucky to get a room at the rear top floor with probably one of the best views in the hotel (over the roof of a smaller building to the shopfronts on the next street - but better than straight into a brickwall as in some hotels!). For the price and based on my previous stays in NY hotels, I was very impressed with the type of furniture in the room and the cleanliness and the included breakfast.The lift is PAINFULLY slow. We were on level 12 and I once took the stairs all the way down faster than the lift! (elevator)The location is reasonable. It's central, but we stayed in another hotel that I will rate as a better location (for tourists) and also better all round even though it was cheaper and a lower rating. This is quite a few streets below Times Square but it is literally 5 metres to a subway station that has two lines running through, so that makes it up.The other let down was as I say in my title - &quot;not very New York.&quot;As with other reviewers, I won't fault them on their service. very attentive and eager to help - and I had several out of the ordinary questions for them and a package delivered. All handled well.But this is New York! I expect loudness, arrogance and a bit of attitude. When we arrived and walked in, I was instantly disappointed. No bustling atmosphere and the staff had VERY thick accents, sometimes hard to understand. (This hotel is in the middle of Korea town). The hotel was also heavy with international tourists and this is not a problem of itself, but I wish I'd known before. I was expecting to be in a hotel full of loud Americans. For New York atmosphere, the hotel we stayed in later compares ten times more favourably than this.Sometimes at breakfast the waiter would talk cheerfully in an Asian language to Asian guests and then respond nonchalantly in muddled English to us. I found this disconcerting - I expect all guests to be shown the same level of service and attentiveness.	
Jul 16 2006	A Very Very Enjoyable Stay!	In July, my friend and I stayed at Hotel Stanford for 5 nights for our vacation. We had a lovely stay without any problems. The front desk staff were very helpful in asking our questions about getting around New York. We had a room with 2 twin beds, tv, mini fridge, phone, and a clock radio. The beds were very comfortable and the room was very quiet (we were on the 9th floor). We requested an upper floor since we were afraid the noise from the karaoke lounge on the 2nd floor would travel to our room. Unfortunately, we had a view of a brick wall but we didn't care. There was daily housekeeping - beds freshly made and fresh towels were given to us. We requested an iron and ironing board without problems. On our last day, we did not receive fresh towels so we requested them from the housekeeper on our floor. She was so apologetic about her slipup that we gave her a tip for delivering the fresh towels. Overall, the room was clean and tidy once we came back from our daily outings.The big bonus is the complimentary breakfast in the morning. There was plenty of coffee, tea, cereal, milk, sliced breads, bagels, sweet pastries, juice, and fruit. We even saw Korean instant noodles! The hotel is located in the middle of Koreatown. Thus, you will see a number of Asian clientele. Absolutely delightful since food in New York is rather expensive. The breakfast staff was very polite and helpful. The hotel is very close to the major sights like Time Square, Theater District, Macy's, Empire State Building, Fifth Ave shops, and Penn Station. The subway was only a few steps away. There was a great 99 cent shop nearby which provided us with cheaply priced food, cold drinks, and toiletries. A big bonus for tourists!There are some minor annoyances. There is only one elevator in the hotel. You need a lot of patience to wait for it. We took the stairs when heading downwards. The shower pressure isn't as strong as I would have liked but it works well. Overall, we had no problems whatsoever with the hotel. I think it's a little gem that needs more advertising amongst the highly expensive New York accomodations. We will definitely stay at Hotel Stanford again.	
Jul 11 2006	Great place to stay--Hotel Stanford NYC	In June, my 2 college-aged daughters, myself, my friend, and her college-aged daughter stayed at the Hotel Stanford. We were very pleased with our stay. The location was the BEST! Close to many things. We walked to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Empire State Building and even Central Park to name a few. A subway station was close by which we also used. We had no problems with check in and check out. The room we had consisted of 2 double beds, a couch that rolled out, and a small refrigerator. There was plenty of room for all 5 of us. The bathroom was also clean. When we called for extra towels and washcloths and they were always promptly delivered. We had the continental breakfast which was ok. It consisted of pastries, toast, bagels, cold cereals, and some fruit. Get there early for the best selection. On our last day our flight did not leave until 7pm and they locked up our luggage after we checked out which allowed us a few more hours to tour the city. We felt very safe staying there and touring NYC. We had a great time and I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 17 2006	Great in many unexpected ways!	Just returned from a very pleasant 6 night stay at the Stanford. This mother-daughter trip to NYC was a graduation gift to our daughter. Shopping, sights, and shows were the focus of our trip - and we wanted a hotel that was conveniently located, safe, and clean. Not only did the Stanford meet our expectations, it exceeded them. How so??? Two reasons ... #1) The STAFF were amazing. Everyone from the front desk staff, to the doormen, to housekeeping was responsive to our every request and eager to offer assistance. On one stop by the front desk, my daughter asked about where she might get a hair appointment in the neighborhood. Without hesitation, the desk clerk picked up the phone and arranged an appointment with her stylist for that same day. On a daily basis, the staff provided us with information and assistance that made our trip go smoothly. #2) The LOCATION - on 32nd W between Broadway and Fifth Avenue! Subway station at the corner, Macy's around one corner, the Empire State Bldg around the other --- and, an added bonus for our Korean-American adoptive family ... the Stanford is smack in the middle of Koreatown! Wonderful Korean restaurants and shops all along 32nd St. Within a day of our returning home, we were recommending the Stanford to others in the Korean-American adoptive community. We'll definitely return to the Stanford.	
May 29 2006	Overall good hotel	Overall good hotel for NYC,excellent location very clean rooms and a nice bathroom.	
May 2 2006	Good deal!	My friends &amp; I booked this hotel for our April visit to march in the protest. We got one of the larger rooms, for 3 (two doubles &amp; a sofa pull-out). Check-in was quick &amp; easy. The room was clean, comfortable, &amp; quiet. My only complaint was the very slow elevator. It was also larger than the room we had at the Avalon when we stayed there in February. The hotel is in the middle of Korea Town, between Broadway &amp; 5th Avenue on West 32nd Street. Although it offers a free breakfast, we never ate there since we either got up too late or had to be elsewhere at breakfast time. The Brooklyn Bagel Cafe on the corner of 5th &amp; W. 32nd is a good place to stop &amp; they have 2 internet terminals upstairs where you eat. The Empire State Building is around the corner. There are 2 drugstores &amp; a Starbucks (if you must) within one block of the hotel on 5th Avenue as well. For an interesting cultural experience, get the body scrub &amp; massage combo at Spadium a couple of doors down towards Broadway from the hotel. :) Apparently they don't get too many Americans because one of the guests spoke with me in the sauna &amp; asked how I liked America.	
May 2 2006	worth the price	I just got back from NYC after staying at the stanford for 4 nights. It was pretty much what I expected. The rooms were decent sized..and it was clean. Nothing fancy or extra but fine for getting ready in the morning and sleeping at night. The staff was very helpful and nice. The breakfast in the moring was good..a lot of bagels and bread...I wish there had been some fruit or other things like that...but it was included and got us on our way. I would stay here again if I was looking for a budget hotel.	
Apr 19 2006	great hotelbig rooms	stayed for 6 nights in the stanford hotel.our room was a deluxe king size with a huge bed and a real comfy seating area with sofa bed, if needed.great bathroom,black marble tops and sparkling clean.tv,video and fridge plus an in room safe.our room was 805 at the front of the hotel.free continental breakfast was very handy but you need to get down early as the room is small.staff couldnt be faulted,polite,helpful and held bags for 3 hours prior to taxi to jfk.we were well pleased with our stay,room booked direct with their website for $1238 all in.good deal for such large rooms in manhattan.my only minor gripe was that the bar lacked any atmosphere,this is a problem for most of us irish!go ahead and book,its dead on!	
Apr 12 2006	Close to Empire State	Stayed in the stanford for 5 nights and thought was generally good. We were on the 3rd floor so the view from the windows was a brick wall. This however was not a problem for us. There was a bar on the 2nd floor and I was surprised that no noise travelled to the room. Complimentary continental breakfast was great, bathrooms were very clean and overall the room was not a bad size. The hotel was very close to both The Empire State Building and Macy's. I would not hesitate in staying there again.	
Apr 12 2006	Great Hotel-Slow Elevator	We arrived and the service was excellent. Our room was spacious with a large bathroom. Water pressure was perfect...the place seemed quite clean but older. They provided a fine Continental Style Breakfast which was perfect for us and saved us many breakfasts out. We were surrounded by primo Korean restaurants..and we never went wrong going to them. Our only complaint was the lock on our door. It would never work with our &quot;credit card key&quot;. Almost everytime we came back we needed to go to the desk and get a new key. The price was within our range...the last time we went to New York we stayed in Queens and took the bus or the subway into town to save money. This was a splendid place...we could afford it &amp; we could walk everywhere. Greeley Square was beautiful and Times Square and the plays were only a nice walk away. The day we left, a Sunday, 7th Ave. was shut down for a street bazaar and we did wonderfully...got a pair of silk king sized sheets and other things. Excellent!!	
Apr 8 2006	Excellent base for a long weekend in New York	My daughter &amp; I have just returned from a perfect long weekend in New York. Too perfect infact which made going back to work even harder! We had a spacious twin room located at the rear of the hotel (with fridge, safe &amp; a lovely bathroom)which was very warm and the only noise that could occasionally be heard was traffic sirens. Ok it wasn't a room with a view but then again - Skyscrapers and tall buildings are all part of New York arn't they? The staff were very helpful and the guys serving breakfast in the breakfast room always had a smile on their face and were very courteous. The Breakfast choice of cereal, fruit and pastries certainly suited our needs. There are lots of moans and groans on tripadvisor about this hotel but when booking the Stanford Hotel, I booked for a warm, comfortable, clean, atmospheric base in a central location for the sights and shops and I certainly got what I paid for. For those looking for real 5* accommodation in New York - Remember you have to pay for it!! The Stanford Hotel was an excellent find for everyday comfort.	
Mar 16 2006	A hidden gem.	Just blocks from Madison Square Garden, a block from the Empire State Building. This is a great place to stay for an incredible price.	
Mar 15 2006	The location is OK.	I used Trip Advisor extensively to research our wedding and honeymoon and thought that it would be a good idea to give feedback.We stayed at the Hotel Stanford during the Blizzard of '06. The heating in our room didn't work at any time. We asked and asked and asked and asked for it to be fixed. Five nights without heating in the middle of winter isn't a good epxerience. One day, there was a smell coming out of it, but no heat. We were so cold, we would wake up in the middle of the night shivering. My husband kicked up a bit of a fuss, but to no avail. We both ended up with head colds from staying here - just in time for our wedding! I wouldn't stay here again if it were free.	
Mar 10 2006	Friendly 	Spent 3 nights with my daughter at the Hotel Stanford. Had read the hotel was in Korea Way and was not sure what to expect - I needn't have worried, everything was fine. The hotel is run by Koreans and there were many Korean/Asian guests there, as well as plenty of Americans and Europeans. The reception staff were always helpful and polite. I had tried to ring a friend on a local number from the room but after several efforts still couldn't get through - went to reception to make sure I wasn't charged and the member of staff said because I'd tried more than 3 times it automatically charged me. However, he could see I wasn't lying so he deleted the charges from my bill and even rung the number for me from reception and handed the phone over - I didn't get charged at all! We left our bags in the secure area at reception on our last day and this was no problem either - just gave the concierge a well-deserved tip when we collected them.the hotel is very convenient for all major sights - ESB and Macy's just a few minutes walk; also Manhattan Mall and Penn station. We walked pretty much everywhere - right up to Central Park but also used the subway to get to Greenwich Village and South Ferry to go to Ellis Island. Had no problems and there's a subway station just a few steps from the hotel. There's also a little cafe right next door for your coffees &amp; hot chocolate &amp; cake! The breakfast is basic: cereal, bagels, pastries, juice, tea, coffee and some fruit available. It's served in the small bar area so can get busy if you go at the wrong time! All served on throwaway plates/cups as they don't have a restaurant - but this is not a problem and the atmosphere is very relaxed. There's only one lift but we didn't have to wait too long ever. No view from our twin room, but the room was very spacious for New York, as was the bathroom, and everything clean and tidy. The best thing was there was no traffic noise from the room which meant a good night's sleep after all that sightseeing and shopping!Would definitely recommend for the price range.	
Feb 26 2006	Very psitive experience would stay there again	My husband and I visited NYC for the Westminster dog show in February and stayed at the Stanford Hotel on 32nd street. We had asked for a non smoking queen and when we got there they only had a double which we took for the one night. They told us we could change to a larger room the next day which we did. They gave us a lovely king sized room with a sitting area which was nice and it had a beautiful bathroom. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful.We found the rooms to be very clean. We enjoyed our stay very much and would definately stay there again.	
Feb 21 2006	If You Don't Enjoy Sleeping This is the Place for You!	Although we didn't like the neighborhood much at all, and our room was a little seedy looking -- the dresser drawers didn't fit right, the wallpaper was peeling, there were several screw holes and scuff marks in the walls, we tried to have a good attitude, and settled in to watch some Olympics But unfortunately our room was near the hotel bar, and therefore we were treated to the sound of American Idol wannabees wailing at the karoake bar (to thunderous applause)until 1:00 a.m., at which point the radiator began to clank loudly, as if someone were banging on the pipes with a hammer! This lasted only for 30 seconds or so, but it was LOUD and alarming. We finally drifted off, until 2:45 a.m. when we were abruptly awakened by what sounded like a bus pan full of dishes being dropped on the floor right outside our room. People we assumed were clean-up staff (cleaning the bar once karaoke was over) began talking and laughing loudly in the hall. I couldn't believe that they seemed to have absolutely no concern about waking the guests. Then at 3:00, the pipes starting clanking again. It was actually funny at this point; and we were resigned to getting a terrible night's sleep. At 5:00 the pipes started up again. At 8:00 we got out of bed, packed our bags and checked out, two days early. We moved to a hotel that was 20 times nicer and had a wonderful weekend. I would never, ever, go to the Hotel Stanford again.	
Feb 20 2006	great hotel more then what I expected	1. Hotel situated in koreatown (nice cafes and resturants)2. Nice room with a view of empire state building right next door)3. nice staff (WHO CAN SPEAK ENGLISH)4. location of hotel is a short distance to Penn station, macys, empire state ....5. complimentary breakfast was basic (bagels, cornflakes, muffins,coffee ...) however very nice and free!This hotel is provided with everything anyone would need	
Feb 5 2006	Not a bad word to say about it	Having read some of the previous reviews on this site, I was a bit worried about the hotel room, but we needn't have bothered. The room itself was a good size, with a fantastic view of the Empire State Building. The staff were extremely friendly, and held our bags when we arrived until our room was ready, and also after we checked out giving us more time to explore before getting our flight.The breakfast was good, and we even got to sample some chinese pastries for the Chinese New Year. There seems to be some catty comments on this site about the fact that the hotel was in koreatown, but we never had any problems with this. Alot of the restaurants in the street were open 24 hours which meant when you came home in the evening, you still had the option of having a few more drinks alongside some fanstastic food. I would have no hesitation on staying at the Stanford hotel again.	
Jan 26 2006	Great for budget travelers	Okay, so it's not the Hilton. One should figure that out when the room is under $200 in NYC. I must say though that most people don't come to New York to stay in the hotel room. Yes, it is located at the beginning of Koreantown but on the other side of the hotel is Broadway. And never once did I feel unsafe. Except when I opened the large window to check out the view and realized there was no screen and we were on the 12th floor. So be careful with children. I can't say enough about how good the location was though. The staff was simply fabulous...called restaurants for us, held our luggage after check out until we left that evening, and we even had a complimentary breakfast that I didn't know was included. We had a room with two twin beds (perfect for a girls weekend) and it looked exactly like the photos on the website. The walls were a bit thin, we heard some rowdy neighbors during the night but I called the front desk and they immediately sent someone up and we had no more problems. I wouldn't recommend it for honeymooners, but for people wanting to spend their money on SEEING New York but don't want the hotel to compromise on service, this is the place for you.	
Jan 22 2006	Reasonable Budget Hotel	We just returned from a 2 night stay at the Stanford. This hotel is not really that bad for the price....you get what you pay for. Although not the nicest hotel we have stayed at, the price made up for it ($107.00 per night...Expedia). The room was small but no smaller than hotels we have stayed at in Manhattan at twice the price. Room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was good sized with excellent shower pressure and plenty of hot water. The room also had a fridge which was nice to keep water and other beverages cold.Our room was located in the rear of the hotel which made for a nice quiet night even with the window open.Free cont. breakfast was nice too. Subway enterance is less than 100 ft. from the front door!! All in all I wouldn't pay much more than we did but would return without hesitation.	
Jan 11 2006	To see New York on a budget	The hotel is in a great location, central to most &quot;touristy&quot; places. The staff is mostly Korean, and it is in a Korean section of town, with a wide variety of restaurants (do not buy anything from the place called &quot;Cafeteria&quot; across the street - really bad food). The subway station is a few steps to the right of the hotel, on the corner of Broadway St. It is also within walking distance to the Empire State Building. Times Square is a short distance away, as well as all the shopping on Fifth Avenue, Herald Square and the big Macy's. There is a free basic breakfast every morning 7-10 am. We stayed on the 12th (top) floor - for $110/night it was a terrific price, considering that it's Manhattan. The con side? I know we only wanted a double bed, but it was the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in! The hallways leading to the room were narrow as well. It was not super clean, but not really dirty either. The maid was helpful at fixing a broken shower knob, and so was the front desk at getting extra towels. There is a little mini-fridge in the room. The radiator/heater made sporadic noises in the middle of the night - we were told that the whole hotel is like that. Since I came to NY to sightsee, not to stay in my hotel room all day, it was a minor dissappointment but I would stay there again if I was on a budget and wanted a basic and decent place to stay.	
Jan 11 2006	Don't even think about it	ok here's the thing,,the hotel is located in koreatownand that's not one of the things you would enjoy in nyc.the staff struggled with english, the room smells, very very very depressing, the TV set is like 50 years old,the room is so small, and the most horrible thing was the mouse traps, well i didn't see any rats around on my short stay, one night, but seriously there was 2 mouse traps in my room.actually i'm writing this review now while i'm stayingat the Hilton Times Square, after i spent 4 lovely nights with my girlfriend at the hilton's we were planning to stay 4 nights at stanford but after spending only one night there, we decided the hell with the budget and we went back to the hiltons.i wouldn't stay at Hotel Stanford even if they pay ME to stay.	
Dec 20 2005	Great value	Certainly not the Ritz, but the Stanford Hotel was clean, polite, and all about the location, which is at 6th and 32nd streets. We had a suite, typical New York, small but clean and well stocked. Located in Koreatown, we felt very safe on the streets, and had a blast with the manager of the jazz bar in the hotel. For the budget minded traveller, this hotel is definately a good find!!!	
Dec 8 2005	Great Stay	I was a little concerned on reading some of the reviews, but was very satisfied with this hotel. The staff was helpful--they immediately let me know a cheaper room was available, which I very much appreciated; I was able to check in early; and they stored my bags for me when I checked out. The room was small but clean and pleasant. (The view out the narrow window was disappointing, though. The window was dirty and looked out on a narrow gangway with no real daylight coming in. Also, the only room lighting is overhead, operated from a switch by the door, which is inconvenient and not very pleasant, either. It wouldn't hurt for them to invest in some bedside lamps.) The bathroom was good-sized, very clean, and looked as though it were recently updated, with nice amenities. (Here, a minor annoyance was the fact that the exhaust fan--which got quite loud--was activated automatically by the light and couldn't be turned off.) Breakfast was adequate to get you going. The room had a small refrigerator, which was also most appreciated (how about a coffee maker, too?) The elevator was slow, but I used the stairs most of the time anyway. And I couldn't have been in a better location: everything nearby, and as a woman traveling alone I always felt safe.	
Nov 29 2005	Worked well for us	We traveled to NYC from Austin for my birthday. My boyfriend had never been to NYC so I looked for somewhere midtown that worked within our budget. The location was perfect for us, we flew to Newark, took the train to Penn Station, then walked a couple of blocks to the Stanford. This also made going back to Newark easy. Empire State is right around the corner (a must for first time visitors; going there was too easy). Our room was a decent size, 11th floor, and was actually kind of quiet (a first for me while in NYC). It was clean and we had fresh towels both mornings. There was also a fridge where we kept drinks. We did not have the breakfast, but did stop by the pastry/coffee shop that is part of the hotel, very good. Also, if you like Korean food, this hotel is in the right place. I suggest seeking recommendations if you want to try a restaurant on the street (we were going to, just ran out of time). Overall I would recommend this to folks who are in NYC to see the city and plan on hardly spending any time at their hotel. The hotel staff (who were very nice to us) also held our luggage on Sunday since we had to check out before noon, but our plane didn't leave till 7:00pm.	
Nov 15 2005	OK but nothing to get excited about...	I stayed in the Stanford for 8 days at the end of October 05. To be honest, the prices in general in the area were quite high. The hotel room was basic enough. As others have said, the rooms could do with a really good vacuum! I had a small double room on the 7th floor. The bed was fine, and it was cleaned well every day. The fridge and the room safe were a big bonus. My window looked out on the Empire State Building - a nice thing to wake up to! Breakfast is a scramble (and not the eggy type!), so I generally opted to get something the night before in the Deli across the road and grab a coffee and a doughnut in the breakfast room. The hotel is really well situated in Midtown, and if you have your walking shoes on, you're within a few blocks of all the great sights. There is a subway station at the end of the street, and that gives great access everywhere. There was talk on other reviews about wireless internet. It never really worked for me, but the price, at $10 a day was a rip-off, so I took my laptop across the street to a little cafe on the 5th floor, where I could get my emails etc for $2. Staff in the Stanford are really pleasant and helpful. OK for the 'independent' traveller who doesn't mind a lack of luxury, but...	
Nov 9 2005	Don't stay here! Very dissapointing...	I stayed at the Stanford for 4 nights whilst in New York to run the Marathon. I was very dissapointed: the hotel is run down, my room was grubby, and the breakfast was poor (particularly by New York standards). I was not impressed by the staff either - customer service seemed to be a low priority. You can be liberal in your expectations about 'budget' hotels in Manhattan, but when I pay $950 for 4 nights accommodation then I expect more than the Stanford has to offer. Make the effort to look elswhere - you won't regret it!	
Nov 8 2005	Great value	We have just returned from four nights at the Stanford and had a great time. We were slightly worried after a few of the reviews but found everything more than satifactory. The location is fantastic and we felt safe and the staff were helpful. The room was large and the safe in the room was a plus. The room was slightly &quot;warn&quot; but more than ok. The edges of the carpet could of done with a good vacuum but couldn't really fault anything else. The free breakfast was fine although the room was a little small. You had a choice of hot and cold drinks, plenty of pastries, doughnuts, cereals, fruit, bagels etc. All in all great value for money. By saving on the cost of the hotel it gave us an extra £300 spending money each. Fab!	
Oct 29 2005	The Stanford Hotel A pleasant surprise!	My two friends and I just returned from a week's stay at the Stanford Hotel (girls week in NYC). We had some concerns about what our room would be like because of the price - very inexpensive for NYC!. We were delighted with our accomodations. The room size was more than adequate. We had two twin beds and a roll-a-way at no extra charge. The room was clean and the staff was very accomodating when we asked for extra towels etc. The room also had a small refrigerator which was an unexpected bonus. The price of the room included a continental breakfast every morning that was more than adequate to start your day. The location was great, an easy walk to Times Square and very close to several restaurants and an all night deli that carried all kinds of foods and beverages should you need or want hot and cold foods, bottled water, juices, fresh coffee,fruits and vegetables. The hotel is located very near the Manhatten Mall, Penn Station, the Empire State Building, and Macys. We felt very safe in the neighborhood surrounding the hotel and in the hotel. There are double locks on the room doors and the doorman does a very good job of watching who comes into the hotel. I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel on a return visit or to recommend it to a friend.	
Oct 26 2005	Loved Staying at The Stanford	We stayed here for a week and found the accomodations to be absolutely A-One for a budget hotel in Manhattan. Clean room with a clean, cold fridge and a huge, lit closet with a sizable safe inside, plenty of hot water and good water pressure to deliver it by. We had a room at the back with a view of the Empire State building (ask for a room on the B side of the hotel at the back...the A side looks out onto another building). Two minutes walk to a subway, central to everything. Cafe Muse, downstairs off the lobby, featured excellent coffee and amazing pastries, many Korean inspired, all delicious. Wonderful Korean and Vietnamese restaurants right outside the door, as well as a 24hr take out deli across the street. We never once felt afraid in this neighbourhood nor in this hotel. The Stanford beats the more expensive budget hotel, the Ramada East Side, that we stayed in last year, in every way. The staff were helpful, friendly and eager to please. Loved it and will stay here again, absolutely!	
Oct 11 2005	Skip This One!	We are a California family who stayed in Hotel Stanford's largest suite for a week in mid-September. The room's size was one of the few nice things we can say about it. It featured 2 double beds, a sofa sleeper couch, recliner chair, dresser, small refrigerator, and was plenty spacious for 4 people. The price was also right, but those benefits weren't enough to offset the negatives.Hotel Stanford is located in Little Korea adjacent to Herald Square. It is conveniently close to stores, a subway station, and many Midtown sights. Unfortunately, you will feel like you are staying in a Third World country, not just a foreign hotel. The neighborhood is seedy, smelly, and jammed with people....most of whom are NOT middle class American tourists! The hotel staff struggled with English and there was not the even the minimum amount of customer service that one would expect from a Motel 6. Next time we will know enough to stay in an American hotel with the level of service to which we are accustomed.The hotel is not handicapped accessible and doesn't try to be and there are no handicapped rooms. We had to routinely ask for the basic amenities such as soap and towels, and felt that the staff was looking at us like we were there to steal the linens. Our suite was shabby and not very clean with mold in the shower, that sort of thing. Some lights and things did not work. There was a nice tile seat in the shower though. The room had no coffeemaker, and the continental breakfast was a joke. In a week there we couldn't even get a hot cup of coffee, and there was no cream. We also found a cockroach in our room. I never saw an ice machine, but at least we were able to keep a pitcher of cold water in the little refrigerator.The worst problem, however, was the ventilation system. The weather was hot and humid the week we were there, and the air conditioning only worked in some of the rooms.....when they bothered to turn it on. When our first room had no a/c at all, they moved us to a different one, but every day they would randomly turn it off. The thermostats in each room didn't work, and the air seemed to be controlled somewhere on each floor. When the a/c was on, we got quite a bit of cigarette smoke from somewhere seeping in our room through the vents, but when it was OFF the smoke was even worse. It poured in through the vents so heavily that we could barely see across the room. All our clothes and luggage were smoke-damaged by the time we returned home. (We were supposed to be on a non-smoking floor, but their a/c didn't work on that floor.) Two of us ended up sick before we left, and I'm sure the poor air quality didn't help.I have stayed in old but lovely little boutique hotels in other American cities and in Europe. This was not one of them! This one was relatively inexpensive for New York, but had no class.	
Oct 6 2005	We loved this hotel!	I seriously can't understand why the last few reviews of this hotel have been so derogatory. Only weeks ago we stayed at this location for five nights and loved everything from the rooms to the location!The foyer itself is of a resonable size with helpful staff who seemingly know everything - they were even able to talk us through knowledgably setting up a wi fi connection for our lap top.The room itself was much bigger than we imagined with a lovely big bathroom, walk in wardrobe and modern decor. Also, the room safe proved to be invaluable as we could lock the laptop and tickets up whilst we were out and avoid worrying!Breakfast was nice - you could take your pick from a selection of bagels, pastries, doughnuts, cereals and even noodles with two juices, tea and coffee available to drink.The stairs were rather narrow but we did not find this problematic, didn''t even attempt to use the lift as we were in a room on the second floor.The location was amazing - a short walk to both the East Village and Times Square/Broadway/Macys and so so close to the Empire State! In fact, we ended up in Macy's most days we were there as a result of its close proximity!In short, a four star hotel without the pricetag. Friendly staff, great location, free breakfast and lovely rooms. Couldn't recommend more highly!	
Oct 3 2005	Good Location. Mediocre Tiny Rooms.	We stayed at the Stanford because we were seeing Paul McCartney at Madison Square Garden on 09/30 and chose the hotel because of its location to MSG, and because of the reviews on Trip Advisor were pretty good, compared to others in the same price range.Our check-in was smooth, however, the person at the front desk neglected to inform us that the following morning there was a Korean Festival taking place and if you parked on 32nd Street (which we did directly across the street from the hotel), that you would have to have your car out before 8:00am or you would be stuck there until 6:00pm when the festival ended and 32nd Street reopened.It wasn't until 12:30am after the concert, when we headed up to our room did we notice the plain white flyer posted on the wall stating that the street would be closed off. Not being early morning people, and had not yet unwound from the concert, we had no desire to be leaving prior to 8:00am so we ended up driving home at 1:00am that night . So we weren't real happy with the lack of information. We understand the hotel does not control street closures, however, the staff could have been more informative so we could have parked elsewhere and saved us alot of hassle. Needless to say, we paid $200 for a hotel room we basically only used to change clothes.As for the room itself, it is very small and not kept very clean. The bed was uncomfortable, the tv old and the fridge kept things luke warm at best. The towels in the bathroom were clean, however, the bathroom itsself was not and the tub was disgusting.The pictures of the room and bathroom are greatly enhanced on their website.If you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel with a great location and are only staying 1 night this hotel will do. For anything more than that, pay extra and get a nicer place.Lastly, I was a bit apprehensive about it being in Koreatown, however, there is a ton of activity going on and great restaurants at your doorstep. I never once felt unsafe. And MSG was literally 2 blocks down the street.	
Sep 29 2005	Hotel Stanford - Not awful not great.	The Hotel Stanford is very much a small budget place. It’s fairly conveniently located on 34th Street and Broadway and is right next to a subway station, Manhattan Mall and Macy’s. The delights of Times Square are a 10 block walk if you are suitably energetic or one stop on the subway. There are a couple of nearby bars such as Jack Dempsey’s on W 32nd which was pretty good and had excellent food but if it’s a wild night out you be better heading to the Village or up to Hells Kitchen for a better selection of pubs.The Hotel itself seems to cater for the Korean market as that’s who the clients seemed to be on the whole as well as a good proportion of the staff.The room was small even by New York standards and could probably do with a bit of basic redecorating. The linens and towels were clean and replaced each day. The in room facilities were basic but the safe was a welcome addition. The bathroom was functional and clean but don’t expect loads of fluffy towels. The air conditioning was not great and even at the lowest setting didn’t really get the room totally cool and comfortable, in fact it was even malfunctioning when we arrived and had to get the Front Desk to arrange for an engineer to get it going.The biggest minus for the room was the bed. A double in name but designed for a far smaller person. I’m 5ft 9 inches, hardly a giant and even I found the bed very small and narrow, but with another person in the bed it became very cramped and very uncomfortable.The Hotel was relatively quiet although we were at the end of a corridor and on the 9th floor, with a partial view of the Empire State Building. You’d still be better off trying to sleep using ear plugs as NYC never really gets quiet even at the dead of night.We didn’t take up the offer of the complimentary breakfast so cannot comment.In general I would say that the Hotel was basic and functional. Clean with so-so staff and fairly convenient if you want to explore New York as a tourist.The cost for the room was probably a little over the top for what we got but as with all budget hotels you take your chances. The low rating for this place is based on comparisons to better experiences in the past at other budget Hotels such as the Edison, Milford Plaza and the excellent Belvedere all of which were of a much higher standard than this place for only a few bucks more per night.	
Sep 27 2005	never again	Overseas visitors....stayed 10 nights.......ongoing problem with a/c....room too hot....a/c was turned off to accommodate other guests.......very little help from management.......had to ask for bedsheets to be changed after 5 nights......breakfast was a joke.......lift too slow......lobby smelt strongly of fish cooking in the restaurant....never would one find such distasteful accommodation in Australia in same price rangeOnce bitten very much twice shy.......put a damper on overall holiday	
Sep 19 2005	Great value	Three of us stayed at the hotel Sept 16-18. For $200 per night this hotel was a great value. We had a big room with 2 queen beds and a queen sleeper sofa. We had a view of 32nd st. below, which was better than a brick wall. The hotel is in the heart of Koreatown which provides for an interesting cultural experience. There is a great 24 hour Korean bbq directly across the street. We went up to the hotel's lounge to have a few drinks and were pleased with the friendly staff. Check out Cafe Muse right next door to the hotel for some great gelato and pastries. Great place to stay if you'd like to be near subway, Penn Station, Madison Square Garden, Macy's or the Empire State Building.	
Sep 19 2005	Wonderful Hotel	A friend and I stayed in this hotel last week and were very pleased. The room was tastefully decorated and very clean. Great bathroom, water pressure was good, the tub is large enough to take a bath. The location of the hotel could not be any better. Close to attractions and subway. The staff was friendly and helpful. I stayed in a twin room and the beds were a little firm and an extra pillow would have been nice. Great place to stay at a great price.	
Sep 13 2005	it was ok. but raise your voice!	i showed up at this place to have a one night stand. i know, totally. but the room they gave for the price was horrifying. i complained and got a better room, but there were still roaches in the bathroom and the overall vibe is pretty disconcerting.	
Aug 23 2005	Convenient clean good value	Nice location, one block from Penn Station, in Koreatown, with 24 hour Korean restaurant next door. Clean, quiet. I had an inside room with essentially no view, felt slightly claustrophobic with drapes drawn, but acceptable. A/c a little weak: could get insufficiently cool. Overall, for its price range ($150 - 175 approx), good value and much, much better than other nearby ones (Hotel Penn, New Yorker). Would unhesitatingly recommend it.	
Aug 20 2005	Basic but good	We stayed at the Stanford for 3 nights at the beginning of July and found it more than adequate for what we needed. It is in a really central location, only a few minutes walk to the Empire State building. The room was comfortable if not a little old fashioned, but reasonably priced. Breakfast was not much to write home about though! As mentioned in other reviews, the lift is very slow so don't be in a hurry to get anywhere!!	
Jul 17 2005	Great Place! Great Value	I stayed at this hotel for three days with my girlfriend. What a find!!!! The location is superb, close to everything. The room was immaculate and renovated. Very cozy and clean... For the price. this hotel could not be better. The furnishings and the atmosphere of this hotel seems like a 240 dollar per night hotel. What a gem! If you are planning a trip to NY and don't want to pay excess of 300 dollars a night, please go to this hotel, and you will be happy, and spend the extra bucks going out.	
Jul 1 2005	Rockin' Good Deal	I just got back from my trip and I had to write a review of the Stanford. I wasn't expecting anything fabulous, because this hotel was only 139.00 bucks a night, but boy was I happily surprised!Our room was small but very comfortable and clean. The bathroom was immaculate and the shower pressure was awesome. Our room was cleaned well every day and the maid staff was great. We had a bunch of channels on the t.v., a vcr, refrigerator, and great thermastat control in our room.We had a zillion questions about New York and the front desk staff was helpful and friendly on every occasion. They even remembered us by name. This hotel has 24 hour desk service and 24 hour security which was very reassuring. The hotel is super close to a subway stop and 2 blocks from the Empire State Building. There is a Walgreens, Bank, 24 hour deli, and Macy's within walking distance. Great location!The only drawbacks were a small and slow elevator and the lack of a view from our room. Our windows faced out to the brick building beside the hotel. If you're looking for a reasonably priced and clean, comfortable hotel choose the Stanford.	
Jun 18 2005	I Highly Recommend This Hotel!	I stayed at the Stanford for one week in June 2005 and I had all my expectations exceeded.The location of the hotel could not be more perfect. It's right beside a beautiful area called &quot;Herald Square&quot;, where you will find everything you need (including a pharmacy, Starbucks, Macy's, Gap, Manhattan Mall).A 10 second walk from the front door of the hotel will bring you to a NY Subway. A 2 minute walk will take you to Penn Station.THE HOTEL LOCATION COULD NOT BE BETTER!!!Then the room - I don't know if I just got lucky, but the room I had was just awesome. Huge, beautifully clean and perfectly decorated / furnished. Amazing air conditioning (it was 90' Farenheit outside every day of my stay, but my room was as cold as I could want!).You have a superb FRIDGE in your room, 30-channel TV and a VCR (which can be handy). The ensuite bathroom was just STUNNING - again, it was huge, and luxuriously finished.The staff could not be any friendlier - they are simply outstanding. The complimentary breakfast of freshly baked croissants, donuts, danish, bagels, fruit juice, cereal, coffee etc. is PERFECT and the charming dining area is overlooking busy Manhattan - it's superb.In the lobby there's a SUPERB cafe to buy great value and great tasting coffees for your room.Four years previous, I stayed at the similarly priced Pennsylvania Hotel which is just round the corner from the Stanford. There is just NO COMPARISON. The Stanford is worth DOUBULE the amount of what the Pennsylvania charges.If you are going to NYC for a visit - I say, don't risk disappointment, stay in an amazing hotel for a good price.	
Jun 7 2005	You get what you pay for	200 dollars a night is a good deal by Ney York standards yet it is still a lot of money so I expected to get what was promised. Their web page stated that they have newly remodeled rooms. The room I was in was so small, which is understandable but the furniture was so old and uncomfortable. The mattress was virtullay unsleepable and the bedding had cigarette burns on it. The rest of the furniture was at least 15 years old and in bad shape. The &quot;cable&quot;TV didn't even receieve CBS, FOX, NBC and ABC. Not to mention not even a movie station. The shower went from extream cold to extreamly hot like someone was flushing the toilet over and over. Next time to New York I will pay the extra money and get a decent hotel.	
Jun 6 2005	Week end in New York	Location is perfect (within walking distance from Penn station, Empire State building etc.)Room was quiet and clean but relatively small, staff was friendlyBreakfast (continental) starts only at 7:30am in a very small room. This is obviously an attempt from the management for minimizing the number of people having breakfast.We would definitively go back to this hotel	
Jun 3 2005	Fantastic hotel great location	Just a quick note to say if you are considering booking this hotel, then consider no more - book it!It's location is excellent, minutes from Times Square, Empire State and Broadway - Macy's is a stone's throw and the subway is at the end of the street and if you've never been to NYC before, then the subway will get you anywhere in the city with maybe only 1 or 2 changes of line - get your own subway map as the one's in the stations are few and far between.One final piece of advice for a first time visitor - there is a bus service from all 3 airports to Manhattan and back again which only costs around $20 return - get this as it drops at the Port Authority and Grand Central which should only be about $5 in a cab to the hotel - enjoy!	
Jun 3 2005	Great place to stay in Newyork	The rooms were very spacious... The bathroom were very clean... Breakfast was good... Location wise its a great place to stay in Newyork . Few minutes from Madison Square garden and Penn Station... Empire state building couple of blocks away .. Time Square a few minutes walk... Enjoyed our stay at the hotel... Looking forward to stay in this hotel if I visit New york in future.	
May 24 2005	Excellent value for Money	Stayed at the Stanford 5th March to 10th March, with the snowstorms... Excellent value for money with basic room but in the heart if Manhattan main attractions within walking distance...Hotel is situated on the edge of Little Korea. With Empire State Building two blocks (5Mins) walkway, including Macys around the corner. Times square 20Mins ish walk....which is hardly anything compared with all the walking you would do on this trip to NY. We actually managed to walk from the hotel to Central park and then around central park through to Jackie Onassis lake...With painful calves the next day....but there is no better way to experience new york, and the grid system of avenues and streets.Recommend gray line tours as can purchase a ticket which is valid 48hrs and included different loops and you can jump on and off the buses going the certain routes (Loops) around main attractions/sights....Back to hotel review...as said basic room but not spending that much time there really only to sleep and was extremely clean. bathroom was new and very nice. We didn't have a room with a view but then going to New York with High rise buildings there isnt really that much to look apart from other buildings. So if looking to go on a budget but to be close to the action then this is perfect	
May 24 2005	Great find!	Very clean, large room (Junior suite) with sitting area, but not separate rooms. 4 Messy adult women had plenty of room to scatter luggage and shopping bags. Staff very helpful. Breakfast (included) very good. Same items as sold in bakery next door - large selection. sweet rolls, breads with toaster, cereals, juices, tea and coffee. Wonderful location, safe at nite for getting out and walking, or walking back from theatre district.Advice: Take your own wash cloth and be prepared to wait for single elevator (but never too long as it ran quickly.) Also, turn left out door, right at first block (on corner) for best souvenir bargain prices we found.	
May 17 2005	Great Staff - Great Location - Great Price	Talk about a NY bargain. We booked a room with a queen size bed for the weekend. Since we don't travel often to NY we weren't sure what to expect at $149 however armed with other folks reviews I was confident that I wouldn't be surprised. Well even with the reviews I was still pleasently surprised. We were greated at the front of the hotel by the doorman who helped us up the 4 steps to the small but lovely lobby. Also present was a security officer who alternated being just outside the hotel and perched by the elevator. Not sure why he was there as I never did see any problems or cause for a SO. Felt safe and secure.Let's see....I had emailed to let the hotel know that we were arriving by train and that we would be in about midnight. When I gave our name at the front desk the staff knew about our email and asked about how our train trip was. The room was perfect at the price. Remember this is NY so space is at a premium. The room is just large enough to hold the bed, dressor, TV with enough space to walk around the bed to the bathroom. Unexcpected as a refrigerator in the room and a small safe in the closset. The bathroom sparkled as we walked in. This was exactly what we wanted. Clean, good price, and friendly staff. The only negative I could find was that at peak times there was a wait for the elevator. But this gave me an opportunity to say hello to other folks also waiting. After we got settled upstairs we went down to the lobby to Gam Mee Ok next door. Had a wonderful late night/early morning meal of fried pancake and a raw beef and vegetable dish that was quite refreshing. Rounding out our meal was really wonderful kimchi. Considering it was after midnight the place was totally full. Basically we really enjoyed the hotel and would stay there again. Great staff, great location, great price, and great dining options up and down the street. What more could you ask?	
May 11 2005	Great valuegreat location	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. Although room was small with no great view it was very clean and so was the bathroom. Continental breakfast was excellent. Lift took forever but apart from that we had no complaints. Hotel is also in a very good location. Subways nearby. Surrounding streets safe enough to walk about late at night. Would definitely choose this hotel on my next stay.	
May 10 2005	Fantastic hotel for the price. Very friendly.	I stayed at the Hotel Stanford for three nights at the end of April 2005 with two friends. It was a joint 'friends weekend getaway' and birthday celebration. We had two rooms (one with two doubles and one queen). We found the rooms to be quite spacious and clean - a very good deal for the price. The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful - expecially when I left my purse on the subway (long story - but I had it returned with everything in tact - New Yorkers really are helpful and friendly!). The excellent location really adds to the value of this hotel. It is right around the corner from the Empire State Bldg on one side and Broadway on the other - and a subway stop is about 20 steps from the door. The included breakfast is a nice touch but we didn't partake since real New York bagels and coffee are right around the corner. I would definately recommend this hotel and will not look elsewhere on my next trip to NYC!	
Apr 11 2005	Great Value and Clean Comfortable Room!	Stayed here for 2 nights at $130 per night. Room was very clean and bed was comfortable. Continental breakfast was very good compared to most hotel continental breakfasts. Staff was fairly friendly compared to other NY City Hotels I have stayed at. Wish they had a second elevator, but the wait wasn't too bad. Great Location!!	
Mar 6 2005	Excellent Value! Excellent Location!	I must say that I really enjoyed staying in this hotel. The location is excellent, I actually could see a part of Broadway from my window. The subway is just a few steps away. The room was big and the hotel management kindly allowed us to stay 4 adults and two children in the same room making this hotel an excellent value for us. Our room was clean and had a fridge which was good to cool soft drinks in.The breakfast which is included in the price was nothing special - bagels, corn flakes and doughnuts, but satisfying enough. The hotel staff let us leave our luggage in the lobby after check-out even though it occupied alot of space. All in all I was very pleased with Hotel Stanford!	
Mar 2 2005	A great deal	Just got back from staying two nights at the Stanford. What a great little find in the heart of NYC. I traveled alone so I only needed a single. The room was a decent enough size for one person, but what impressed me the most was the cleanliness of the place. Not a speck of dust anywhere, the bathroom was spotless, and the furnishings, though not modern, were clean and comfortable. I even had a refrigerator in the room--something I've usually paid extra for in more modern hotels.The neighborhood is fine, just across the street from the Empire State building, and within walking distance to Penn Station and subways. As a female, I felt safe, even walking around at night. It is a busy area so there are always tourists about.No room service or big restaurant attached, but there are plenty of places to eat all over the neighborhood. Certainly can't be beat for the price and location. I will definitely stay there on future trips to NYC!	
Feb 28 2005	very satisfied	I was very satisfied to Stanford Hotel. It was clean and frienly. The room was not even so small that I expected. It was a good place to sleep in New York and the price was okey. I will recommend this hotel.	
Feb 26 2005	Great Location	Stayed here 9th Feb thru 13th Feb 2005. This hotel is in a great location for first time visitors who want to see all the attractions in a few days. The rooms were clean and average sized. The only downside to it was the size of the windows, they were tiny and this meant the rooms were very warm.Staff were exceptional! Helpful and courteous at all times. If I was on the same budget (£80 per night) I'd stay here again.	
Dec 16 2004	Great hotel	This is a great hotel and I would recommend it highly to anyone travelling to New York. I shared a triple room (one queen size, one king size bed) with 2 friends - the room was clean, tidy and spacious. The complimentary breakfast was also a definite bonus, and the staff were friendly, helpful and accommodating.However, the best thing about the Hotel Stanford is its location, extremely close to the Empire State Building, Macy's and excellent shopping on 34th St. There is a Subway station almost directly outside and plenty of eating places nearby.I would definitely stay here again - incredibly good value for money.	
Dec 1 2004	Clean basic rooms - good location	This was our 2nd stay at the Stanford &amp; we are already considering booking our 3rd. The hotel is basic. The rooms are clean. We had a twin room - plenty of room. Our friends had a double room along with a sofabed. The rooms had tv, video, hairdryer, alarm clock, telephone, ensuite bathroom, safe. At the end of the day we would rather spend money on our entertainment rather than a luxurious hotel room that you spend very little time in.	
Nov 18 2004	great location and value for money.	four girls on our first visit to ny. the hotel room was excellent, large and kept clean. we had two kingsize beds which were comfortable with the maid tidying daily. we did have to ask for four towels daily as they only left two but they did so after we left a note. the only inconvience was that the room remained very warm at all times. the lobby staff were also friendly, helpful and very courteous. the inclusive breakfast is another plus and adequate to get you off to a good day.couldn't ask for a better location, with metro on your doorstep and penn station a 3 min walk as well. shoppers will be delighted with the position, macy's and empire state building within 2 blocks. the hotel seems to be located in a korean influenced street. would definetly recommend for those who want a relatively inexpensive hotel that is comfortable and has a great location. would use this hotel again.	
Nov 9 2004	Good Choice	We were two ladies going to New York for the first time. I reserved the room at Stanford after checking prices, location, etc. We were very happy with the choice. For those folks whose reviews were not positive, I can only say that you expected too much. This is a nice, clean, friendly place, close to many attractions and subway. The room was small, which we expected. We left the window open for awhile to cool it off, the thermostat was not working properly. The free breakfast was everything we could want: bagels, toast, donuts, cereal, fruit, juice, coffee and tea. We will stay here again.	
Oct 25 2004	only if price is your main concern	I did not stay here, but I want to look at a room this past weekend, as I had resrvations for an upcoming weekend in December. I was very disappointed upon looking over the room, it was a good size, and the bathroom did look very new and clean, but overall the Hotel was run down, and much more appropriate for college students on a budget, rather than 4 women on a relaxing shopping weekend. Even for the $259 rate for a suite, I could not bring my girlfriends here to stay, as they are spoiled from our recent stay at the San Carlos, and prior to that the Muse, this Hotel is no where near the quality of those, so now I am booking another Hotel for that weekend.	
Oct 19 2004	Very convenient location decent hotel for the price	Very convenient location. With the Empire State Bldg and Macys just minutes away, and drug stores and supermarkets just downstairs we cannot ask for more for the price we pay for an October stay in Manhattan ($149/night for two twins). The rooms were relatively clean and of decent size and quiet in terms of traffic noise but the cleaning maid kept talking right outside our room early in the morning and did not refill our toilet paper of tissue paper, so don't expect too much in terms of room service but the staff in the lobby were very helpful and courteous. The complimentary breakfast was a plus too. We hardly stayed in the hotel anyways so definitely would stay here again if money is an issue.	
Oct 18 2004	KEEP LOOKING	You get what you pay for here. We weren't expecting much and we got exactly that. The rooms were too small, no a/c, no room service, mediocre breakfast and our room also looked into a brick wall.We left and went to Doubletree. I will give them a clean bathroom.	
Oct 9 2004	Stay away	We checked into this hotel for 4 nights at the end of Sep't. We weren't expecting much for what we paid. It was $594 and this was a reasonable price. We decided to stay here as it included breakfast. The location is fantastic, right opposite Penn Station and walking distance to Empire State Building. However the hotel itself is a joke. We dont usually expect much and have always gone along with the theory that if it is clean then anything else is a bonus. Well it wasnt clean-it was mucky, dirty and there were things that the previous guests had used that hadnt been disposed. The service was even worse. First we requested the room be cleaned 3 times-this was never done. We also got a room with the view of a brick wall-and were advised all double rooms faced this way so there was no point in changing. The lights in the room kept blowing and they were never changed. And to top it all the air conditioning didnt work so we were kept awake in 80 degrees heat. So we hardly slept for 4 nights. When we informed them of this they said they would fix it but never bothered.I urge you to never stay in this hotel. I am so surprised at the positive reviews I have read about it in this website, I cant believe it is the same hotel!	
Sep 27 2004	Location location location	My wife and I stayed at Hotel Stanford in June of 2004. It was the perfect location. The subway, for two different lines, was less than a block away. You can get around all over Manhatthan with an allday metro pass for only $8. We took the Amtrak from new york and it is only 2 or 3 blocks from Hotel Stanford. The hotel itself was fairly nice. The rooms are a little small, but quiet. The staff was fairly friendly also. If I got back to New York, I wouldn't mind staying at Hotel Stanford again. There is also a little .99 store by the hotel to pick up anything you forgot or need to snack on.	
Jul 14 2004	A nice hotel to stay	It is a nice hotel, great location. My parents, my daughter and myselft booked a room with sofa bed, room is not that big but it is clean and bathroom is clean too. the complementary breakfast is very good too.i would stay there again!	
Jul 7 2004	Great Location	This hotel is right around the corner from the Empire State Building and just a couple blocks from Macy's. In five minutes, you can walk to Time's Square. In five minutes the other way you're at the Flatiron Building. If you want a very inexpensive place to stay while you see NYC, with breakfast included, then go here. If you want to spend most of your time time inside a NYC hotel, then go to the Ritz.	
Jun 26 2004	Great location great stay	Stayed at the Hotel Stanford for 5 nights over Memorial Day weekend - the hotel has a great location, so close to the Empire State Building and Macy's. If you walked from the hotel to the corner of 5th Avenue, you could look down and see the Flatiron building, and you could stroll to Times Square in less than 10 minutes. The room was comfortable, the bathroom was spacious and clean, and my partner and I made full use of the complimentary breakfast in the lounge. Bagels, toast, muffins and do-nuts, not to mention good coffee and fruit juice.The hotel is based at Herald Square, in an area known as 'Korea town' - the sushi and noodles we lived on during our stay were some of the best we have ever had (including in the Far East), and so much cheaper than anywhere else. A great place to stay and a great way to spend a vacation!!! 	
Jun 21 2004	Great hotel for a good price	I stayed at the Hotel Stanford for one night in June of 2004. It was a great experience, and I wouldn't mind staying there again. The staff was quite friendly and accommodating. We thought the best feature was the complimentary continental breakfast each morning. It was much better than other hotel's breakfasts, and it kept us full until lunchtime! 	
Jun 16 2004	An OK Hotel	This hotel had a fantastic location - right in the heart of Herald Square, about 20 feet away from the 34th street subway station, and walking distance to many of NYC's top sights. However, the hotel itself left a little to be desired - it was quite dirty inside, paint peeling, staff just okay, and the rooms smelled musky. If you just want a place to sleep in the heart of the city, this is a fairly reasonable price, but if you're looking for something a little nicer, look elsewhere.	
May 28 2004	Stanford Hotel ...worth going back to	We stayed at the Stanford Hotel ( W32nd Street ) for 4 nights in March 2004.. We enjoyed our stay , comfortable beds .. clean bathroom ... the staff always friendly and helpful .. Breakfast provided was ample to start you off for the day .. rolls, cereals , cakes , coffee and juices ..as well as the most delicious toast I've ever had, spread with grape jelly! mmmm Location is good for all sights and, for the money you wont be disappointed..I'd go back ther without hesitation ...	
Feb 11 2004	By far the best place we have ever stayed!		
Jan 7 2004	Advertising Misleading		
Dec 24 2003	Dissatisfied with Stanford		
Dec 20 2003	Great Hotel!!		
Dec 8 2003	Great Location Excellent Service		
Dec 5 2003	Clean friendly and safe		
Oct 22 2003	pleasant surprises at Hotel Stanford		
Sep 8 2003	Great Deal Clean Room!		
Jul 20 2003	Very Happy with Stanford		
Jul 14 2003	Great price and location		
Jul 14 2003	Centralissimo ....		
Nov 21 2009 	ninguma		
Nov 13 2009 	vale solo per la posizione		
Oct 10 2009 	Excelente!		
Oct 9 2009 	Buon hotel ottima posizione		
Sep 29 2009 	Excelente ubicación excelente relación calidad-precio		
Sep 22 2009 	??????????		
Aug 26 2009 	Perfekt läge på Manhattan. Rekommenderas varm!		
Aug 26 2009 	scarso...purtroppo...		
Jul 31 2009 	Gute Lage		
Jul 26 2009 	Ottimo hotel!		
Jul 25 2009 	repetiría		
Jul 24 2009 	Excelente limpieza y muy buena ubicacion		
Jul 5 2009 	Excelente situación cómoda estancia.		
Jun 21 2009 	Centralissimo e straconsigliato		
Jun 12 2009 	Buona posizione		
May 12 2009 	Il posto ideale per visitare la cittá		
May 9 2009 	prestations basiques mais très bien situé		
May 7 2009 	Ottimoooooo!!!!		
Apr 20 2009 	ottimo hotel a buon prezzo		
Apr 1 2009 	Ottimo albergo e ottima posizione		
Mar 4 2009 	alles in allem top		
Feb 13 2009 	Geniales Preis-Leistungsverhältnis!		
Feb 1 2009 	Todo perfecto excepto uno		
Jan 6 2009 	Una ganga		
Jan 3 2009 	Buena estancia en hotel céntrico.		
Jan 3 2009 	hotel agradable y centrico		
Dec 4 2008 	Ottima soluzione all'ombra dell'Empire State Building		
Nov 4 2008 	Una settimana a New York		
Oct 31 2008 	Buena localizacion		
Oct 28 2008 	????		
Oct 24 2008 	Confortevole tutto!!!		
Oct 7 2008 	Valido un pò vecchio ma posizione strategica		
Oct 3 2008 	Relación calidad/precio El mejor		
Sep 3 2008 	Gentilezza Coreana		
Aug 27 2008 	recomendable		
Aug 23 2008 	Posizione centrale e comodissima		
Jul 6 2008	Très bon hôtel mais...		
Jul 4 2008 	Excelente Hotel y muy bien ubicado.		
Jun 5 2008 	Nos encantó!		
May 26 2008 	Un affare le piccole pecche diventano quasi dei divertimenti		
May 2 2008 	très propre et très pratique petit déjeuner offert		
Apr 17 2008 	Perfetto!		
Apr 17 2008 	Excellent hôtel		
Apr 3 2008 	Muy buena experiencia! super centrico y recomendable		
Feb 1 2008 	Pessimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Jul 18 2007	correct		
Nov 25 2006 	Si vous n'avez trouvé rien d'autre...		
