	Great Location That's it...	My sisters, mother, sister-in-law and I ended up staying at this hotel because we booked it through priceline.com by naming our own price. Because we booked the room on priceline.com, it was only a single bed, which would not work for all of us, so I called the hotel and asked that we upgrade the room to two double beds, and it was no trouble at the time. I called two days before we left to make sure that we were all set and the reservationist said we were still fine for the two double beds with the upgrade fee.When we arrived, we waited almost an hour to check-in because there was a &quot;glitch&quot; with our priceline.com reservation. Apparently the reservationist was not supposed to upgrade our room and they only have 10 rooms with two double beds in the ENTIRE hotel. The manager, Chris, came and straightened everything out, although him saying that he was going to &quot;take care&quot; of the person who did this was not very tactful to me.They only have two, very small, elevators and when you reach the hallways, they are very dark and narrow. I was amazed that the bellhop fit the baggage cart in the elevator! We ended up taking the stairs multiple times because we waited so long for an elevator.We were pleased to see that the hotel was steps from Time Square which made it very convenient to get to everything! Personally, I think this is the best thing about the hotel.We did need ice a few times and found it almost amusing that they didn't have one ice machine in the entire hotel! We had to call room service every time we needed ice (complementary).There was no fridge in the room, so we had to store our leftovers in the employee fridge, which was inconvenient. We should have checked before we left, but not all of our leftovers made it back to us. I think some of them were put in a different spot. Oh well, no Little Italy for the husband back home.Overall, the experience at the hotel was average. The main reason why we would return is the location. So, I would recommend this hotel as long as people know that they are paying for location and not the basic amenities in the hotel.	
	Skip It.	Booked a room for two people through a third party website. Room was confirmed as appropriate for two adults ...&quot;king, queen, or two doubles.&quot; The hotel gave us a room with one double bed and said that if we wanted a second bed we could pay an extra $200. Because reservations through such third party sites are non refundable, this definitely felt like a bait and switch. In trying to get it sorted out, the hotel staff was extremely unhelpful (in fact, I couldn't even get ahold of anyone - I got transferred at least 4 times becuase no one would pick up and I kept getting kicked back to their main operator.) I am frequent traveler to NY and I can guarantee there are far better hotels at far bettter prices, all in the same vicinity. Skip this one.	
Nov 23 2009 	Location Location Location	This hotel was different. The lobby is very trendy and nothing you would expect from the outside of the black building. The service was great - friendly and very helpful. The room was extremely small. In fact alittle claustrophobic. Two people could not fit passed the end of the bed at the same time. But it was very clean and the bed was comfortable. Location was EXCELLENT - 1/2 block off Times Square. Loved that aspect and the Irish pub Pig and Whistle next door. The air conditioner was very noisy and the view from the window was awful. The bar downstairs turns into a full blown nightclub til 4am. The hotel becomes extremely noisy late at night. If you can sleep like a rock you're good.	
Nov 23 2009 	Did Not Enjoy "Stay"	I would not recommend &quot;Stay&quot; based on our two night stay. When we arrived around 9:00 p.m., there was loud music playing throughout the lobby area. On first impression, the lobby was clean and nicely decorated. The check-in process was inefficient. There was one man working and juggling check-in, the phones, and questions from other staff. The hotel has only two elevators, which fit three people with luggage uncomfortably.I have stayed in other hotels in NYC and did not expect the room to be spacious. But, our room was exceptionally small. I kept my 26&quot; suitcase on the desk because there was no other place to fit it. We kept our toiletries in the window sill, as the bathroom had no counter - just a sink, a toilet, and a shower. The full-size bed was comfortable, but it was definitely not fit for two people. The hotel has a very limited number of double bed rooms (I was told 8). This information should be disclosed in the booking process. On our second night, I tried to schedule a wake up call, but no one picked up the phone at the front desk. All in all, I would not recommend staying here.	
Nov 10 2009 	They are thieves	We found a short hispanic hotel employee in our room on Friday August 28, 2009 in the afternoon with the room door bolted from the inside. After repeatedly knocking on the door he sheepishly opened the door and let us in. He left and acted a little scared. We reported this to the desk clerk the next morning. The Hotel then tried to charge us for $112.00 in drinks taken from the refrigerator in the room, which we never used. I refused to sign the bill for drinks and the clerk told us someone would get back to us, which they never did. If the drinks were missing the hotels employees probably stole them. The hotel charged my credit card for the drinks and I have been trying to get the charge removed from my Capital One credit card account for months. I have contacted the State Attorney Generals offices in New York and Ohio about these incidents. Most of the employees of the hotel cannot speak english and may be illegals.	
Nov 8 2009 	Look further before booking Stay	The only good thing of this hotel is the location. The rest was disappointing... 1-The room is toooo small, even for NYC standards. I could barely fit my lugagge (only 2 medium-size, and two carry-on). They did not have a closet, only hangers on the wall... very strange... 2-The wi-fi didn`t work in the room. I had to go to the lobby; 3-The duvet was dirty... I noticed that they did not use a duvet cover, which is really disgusting;4- The ammenities weren`t L'occitane as described in the web site;5-Front desk was nice, but they let me holding on the phone for over 15 minutes before transfer my call to the room;6-What was that club??? I had to wait for the elevator where really drunk people were waiting to use the bathroom (which was in the lobby). Unless you are willing to spend your night there, this situation may be really uncomfortable;Well, I could get longer, but to sum up, you can get a much better stay in other hotel in the area.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great hotel would "stay" again!	We were very impressed with the hotel, and the staff. Everyone was helpful and very friendly. We had great service from the concierge. Our room was very spacious compared to most NYC hotel rooms and a very comfortable king sized bed. The only issue we had was a toilet that plugged on our 2nd night but upon allerting the front desk this was taken care of immediately. One can't beat the location! We would definitely &quot;stay at Stay&quot; again.	
Nov 4 2009 	Started out well--- ended badly	I do commend the Stay hotel for its pricing, amenities, staff, and location. Up until my last day there, it was a wonderful experience. However, my last day, I went out putting my jewelry in the room safety deposit box using the same code I had used during my entire stay. When i returned that evening, the code no longer worked and I called the front desk to have it resolved. They did send up a tech who opened the safe and while the cash and credit cards were still there, my jewelery was not. They were VERY attentive and apologetic and helpful--- at first. I told them to see if someone would turn it in, no questions asked. There was email correspondence for 3 weeks, and then nothing. The situation has yet to be resolved and they are no longer responding to any of my phone calls or emails. Upshot: the hotel overall is a great value for the money-- just don't leave ANYTHING of ANY value in the room safe!!!!!	
Oct 30 2009 	Can the rooms get smaller in NYC	Very friendly staff, unique lobby and bar area, block from Broadway and Time Square. But, oh my can the rooms in NYC possibly get smaller than these, I hope not, it was hard to turn around in the room. I had to walk in forward and back out.	
Oct 27 2009 	It is what happened after checkout	I was at the Stay Hotel for 8 nights and enjoyed my stay. My room was small but comfortable.As you I am sure can imagine an 8 day stay in New York is not inexpensive. On checking in a hold was placed on my credit card to ensure that I would be able to pay the bill. I have no problem with that. A problem does however arrise that on checking out my credit card was debited BUT the hold on my account was not removed. I phoned the hotel and spoke to &quot;Jemala&quot; (not sure of spelling) who said it was not her problem and my bank had to sort it out. This is a problem when your bank is in South Africa. As I was now running short of money as my funds were blocked I had to have money transferred from South Africa to finish my trip. My bank in SA says the Stay Hotel must remove the hold.I departed from this hotel on 8 October - it is now 27 October and the hold is still on my credit card. I have email the hotel and received no response.	
Oct 26 2009 	amazing romantic weekend	My friend organized a birthday get-away for my 40th and it was amazing. The concierge worked with him to plan everything down to the last detail. The he coordinated the roses in the room as well as included chocolate covered strawberries. My friend hadn't thougth to make dinner arrangements for sat night - the concierge took care of everything - got us into an amazing restaurant - told them it was a birthday occasion, for which I was treated to special desert. It was fabulous. The room was great. All other aspects of the service were excellent.	
Oct 23 2009 	Small hot noisy rooms above a great bar..	Seriously, all the reviews below tell you what you need to know.The reception and bar is great. That's where it ends. Very clean and well presented, it's just that the primary reason of a hotel is normally to sleep, which it doesn't allow very well.Air Conditioning is specific to your room, (great) however it's so loud you have to turn it off.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Location	I only stayed for one night, but this hotel is very nice, it has great location. Its sort of a funky hipp hotel, the lobby is very nice but dark! The room is kind of small, but the bed was amazing! Would deffinetly stay here again, no question.	
Oct 14 2009 	Not the worst but not the best	Just wanted to throw a flag for the extremely small rooms. Even for NY, this was exceptionally small. The decor is nice, the cleanliness was average, the location is good if you want to be on Times Square...but the shock of the closet-sized room was enough to ruin it for me. Also, they have the tiniest elevators ever! So small and so slow...makes it annoying to go in and out.	
Oct 12 2009	Two Star Hotel in a Great Location: Priceline It	We spent the weekend at Stay on 47th Street (just off 7th Avenue) in Midtown. You simply can't beat the location. You can leave the hotel and be at a Broadway show in 10 minutes. That being said, our room, as other reviewers have said, was minuscule. Think cruise ship. There's about 18 inches of floor space on the 3 sides of the bed that are not against the wall. There is nowhere to elevate your bag and it won't fit in the 12 inch closet; so it has to be on the floor, which means you're stepping over it constantly. But that's fairly typical of New York rooms. Other than that, the towels were cheap and threadbare, and the drain in the shower couldn't keep pace with the shower; so I had to keep turning the shower off to avoid flooding the bathroom. The nightclub noise didn't bother us on the 4th floor, but I have three additional gripes. First, the hotel is very under-elevatored. There are two elevators (I think there are 8 floors), and each one can hold a maximum of 4 people, or two people, each with a bag. If you are on a low floor, forget trying to get a down elevator. Every one that opens on your floor is already full from the higher floors. I recommend asking for the highest floor you can get; otherwise you'll never get out of the hotel. There are stairs, but if you have bags, you don't want to have to cart them too far up the stairs, and if you get a room on a floor low enough to use the stairs, the nightclub noise will bother you.My second gripe is the ice procedure. You have to call the restaurant and they'll bring it up. I tried twice, both around 11 pm when we returned to our room. Both times, the ice didn't arrive till an hour later, at which point we had given up and gone to sleep (only to be awakened by the doorbell). The lack of ice machines is also fairly standard in NY hotels, but it bugs me. And third -- the bellman is the same person as the doorman. This mean that if you want help with your bags, or if you're trying to put your bags in storage or get them out of storage, you have to wait for him to come back in the hotel. Yesterday he was out trying to flag taxis for several guests, so we waited about 20 minutes to get our bags out of storage. As a result, I missed my plane. My bad for cutting it that close, but 20 minutes is too long to wait, when all you need is for somebody to unlock the closet door so you can collect your stuff.My recommendations if you're considering this hotel, which you should if location is important to you (I would stay here again, with reduced expectations provided I could pay what I paid this past weekend) --1. Priceline it. We paid $215 per night for Friday and Saturday through Priceline. I don't know what the regular rates are, but $215 is the right price for what you get. I wouldn't pay more than that to stay here. 2. Ask for a high floor if you ever want to catch a down elevator. 3. If you store your bags, allow a lot of time to get them back. 4. If you want ice, buy it yourself at a liquor store before you go up to your room.	
Oct 11 2009 	Disappointing sadly.......room above a nightclub?!?	This hotel started off quite well......the location was great.....a stones throw from Times Square.....and I mean a normal throw not some pro baseballers throw! I checked in fine and was shown to my room which was very small but I had expected that so wasn't too annoyed. The first two nights were fine and then it all went wrong! Friday night being the start of the weekend I returned to the hotel to blasting club music in the lobby. Turns out they turn the bar and restaurant into a nightclub and crank the volume to the max.....great......if you want to party.......not so good if you are a jetlagged tourist who just wants to get some sleep in your hotel room.....above the bar!!!!!!! Oh yeah and the party goes thumping on til 4am.That was my main problem with this hotel.....no warning when checking in that the place transforms and nothing that can be done about it once you are there.Other than that there were a few niggles like the housekeeping didn't replenish anything that I had used like shower gel, toilet roll etc. Also for some reason my tv remote was replaced with another one that didn't work.....very odd.....and frankly annoying when noone will pick up the phone in reception for you to tell them you need something. I kid you not.....it rang and rang for about five minutes.....only for it to be put straight down......not good service especially for somewhere that is not cheap! It's these little things that if done right make you want to come back to a hotel. I would happily go back to Stay if they sorted the little things out.......and if I was on a rowdy weekend away with the lads!	
Oct 9 2009 	AWESOME HOTEL/ PERFECT LOCATION	Our stay at this hotel was a perfect experience. The architecture and design of this hotel are one of a kind. I would recommend coming to see the Stay even if you are not going to be rooming there. The aspen social club is very unique as well and turns into a cool hangout on Friday and Saturday nights. The rooms were small but I've stayed in many hotels in New York city and this one was very well layed out. The bathroom was gigantic in comparison to other Manhattan hotels and featured an awesome two person shower. Overall my experience with the staff was awesome as well. When asked where a good restaurant was or which club was good on a Saturday night they always had the answer. Definitely stay here. Awesome awesome awesome!	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice location - tiny rooms	This hotel is in the heart of the Times Square, actually about 10 meters away from it! The hotel is really trendy and you can see that the owners spent a lot on it. But on the other hand the hotel staff is quite unknowledgeable and what was most important - the room is SOOOOOOOOO tiny small.	
Oct 2 2009 	Don't Stay!	The day before I arrived, I called ahead to ask the manager to save 2 rooms close together for my friend and me. He took my name and number and said he would call right back, he never did. My room was so small I thought it was a joke. There was no closet, but hangers on the lamp. Eventually I was &quot;upgraded&quot;, and I use that term loosely. This room was right over the nightclub. Five stories up and it felt like the band was in the room. I kept checking to see if the window was open it was so loud. There was no NY or London Times, or L'Occitane products as advertised. The towels were threadbare and looked like something you'd see at the Y. The elevators were very slow.The location was good, and some of the staff did try. But for the price, I would stay elsewhere.	
Sep 29 2009 	Stay hotel is vile.	Please save yourself the $300+/ night and stay at a Holiday Inn or maybe even a park bench. I have never received such poor customer service in my entire existence. I was enraged with the employees who worked at Stay. These imbeciles need to be educated on how to treat patrons. I am still fuming thinking about all the lame excuses these people spewed out. Let me just fill you in on my first day at Stay...I step in the room and think 'wow, my bathroom at home is larger than this'. Then I search for the bathroom and see that it is half the size of a Smart Car...I was speechless. I move on and use the restroom. I flush and flush and flush and my urine won't flush away. I call for a plumber and the front desk says that someone will be right up. I leave for the day and think that by the time I get back to the room (12 hours later) that the toilet would have already been fixed...I thought wrong. I call again and I get some guy screaming into the mic because the club downstairs is blasting music. He tells me someone will come right up and then the waiting game began. While i waited, I discovered that not only did the toilet not work, but the shower did not either. I tried to get hot water but no hot water would trickle down the pipes...I stopped waiting &amp; realized that i was never going to get someone to fix these things &amp; I jump in to the cold water.By that time, it was 230 am and i was taking a cold shower and pissing in a toilet that would not flush. I get out of the shower, and someone finally comes to fix this mess. He tells me that I need to turn the hot water knob on in the sink, let it run until it gets hot, read a magazine for 30 min, &amp; then turn on the hot water knob in the shower and let that run the same way i let the faucet run...did you get all of that??? Neither did I!!!So here is the run down :1st, the toilet was broken, then i was forced to take a cold shower (because STAY hotel does not provide their guests with hot water...yes, you read that correctly, NO HOT WATER), and to top it all off, when i finally get into bed i find that my bedsheets are riddled with yellow stains of an unknown origin.There is not enough space on this page to give you a review of the next 5 days of my stay at Stay. DON'T STAY.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great Location	We stayed at STAY hotel for our honeymoon just a few days ago and loved it! It was an amazing location...ya the rooms are small but what do you expect! No one pays to go to new york to sit in a hotel room all day...you go there to crash and then wake up and go hard the next day. We wanted to go have a pre dinner drink at the hotel resturant because on the pictures it looked really neat. The drinks were SOOOOO expensive!! $14 per drink! We aren't cheap people but common! Just down the road there was 2 for 1 beer! I would rather spend my money on going out and doing things then sitting drinking a $14 drink. But besides that it is a very good hotel and perfect location because when you need a break you just pop back into the room have a little snooze and then your right back in the action....	
Sep 16 2009 	I wanted to Stay longer...	I loved staying here. Great location, beautiful design, friendly + helpful staff, clean room, comfy bed and fun bar downstairs.Do not worry about the size of the hotel room, people should not be complaining about this as this is the standard in New York.If you are concerned about noise from the bar, ask for a room on a higher level.One things I would recommend to the hotel which would give them a boost would be free internet.I would definetly recommend this to everyone I know looking for a hotel in New York and I am sure I will be staying here again.	
Sep 6 2009 	Perfect Location - Exactly What you want....!	This hotel couldnt of been postioned any better!! It was perfect.Come out of the hotel, turn the corner and you in the centre of everything.The hotel was modern and good decor, although the room slightly small had everything we needed. And lets be realistic, if like us you are in New York to see the sights and are out all day with possible popping back before heading out in evening and then its simply somewhere to lay your head before heading out again. We are looking to return to New York and would definatley stay here again.	
Sep 5 2009 	Come 'Stay'	Great hotel!Plus points - The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in, and the flat screen tv offered lots of choice (beware if you have kids as 1 channel is pornographic!)Staff are great, very friendly and willing to assist whenever asked. Close to Time Square (If you are a tourist).Free internet access with printer.Lively and very popular Bar.Minus Points -Rooms are very small, but do not be put off by this, unless you have lots of clothes, as we lived out of our suitcases due to tiny wardrobes. Close to Time Square (If you are not a tourist)	
Sep 5 2009 	Very well located but overrated	+ The hotel is very well located (47th street), 5 streets away from Times Square (42th street).+ The lobby is very trendy.- The room was very small (double standard room).- You must pay 50$ fee if you want to use the fridge to refresh your own bottles !- Reception staff was uneven : some members were very nice, some others didn't make many efforts.- We had a problem with housekeeping : we had a bottle in our room, which was open but not finished. The housekeeping staff threw away this bottle. I've been in many hotels all over the world and it's the first time housekeeping staff takes the liberty of throwing away my personnal stuff ! Unacceptable.	
Aug 31 2009 	A luxury feel at a budget price	We loved the look of Stay Hotel, with its beautiful tank of tropical fish in the lobby and its chic decor and lighting. Our bathroom was the equal of anything we've seen at a luxury hotel, and on the 9th floor, where we stayed, there was no noise problem at all.The room size problem is real, however. (When I first read the other reviews, I scoffed, having lived in both Manhattan and Hong Kong. But these rooms are on the petite side even for those locations.) I am a slim woman and I was traveling with a four-year-old, but the room size was a problem even for us. Heaven knows how two full-size adults deal with it.The real problem, I believe, is that there is no place to put luggage. No luggage rack, no closets, so you end up stumbling over it for you entire trip, or putting it on the nice clean bed - gross, considering that your bags have are probably fresh from the the filthy environment of an airplane baggage hold and luggage carousels. There was also no chest of drawers to hide away underwear, etc. for our four-day stay, which means we were constantly dragging the suitcases on and off the bed to search for the smallest things.Otherwise, we enjoyed our stay at the Stay, where the location just off Times Square and Rockefeller Center can't be beat. Management might want to pay a bit more attention to service, however. We asked for our mini-bar to be locked and a broken towel rack to be fixed, neither of which were accomplished in the 4 days we stayed there. We tried to eat in the trendy restaurant downstairs, but gave up after 25 minutes waiting for a server. The front-desk lady then recommended &quot;Maxie's&quot; on Times Square, truly one of the worst restaurants I have ever experienced. I recommend getting out of the Times Square area if you want something decent to eat.	
Aug 28 2009 	Rooms and beds too small	I booked the room through rates to go for myself and my daughter - usually hotels have twin rooms available as well as doubles or the beds are big enough to share without spooning but this is not the case - once we had our luggage in the room we couldn't move. There was always a long wait for the lifts. Staff were unable to give us two keys that worked for our room and after 5 tries we gave up and made do for one. Thank goodness it was only for one night. As we left the porter watched as we struggled out through the small door with our bags...	
Aug 24 2009 	Too small to "Stay"	The reception area and check in were both pleasant. We were told our &quot;room&quot; was on the third floor. A very tiny elevator took us up and we walked thru a very narrow and dark hallway. What we walked into (literally) was a bed in a closet! I had to stand with my back pressed against the wall just to allow my husband to pass by to enter. Speaking of actual closets, there werent any! Just a small garment rack with hangers on the opposite wall. For the price we paid (over $200 for the night) this was totally unacceptable. We called Hotwire and were immediately rebooked at a nearby hotel, reservations credited and cancelled at Stay and checked out faster than we checked in since there were no other larger &quot;closets&quot; available. Warning to anyone with claustrophobia! A very poor value for the money....	
Aug 21 2009 	OK but not as advertised	Have stayed at Stay before. The location is perfect, right off Times Square. On the plus side, the bed in my queen room was fine. The TV and channel selection perfect. Reception friendly, although staffed very lightly. The loud bar scene downstairs may be appealing to some. Negative: the room was small even for NY standards. No closet at all, only a few hangers, is a bit much! The bathroom too small to shave in without being a contortionist and the shower and sink showed wear and tear. Things are bot going up since last visit and certainly do not match the advertising language: no NY Times or any paper for that matter anymore, no Occidentane amenities either. And Internet is now $9.95 day except in the lobby downstairs. For the right price, OK, but not more than that...	
Aug 19 2009 	STAY is a good NYC hotel. I'd STAY again.	I was in town for business and booked a room last minute (and late at night.) I was happy to see no issues with the online booking and when I arrived, the hostess was friendly and inviting. The rate I booked was very good considering the other hotels in the area. I was a bit shocked at the size of the room, but from what I hear, is common in NYC. Just be aware, (for all you NYC rookies) that hotel rooms are not your typical sized hotel rooms. If you are staying at STAY with a loved one then you are in luck (at least in my case) the bed was tiny, so you'll be snuggling. However, if you are with a family, you will need to ask for a bigger room (if they have them) because I am 6'2&quot; and I swear, if my legs were 2 feet longer, they would be pressed against the opposing wall, hah! The room was trendy and sexy. The bose radio/clock was nice and the flat screen TV is nice as well. The bathroom was small as well but just as equally sexy and modern. Bonus: the toilet was contoured and very comfortable. Terry cloth robe was a nice touch.I will stay again at this hotel. I want to bring my wife to the city. I recommend the STAY hotel for a romantic night in the big city.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great locationVERY small rooms.	I booked the Stay through Priceline. I had never heard of it so I didn't know what to expect. I put in that I only wanted a four star hotel. No way should this be a four star hotel. The beds where comfortable and clean but extremly small. Hallways were very small and dark. The elevators were so small that I could not get three people in it with their lugage ( each had one bag) Great location and friendly staff. My biggest complaint was the room size and the size of the bathroom was ridiculously small.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great Location/Good Hotel	I won a trip to NY and stayed at the Stay hotel. It was a great location and I thought a good hotel. No fridge or coffee in room, but nice comfy beds and flat screen tv. I would advise to stay as high a floor as possible. We stayed on the fourth floor and traffic noise was very loud. Nice resturant and friendly staff. I enjoyed it.	
Aug 5 2009 	Perfect!! Hosted rockin' bachelorette weekend	I stayed at this hotel earlier this year and suggested it to my girlfriend for her bachelorette weekend in the city this summer. It was perfect and did not disappoint!!! We had the best time - perfect location in Times Square, awesome lounge - Aspen Social Club - where they have a DJ spin music, great ambiance in the lobby. We had no problems with the room and the staff was very friendly and accomodating. They helped us arrange dinner reservations, get show tickets and spa appointments. We had an absolute blast and were very pleased. I have to say that I am surprised that Stay's hotel management responds to reviews posted here. I haven't personally seen that before?, so kuddos to them for taking the time to read and respond! Thanks for a wonderful weekend for me and my girlfriends!	
Aug 3 2009 	Really enjoyed it - perfect for a NY	We are a young couple from Madrid, Spain. We booked this hotel 'cause it had a very good lastminute offer. We stayed there for a week and really enjoyed it. It is right on Times Square (half a block away), a perfect place to visit the city on foot and close to all public transportation. Our room was small, as always in NY, but OK. (but I think we got an upgrade room as the hotel was not full). We read TripAdvisor reviews and expressly asked for a silent room. We were on the eight floor, it was silent , but very dark, facing a brick wall. The club on the lobby really is noisy, though. From the elevator you could here the music up to the fourth or fifth floor, and until late on Friday and Saturday. I would take this into account when booking (which I certainly will again).As for the room itself, nothing remarkable. Comfortable bed, bathroom with shower, usual amenities, and a very very small closet. Not all our clothes fitted in, and our suitcases had to stand on the floor the whole time, but that was ok with us. We did not need more.We ever spent a long time at the hotel. For instance, we never dined there. We never saw the gym or the pool (in fact we did not know there were any). We did use the &quot;business center&quot; (two computers in a small room in the lobby). It was very convenient, but manytimes occupied with teens browsing facebook - which is nobody's fault. Anyway, this is not a business hotel.The staff was ok. As always, not all of them are equally kind and competent. Generally the night staff were less so. As an exception, Jazilyn. She really was great.What I really did not like was the climatisation. The hotel was freezing cold, both the lobby, the corridors and our room anytime we came in. I could control the room, but I could not sit in the lobby or at the business center, though I always wore a jacket, I would freeze. The contrast with the street temperature in July is too much. Really uncomfortable. I got a sore throat and was always keen to leave the hotel (this is the main reason we never dined or took a drink there). I think this is an unnecessary expense -(which is of course charged along with the room.- and it is unbearable environmentally speaking. Pure waste of money and energy.Some other things could perhaps be improved. Elevators are so slow. Finally, I still do not understand hidden fees (up to additional 40%). We know this is the rule, but why not calculate all taxes and fees and include them in the room price? Or at least inform about the exact amount (and not merely &quot;taxes and service fees not included&quot;). It is something which is known beforehand. All in all, I certainly recommend this hotel to visit the city and would stay here again. In fact friends of mine are staying there in a month. Of course it all depends on the price we can get.	
Aug 1 2009 	Water Leak - Stay FAR away from Stay (and Hotwire)	[--]Booked a &quot;4-Star&quot; hotel--&quot;Stay&quot; in NYC through Hotwire last Saturday night. Room had water dripping from the ceiling all night long. Manager couldn't move us to a different room because of full booking. Assured us room would be 50% off. Hotwire refuses to do anything about experience. Stay far, far away from booking hotel rooms through Hotwire. Stay far, far away from &quot;Stay&quot; [--]. It was so far from a &quot;4-Star&quot; experience to be laughable.	
Jul 29 2009 	What An Excellent Hotel Experience	I can't believe anyone could have had any kind of bad experience at this hotel. The staff here were remarkable! I have stayed in many hotels all over North America and this was by far the most pleasant experience I have ever had. There may have been a little bump here or there during our 5 day stay but the staff at his hotel were so accommodating and friendly that it didn't matter what may have happened. I knew they would have taken care of us with a big smile!! The whole staff seems to really love their job at this place! The rooms are not huge but they serve there purpose just fine. Who spends any time in there room in NYC other than to sleep, anyway? On that note, the beds are very comfortable and sleep came easy!! The location of this hotel is excellent, close to many subway and bus stops, right in the heart of Times Square. There is a pretty happening club right downstairs at the hotel as well! I highly recommend this hotel for your trip to this fabulously, great city. Great JOB!!	
Jul 23 2009 	Stay away from the min-ibar	I've been in the hotel Stay between July 5 and 7 with my wife and baby daughter. We had a nice stay there. Nevertheless, when we checked out I was overcharged in $131 in relation to the mini-bar. The guy that checked in us was new and he did not tell us that if you touch a bottle the system automatically charges you. At the checkout they took it off from the bill but after checking my credit card statement they indeed charged me for the mini-bar. I've tried to contact the hotel several times to solve the problem but it seems that they are unwilling to deal with the problem.Dr. Sarfati	
Jul 17 2009 	Couldn't Be Any Better	Booked this trip through &quot;Hotwire&quot; which I never had done before. Once I got my confirmation I emailed the hotel ref room info. Tom quickly replied stating he was able to place us on an upper floor and upgrade our room. Upon check-in very nice and accommodating front desk personnel met us. When we arrived at our room it was everything Tom had said. Nice size, clean and comfortable. Bathroom was an “ok” size, functional. Hotel itself was very clean.Great location easy in and out; would definitely sty here on our next trip.Thanks to the entire staff for a great trip.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great stay at Stay!	Stay was an excellent hotel to stay at! We were on the 7th floor in a corner room, which I heard were the most spacious. We had a very comfortable bed which provided much needed sleep each night. The staff was great and even awarded us 2 complimentary drinks and free chocolate covered strawberries due to it being our 2nd anniversary. Thank yous go out to Angie and the other female associate who helped us check in. Unfortunately we ran out of time and were unable to redeem the gifts, but it was a very nice gesture none-the-less. The hotel was only a couple of blocks from the heart of Times Square and very convenient to the subway/restaurants/etc.	
Jul 15 2009 	Okay Hotel Good Location	I guess I had higher hopes for this hotel, even though it is only a 2.5-3 star rating. The lobby is fantastic, nice quality finishes and atmosphere. Staff were nice and helpful, although they seemed a little busy and rushed through my questions. Location is great. I know that I read this in the reviews, but the rooms are small, very small. We were upgraded for free to a larger room (I think just the basic with a &quot;Queen&quot; bed), I can't imagine what the smaller room looked like. I've stayed in Rome, and these are by far smaller. Small closet, no dresser, my wife and I had to put clothes under the bedside tables, or just leave in our luggage, which we also had no where to put. If I wanted to hit the bathroom at night, I had to climb over my luggage. Seriously. Again, nice quality finishes though, although the floor was pretty uneven, and a particular low spot would loudly squeak every time you walked over it.The bathroom was okay, pretty small (no surprise). Absolutely no place to put toiletries. Shower was adequate, never had problems with hot water.While there is a flat screen tv in the room, the quality of the cable/satellite feed was horrible. A/C worked great, almost too cold at times.And yes, there is a club on the ground floor. We were on the 5th floor, and after coming in each night around midnight, we could definitely hear the music in our room. I am inclined to think that the hotel puts more emphasis and priority on the club than the guest rooms (the club looked really nice by the way).Again, had high hopes for this hotel. My wife and I are young, urban, modern tastes. Just didn't come away satisfied.	
Jul 9 2009	Wonderful trip - great stay!	I had a fun weekend in the Big Apple with family two weeks ago. We loved staying in Times Square. We enjoyed our experience at Stay - it has a very fun, hip lobby and the cool Aspen Social Club is connected at the front door. The rooms run on the small side but we didn't mind because we came to enjoy the city not sit in our rooms. The staff was very friendly and nice, especially Tom (forget last name) who cracked us up and was so helpful. We has no problems at all and would definitely stay here again. Amenities in the room were nice and liked the bose speakers and plasma TV. It was the perfect location for our trip. I noticed that the staff from this hotel comment and respond to various tripadvisors. I haven't seen that before, kuddos to them!	
Jul 9 2009 	Good location but limited hotel	Hotel is right off Times Square as advertised, and a hip feel in the lobby. Staff was very nice. Beyond that, the room was extremely small even by New York standards, 10 feet by 10 feet at best. Shower was industrial and at least two electrical outlets didn't work. Definitely a 3 star hotel as listed here, I bought on Hotwire where it's listed as four star so my expectations were a bit too high coming in (hotwire consistently overrates hotels' star levels, based on this and previous experiences). Overall a decent place to stay if you're 1 or maybe 2 people and just looking for a place to crash for the night.	
Jul 8 2009 	Don't stay here	Stayed there one night (we had booked for two). The small room wasn't an issue....the condom wrapper on the floor, stained sheets, and a toilet that didn't flush was.......	
Jul 7 2009 	NEVER Again !!!	Went through PriceLine...... Stay Hotel came up and they gave us a room with one double bed for my girlfriend and I, so I called the hotel to upgrade to a room with two double beds. (Which cost a lot more!)Got there - room was nicely decorated, but small. Went out and returned to find that we were right over a nightclub that would be open until 4am. It sounded like we were IN the nightclub. UNBELIEVABLE noise !!! A NIGHTMARE !!The night manager was wonderful and moved us to 2 separate rooms. The double bed rooms were smaller than most dorm rooms I've seen. I can't imagine trying to &quot;survive&quot; in one of those rooms with another person.I took photos of the room to show my husband how small it was. LOL - hard to take photos 'cause the area was so small. I'll never use Priceline again........ Would rather pay more $$$$'s and know what I'm getting. I know we could have spent just a little more and had a beautiful room with an incredible view....... We've done that many times before.Kudos to the night manager as he was the highlight of the hotel !!!	
Jun 30 2009 	Great location okay hotel	Stayed in Stay for 7 nights in while visiting New York. Booked the hotel because of its location. Was quiet let down by the room (Have stayed in hotels in New York before which were more spacious). Had a double room on the 3rd floor. Being in such a great location didnt benefit me as my window looked out on a red brick wall! The room was tiny, barely enough room to walk around the bed which wasnt very helpful considering I was mainly there to do shopping and had 2 suitcases each. Ended up using the desk for the suitcases.As already mentioned by several others, the air conditioning was very loud and would keep you awake. Also the doors banged shut VERY loudly so it woke me up a few times during the night when others would be getting in. Also the minibar could not be used for cooling water because it might set off the sensors and have a $50 restocking charge put on my credit card, a bit annoying considering it was boiling when I was there. Very small wardobe space. Bathroom was very basic, not even a sink stopper which would have been handy for washing out clothes. There was nothing in the room in relation to the services of the hotel (room service menu, hotel details)The hotel itself was in a great location about 30 seconds from Times Square. But was quiet disappointed that Wi-Fi was available free of charge in the lobby to anybody but to the paying guest it was $9.95 for 24 hours to have it in your room. Don't really understand why guests should have to pay?The hotel turns into a club on Fridays and Saturdays staying open until 4am. Wouldnt really bother with buying drinks there though. $8 for a bottle of Budweiser, $12 for a shot of Jagermeister, $14 for a Mojito. You could head to any of the pubs close by for better value.The reception and common areas were lovely and so were the staff. Would probably recommend the hotel to a friend but would say to get a bigger room	
Jun 27 2009 	The staff at Stay were awesome!	We had a pleasant stay at Stay. Before we arrived, I took the advice of other travelers and requested a corner room. Angie arranged this and kept her word. She was so very pleasant. Sammy, helped us when checking out, by storing our luggage for us and helping us get it into the car. He was so gracious for the tip that we gave him. The chocolates given to us on our second night were great. The room was VERY small, as was the elevator, however, we didn't have to wait long. Again, the staff was unbelievable. We also requested extra towels and they were delivered promptly and we even received a follow-up call. Again, we had a great stay at Stay!	
Jun 25 2009 	Slightyl above average Manhattan hotel room	As far as Manhattan Hotels go, the size of the room is average and the furnishings are relatively new so the rooms are not worn (yet). The hotel was pretty noisy. Despite the fact that I stayed on the 9th floor, several other guests were blasting music late into the nighwhich evoked memories of my college dorm days. Older travelers may want to stay away!The toilet in my room did not work and they could not get it working during my 2-day stay. The hotel reservations sytem was down from the time I checked in on Monday until checkout on Wednesday so that was a big hassle. Great location and great bargain.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Hotel well worth the money!	We went to NY for a long weekend and I went through an extensive list of hotels as all other hotels were either too small, too expensive or the reviews turned me off!! However, I stumbled across Stay Hotel and after arriving we were not disappointed. The rooms may not be the biggest but heh your in NY to be outside not inside. The hotel is brand new and has a funky interior. The bar is great and the drinks are wicked with the cocktails potent! The staff are really pleasant and helpful. When we arrived the water in our room was warm and we called down and an engineer was with us in 5 minutes fixing the problem. The location is also fantastic... with the hotel literally 30 seconds from Times Square and you won't either realise as you don't hear any traffic.In summary this is a great hotel which I will definately be coming back too. If your travelling with a partner this is the perfect hotel.	
Jun 12 2009 	Top Class Location	Stayed here over easter with my wife to be. The location is excellent. You can walk to times square without taking a breath!! Hotel is also quiet for its location. Rooms are very small, but in fairness i was aware of this before booking as it stated the exact size of the room in square feet on their website!Rooms nice-bed extremely comfortable-nice plasma TV in the room. Would i stay here again?-Yes i would. Highlight had to be meeting Jenifer Anniston outside the front door as they were filimg 'The Basting'.Staff very helpful. Hotel lobby very classy...Down side of the hotel- I paid extra to have Breakfast (Continental) included. This consisted of muffins, Orange Juice &amp; Tea. Not even toast or cereal or fruit. Not worth paying extra for. The bar/club in the hotel charge a fortune for drings. One beer and a G&amp;T cost me $20.Overall - -Staff very nice.-Complimentary internet a nice touch.-Rooms very comfortable.-Location excellent.-Food &amp; drink way overpriced. -Will be back	
Jun 8 2009 	good hotel	This hotel is great its just a step way from times square and i thoguht the location was good. There is a diner nearby which is useful and a shop nextdoor. With regards to the noise which some ppI have complained about I DIDNT HEAR ANY . I asked prior to my trip for a room above the forth floor and I was placed on the 6th floor. The rooms are tiny but I expected this and to be honest you are not in your rom long enough for this to bother you. The staff are friendly, rooms clean, service good.	
Jun 7 2009 	A Great Deal and Great Location	I stayed at &quot;Stay&quot; for the first time last week, at the NYC property in Times Square. This is a small hotel with a pretty and modern lobby. My room was probably the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in, but it was clean, comfortable and quiet. The staff was friendly and helpful -- even double checking to make sure my request for an iron had been taken care of. My only complaint was that the hallways were very dimly lit, and with dark walls and dark carpets it felt like I was walking through a tunnel when making my way through the narrow hallway to my room. This is something that should be addressed -- both for perception as well as overall guest safety.As I wrote in the title, it was a great deal for the location -- the heart of Times Square and the theater district. If you are not one to spend a lot of time in your room and don't necessarily care about extra space or luxuries, this is a very good pick especially considering the wonderful staff.	
Jun 1 2009 	Worst experience!	My husband and I recently came back from a weekend getaway in NYC and stayed at STAY. We knew that hotel rooms in NYC are smaller so we paid extra and booked a King size room. The room was small but was fine for the two of us! The decor and location of the hotel was what attracted us to the hotel. However after our first night (Friday night) there we were terribly disappointed! The airconditioning in the room was so loud. It was so loud that we would have to turn it off to talk on our phones. Also, the bar downstairs turns into a night club. Our hotel room was located on the 2nd floor. The music and the bass was so loud and was going until 4AM. On Saturday we complained to the front desk that our air conditioning was soo loud and the music from the night club was so loud. The hotel told us that the rooms were sold our and they were unable to move us. The also told us that the night club is a separate from the hotel. However, the stairways lead directly into the restaurant/night club. The stairways are not &quot;guarded&quot; by hotel staff, so anyone can walk right on up... Saturday night was our last night of our stay. Needless to say the noise level did not change. It proceeded to get worse. I heard several loud noises throughout the night that woke me. On Sunday morning when we left the room to check out we noticed that the outside of our door was busted. It appeared that someone was trying to break into our room. Fortunetly, we had used the the dead bolt (which you can only lock from the inside of the room). As we checked out, there were two other rooms complaining that there rooms were had been attempted to break in and one of the rooms was actually broken in and jewerly was stolen.	
May 27 2009 	Amazing should be a 5 star	After reading some of the other reviews at first I was nervous about reserving however I do not regret my choice. Great area, you'll be about 20 steps away from Time Square. Hotel service was excellent, all rooms are remodeled just a little small. The only thing about the hotel that was a downer was the elevators, there are only 2 and you can only fit 4 people max, very tiny. One other thing, keep your key cards away from electronics, like phones or camera's since it demagnetizes the card. I will return to this hotel for the experience. Awesome business center.	
May 27 2009 	Good Location Small Rooms	The location of the hotel &amp; the people are great, but the room are really small. If you're there to stay in your hotel room, this is the wrong place. But if you're there to check out manhattan, then it's a great location. View isn't great either. This hotel is all about location, location, location. The people &amp; service is great too. I stay with some friends. The staff was very friendly &amp; helpful. Young atmosphere. Front Desk Associates can help with some of the nightlife.A room with a view of the street means going to sleep with the sound of cars honking &amp; waking up to cars honking. The corner rooms seem to be bigger too (we switch rooms). Corner rooms have closets. Walls are a bit thin too. Like I said, location, location, location.	
May 22 2009 	Intolerable deafeningly Loud	We stayed here for 4 nights paid a considerable sum for a queen room and were give a room on the second floor over the bar which we later discovered turned into a private night club at night. The noise from the bar was extreamly loud for three of the nights but we put up with it as it was off time square and to be expected and it generally finished at 2am and with ear plugs it was just about possible to sleep however on the friday night it was deafening and after several hours actually made me feel pysically sick as the base was actually causing vinrations in the roomi and the music was beyond any acceptable levels of tolerance a hotel bedroom. They had a private party and the Dj and base may as well have been in our room even with ear plugs we couldnt deaden the noiseat all. I complained so vehemantly after 1am that the night porter moved us to a room on the 9th floor.The problem with the rooms as i see it on the lower floors is that the central (escape i might add) stairwell is open all the way down from each floor no fire doors until you reach the gorund floor and then you enter directly into the bar. There is no sound proofing worth taking about to the floor slabs or to the circulation routes nothing to stop the noise travelling up several floors. The staff were unfriendly except for one of the door men and the service man. Yes we actually met the service man..3 times in fact which brings me to the next problem, the air conditioning it was making a terrible persistant squeaking sound that lasted several seconds then stoppen and came back randomly. It was too warm to not to have the Aircon on at night so this was annoying. The service man couldnt identify or fix the problem. Also reception when we complained a few times twice didnt pass on the message to him and we had to call again. The final problem was with our toilet which was prone to blocking and not though the excessive use of paper either i might add. We were heading out the first time one morning and reception assured us they would have it fixed. We came back late that night and it was as we had left it. We called recption again and when the service man arrived he said he had never been given the message the first time. He was very helpful and lovely more that i can say about any of the recption staff. In summary if you want to sleep during your stay and expect a reasonable level of service and value for money dont even consider staying here.	
May 21 2009 	This is a club not a hotel	Our room located on the second floor was so loud we could feel the bass from the bar/club downstairs. I could identify almost every song they were playing. Whatever you do don't get a room on the second floor. The music was pumping from 10PM to 4AM. They were booked solid and couldnt move us. It was the worst hotel experience I have ever had. On top of all of that the room was so small that my girlfriend and I couldn't both move at the same time. the closet couldn't fit our clothes that needed to hang and there was nowhere to put our luggage. The only window was on an air shaft that gave us minimal light. Don't ever stay in room 207, although the whole second floor is very loud and probably won't be enjoyable. Also the wireless internet they mention is only in the lobby, bot in your room.All in all I wouldn't recomend this hotel to anyone.	
May 18 2009 	Nice little hotel in perfect location	I was a bit worried about booking our trip at STAY hotel after reading some of the reviews, but I did it anyway, and I don't regret it. The first night I was by myself, so I had booked a queen rom. Not much place, but for a solo traveller just fine. Very clean and cozy room (and it was noisy yes, and with jet-lag it wasn't much sleep to get staying on the 3rd floor, so ask for high floor!).The day after my boyfriend came and joined me, and for $20 more per night we had a king room on 8th floor (no noise), which is what I would say a normal hotelroom in size compared to Europe standard. We slept really well, but don't eat your breakfast at the hotel. Too expencieve and just not worth it! Over $30 for a not so good omelette, an orange juice and a black coffe! No thank you! We had some drinks in the bar every day, yes, again expencieve, but we were on holiday, staying in Times Sq. and knew it would be pricey, and we couldn't really care if it was some dollars more. All the bar-staff was really helpful in suggesting other bars/clubs to go to. Reseption staff excellent! Always helpful for maps, directions and restaurant suggestions. For a first time visitor to NY, you can't beat the location, the rooms or the price.PS. Last tip: We went to have som sushi at Omida, which was great! Cool interior, fantastisc staff and the sushi was out of this world! It is on Broadway between 53 &amp; 54 (if I'm not wrong). Just 5 minutes walk from the hotel.	
May 16 2009 	Great Hotel to experience NYC	My wife &amp; a friend booked this hotel after extensive research on the net based on reviews and cost. &quot;Stay&quot; is in a great location, just adjacent to Times Square/Broadway theaters and a couple of blocks from fashionable 5th Ave and Central Park. Being right in the middle of Manhattan is just perfect for walking or taking a cab to many of NY's sights &amp; attractions. The Hotel is quite hip and modern. The lobby has funky alien lighting and a large floor to ceiling fish tank. The staff are quite young but were attentive and addressed our every needs, although they were quite casual at times and I can see that some may not appreciate this, but it did not bother us. We requested a room on a high floor due to guests previous complaints about noise from the hotel bar/club. We had no issues with noise (apart from the usual NY sounds and regular police sirens) on the 7th Floor and our double room had ample space for 4 people, 2 comfy beds, a wardrobe with safe, LCD tv, Bose Stereo and good sized shower room. The entire hotel is dimly lit (for ambience I guess!) and we needed to put the lights on during the day to get dressed. There is wireless internet, however it is only free to use in the hotel lobby/ground floor and there is a charge to use it in your room which was a little inconvenient. The hotel has a small business centre which we did not use and a trendy bar/restaurant serving mainly light meals (if there is such a thing in the US!) &amp; breakfast, with waitresses &amp; bar staff with extremely short skirts-if you like that kind of thing. There are obviously thousands of other hotels, restaurants and cafes right on the doorstep. Times Square Broadway ticket stand is literally 200 yards away and is the best way of seeing a last minute show usually for 50% of the regular price. Overall &quot;Stay&quot; was a good trendy, clean option for a Manhattan hotel, ideal for singles, couples and small groups visiting the city. Its not perfect and many reviews have mainly complained about staff &amp; noise. Definitely request and insist on a high level room. Staff can be good or bad depending on the day, what you expect of them and how you treat them. During our stay, they remained friendly and helpful and we got to know them over the 5 days we stayed there. My only other mild complaint would be the extremely slow two elevators, which could take an eternity to arrive and take you to your room. Otherwise we had a fantastic stay at STAY.	
May 11 2009 	Stay Away from Stay	We stayed at this hotel last weekend and had a terrible experience. When we made the reservation, we requested to be away from the elevator and at the high level. When we checked in the front desk did not tell us our requests were not available. She just assigned us a room on the 3rd floor and right next to the elevator. When we got into the hotel room, we were disappointed and hope it would not be too noisy. We reserved a medium size room but the room does not even has a space to store one 22&quot; roller bag. The bathroom only has two ceiling lights. It is extremely difficult to shave or do any make up because the light comes from behind our head.In addition, the room was warm. We told the front desk to check the AC unit before we went out. They said they would send someone to check the unit. When we came back in the afternoon, nothing had been changed and there was no notes or message in the phone to address the issue. When we went out for the dinner, we asked the front desk, another person, about the AC issue. We got the same response. They would send someone to fix it. By the late night, we went back to the hotel. The situation was the same but we did not want to move in the midnight so we turned off the AC, because it was loud, and opened the window. The hotel also has a club on the first floor and plays very loud club music. If the hotel gives you a low level room, ask for the ear plugs.At 8am in the morning, the maid started to come to work and we could clearly hear their conversation.After making three complains about the AC and the noise issue and the managers had no intention to fix the AC unit or offered us to change the room. We were so pissed off and we will never go back to this hotel.Besides, this hotel was open in Sept 08 but the materials have already shown signs of wearing out. Their sister hotel, The Time on 49th is much better than the Stay in the value point.	
May 7 2009 	Phenominal Stay At The Modern STAY. Hotel!!	We travelled to NYC for the weekend to see the play &quot;In The Hieghts&quot; and had an amazing time! I was pleasantly suprised to see how great the hotel was considering no one had heard of it not even the taxi drivers. I found it randomly while searching NYC hotels online and Im SO glad I did!! It was a hotel that will always stand out in my opinion...The atmosphere alone was so unique and gorgeous! The hotel was VERY clean...we didnt have any complaints!As mentioned in a few reviews the rooms were very small but what do u expect for Mew York in the theatre destrict?? Unless ur willing to pay $700 a night for a resonably sized room then thats what you get...and I dont know about you but when we were there we barely satyed in the room at all...there is too much to do and see! It was perfect for what we needed....sleeping and changing and thats all...The room was very cute and modern! There was no view but again its what is expected from a NYC hotel in that destrict..It was my hirst time to NYC and I even knew that...Staff~The staff were amazing!! Everyone was freindly and very quick to hlp you out! We have to say that the concierge Walter is who really made our trip!! Being our first time we knew nothing and needed alot of help and guidance and opinions and he was there to help us out every step of the way!! My b/f and I have to say THANK YOU very much Walter for the amazing Champaign and Apetizers provided to us at the restaurant!! As well for the great photography! So all in all it was a great stay at STAY. and I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in the Times Square/ Broadway Destrict! It was a great location and Phenominal hotel!! When your there say hi to Walter...He will be happy to help you out with anything!!	
May 6 2009 	Fantastic	We've just returned from an amazing trip to New York and a great stay at Stay. Hotel was ideally located, inbetween 6th and 7th avenues, just steps away from Broadway and Times Square. There is a couple of Irish bars, a couple of deli's and the amazing Evergreens restaurant/deli on the same street. You have to try Evergreens for breakfast - good food, really quick service and friendly staff. I would recommend the omelettes - husband recommends the lumberjack.Stay itself looks impressive and minimalist from the outside. Lobby is very chic,very modern with funky lights, tropical fish tanks and comfy sofas. Staff were polite and quick to help us check in or with anything else we needed. We had a queen room on the 2nd floor. Yes, it was small but how big a room do you need when all you are doing is sleeping in it? Plus, we both had big bags with us and there was ample room to store them (under the desk and in bottom of small wardrobe) and to store all our shopping bags without feeling like we were tripping over things. Bathroom was small but had a great walk in shower - we had no problems getting hot water and we used the shower at various times of the day. When i was told we had a room on the 2nd floor i was a bit worried as i had read the various reviews about noise from the nightclub below - i'd even packed us ear plugs as a precaution. We were directly above the bar/club(for some reason they count the ground floor as floor 1, which can get confusing in a lift) but i can honestly say that the noise never once disturbed us. Yes you can hear it but it's more the thud of the bass rather than actually being able to hear words of songs or music itself. We never once needed to use our ear plugs, we were so worn out that we were asleep before our heads hit our pillows and the background noise was so unobstrusive that it never once bothered us. The only thing about the room that was disturbing was that the smoke alarm flashes a white light every 30 seconds or so. It was disorientating the first night, but you can't see it when your eyes are shut and it was not bright enough to be truely disturbing. On our 2nd day we got back to the room to find that our air conditioning had broken. We reported it to reception and within 10 minutes an engineer appeared. It was something really simple to do with a tripped switch, he fixed it instantly but then checked all the unit just to make sure there was nothing else wrong. He was very thorough and pleasant. No more problems with it for the rest of our stay.Room was cleaned every day, clean linen and towels also. No problems like other people have mentioned.I would definitely recommend this hotel, i would say to be prepared for the flashing smoke alarm and maybe expect a little background noise but neither bothered us. Location is excellent. We got a really good price and would definitely stay there again.	
May 1 2009 	Beautiful!	This hotel is absolutly stunning and the service was EXCELLENT. The staff were extremely helpful with our requests and were more than happy to help us plan our day or provide us with recommended places to eat or see, giving us maps and directions too. We really felt as if they genuinely cared that we had a good time.  Our rooms were cleaned/tidied TWICE a day, faultlessly, and chocolates and the weather forecast was left on our bed! A very thoughful touch. The hotel itself is beautiful and the location is brilliant, a few seconds walk to the centre of Times Square. Although we didn't eat or drink at the hotel, the bar and restarant were beautifully decorated and we were always acknowledged by the staff when walking past. I agree that the airconditioning was a bit noisy, but not worth complaining about. The rooms were on the small side, but quality over quanity definatly showed, especially with the tv, bathrobes, alarm/radio, and the bed which reminded us of a giant marshmellow!! (in the absolute best possible way!), plus who goes to New York and sits around in their room anyway!!We will definatly recommend this hotel to others.	
Apr 24 2009 	Very average...	We were generally disappointed with our stay here. We encountered a few problems with the room. A very noisy air conditioner that was so loud we couldn't sleep, and also a shower that would not drain. Both problems were reported when discovered and we were told somebody would come up straight away and fix the problem. Nobody came so reported it again the next day. The air conditioner was 'fixed' although it was still relatively noisy however the shower was not and was still was not draining so you could only have a quick shower before it overflowed, not pleasant! It's just a pain when you are on holidays to deal with all of these inconveniences. We were there the Saturday night as well and you could hear the bass thumping from the nightclub below so that was a little disturbing as well. Wouldn't stay here again. Just felt the whole hotel lack ambience, really disappointed. Much prefer the Hudson hotel, alot more personality and better value for money I think.	
Apr 22 2009 	Excellent Location	Myself and a fellow friend had to share a double bed for the 1st 2 nights but booking last minute and being easter we didnt mind. We then moved into a 2 double bed room which was massive, it was cleaned every day to a high standard. The location of the hotel was amazing just off broadway and Times square, the only downside is that it is a bit pricey and they dont have tea/coffee maker which is a big must in hotels.	
Apr 21 2009	Nothing new except lobby	I have stayed here before. It has been many things in the past like Quality Quites hotel. They did have a coffee maker in 2005. Stay Hotel took it out. The bathroom was not swept all four nights I was there. I saw little chuncks of glass threw away one piece and left a piece under the sink to see if they would sweep, never did. Then they have this fire alarm that is like a tiny camera flash that kept me up every night. I can't believe no one else mentioned this. The bathroom light above sink was dark. The bright light was in the shower. So watch out ladies when putting on makeup. The room itself for a small room was about 8 x 8 if that much. I wanted to measure it before I left but forgot. Also, when trying to open the door. The handle needs to be turn upward not downward like you think, like most door handles. Then i had to get someone to come up and show me how since they did not point this out when checking in, so you look goofy in the hallway. So they said to have you Driver License out with key. So I did and after that I nver saw my license again. I was exhauted when I checked in but did not realized it until I got to Macy for free coupon to shop for out of towners, So not until I spoke to a very nice man at the bar next door said to go fill out a police report so i did that night before I left on april 20. The hotel front desk never said anything like that, they are very young people at this hotel. So please watch out what goes on around you. Have a safe trip. If you like a bigger room then you need to go somewhere else. I thought with all the changes they claim to have made I thought the rooms would have been bigger. Also it is just a walk in shower, no tub. So think about those things before getting a room here or ask about the size. Watch out for scams too.	
Apr 21 2009 	Could have been better!	My friend had booked this hotel on priceline. For the price we paid we were very disappointed. Like so many other reviews our room was really small. We had to practically crawl over the bed to get to the other side. And the view was of a nice brick building, however we could see the M&amp;M World sign if we turned to the side. Once the luggage was on the floor there was very little moving room. The bathroom was also small but for two girls we were able to work around that. Housekeeping only came to the room once during our three night stay and they didn't do anything but leave chocolate and the next day's weather forcast. Elevators were on the small side too but they did have two of them and that helped things a little. Unfortunately the elevator moved slowly and took a little time to get from the 7th floor to the main level. And to get internet in the room, you had to pay an extra $10. On a good note. The hotel was very clean and the rooms were in good condition. Location was great!!! Just off of Times Square and all the broadway shows you can see. I wouldn't tell people to stay away but I would make sure you get a really really good price for a room.	
Apr 20 2009 	Definitely not the best	There were only a few things I could think of to list as positives for this hotel after leaving. The location is fantastic, Times Square is literally just around the corner from the front door. The lobby is chic, as is the bar. The place looked clean, and the bed was very comfortable. The rooms are incredibly small. We could barely get around the bed, and the shower was extremely small too. The cleaning crew came once, after four in the afternoon...and I'm not entirely sure what they did in the room besides leave chocolates and a weather forecast for the next day. The bed was unmade when we returned and the towels hadn't been changed in the bathroom. The hotel advertised free internet, but this is true only if you use their business center. If you want to use your laptop in your room, you have to pay 10 dollars a day. The staff was not very friendly at the front desk, however there was always someone to open a door for us or hail a cab. Also, our room was incredibly warm, despite the a/c running constantly...I can't imagine how bad it will be in the summer. There will definitely need be a noticeable change before I even think about going back, and I'm definitely not recommending this to anyone I know.	
Apr 20 2009 	Best location for the dollar!	My husband and I arrived late April 14th to check in for our two night stay. We were greeted promptly at the front desk, and checked in very quickly. Our room was a bit on the small side, but as other travellers have stated, we were not in New York to stay in our room. The room itself was very clean, and it had everything we were looking for - a bed and a bathroom. The hotel does provide really nice French amenities in the bathroom and the room also included two bathrobes which I thought was a nice touch for a three star brand. We had no issues regarding hot water - there was plenty of it! There was also a minibar in the room which was well stocked. A flat screen television hung on the wall. The room was kept very clean during our stay.There is a business station downstairs with two computers. We used it once, and it was handy to check emails and local weather.The hotel itself is in a wonderful location. You are literally steps away from Times Square and all it's energy. We were also just a few blocks away from Rockefeller Centre and Radio City Music Hall. Once we started walking around I could not believe how close everything was to this property. There are restaurants within walking distance to meet every budget.We will most definitely be staying here again on our next trip to New York City.	
Apr 19 2009 	Unusual hotel good value for Manhattan	Stay is a totally renovated older 10 story building on 47th Street near 7th Avenue. The location is excellent for Broadway shows; the half price ticket kiosk is right down the street and the major theaters, as well as many other attractions, are easy walking distance. Many subway lines are nearby, and 47th is a busy commercial stretch with useful inexpensive restaurants for breakfast and quick meals. • The main disadvantage of Stay is that the rooms are extremely small. My queen standard room was 12' X 12' and most of that taken up by the bed, leaving a narrow strip of carpet to navigate around the room. I was travelling alone so I could manage but even two people would find it close quarters. • However, the lobby and the rooms are stylish and chic, and my room was very clean. The decor is gray/black/white with touches of burnt orange in silk drapes (covering the narrow window looking onto an air shaft). Very attractive overall. The bed is excellent with nice linens. All the fittings are upscale, big wall-mounted TV. Bathroom, also very small, was perfectly clean, well lit, with step-in shower stall. • An important plus: the climate control system worked very well, so I could make the room cold to sleep as I prefer, and warm it up quickly in the morning.• The lobby + bar turns into a noisy, but well-behaved, club in the evenings. Getting a room Not directly above it was good advice from tripadvisor. My 5th floor room was quiet.• At a good price, as I got from expedia, Style is good value.* This hotel is good if you are on a brief trip, out all day and only in to change clothes and sleep. A longer visit when you may want to use your hotel room more would become uncomfortable in the cramped room. The staff were pleasant and helpful with my questions about subway directions.	
Apr 19 2009 	Tiny rooms Great location	We have booked this hotel through priceline, not knowing what we'll get...When we first entered - it looked very stylish. once we got to our room we were very much disappointed - the room was so small - we can't even open the door without it bumping into the bed.There was no floor space at all. When we got our bags in (we had to go down and take them ourselves - the bellboy forgot...) - there was no more room left.The room did look good, impeccable design, cool L'occitane products waiting in the shower and a big screen TV - but no room to move - it was depressing.Even the view from the window was a brick wall...After 10 minutes we asked to switch rooms, they guy at the reception said they had none available - but we can check the next day. Luckily - the next day they found us a bigger room. They even moved our bags there when we were out. the second room was much better, there was even a floor. But not perfect - we had some problems with pluming there. It took the staff 2 days to tend to it. I went to the reception desk 3 times to remind them... they finally got it fixed the evening before we checked out.As for location - the hotel is right next to Times Sq. which was very convenient. 2 minutes walk from the famous ‘Lindy’s’ (good cheesecake).One more good thing - free internet access to hotel guests.	
Apr 16 2009 	Couldn't ask for better in a big city	We got a rate which averaged $180 per night, which with tax came to $1050 for a 5-night stay. The location is unbeatable. Only two drawbacks: the rooms are small (but then this is a huge city, and to get a rate like that you have to make compromises), and the noise from the bar goes on until late on Friday and Saturday nights - I'd suggest asking for a room on a higher floor if this will be an issue for you.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great location and very comfortable for the price	My boyfriend and I stayed for 3 nights and had a great first time NYC experience. Not only was the hotel incredibly close to Times Square and other awesome places (including the NBC building, which came in handy when we sat in line all night for standby SNL tickets), but the price was reasonable for NYC, the bed was very comfortable, and the staff was very friendly, especially concierge(s). Yes, the rooms are tiny, but they're comfortable and clean and if you go to NYC you shouldn't be staying in your room very much anyway! The lobby is beautiful as well. If I had any complaints (other than the smallness of the rooms) it would be that the elevators were kind of a long wait at times and that maid service rounds seemed to start rather early in the morning and the knock woke us up a few times. Those issues were rather minor however and considering the price and location I would consider this place a great deal and definitely would stay there again!	
Apr 7 2009 	brilliant location	hotel stay was a clean modern and central hotel with all the sights of central square on your doorstep. my husband and I spent four nights here and enjoyed it very much. Rooms were small but very clean and beds were comfortable, staff was helpful and would stay here again if we returned.	
Apr 6 2009 	Patience is a virtue	Love the decor location. for NYC, the room size is pretty good. When I'm in NYC I don't need a lot of amenities in my hotel as I'm there to change clothes and sleep, not listen to an ipod.However, the service in the dining area is sort of crazy. Everyone was as nice as they could be, but breakfast was cracking us up. A business traveller or someone on a schedule would lose their mind. We ordered eggs and toast and a couple of sides. Got the eggs.and sides. Waited for toast. Asked again for toast. Ate eggs and sides before they got too cold. Asked again for toast. Waited some more. Had lots of coffee. Table was bussed, still no toast. Finally got toast and a fresh set of table ware. The place wasn't busy and our order wasn't complicated. I did notice that other diners seemed to be having the same problem. I can't say I ever had this kind of problem before. Eggs and toast together....what's hard?Otherwise, Stay is great. It could be noisy for some from the late night activity in Aspen, but we weren't especially bothered.The desk help is very pleasant and efficient. Walter is great!I'd recommend Stay but only to people with a sense of humor and a dose of patience.	
Mar 21 2009 	excellent location	Hotel was in an excellent location just of Times Square. Room was small but had everything that was needed. Maid service every day. Some days chocolate and next day weather forecast left in room. Fridge in bedroom. Our room was at the back and had a view of the wall and rubbish that had been thrown on to roof, but at least in was quiet at night. I think if you were at the front of the hotel it would be quiet noisy. Only used the bar once as it was very expensive $22 for one Gin and Tonic and a bottle of beer. Plenty of pubs nearby if you want a cheaper priced drink. Turn left when you leave hotel and the local cafe the Evergreen does an excellent breakfast. We got a good deal as we booked early but may be quite expensive. Staff all very helpful. You can even borrow umbrellas when it rains, but make sure you return it as it would cost you $25 if you dont. Would definitely stay here again if I was to return to New York.	
Mar 20 2009 	This place was great!	We came in on Friday the 13th and was amazed at how close everything was to the hotel. We could not get into our room until 3 but, the staff recommended a great little resturant around the corner. We stayed in room 201 above the resturant but, I must say that we fell asleep rather fast after a busy day on the town. I don't remember it being &quot;too loud&quot; but, to each there own. I on the other hand expected it to be much louder since it is the city that never sleeps. Thank you are your great service, clean rooms and friendly staff.	
Mar 16 2009 	Best boutique hotel we've stayed at yet.	Just got back from a 2-night stay at Stay and would totally book a room here again the next time we're in NYC!Pros:To say this hotel is conveniently located would be an understatement. You're 1/2 block from the center of Times Square, 3 blocks from Radio City, and the area is packed with bars and restaurants. The bar/lounge in the hotel, the Aspen Social Club, is a funky lodge-themed space that packs people in on Friday and Saturday nights, so you can have a drink here before/after your evening plans. The hotel was spotless and decorated in a quirky, slick, modern style that we really enjoyed. They also have room service and a business center with free internet access on the computers, 2 amenities that don't usually exist in a boutique hotel. The staff were all super-friendly and attentive, saying hello whenever we walked by. The rooms were clean, nicely decorated and had all the basics, including a giant flat-screen TV mounted on the wall. (To comment on some other reviews here -- yes the rooms are small, but this is a BOUTIQUE hotel in TIMES SQUARE. If you want a larger room, then you should book a room at the Marriott or Hilton and pay more than double the cost of a room at Stay.) The bed was super-comfortable, I slept better than I do at home in my own bed!Cons:Not many. The AC was noisy in our room, and didn't work very well, so we just cracked our window open and were fine. Because of its closeness to Times Square, the lights of the electronic billboards shine in the rooms, but their window shades were really good at keeping the room really dark. The shower was hot enough, but Monday morning we were able to get the water REALLY hot... probably because many guests had checked out by then and not as many people were using up the hot water.All in all, this is a great hotel -- convenient, fun, nice staff. We've already talked about staying there again when we're in the city again.	
Mar 16 2009 	Very clean very friendly...highly recomended..most comfortable sleep ever	The staff was very friendly from the concierge to the maid staff. The hotel was clean. Bed was comforable. Great location to everything. Other ratings mentioned noise from the club downstairs, i was on the 5th floor i had no problem with noise level and i'm a very light sleeper...They even held my bags after i check out so i could finish enjoying the city without having to lug them around with me...overall very satisfied with my stay	
Mar 15 2009 	If every hotel had staff like this you would never change where you stay!	We booked a weekend for March 12 to 15th. It was our 14 year old's first time in New York. I bid on Priceline and got a good price. I called the hotel, and found though that this was only for one queen sized bed. The young lady I spoke with said that there was no problem and I could upgrade for $50 per night to get 2 doubles. This was great.On our arrival, I found that Priceline had called the hotel, and told them I only needed one bed. The hotel reasonably enough changed it back to one queen. The unfortunate thing was that they were now sold out of rooms with two beds.This was when I met a manager, I believe his name is Patrick (apologize if I've got it incorrect). I heard him on the telephone with Priceline, and he couldn't get an answer as to how this had happened. Obviously we were concerned.Patrick couldn't seem to get satisfaction from Priceline, but quickly found a way to make it right. This made a tough situation quite good. We were very pleased.Now, about the hotel. The location is about 30 paces to Broadway, Times Square, and all the shows. This is ideal for a tourist. Can't say enough.I hadn't flown into Newark in the past, so the day before we attended, I called, and spoke to Walter, the concierge. Can't say enough good things about him. He advised us to take the Coach USA bus from the airport to the Bus Terminal, which is about a 10 minute walk to the hotel. This was $70 round trip for all three of us. Its a good saving, because a lot of the cars or shutles where tolls and tips are extra.The hotel lobby is beautiful. It seems that several times a day they are cleaning it. The rooms were well kept, and the beds were new I think, and very comfortable. The are small as others have written, but we weren't going to play football there anyway. The washroom was fine, and in the morning there was lots of hot water. The Bose radio, and large screen TV are nice touches.There is a bar in the lobby, and I think my wife and I would have had a night cap there, but we were with the 14 year old on this trip, so that was not happening this time. Seemed nice enough though, and liked the music.There is a restaurant, that seemed a little pricey to me.... $16 for coffee and pastry etc, but there is a deli next store, and a good but cheap restaurant only two doors beyond that. We like to go to different places to eat anyway.Back to Walter, the concierge.... if you are there, take advantage of his knowledge, he'll send you to plays, and to great sights.The whole staff treated us like we were special guests.We will be back!	
Mar 15 2009 	Great location horrible service	We stayed at Stay on Friday, March 13th! It was quite our bad luck. We were so happy when we checked in as the location is great and the lobby was very chic. We got there at 2:30 and were told to come back in 30 minutes for a room (check in was 3, so this didn't surprise me although in most hotels in NYC we've been able to get in earlier). We came back at 4 and got room 205 dropped off our stuff and went to dinner and a concert. When we came back at 12:30am and stared walking up the stairs to our room, I knew we were in trouble. We were right above the hotel club - NO ONE warned us about this. The music was obscenely loud. I went back to the front desk and said that we had to be moved as it was way too loud -- I was told, and I still can't believe this was the response - that they would ask the club manager to turn the music down. I went back upstairs furious and my husband and I laid in bed listening to the pounding music. 45 minutes later, I left a &quot;message&quot; for the hotel manager. Someone promptly called back and said they could move us and &quot;upgrade&quot; us to a king size room. Does anyone care at 1:30am if their room is &quot;king sized&quot;. We moved and finally fell asleep. The walls are very thin - the next morning we kept hearing what I assume was housekeeping doing something with plastic bags over an over. As we went to leave I noticed there was a note and breakfast vouchers from the hotel. We threw them out as we just wanted to get home and get some sleep. I would NOT recommend this hotel - there are way too many other ones with better service in NYC.	
Feb 27 2009 	Poor Service	This hotel is located very close to so many good things, but you can do better elsewhere.Upon our arrival we were told our online booking had not been processed yet, we were asked to take a seat and wait. 40 mins later the lady who asked us to sit down walked passed in street clothes (on her way out) saying it would not be long. After watching numerous people having problems with check in and check out I wished we hadn't pre paid as it was obviously a big mistake to STAY here. A member of staff finally sensed our frustration as we wondered the lobby for the fifth time. He proceeded to explain that we were waiting because the bookings staff finish early on Saturdays (the day before) and that our online booking would take time to process as nobody had checked the booking yet from the previous day. A joke! I explained that staffing issues are not the customers problem, but the managements. This was met with apologies that seem to be so routine that they mean nothing... A hotel that does not check its online bookings because they have nobody to do it??Any good hotel could have check us in quicker as a walk in! My advise to anyone looking to stay here- Yes its cheap, but you will be better paying a few extra buck to stay at the W just down the road. Or splurge and go for the Bryant park.Some advise to the Hotel- If you screw up a booking, don't make people wait an hour in your lobby when you could set them up in the bar with free drinks (standard in most good hotels). If you do need to sort stuff out before a room can be given, please please use communication, don't ignore the people who pay your bills. The location of Stay is great, but the service is so so substandard for a NY hotel that you really have little chance of survival in the market place unless you sort it out.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great location poor staff	We stayed at the Stay hotel in Times Square for 2 nights.Is a renovated hotel 20 meters from Time Square.We had booked a medium size room but it was really small.Quite trendy and well equiped (flat Tv,Bose sound system).If you consider the location of the hotel the price of the rooms makes it very appealing.Last year (2008) we stayed at the W hotel in Time Square which had almost double price and it was quite dark.Also at the Q hotel at Time Suare (has changed name now) had also very very small rooms and was more expensive from the Stay hote but it had a great indoor small pool were parties were taking place.The Stay had a very nice bar and restaurant.Although the hotel is quite good it has a serious problem with the staff which is unfriendly .	
Feb 20 2009 	The room was only good enough to sleep in	If you are looking for great location and just some where to sleep for a quick stay, Stay is fine. If you expect more basics, say a hot shower or toiletries, good luck. I would not recommend Stay for any more than a couple of nights if you had to stay here. We stayed 5 and that was way too many for a place you couldn't be comfortable in.The lobby decor is awesome and the room is finished nicely. So, you really WANT to like this place. Check-in went smoothly and I can't comment on the lobby staff other than that because we did not have any other contact with them.Understanding this is Manhattan and space is limited, the room was TINY. There was probably 8 inches from the end of the bed to the wall so you were better off climbing over the bed to get to the other side. 2 suitcases occupied half of all the available floor space. My husband and I are 5'10&quot; and 5'2&quot; and small framed and it was too tight for us to spend any time relaxing in the room. One person might fight it okay. If everything else is good, you could overlook the tight quarters but that was far from the case. If you are not an early riser or early to bed, be warned you will not have hot, or even warm water available to you. We noticed this the first night and it continued to prove itself true the entire trip. This is a REAL problem when you are traveling during the winter and just want a warm shower at the end of the day to help you thaw. Also, sleeping by the window was very uncomfortable because the window is probably original to the building. The silk curtains do nothing to stop the cold air from creating a freezing draft all night.Cleanliness: old does not turn me off but a few other things made me not want to think about what they did or did not do at the hotel. First of all, everything I picked up from the floor (bags, socks...) had long blonde hair sticking to it. Neither of us have long or blonde hair. The slate tiles in the bathroom had a good deal of white buildup but the while subway tiles and grout looked fine. But the basics of wiping the sink or mirror while you stayed were not attended to.Toiletries: Good thing I pack my own just in case. 1st day: We had shampoo, conditioner and body wash the first night. No bar soap to wash your hands with or lotion; but they did have 2 chocolates on the bed. 2nd day: they did not leave a new shampoo, conditioner or body wash but we did get a bar soap. No chocolates, no lotion. They took our used wash cloths and did not leave any new ones. 3rd day: A lotion finally and chocolates again but nothing else even though the toiletries were all used up. 4th day: New shampoo, conditioner and body wash finally. No lotion, no chocolates. 5th day: A bag of bar soaps left on the bed. Overall, no rhyme or reason.A few other notes: there was no iPod dock. The safe is the small standard kind they have everywhere-big enough for a wallet or two but definitely not your laptop. The internet was supposed to be included in the package I bought online but that was not honored. They wanted an additional $19.95/day. The lighting in the whole place is very dim-it sets a great mood but makes getting ready in the morning (putting on makeup) impossible.It was not a horrible experience. I just wouldn't recommend it unless you got it for cheap- $125ish and only that much because of its location. We paid with taxes and such almost $200/night- Definitely not worth that.	
Feb 19 2009 	Surprisingly a wonderful place to 'STAY'!	I have to be honest, when I placed my bid for a hotel in NYC on priceline.com, I was a little worried when &quot;Stay&quot; emerged as the hotel that was selected for my weekend of lisure and shopping. I had not heard of this boutique establishment prior to this. Much to my surprise, I was very happy with the accomodations. Service was commendable, location perfect (close proximity to Times Square) and the room spotless. I would highly recommend 'Stay' as a wonderful place to stay!	
Feb 17 2009 	Great Location Good Service Nice (but) SMALL Rooms	We stayed here for 3 nights. The location is great and the service was good. The rooms on the other hand, were tiny. The amenities were nice and the beds were comfortable, but the space was very, very small. The overall value was good though.	
Feb 17 2009 	Ugh. A Painful Stay at Stay.	We booked a room at Stay for Valentine's Day weekend. We arrived later in the evening (9pm). We checked in and immediately jumped in a cab to make our dinner reservations. The doorman would not hail a cab for us. When we returned at 1:30am, we discovered that our TV didn't work. When we called the front desk, they told us to push the power button on the top of the TV. After a few minutes of searching, we found the power button on the bottom of the TV (it's one of the fancy flatscreens where buttons are hidden). The TV turned on, but the remote was out of batteries. It took three visits from a hotel staffer to get the right batteries. Each time he left, he let the door slam. The hotel is small and the walls are thin. I'm sure our neighbors weren't pleased. I know I was upset the next night when a few drunk girls from the bar downstairs come up to the 7th floor shouting and letting doors slam. The TV had five channels, not the normal standard cable package.The next day, we woke up to take a shower to find that there was no soap, shampoo or other toiletries. We called down to the front desk and they sent up a housekeeper with four bottles of shampoo and nothing else.Despite the Do Not Disturb message, the housekeepers came knocking. We asked them to come back later, which they never did.Our room didn't have the amenities that the hotel advertises: stereo system with ipod cradle (nope), l'occitane toiletries (nope), iron (nope), HBO channel (nope), staff committed to a restful stay (nope).And finally, when we checked out and asked for our car (had been valet parked by the hotel), the charge was $45 per day, rather than the $35 they quoted me on the phone. The beds and pillows were super comfortable, but the rest of the stay was not ideal. The location is great if you're in NYC to go to shows.	
Feb 14 2009 	I would never stay at STAY again!	We stayed at STAY on Friday to Sat in Feb 2009.We got there early (11:30 a.m.) and they had a room.We asked for a high floor away from noise and they accommodated on the ninth floor. There is a REALLY noisy bar downstairs at night. Small cute lounge at well.Check in was smooth and fast. 2 TINY elevators that are really slow...The room was so small they didn't even have a place to put clothes..no chair either.. the plasma TV was almost as big at the room (ridiculous!).. the bathroom was hideous.. the shelf for holding stuff was crooked so unusable, shower was a gross stall... Bed was too soft... radio went off early and when I pulled it out of wall it kept going off....!Yick... for $165 + taxes (around $200) This was rip off.. never again will be stay at this place...	
Feb 10 2009 	Awful 'old' place	This hotel is an old building that was just renovated in order to make it look pretty but it has none of the basis requirements that a business traveller or for that matter any traveller would be looking for. The rooms are dingy and small with very little lighting. They seemed to have crammed in as many rooms on each floor so as to maximize revenue. The service is not particularly good. The elevators are terrible and old. They just seem to have taken an old building and made cosmetic changes to make it look aesthetically appealing but it does not provide any comfort which is what one expects from a hotel. What do I need to look at a fancy lobby for??? It makes no sense if there is bad service and bad facilities. I'm going back to the Helmsley which although more expensive, provides ammenities and space that you would expect from a hotel. The Stay is just not a real hotel. It was built I think back in the 30's and is just an old building with old facilities but wrapped in glitter. I had recommended the hotel to my other business colleagues and I am embarassed that I made such a recommendation.	
Jan 29 2009 	will 'STAY' again!	This Hotel is in a great location in the city. Its less than one block away from the famous TKTS booth and almost smack dab in the middle of Times Square. The staff is very friendly and helped out a lot with planning and made great suggestions on food and entertainment options. The hotel itself is beautiful and has a fun little bar/restaurant downstairs.	
Jan 29 2009 	Stay Hotel is Pure Relaxation	I recently visited New York City for a girlfriend's 30th Birthday and booked a room at Stay Hotel, Manhattan's newest luxury hotel. Having stayed at The Time, NYC in the past, I decided to try out the new sister hotel.The staff is extremely helpful and very accommodating. The hotel's interior design instantly give you the feel of pure relaxation and the comfortable bed and pillows allow you to relax away from the hustle and bustle of the city at the end of the day. It is also very conveniently located in the heart of Time Square. While in town, we attended a showing of Wicked and found it very easy to walk to (even in the bitter cold!).Aspen Social Club, located at the bottom of the hotel, was a great nightlife spot. We enjoyed listening to the sounds of the DJ while sipping on cocktails before and after our Broadway show. The DJ spun top 40 hits and had the entire crowd singing and dancing.I highly recommend visiting Stay Hotel for your next trip to NYC.	
Jan 28 2009 	Not so bad...	DATE:28/01/2009Reviewer:A TripAdvisor Member, PORTUGALGreat location...Elevators? not so slow...Staff? fine with me...very nice space(lobby,aspen club)Rooms?ok...maybe a little bit bigger will do no harm..but i dont go to NY to stay at the hotel..Next time to NY?probably STAY Hotel again	
Jan 25 2009 	Stay Away...or stay at your own peril	I would not recommend this hotel for business travel. Although the property was recently renovated, and it has some redeeming qualities, it is nevertheless of low quality from a service stand-point. I loved the new lobby but unfortunately the standard decreases significantly as one takes the lift to their room. I suppose all good sales pitches have to lure you in somehow, and the pictures on the hotel website of the lobby in this hotel sure does this. The service standard just does not support the business traveller. The elevator is terrible (even when it is working). If you purchase something you should be given the service stated by the provider on their website. This hotel falls very short of the service it claims to provide. The internet does not work properly. The staff are very unprofessional. I would make an exception and exclude most of the front desk personnel, although the front desk manager (I believe his name is Tom ) is terrible to deal with. He seems to take any request personally. I remember there was a front office manager called Maurice (an Irish man) who was so charming and helpful. I suppose they get rid of the good people when they upgrade their properties. Anyhow, rooms are very small, walls thin, ammenities weak and generally service just below par. I expected basic service when it was the Quality hotel Times Square as prices reflected this, but I won't pay current rates for sub-standard service. I tried to contact the General Manager of the property, Chris Mallon, but he never returned my calls. Par for the course......I suppose bad service comes from the top down. In retrospect, I should have read over the other reviews which demonstrate a lack of consistency when it comes to good service.	
Jan 23 2009 	Not bad at all....	My wife and I decided to have a short break in New York. We arrived in Mid Jan for 5 nights.The hotel we selected was a good choice, I feel. On W47th street, in the diamond district, but just off Times Square. From the outside it is not much to look at. The street is pretty shabby, dirty, and of course, noisy. But inside, it is another story.It has a great lobby. Love the fish in the giant tanks! And of course, since it was January, there were few guests, so it was quick and easy to check in and out. Small issues to be mentioned include the very noisy intercom systems that the hotel staff use in the hallways on each floor. The sound of their talking via the system penetrates very easily through the door and can easily wake you. In fact, I would have to say that noise was the biggest issue I have with this hotel. Not that you can really blame them for it, since after all, ambulances make a lot of noise, and if you can hear street noise easily that is just to be expected. Even six floors up. What is NOT expected however, is to be able to hear and even feel the music coming from the hotel bar until the very small hours. Around 4 in the morning, to be precise! But even with these concerns, the staff were friendly, helpful and certainly helped to make our stay pleasant. The room was very nice, and we even got a free upgrade to a bigger room. All in all, I was pleased with the choice of hotel, and if I intended to visit New York again, I would most definately stay with Stay again. It is very centrally located, easy to find, and very good value. At least in January!	
Jan 18 2009 	Great Hotel in Heart of Broadway NY	Stayed over this past weekend from Friday through Sunday 1/18/09 and booked through Priceline. Orginally was going to just get a double bed but when we arrive the hotel upgraded usto a Queen size bed with no additional costs to us. Yes, the rooms are smaller than most but the staff was friendly, polite and the hotel was clean with a great modern boutique lobby.The room itself had a small fridge to put wine/beer in it and most important was hot water with good water pressure for a great shower. There were bathrobes to use and a hairdryer, iron board plus bathroom soaps and lotions. The comfortable bed had a soft feather down comforter with 4 thick pillows and a BOSE radio/alarm clock right next to the bed. Being just a 3 blocks from the Metro &quot;Redline #1&quot; and just around the corner from Broadway made this a convenient and quiet hotel.If you are coming to NYC, especially on Broadway you want a clean quiet and reasonably priced hotel. We paid only$150 per night and enjoyed our stay at the &quot;Stay Hotel&quot; . The only reason I did not give a 5 star rating was because the rooms are small and several large pieces of luggage would make it cramped for many people.	
Jan 18 2009 	Stay within your budget at Stay	I do a fair amount of business travel for a company that is exceptionally cost-conscious. It is difficult to find decent lodging in NYC while staying within the travel budget allocated me, but i managed to do it, (and even with a dash of style!) at Stay.Upon entry, I found the lobby decor to be updated and very pleasing -- i like the aquariums in the seating area, which were a calming sight after the ruckus of the NY streets! The staff was limited and overworked when I arrived, but they were still gracious and accomodating, though obviously tired. I was able to get into my room at the unheard of hour of 11am, which was a huge bonus, as any business traveler knows.There are only 2 elevators at Stay, and both are quite small. It didn't prove to be an issue, but you will spend some time waiting for them.I liked the color scheme of the room (orange is a favorite!), and though the quarters were tight even in my &quot;Large&quot; room with a king-size bed (which is typical for NYC), the rate was just $220, which is exceptionally reasonable for the Times Square area of Manhattan. I found the bed to be very comfortable, with nice sheets and a fluffy duvet. It was great that there was an actual closet in the room, a large flat-screen tv on the wall, and the blackout shades on the windows were awesome. The hotel's updated phone system was also really nice because a digital touchscreen allowed you to set your own wakeup calls &amp; such, and the tone of the alarm was actually pleasant to wake to.The bathroom isn't as tiny as in some hotels of this level I've stayed at, but it isn't grand by any stretch. There was only a shower, no tub, but the shower itself was spacious enough &amp; its interior was updated with tiled walls and a slate floor that ran thru the entire bathroom. The hotel features L'Occitane products, which was also a nice little surprise. The issue i had with the bathroom is that there is a pedestal sink with no counter space, only a very tiny glass ledge beneath the mirror for your toiletries &amp; &quot;stuff&quot; -- the sloped forward tank lid on the toilet didn't afford any more surface-area for toiletry items! However, everything was very clean, and there were extra towels in the bathroom, always a plus!Do note that if noise bothers you, you should definitely request a room on a higher floor -- Aspen is the very cool bar on the ground floor of the hotel that was surprisingly busy until at least 4am....and was also surprisingly loud in my 3rd floor room on my first night there! With earplugs in and the room's fan turned on high, i could still clearly hear a very methodical thump of bass and the music from the bar most of the night, which didn't bode well for getting any sleep. I requested a move the next day, which was very politely acommodated (i'm sure they get that a LOT...) and i then had no problems with noise in my new room on the 8th floor.All in all, I'd definitely stay at Stay again...it fit my budget yet didn't feel bare bones, old or dirty like many of the other hotels within this price range that I've stayed at in this area.	
Jan 17 2009 	False representation. Location great!	First off, the location is great! You can't have better. If you want a great, authentic italian restaurant: scarletto is amazing. It 2 minutes from the hotel and beleive me... AMAZING and really not expensive (not even 60$ for 2... ). The staff was ok.. but when you ahd questions about he rooms and service of the hotel... very rude. The loby and restaurant are very nice.The rooms... very small... choose medium or more. Expect to keep all of your sdtuff in your luggage because there is no place to put it. On the internet site of the hotel it said:Room service, Fully stocked mini bar, New York time free and room service... NONE OF THAT WAS GIVEN. We asked and they said that because it was newly renovated.. they didnt have them.NO New york times and no mini bar. As for the room service, they said they weren't organise to do it.... What made me MAD... was the staff in the morning slapping the doors like they were mad at their wives or something... SO ANNOYING!!!!! The staff had no respect for the guest.My postive for the hotel is the location. It was next to all the basic attractions. Other then that... it was a normal hotel and I wouldnt go out of my way to have another stay at stay hotel.	
Jan 15 2009 	3 star hotel 2 staff 1 star service	I had read a lot of bad reviews about this hotel and was very scared to stay here initially, but it’s not a completely horrible hotel and was actually a nice building with okay rooms. The lobby is very pretty, the rooms are about a 3 star but the staff makes the hotel about a 2 ½ star. Basically the staff/service is what ruins this place. The overall staff/management is unprofessional and clearly untrained. This hotel used to be a bad dive hotel until it was bought by a different hotel company and renovated. It’s a pretty building and has decent rooms now, but the mistake they made was apparently keeping the old employees from the previous dump hotel. At least I certainly hope this isn’t new staff! They have a total “No!” attitude, act ignorant in general and incompetent for no reason. It’s REALLY bad. As for room size, the “medium” and “large” are fine (and normal small) for NYC. We were fine in those.The “small” is ridiculous and a closet and should not be sold to any guest. Our friends stayed there and it’s a rip-off. It is only good for 1 tiny person with no luggage. No joke. Don’t say you weren’t warned. While this hotel definitely wouldn’t be my first choice based on their staff, it wouldn’t be my absolute last either if I got a very cheap “large” room. I would just ignore the staff and pray hard I don’t need anything from them. I would also make sure my room was on a low floor because their elevators totally suck.THE GOOD:Very pretty lobby and restaurants (newly renovated, pics on hotel site are accurate for the way it looks but deceiving on size)Fast check-in (but rude as heck staff)Housekeeping staff slams doors at all morning hours but at least said “hi” if you said “hi” first. “Medium” room type was good size for 1 person or loving couple (lol); “Large” room decent for 2 peopleGreat location for tourists (right next to Time Square, Radio City, etc.)Nice robes/towels/soap but only basic amenites (don't expect shower caps, etc.)Okay room service menu; slightly limited food choices; very limited hours (but it’s NYC, call a restaurant for delivery) Big nice flat screen TVRoom was neat and clean with nice radio/phone, etc.Air/heat worked great and was easy to control Good water pressure and heat in showerTHE BAD:Definite language barrier with about 70% of the staff so it was hard to get help at times because they didn’t speak English and I didn’t understand their languageFront desk staff was very rude, acts like they can’t be bothered to answer a question and likes to pass buck vs. solving even simple issues (gave guests stereotypical New York bad attitude for every little thing)Bellstaff not available to help with luggage at check-in (he was standing there and literally pointed which door to use when he saw us struggling big time with luggage)Hotel is clearly not set up for adequate/basic room service (no tables, no trays, plastic cheap silverware, no food coverings) Room service food was decent but staff was again, incompetent with orders, deliveryInternet is $10/day and they ended up overcharging usNo bathtub and very tiny bathroom (shower looked old with water stains but clean)Toilet took 15 minutes to stop running loudlyNo space for personal items in bathroom outside of window ledgeOne very very tiny closet to hang items up (my coat took up ¼ of it alone)No dressers/cabinets so nowhere to put clothes/unpack (your room will get junked up and crowded very easily)Iron in room was nasty dirty all over and broken in pieces; ironing board built for people under 4’ (ala very short)Small elevators and hotel staff has to share (and the elevators are super slow so prepare to wait or walk up/down flights of steps)Very poor lighting in bathroom made it hard to seeNo premium/pay movie channels on TVBeds were okay but you will hear EVERY little noise/bang in hallway and outside on street (they should have installed sound proof windows since they’re in tourist area) and they need to train housekeeping to not slam doors/talk loud in hallways in early morningPaper thin walls between guest rooms (get ready to hear your neighbors and their tv/radios)“Queen” beds aren’t true queens so don’t be fooled. They’re queens based on the tiny room. I find this deceptive and they should have told us.	
Jan 7 2009 	NYC...Good Stay!	We booked this ages ago for NYE in NYC solely based on price and location! Then i read the TA reviews and nearly changed our booking before we left Oz however i'm glad we didn't. We stayed 5 nights (27th Dec to 1st Jan) and after 5 weeks in other 4/5 star hotels elsewhere i thought it held its own.Yes it's all true...the small rooms, the slow lifts, the random housekeeping, the 'porno' hallway lighting but hey it's NYC and you don't come to this amazing city to dwell on the negatives of your hotel. It's a great location right on Times Sq, funky but expensive bar downstairs (every time we ordered 2 drinks it came to $20 no matter what we chose to drink), free net access, cool tv's, comfy but compact beds and some neat decor in the rooms.We stayed in room 915 and our frends in 921. 915 was a corner room with the luxury of a small hanging wardrobe which our mates were envious of!! They also were near the lift and it could be a little noisy. Renos on Floor 10 seem to have stopped for xmas but it looks like their nearly finished.If your extremely fussy, overweight, very tall, claustrophobic or just like to moan then don't stay here. It may not suit families and the oldies either given the pumping bar scene in the Aspen lounge.If you can get a good deal, like a comfy bed and want to be in the heart of NYC and all it has to offer then this is perfect for a short stay!Other NYC highlights....Juniors on 8th for Pancake Breakfast, walking to all the sights, Stay is near the start of the hop on-hop off bus tour and close to the subway. PS I'd also recommend Soho rather than 5th Avenue/Macys for shopping!	
Jan 6 2009 	This hotel is brill don't know what the rest of you are on about!	I would recommend this hotel to anybody, from when we arrived to when we left it was fantastic. Yeh our room was small, why would that bother you when your out seeing the city and shopping. You only sleep there. We were in the smallest room and trust me you could move, it was ideal for 2people. The Decor is gourgous, the location is so good, you literally walk out the hotel turn right and your in Times square. Oh and there wass a hair dryer in my room. Alot of people were complaining about the lifts dont let that bother you its just because its always busy, it isn't that bad, oviously alot of people go over the top when explaining things, or should I say moaning about things. If anyone has booked to go, don't worry you will have a ball and will be impressed.	
Jan 3 2009 	Stay Away!	Stay is sloppy in every way. Booked it on Priceline, which rated it 3.5 stars. I'd say it's closer to 2. Room was a dingy box with wallpaper peeling, bathroom tiles crumbling. For a supposedly recently renovated property, the room was in pretty bad shape with hardly any modern amenities--not even a hair dryer! Staff seemed overwhelmed, and each time I was at the front desk someone was complaining about something. The only thing it's got going for it is the location, but with so many other hotels to choose from, Stay should be at the very bottom of the list.	
Jan 2 2009 	Excellent Location - a few steps from Times Square	Just recently refurbished. This is an excellent location close to Times Square. The room and bathroom were great however albeit a little small so if you are travelling as a couple with lots of bags it may be a bit of a tight squeeze in the room with all of your luggage. The lifts are too small (there are only 2) and one was always breaking down. Free internet access in a computer room is also handy. The only thing to note is there is a bar right downstairs which plays really loud music and has loads of people in it almost every night so if you are staying and not into partying I suggest you ensure you have a room on one of the higher levels so the music doesn't disturb you as I could hear it and I was on the 4th floor. The Irish Pubs right next door and across the street are also great for a feed!	
Dec 5 2008 	Tremendous Value	My husband and I booked this hotel on www.quikbook.com. I felt the need to mention the booking site as well because I didn't have to pay in advance and this economy that was really helpful since we would have had to prepay for 4 nights plus tax. NOT GOOD! Anyway, let me rave about the location and fresh look of the hotel. Yes, the room we had was not the largest NYC hotel room, but it had every amenity we needed for 4 nights. Plus, I was thrilled that a were able to book a brand new hotel, fresh towels, linens, beds for under $175 a night in Times Square. I need to save my pennies so I can return when rates are $300.Location could not be beat, staff was friendly, and I love that new feeling of the hotel.	
Nov 21 2008	Great Stay at Stay	Excellent Stay. Arrived, room wasn't ready but was upgraded to their largest room - which is by no means big - but for NYC standards - was excellent.This is a boutique hotel - so expect a small luxury hotel complete with a fantastic bar, great environment and retro modern lobby.Would stay at Stay again.	
Oct 24 2008 	GREAT Stay at Stay Hotel!	I just stayed at Stay Hotel this week and had a great time! I booked through Quikbook.com and received an amazing rate for a large room. I highly recommend paying a little extra for the large room - I wouldn't call it large but it was definitely comfortable. Not sure I would want a small or medium room here. The lobby is SO cool, very hip decor, lighting and seating areas. Aspen, the bar, was just opening and is SOOOO fabulous. It's like a Montana lodge in the middle of New York City. There is a super cool lighted mosaic wall, wood-slat ceiling, antlers above the bar and fabulous unique chairs and seating throughout. In the back, there is an awesome antler-chandelier-work-of-art above the dining tables. The service I experienced at the front desk and bar was fabulous. I can't wait to go back!The only complaint I had was that the elevators were extremely slow and small. Only 1 was working - they definitely need to get the other elevator up and running ASAP.Location is supreme, just 1/2 block off Times Square. I will definitely STAY again!	
Oct 21 2008 	HATED IT KEEP AWAY FROM THIS THE WORST SERVICE YOU`LL EVER GET	This hotel calls itself a 4 star hotel , it deserves less than 2 stars. I recently stayed at the Stay hotel in nyc. I always book hotels in ny and i am always satisfied with the service and value of your properties, but this time i am very upset. The stay hotel has the worst service i ever experienced, the staff is always angry, the do not like to service. I arrived and was assigned a small room instead of the medium i booked. I came downstairs and told the desk person called derek that i didn't like the room and he offered me to check out if i didn't liked it. I wanted to speak to the manager and he said the manager was not available. After an argument he moved me to a medium room. Rooms are not nice, they are partially refurbished (it used to be a quality inn) no servibar, not a nice decoration at all. later on i wanted to cash a 100 usd traveller check and he would not take it. He refused to exchange it, this never happened before. The housekeepers were rude and kept knocking on the door in the morning even with the do not disturb sign on. Later on, they didn`t want to clean the room after 3pm. The staff as i said is rude, very rude, they never say hello, even when i said hello to the people in the entrance when i was coming in and out. My experience in other hotels in ny have been fantastic, i loved the empire, the night, the jolly madison, the carlyle (of course), the sheraton ny, the time, the six columbus and many more, but the stay i hated it and wil never, never return. Just to let you know, so you do not sell this hotel, it is really a bad travel experience. Thanks. Claudio Carrera , [-]	
Oct 15 2008 	Disappointing Stay.	During my stay, I stayed in both one of the smaller and medium rooms. The smaller room was tiny, but quite comfortable for just one person, the medium sized room was adequate for two people. The rooms were clean and nice however they were extremely noisy especially first thing in the morning when the house keeping staff were working. The hotel has two elevators, yet one was not working due to the construction going on in the hotel. The other elevator was incredibly slow and crowded - so we ended up taking the stairs the majority of the time. The main issue that I had with this hotel was the fact that they placed a charge on my card when I first arrived well in excess of the total cost of my stay. When I queried this, the staff member was slightly rude and told me this charge would be reversed when I checked out. I was incredibly disappointed to arrive home and this was not the case. I followed up with the hotel and they told me it could be 7 -10 days till the charge is reversed – very annoying.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great location but false advertising	This place has a great location (right near Times Sq and broadway). Our room was nice but small and clean. We paid for a double bed for 3 nights and our room was just nice for the two of us. There is only one tiny elevator that you have to wait forever for but because we were on the 4th floor - we walked up and down with no problems. It might be more of a problem for those staying up on the 8th floor!!Our only issue with this place (which has left me and my friend fuming) is that they charge your card for all 3 nights as soon as you check in and inflated it for pretty much one extra night (the lady at the desk said for incidentals). When i called up, the front desk lady sounded impatient with me and told me that its not a charge and it will clear when we check out. When i got in, we went to speak to the same lady and told her that my account is now zero because of the charge they have put through and she told me that i should never have given them my debit card then. However, they fail to realise that regardless, they have still taken up about $981 of my money that I cannot use until it clears whether its on my debit or credit card. They took it off my account straight away (i checked my bank and the money was back in) and put it on my friend's card as she had more money in there than me at the time. When we checked out yesterday, we both split the cost into two credit cards. However, today when my friend checked her bank account, she still has the $981 on her card but not the actual charge of $450. When she called, they said it would take 7-10 days to clear which is a load of crap given the money went back into my account almost instantly when they switched it the first night. I have already been charged my portion.To me this is clearing false advertising as when i booked this place it said that we will not have to pay until checking out. So if you are planning on staying there after reading this review, be sure to have plenty of money on your debit/credit card when you first check in. Apart from this issue, the rest of our stay was pleasant.	
Oct 8 2008 	In the Middle of It All	My wife and I recently stayed at the Hotel Stay because she participated in the NYC Avon Walk for Breast Cancer. The hotel is right in the middle of everything in Times Square which made it super easy for us to subway anywhere we needed to go and for her to meet up with other walkers at a nearby shuttle stop and to come and go for the walk. The Hotel is still under renovation, which made it noisy at times, but the bar and lounge area that's being built looks like it'll be cool when it's completed.As others have noted, the elevator is slow and can take awhile on the weekends, but, that's what steps are for! We rarely had an issue. Being in Times Square, the hotel room was a bit noisy in the evenings on the weekend. If noise in a major city bugs you, request an interior room. The hotel staff was also friendly and accommodating and the concierge even sent us a personal note upon check in to make himself available if anything was needed. We also received some fresh fruit to munch on which was cool. We had a pleasant experience and recommend the hotel for anyone who wants to be in the middle of it all in NYC. When the renovations are complete, the lounge and bar area should be a fun place to hang out too.	
Sep 30 2008	TERRIBLE STAY is a better name	Very unhappy with my stay. I don't know where they came up with the name but it was very appropriate as I had no choice but to stay otherwise I would have been charged due to their 24 hour cancellation charge....I never heard anything so ridiculous in my life. I travel all over the US and you have up to 6pm day of to cancel. However, I was told quite rudely by Tom the Manager that I would be charged and therefore I had to stay. How this guy got a job in a hotel let alone as manager is beyond me. I remember when I last stayed, there was a very nice Irish man as Manager who understood very good service. The hotel is very nice inside apart from the terrible looking construction site next to the hotel. I believe they are adding a new restaurant. It is quite noisy and dusty at times. My room was small, I suppose it's New York, but was tastefully designed. However, it was missing something as it just did not feel like a comfortable hotel room like those at the Hilton or Marriott or even some of the smaller boutique properties at which I have stayed. The housekeeping staff were very receptive to my requests as were the front desk personnel who were very personable and lovely to talk to. I might return if I am out of other options and the price is right....too expensive for standard!!!!!	
Sep 24 2008	Great location	Just completed a stay at this hotel...157 W.47 Street Super location,about 1/2 block from Times Square. Formerly a Quality Hotel,and as a result renos were under way,but in no way did this distract from our stay. Our room was clean and quiet. It was in the center of the hotel and as such,we heard no street noise. Only one of the 2 elevators were in use,but this was due to mentioned renos,I'm sure that as reno's progress both will be in service. Would I stay there again...Yup.	
Sep 24 2008 	BAD experience !!! Be Aware	what a horrible experience. my travel agent had already paid for the room and the hotel still charged my credit card for $2000 dollars. I only realised this when i went to use my creidt card and it declined!! to my SHOCK. it took $80 worth of phone calls, 4 hours and 2 days of worry to clear this problem. all I got was an apology. asked for my telephone calls to be paid for and they weren't. rang manager 3 times and left messages with no response.rooms were to small- couldn't fit 2 suitcasesone elevator which broke down on the morning of our departure!!! we were on the 7th floor. Only good thing is the location. however there are other hotels in the area i would pay the extra and avoid all the hassles!!!	
Sep 21 2008 	Very Clean	My girlfriend and I stayed here Sept 12 to Sept 14, Girls weekend shopping trip.Hotel was very clean. It's currently undergoing renovations. Elevator VERY slow, stairs are very steep and narrow. Not a place to stay if you have health problems, i.e., knee, back, due to stairs. Had to use them many times due to elevator, and there is only one elevator. The room we stayed in was VERY small, but very clean.I'd say too small for 2 people. (But this is NY, and if a person has come here to stay in their room, there is definently something wrong with them). Our room had a queen bed, which basically took up the entire room. Also, included was one robe in the room. We didn't use it, but it was nice to see. Also there was no hair dryer in the bathroom, but a quick call to front desk, and we had a brand new hair dryer, still in the box, w/in 5 minutes.Bathroom very clean, but again small, two people couldn't fit in there at the same time, unless someone was in the shower. We do realize that in NY, space is an issue. Well, it shows in this motel. Apparently, some of the rooms are &quot;suites' by our standards, we were lucky enough to peek in one of our neighbor's rooms, and were shocked at the difference.Since our room was so small, we relaxed one night down in the lobby. It was very quiet, and we had our very own &quot;happy hour.&quot;We liked the proximity of the hotel, close to Grand Central, Broadway shows, Times Square, subway, and when in NY you're always close to many restaurants. There is no bar or restaurant in the hotel, but there's a small convenience store a few doors down.The staff is very friendly and helpful. We checked out on Sunday morning, but were able to &quot;store&quot; our luggage safely, since we weren't planning on leaving until later in the day.All in all, we did have a nice &quot;stay&quot; at the Stay. Hopefully, the renovations will be completed soon.	
Nov 21 2009 	stay or change?		
Nov 10 2009 	buono stanze piccole		
Oct 30 2009 	Hotel soit-disant trendy...il y a mieux !		
Oct 26 2009 	?????????????????????????		
Oct 11 2009 	Hotel qui se la pète...		
Oct 7 2009 	Hotel Molto Centrale Vicino a Times Square		
Oct 3 2009 	Muy bien ubicado		
Sep 24 2009 	Situación privilegiada		
Sep 13 2009 	Génial		
Sep 7 2009 	Ottima posizione		
Aug 16 2009 	Un muy buen hotel. Inmejorable ubicación.		
Jul 27 2009	superbe		
May 24 2009 	Comodo  molto fumo e poco arrosto		
May 17 2009 	Bien situé		
May 8 2009 	Un hotel moderno con una ubicacion perfecta		
May 3 2009 	Está fenómeno		
Apr 30 2009 	New yorkNew york!!!!!!		
Apr 22 2009 	Super emplacement		
Apr 11 2009 	Superbe hotel		
Mar 26 2009 	Hotel perfecto en cuanto a ubicación		
Mar 16 2009	Haben jede Minute genossen		
Feb 26 2009 	tres bien situé		
Feb 25 2009 	Se tornerò a NYC sicuramente sceglierò di nuovo lo Stay!		
Dec 22 2008 	Nice to stay		
Nov 27 2008 	Excelente Ubicación		
Sep 30 2008 	se vuoi trascorrere la tua vacanza aspettando l'ascensore		
