	Trendy hotel with well-designed small rooms in a great Columbus Circle location	Like most travelers, I scour the web and the guidebooks for great advice when it comes to my hotel stay. This is expecially crucial if I have booked a room on Priceline (as in this case). I want to correctly set my expectations prior to arrival. For instance, I really had to get myself in the SMALL ROOM mindset before checking in at The Hudson. Arrival: The hotel doesn't have a sign. Be sure to look at the pics on the website so you know where you're going if you are coming in via subway train. There was a small line at check-in but the front desk staff did a great job keeping everyone moving. There was one very important woman (a trendy I-think-I'm-20-but-I-am-really-45) who felt compelled to jump to the front &quot;Just to ask a question&quot; which of course was her attempt to jump the line. No go! Yay front desk. I made a joke and they took pity on us and got us into a higher level room facing the atrium. :-) Score!The room: Ok. We know. It's small. It's not the end of the world. Unpack your stuff. Be organized and you have plenty of room. Don't throw you stuff all over the room. Now you'll need to sit on the toilet sideways and take turns in the bathroom but....the good parts? Incredible water pressure and a roomy shower plus a VERY comfortable bed. You didn't come to New York to hang out in your hotel room did you? Well then, the shower and the bed are top notch. Done. My husband and I slept like logs in a Queen size which is usually a challenge. I think its really all about the pillows. Noise: Try to get a room above the 6th floor. There will be street noise. It's NY. Buy some freaking Tylenol PM if it's that big of deal. The bigger issue is the nightclub. It's loud. Very loud and very popular. Therefore if you are below Floor 6, you will probably hear it. Join the fun or get something to knock yourself out. Location: As they say in real estate....This is a superb location. The subway is very close and can get you where you need to go quickly. We walked down Columbus Ave after visiting the Natural History Museum and really enjoyed it. Great shops, bars and restaurants al the way down. Lots of dogs and locals give it a nice neighborhood feel. There's a great 24 hour diner and pizza place right on the corner of 58th and 9th. Both are open late. We enjoyed our stay very much. Appreciated the thought and design work that went into the place. Staff was very friendly except for one woman carrying a clipboard in the AM who looked at me like a deer in the headlights when I asked her a question about check out.. Overall a good bet. An even better one if you can score it on Priceline.	
	great for exploring Manhatten and great for a party	This hotel is 30 seconds walk from Columbus circle and the south west corner of Central Park - a great location. The rooms are small, but all New York hotel rooms on this budget are small. Despite the size of room, they are comfortable, and clean with good (but compact) en-suite facilities. The lobby area of the hotel has two bars. Both are popular. They can be rather noisy at night but this noise does not affect the rooms upstairs.This hotel is great as a base for exploring Manhatten, and great for a party as well.	
Nov 26 2009 	Great Hotel!	We stayed at the Hudson Hotel for 5 nights and after reading a lot of bad reviews was very pleased with the hotel. Rooms were very clean and although small, bigger than I was expecting. Perfect location within walking distance to Times Square and 5th Avenue. Had a great stay here and would definately reccommend it!!!	
Nov 25 2009 	Great Hotel in Great Location	I just spent 3 days at the Hudson Hotel and highly recommend it! The room was clean, (a bit small) the bed was comfortable and the hotel is a great mix of trendy and urban chic. the lobby is fun and interesting, exposed brick and and ivy on the walls and ceiling. the front desk and concierge staff were polite and accomodating. the housekeeping staff, always smiled and said good morning. The gym was well appointed with good equipment and a friendly staff member. The location was excellent close to most subway lines, it was an easy trip to rockefeller center, central park, lincoln center, and the upper west side. An added plus was its proximity to the Time Warner center with great shopping, restaurants and of course a great Whole Foods-for an early morning juice!Great value compared to other NYC hotels I have previously stayed!I definitely recommend the hudson!I almost forgot, the Hudson Bar, a chic loungy kind of place to enjoy a drink.	
Nov 24 2009 	tiny rooms - GREAT PRICES	no sign outside = difficult to find: we walked by three times without finding the entranceenormous lobby with nearly no light and hectic music foregroundtiny room: - nearly could not get up and down from the toilet and turn around in bathroom- impossible to be in two people without continuosly stepping out of the way- banging doors - loud neighbourhood in the night--- in case you want a room with little more space you pay much more: I paid plus $68.86 for 25% more room for one night, what edded up to $244.81 (weekend low)	
Nov 22 2009 	Beautiful lobby tiny room	The hotel was unmarked from the front, but inside had an absolutely goregous lobby and entrance area. Bellman and front desk staff were very helpful. Room was trendy and clean but exceptionally TINY. Even bathtub and toilet were minature. Hallways were very dark which I didnt love. We only stayed one night but had no issues with room being loud, etc. I would return, but for the price would probably pick a hotel with a little more space.	
Nov 22 2009 	Totally sleepless night!	I took my husband to NYC for his birthday for a 1-night getaway. We got a good promotional price for our room, which is the only reason we would have chosen this hotel because we knew up front that the room were quite small for a pretty big pricetag. It is, however, a nice place with some funky characteristics and the room size was not a major issue as we didn't plan to spend a lot of time there. The only size-related problem was that the bathroom was so small that my husband (who is 6' 4&quot;) could barely use the toilet! Anyway, that would have been fine, and the hotel's location is great. The major problem is that we were put in a 10th floor room overlooking 57th St. and subsequently did not sleep AT ALL the entire night. Despite being 10 floors up, the room was so poorly sound-proofed that we could hear every car go by, and ceaseless amounts of car horns beeping all night long. Add in the occasional ambulance or police siren and some groups of people yelling at eachother at all hours, and it was a sleepless night that really put a huge damper on our NYC experience. If you do choose to stay here, absolutely insist on an atrium-facing room or one higher up, and/or check it out first to see how the noise level seems BEFORE you attempt to go to sleep! Very disappointing.	
Nov 20 2009 	Trendy!	I stayed here this week while visiting my fiancee while he was on business. The location of the Hudson hotel is super convenient to Columbus Circle, Central Park and Time Square. This hotel is super trendy and modern. It was quite a refreshing change from the typical Holiday Inn. The hotel is not marked from the outside so it can be difficult to find. The valet service is superb. Upon entering the hotel, there is a long neon green escalator to the impressive lobby-all exposed brick and glass covered with ivy. The hotel has quite an exclusive bar which can be accessed with your hotel privilege card you receive upon check in. I hear that without the card, it's tough to get in unless you are dressed well. This week the Victoria Secret models were staying there while in town for a fashion show. Needless to say...the bar was quite busy. I myself skipped it as:a. I'm not a big drinkerb. I DO NOT look like a vickys modelc. I am intimidatedThe floors of the hotel are dark and drab communist block gray. I found it very stylish and enjoyed the decor. The rooms are small...yes its true!!! But people: this is NYC!!!!!! You are paying for space!!! I felt the room size was completely appropriate and we were staying in a standard room built for 1 person (my fault since I surprised my honey with the visit..he was not expecting me). The inside of the rooms are wood paneled. The bed is modern and comparable to any European hotel. I enjoyed this. I hate American hotel bedding and when Americans complain I think they are ridiculous (and I am an American!). I absolutely loved the glass wall separating the room from the shower. It allows for a fun peep show! Also the lights in the room are fantastic. It was fun figuring out the many ways to turn them all on. The road noise from outside is awful. Trucks were honking and there was constant noise all night. Also, the walls are paper thin. The only way to properly close the doors is to slam them...therefore loud slamming doors all night. Also, the light from the hallway is very bright in the room. Overall, a fun experience in a cool hotel but did not allow for a super restful night's sleep.	
Nov 19 2009 	I've stayed in nicer hostels	This was the worst hotel experience I have ever had. Would definitely not recommend for business travel. I would only recommend to people who want to spend as little time as possible in the actual room and who are there to party. The hotel is all lobby and bar, every floor smells like the pool (I don't think there even is one in the hotel). The light from the hallway shines in through the cracks in the door, there is no top sheet on the bed, there is no mini bar, the TV is mounted on a mirror, and there was a window from the shower to the room. The worst part was when the front desk corrupted all of the files on my USB drive.	
Nov 16 2009 	Do not stay here!	This hotel has a lovely lobby and an excellent location. The decor is nice and the Library Bar and Hudson Bar are both very welcoming. However, I was there for three nights and they put me in three rooms trying to find one that had a livable temperature. The first room started out at 60 degrees and then they fixed it. After that it was 86 degrees and would not get cooler. The heating/cooling unit blew hot air no matter what the thermostat was set to. The next room had a heating/cooling unit that would not work. If you turned it on the thing would make loud clanking noises all night. We left it off and they moved us to a new room the next day. That room was 74-78 degrees with the heat off. If you tried to turn the AC on, the air was luke warm and did nothing to cool the room. Also, this room was on the top floor and much larger. However, the water in the bathroom was rust colored each time you turned it on. It was a shame because the location was terrific and I really liked what they were going for in the space. You can find something more reliable if you look and, in the end, the concept was not worth the unreliable service and lack of comfort.	
Nov 15 2009 	Tiny cramped needs renovation	This hotel was, I'm sure, designed to be hip and chic. Maybe it once was. Now however, it is bordering on shabby and feels tired and worn out. The rooms are like postage stamps. I'm 6'2&quot; and my hands hit the ceiling as I changed my shirt. There was a low platform double bed with a foot or two around the bed and that constituted the size of the room. There were water stains on the ceiling, no toilet paper and the window that was supposed to open was not operating. The elevators are tiny, have a long wait and check out constitutes a half hour wait for one. I recommend avoiding this hotel if there are any other viable options.	
Nov 15 2009 	Bring A Torch!	v trendy and v dark! met lots of fellow brits groping their way round the walls. particularly amused to be in the library - too dark to read! good location near the columbus circle so from that point of view it works but wouldn't rush back.	
Nov 14 2009 	Very nice	Close to Columbus Circle, the localization is pretty good and the hotel looks really nice, with fair rates. 	
Nov 12 2009 	Better than expected	Our experience was much better than we expected having read some of the reviews. Yes the rooms were small, but this is typical for the price in NYC. The staff was much friendlier than other hotels I've stayed in. No sign outside so look for the small square windows shown on the hotels website, We did not eat or drink in the hotel. Enjoy.	
Nov 9 2009 	terrible	I've been in Hudson many times before and for some reason this time I really felt it will be the last time for sure. If you look at the hallways and the carpets are really dirty, restaurant was closed due to renovation, breakfast was served in the bar and they didn't have bred to offer. Over priced definitely and yes the rooms are SMALL! OMG in the toilet/restroom you can't even sit in the toilet its that bad. Oh and yes its a party hotel so be aware of the bouncers which are everywhere in the hotel even in our floor they booked one elevator for some &quot;special&quot; guest so it took like 15 minutes to get down. Again I don't want to sound like a douche but this was definitely the worst stay I have had and before I recommended the place but that time is over.	
Nov 4 2009 	The room was tiny and overpriced; the "suite" to which we upgraded was not much better.	The standard room is only large enough for a double bed, with insufficient space to walk around it. I've seen larger jail cells. We upgraded, for an additional $120/night, to what was descibed as a suite. It had the same double bed, 1950's style rec room wood paneling on the walls and no dresser. I find it hard to believe anyone would knowingly stay at this hotels at the prices which it charges for its rooms.	
Nov 2 2009 	TINY roomscool decor...recommend if you don't have to pay full price	-The rooms are just as pictured...tiny but okay if you are only sleeping. Not much room for luggage and one steel ,uncomfortable chair.Room clean and nice linens,no bathrobe as advertised.Friendly staff.Sky terrace closed even though it was in the low60's.Lobby cool,but dark and loud at night, although did not disturb sleep. Just no place to really sit down and relax.Cafeteria closed for renovations during our stay...complimentary coffee from the breakfast buffet was nice. Also offered umbrella's for use when it rained which was nice. We got a really good deal through Priceline......would not have been happy if we had paid full price.	
Nov 2 2009 	Style over comfort	Great lobby but standrard room is extremely small, cools style but not comfortable. Not suited for business traveler; no easy outlet for laptop, &quot;desk&quot; is tiny, no comforable chair, metal desk chair is the only chair in the room	
Nov 1 2009 	clean hotel would stay again	i searched ALOT for hotels in new york for a trip for me and three friends. i checked out hudson hotel on tripadvisor and there snazzy website! and booked two double rooms for four of us. but then got a fright as there was a video on youtube from a guy showing the room .and said it was the smallest room ever.. but the pictures on the website are exactly what the rooms look like which is good! the room is CLEAN and NEW! i loved the contemporary design of the room. but it is small (they give you the measurements on the website)when you have all your suitcases.but manageable. it is a perfect room for jus sleeping and not hanging around in! the shower nice too and clean . theres a flatscreen tv and ipod dock .handy!inside the hotel u never know wat time it is as it has loads of dim lighting. but loved the design. at nighttime when we would come back they would have loud music in the bar at the lobby. but u cant hear anything in your room! i think they have alot of functions there. but it didnt bother us at all. our window did fall out !!! we put it back and told the reception .and they took money off our bill.there was one girl at front desk, not the smilest but didnt really care!girl who checked us out was lovely. the location was good too. right at culumbus circle subway-across the street. theres deli, supermarket, pharmacy, starbuck etc... on the block. and the best thing ever.wholefoods supermarket was in the shopping centre near the subway. really cheap gorgeous food. if u on a budget! its right near walking to central park .broadway , rockafella, time sq. get subway downtownoh yea, wifi in room was like ten dollars a day .. rip off!! and we bought fon card to ring our friends in new york and they charged for using the fon card..im not uploading my pics as theyy wer reallly lik the website ones..	
Oct 30 2009 	Terrible and nobody cared	I recently stayed at the Hudson for a night because the hotel I was booked for the rest of the weekend (Parker Meridien) was not available for the rest of the weekend. When I arrived I was told that the room I booked was not available and that they &quot;Downgraded me&quot; . Now I travel a lot for business and am used to the occasional &quot;upgrade&quot; but have never heard of a downgrade. I was told that was all they had unless I wanted to pay for an upgrade.When we got into the room it wasn't even a double bed, it was somewhere between a single and double. The manager was indifferent but finally gave us a larget but still small room. Without telling us they raised our rate however. The room was still very small and not at all nice.The funny part is that they sent me a survey, I completed it terribly and they didn't call to follow-up but they still add me to their mailing list. I asked to be taken off and they didn't do it, finally I called to complain to their headquarters and they didn't respond or take me off their mailing list still!Bottom line, Stay at the Parker, it was excellent!	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Stay	ok so the rooms are small, i wasn't planning to spend any time there. The rest of the hotel and its amenities make up for it. Its exciting vibe and since i was there alone it worked out well that there were a couple bars in the hotel that i can hang out at... Great place.	
Oct 28 2009 	Mini-Vaca	This was my first time staying in an NYC hotel alone, normally at a friends or with family. I read the reviews good &amp; bad, but i had a pretty decent stay. I really liked the dark entrance, and hallways...added a touch of cool. I will say that the lobby was a bit hectic after 9pm, but i was there to party and shop....so i didnt mind. Especially after being invited to a private party in the club. The room was small...but honestly who goes to NYC to sit in a hotel room. Just enough room to sleep, rest, shower and change clothes. The only thing i didnt like was the 300$ deposit they just slap on your card when you check in. Another thing was that my room key kept gettin demagnetized, i had to get a new key twice....one of those 2 times, i had to wait almost 30mins in line just for a key. Overall it was a nice stay, but they could work on customer service speed.	
Oct 28 2009 	HORRIBLE HOTEL	I live and work in NYC. I stayed at the Hudson one night because it was close to an event I needed to be at very early in the AM. DO NOT STAY HERE!!! The rooms were horribe. They were tiny (much smaller than your average NYC hotel for the same rate) and the rooms did not have city windows. If you are from NYC you know what city windows are. They are double windows that keep the sound out. They chinsed out and didn't put them in. The room was so noisy that I might as well have slept on the street. Don't be fooled by pictures. The bars are cool and I have been to the bars numerous times. I thought the hotel would be OK. MY MISTAKE. I slept about 2 hours. If you like the pics go to the bar, but definetly STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE.	
Oct 28 2009 	Quirky!	Spent 4 nights at the Hudson - recommended by our travel agent. Arrived late evening - I suppose our taxi driver knew it well as it had no indication from the roadside that it was the Hudson. Lobby and reception is at the end of a fluorescent green escalator from the roadside. Lobby and reception were dark and moody with lots of dark wood everywhere. Dark corridor lead to the library bar and access to courtyard garden/seating area (outside). Checked in in about 3 minutes. Room on the 4th floor. What strikes you first is the size of the room - quite small by comparison with other US cities. A white net curtain was drawn between the entrance area and bed area. More dark wood panelling, dark wooden floor. Interesting bathroom. Very small but functional. A large glass partition between shower and bed area could lead for interesting views but the shower curtain and net curtain mask any views you might have. Be careful sitting down on the toilet not to bang your head on the wall 3 inches infront of you! Comfortable bed, but air con noisy at times (but not excessively). Bedside lamps can be swivelled to show a white or a green light - nice. Flat screen TV, CD/radio and ipod docking station all available in room. No mini bar, but outside the elevator doors were vending machines for food, drinks (soft) and ice, all cheaper than traditional minibar prices.Breakfast can be taken in a large room just off the lobby that looks as if it was out of the last scenes of the movie 2001. Breakfast was expensive - we ate in one of 2 cafes 50 yards either side of the front entrance.Outside - turn right, is a shopping mall, then Columbus circle, and beyond that - Central Park.About a 15 minute walk to Times Square and the theatres. We saw Rock of Ages - 1980's rock music - very good, very funny - well worth a look.Had reservations for The View - revolving restaurant overlooking Times Square - beautiful food, attentive waiter, water $10 a bottle!Also had tickets for the Top of the Rock - Rockerfeller Centre. Similar to top of the Empire State - excellent views of Central Park, not so good of the Chrysler Building.Also visited Liberty Island. Be prepared for airport style security checks before you get on the ferry. No tickets for the crown of the statue - sold out till January we heard.Use the subways to get about - buy a Metrocard ticket from the machine in the subway - $8 for 4 rides, or share it between a couple. Fast, efficient, clean - no worries at all.Walked our legs off - blisters, but wonderful city to visit.	
Oct 28 2009 	Find another hotel	Our first room was on one the sixth floor so it was very very loud, loud enough that you couldn't sleep even with the window closed. The street outside constantly had people yelling, cars honking, garbage trucks banging. The room itself was tiny and there was mildew all over the ceiling. That's why we asked to be moved to another room higher up, which the hotel agreed to. While we were out in the city the hotel staff without our consent or presence went into our room and moved our belongings to another room. In the process my friend had her purse, shoes, make up, basically whatever was of value that was not locked up in the safe stolen. When we reported this to the &quot;security&quot; it was like talking to a wall and we were sent in circles where each staff referred us to another staff who referred us to another staff, until it was time to leave the hotel and go back home. How much luck do you think we had once we tried to get this looked into after coming home if they were useless while we were talking to them face to face. Do yourself a favor, find a reputable hotel even if it costs a little more or is a little out of the way.	
Oct 27 2009 	Imagine the kids who work at Abercrombie having their own hotel.	I have to say, this hotel was quite a disappointment. The housekeeping was lousy (never replacing dirty glasses), every bulb went out in our room over our week's stay, the bathroom is very tiny (you have to move aside from the door to open it), and it just felt amateur. If you are staying for more than a weekend, this is not the place.We had the feeling as if the &quot;cool&quot; kids who work at Abercrombie and Fitch decided, in Little Rascals' fashion, &quot;Hey gang, let's open a hotel!&quot;. If you like the bars (I did like the Library bar very much), stop by, but don't stay in the hotel. Not worth it. They should walk down the street to 6 Columbus (where we moved, and loved it) or the Mandarin Oriental to learn some basic Hotel 101.	
Oct 27 2009	An Absolute Joke	Location: goodLobby : trendyRoom : absurd!How can this hotel get ANY stars? We booked a room for two. I was getting a bit worried when the hallway looked like what I imagine a NY state penitentary does, dark, dreary, grey. When we opened the door and almost hit the bed, I knew we were in trouble. You would have to walk sideways to get into the &quot;bed&quot;,and I use that term loosely. The top of the bed was below my knees. The bathroom made the airline bathrooms seem spacious. Another wonderful touch was the glass window between the bathroom and bedroom. Plastic cups, a bathroom sink that didn't drain, poor air circulation, paper thin walls, a business center that didn't work....do yourself a favor and book a motel 6. It would be a definite upgrade.	
Oct 26 2009	A Great Visual extravaganza	The Phillip Stark design made the hotel quite unique. The outdoor bar, the library and the indoor bar with a painted ceiling, and all with quirky furniture, made for a very interesting shared space. The room was small but adequate- clean sheets and towels every day and friendly staff. There was a great view from the window on the 16th floor.	
Oct 25 2009 	Small very small (and we are NYers)	Ok, so the reviews said the rooms were small and they weren't kidding. Our queen size room had maybe 2 feet of space around the perimeter of the bed... and that was it. Hudson Cafeteria... closed. Sky Terrace... closed. Library... too jam packed to even walk into it. Hudsons Bar... loud and young. We would rate the hotel as &quot;trendy&quot; for the 20-30 year old crowd. For those of us in our 40's, not really a place that we felt we wanted to spend much time in. The location was very convenient but would not have been very happy if we had paid regular prices as opposed to using Priceline. We would not go out of our way to stay here again.	
Oct 25 2009 	Cool lobby  shoe box sized room	I have stayed at The Hudson before merely because the price was right ($200). The positive attributes of The Hudson include an unique lobby, several nice bars including one on the roof, and ideal location if you are seeking to be near Columbus Avenue toward the bottom of Central Park. The major negative is the room size. Earlier in the same week I stayed at another 4 star major hotel chain in NYC and the room was three times the size for $60 more.I was traveling solo this trip for leisure and business. However, I couldn't help to think that if I was traveling with a partner how gravely disappointed I would be with the room. It is cramped and if you are tall or a larger sized person I believe you would find the bathroom a challenge to move around in. There is also nothing romantic about the rooms. They are modern, sparse, and have dark wood paneling. One nice touch is the iPod docking station. Staying here twice now, both times I had small rooms. This last time though it was exceptionally small. I knew this going in and if price point is a consideration and room size does not matter to you, then The Hudson is a fine choice. If you are looking for a pleasant room with some walking space and / or a hotel that is comfortable and perhaps a nice get away with your partner, I would not recommend The Hudson. If value and location matter to you and room size does not, then this would be a logical choice.	
Oct 22 2009 	Designed by Starck = Minimalist = Bedrooms Plus VERY DARK	On arrival - austere frontage and entrance (no name on building) escalator leads to large but very dark lobby area. Helpful Staff - (especially concierges who were first class - in particularly Brian) Corridors on each floor to rooms painted DARK BROWN! - Rooms = VERY small. Even after upgrade still small plus NO DRAWERS = Live out of a suitcase !!!!!Heating switched in through the night every two hours - Waking everyone up plus what sounded like someone running a stick against a railing!Others mentioned curtains - they were lucky! For us just blinds but draft from windows quite severe. Great location - spoiled by the size of the rooms and VERY dark decor everywhere - (including restaurant where two candles had to be put on table - just to read menu!).Good external 'roof terrace' behind reception - spolit by 'cocky' barman stating couldn't sit out with drinks!!!!	
Oct 20 2009 	Just o.k. -- great location nice rooms 	Great location. Attentive staff, nicely appointed rooms and public spaces. Had a problem with the heat (pumped out lava-hot air even with the thermostat set at 60 degrees). I eventually gave up, shut off the thermostat and opened a window (which wasn't functioning, so I propped it open with a towel). Lots of street noise relative to other NYC hotels (even on 14th floor with window shut). Colleagues had similar issues with noise from adjacent rooms and temperature control/	
Oct 19 2009 	Great location	If you want to stay in a central location while visiting Manhattan then this is the place for you. The hotel is located less then a block from the Columbus Circle subway stop. If you are traveling in from JFK airport the subway is the only way to go. Catch the Airtrain to Howard Beach then catch the A train subway from Howard Beach to Columbus Circle (59th Street). Buy your $7.25 Metrocard ($5 Airtrain, $2.25 subway) at the subway station after you exit the Airtrain but before you get on the subway. If you are traveling with more then one person you can purchase one ticket for up to 4 people. If you do this, the first person can swipe the card up to 4 times and the rest of your party can walk right through.If you are traveling with two people and don’t mind snug quarters then get one of the smaller rooms. If you are traveling with more then 2 people get a double. We traveled with three adults and had plenty of room in a double. You pay more for the bigger room but well worth the money. Located next to the hotel is a Europan cafe. You can get great breakfast or a late night snack. There are two great pubs around the corner on W 57th Street (one block away) Kennedy’s and DJ Reynolds. Both are good for food and drinks and a very easy walk. Central Park is just a block away and Times Square is within walking distance. If you have a good map you will see this hotel is in a great location. It’s not fancy, but a clean and easy way to get around Manhattan.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Location	We stayed here for 4 nights and had a great time, even though the rooms are small they are very well laid out and ours was spotless. Brilliant decor in reception and even though the night club is very loud when you are in the lobby we didn't hear a thing in our bedroom. The restaurant was a little too dark, difficult to read the menu, but the food was great. I would defintely stay here again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Rooms need a refurb badly - you will be dissapointed!	I stayed here recently and upon arrival I have to say it lived up to my expectations. Public areas are stunning , however it was all downhill after that or more that a fifty foot drop into hotel room hell. Firstly despite being after check in time, my room wasn't ready, no problem I was happy to wander off and have a coffee and come back later. When I returned back they had accidentally given my room to someone else with the same surname but no problem they had another one. Great. Then I checked into it. My god. I had booked a room for 2 people, myslef and my sister and the new room was a single occpancy room which they were trying to pass of as a double. First clue was the 1 bed which was not even a double and the fact that the room was set up with 1 towel and 1 glass etc. when I called down to complain I was greeting with an attitude of sorry that's our style this is a double room. Hmmm nothing to do woth the fact they made a mistake. After 3 phonecalls and a trip to reception to finally track down teh guest manager I was moved to a room suitable for 2. Great. Nope. Drawers were broken and the shower pressure was so bad it was like a dripping tap not to mention teh orange mould encasing the shower head. I mentioned the shower politely to the recpetion who said &quot;oh yeah we have issues with water pressure - sorry nothing we can do&quot;. Overall this hotel is nothing more than a cocktail bar with bedrooms that are 2-3 star at a stretch. Sorry Hudson Hotel I will not be coming back nor will I be staying at any of your hotels ever again and I will tell as many people as possible how poor your standards are. Do yourself a favour and splash some of your profit on a room refurb plan and make your rooms live up to your reputation. At the very least scrub the shower and fix the water pressure.	
Oct 14 2009 	Arrogant Trendy B.S.	We stumped for one of the largest rooms #549. Still had to avoid banging my head on the TV to get out of bed. Questionable stain behind the toilet reported to housekeeping 3 times. Air con/Heat broken. Window cracked and 24/7 vent from main air duct from entire bldg outside the window. Shower drain blocked. Hole in wood flooring beside bed. Hallway carpet filthy. Waited 3 times for over an hour for engineering and they never came. $9 for a Heineken. And dark/no light at check-in. When I asked &quot;Ryan&quot; - he said that was his name what I was being asked to sign and initial, he said, &quot;well it's not like you're signing your life away&quot;. Shame on you Morgan Group. You know better. Viceroy LA and Hard Rock Vegas are well run. Maybe you should review your management staff at that location. We were there for 5 days with a large wedding party who spent plenty and we were still treated like dollars walking thru a revolving door. Pretentious has no place in this economy. I left a note 36 hrs ago with my email and phone on check out and no-one has even bothered to call me and apologize.	
Oct 14 2009 	Tiny rooms but IKEA sensibility and Design Within Reach aesthetic make it work	If you're looking for a super-chic centrally-located NYC hotel experience, but you're on a tight budget, the Hudson is the way to go. You can get in next to Columbus Circle (southwest corner of Central Park) for just over $200 -- a steal in that neighborhood and for this kind of hotel.You're greeted by one of the swankiest lobbies around, with a lounge decorated like the mystical outer space-time room at the end of 2001: A Space Odyssey. You can watch hipsters grind on the dance floor (we admit they were a sexy bunch), and the music is fun, but beware the drink tab -- two drinks cost $35 with tip (!).Even the elevator is cool -- we overheard three different groups commenting on how interesting the walls of the elevator were. (It's a cool metal pattern -- you'll have to visit to see what we mean.)The rooms are clean, neat, and well-decorated, with comfy beds.So how is this just over $200? Well, the rooms are tiny. Matchbox-sized. It brings Tokyo to mind. In our room there was barely enough space to walk around the bed, and the shower was a standup right next to the toilet and sink. But they make it work -- everything fits just so, with clever shelving and furniture configured so there's just enough room to shower, sit at the desk, move around the bed, and put your luggage down. So after you get over the initial &quot;wow, this is tiny&quot; shock, you'll be impressed at how well it works.Take it for a spin -- great for date trips, outings with friends, and for entertaining your favorite Euro-guest.	
Oct 13 2009 	Chic Hotel	The Hudson Hotel was a chic hotel. the rooms are cute but a little uncomfortable as they are VERY small. Realistically the bathroom is difficult to sit down on the toilet and not bang your knees on the wall. the minibar was taken out of the rooms and everything is located by the elevators and make sure you request a room that doesn't face the courtyard area becuase you can hear the noise at night from the bar. Otherwise the hotel is located in a great spot, across the street from Time Warner Center for shopping and Porterhouse a great steakhouse. Pinkberry and Starbucks are all down the street and a great sushi restaurant also on the same block. Would definately stay here again :)	
Oct 13 2009 	The Hudson is about the Property the room is just for sleeping...	I really enjoyed the Hudson. There are a few reviews on here complaining about the room size at the Hudson, if you are going to be spending alot of time in your room and are looking for &quot;spacious quarters&quot; , the Hudson isn't for you. The Property, however, is brilliant, and I would stay there again in a heartbeat. With 3 Bars, one on the roof with amazing views, a nightclub thats open until at least 2AM and a Library Bar for something a bit more conservative, staying at the Hudson is kind of like moving into a very well appointed and service orientated nightclub and 5 star Restaurant! Having a comfortable but &quot;smaller&quot; room is quite an acceptable trade off to the properties overall comfort and services. I travel for business, so it's white collar by day and leather jacket at night, its awesome to know that when I get back to the Hudson, that the scene is a Hotspot (Lady Ga Ga's dancers were staying there at the same time for the VMA's).One block away from 59th street station, easy access to Penn and Grand Central where ever your business may take you.	
Oct 13 2009 	OK...but there are better places out there	Just arrived back this morning from a long weekend at The Hudson.I was well prepared for the size of the bedrooms, it was the bathroom that made me laugh! I am a petit young lady but I still only had 6cm ( I just HAD to measure it) from knee to wall when I was sitting on the loo! Bathrooms are WAY too small, anyone larger would have to climb over the toilet to get to the shower, I kid you not!Bathroom amenty kits were basic, not even a shower cap, let alone a bath robe.Air Con was a rattling old machine situated behind the bed, which we were lucky we did not use whilst in the room, far too noisy and I can imagine there were a lot of grumbles from the American guests who cant seem to live with ACThe rooms were very clean, a bit too basic, I do like a mini bar ( only so I can empty it and put all my Whole Food goodies in it), Tv was fine although easy to wack your head on. Other people have commented on the &quot;cabin&quot; like feel, it is a good way to describe it, however the bathroom on our boat is bigger than at The Hudson!We were on a the 6th floor facing south, if you are looking for peace and quiet this is not the hotel for you, it sounded like rockets were racing up and down 8th Ave most nights, did not bother me, I was sufficiently pickled not to care.Although the rooms were spotlessly clean, I did note the corridors were in need of a good vacuum,the edges of the dark grey carpets were VERY dusty. The corridors in general were looking tired, carpet starting to fray in areas, nasty scuffs to service doors and guest rooms doors. All well and good having dim lighting, but perhaps they need to turn it up when they are cleaning so they can see what they are doing.Staff were all friendly and helpful. Although the concierge desk was always busy busy busy and I am glad that I know New York well enough not to have needed to line up to ask a question.As was the front desk most of the time, I would recommend the Express check out in this case, most people have better things to do than line up on their last day in Manhattan!Bars were interesting and unique, we liked them all,expensive drinks but it is Manhattan, in a trendy hotel.We ate in The Hudson Caferteria the first night, nothing amazing...again too dark I could not even read my menu let alone see the food! The meal was not memorable put it that way!In a nut shell this hotel is for young, trendy crowd, I actually felt sorry seeing some of the older generation exit the lifts in the morning, wondering how they slept with the noise and managed to get in the bathroom with walking sticks and zimmer frames.There are better hotels in New York, glad I went but it would not be my first choice on my next visit if I was being honest	
Oct 11 2009 	Great location small rooms	We stayed at this hotel for both business and leisure. We got a deal on Priceline, otherwise the regular room prices are expensive considering the rooms are very small. Though small rooms, they were nice and clean with design furniture. Also to restaurant area and the bar is very very nice.The service was good. Our initial impression was very negative because they did not have our room ready on time and made us wait 2 hours more for it, but they were apologetic and treated us to free drinks at the bar and free breakfast.The location is awesome, only one block from central park.	
Oct 10 2009 	Very Uncomfortable Rooms !	Don't waste your time if looking for comfort.What were they thinking with the Bathroom designDark and Tiny rooms, will never, ever go back!	
Oct 9 2009 	great	Superb hotel great staffGirls on help desk have patiance and knowledge of were to go and what to do	
Oct 9 2009 	Pack light! Super teeny tiney room.	I got &quot;upgraded&quot; to a better room than I paid for but it was still soooo small. The rooms barely have a closet, it's more like a cubby hole. The bathroom is even smaller! If you're tall, you'll hit your knees on the wall when sitting on the toilet. The hall ways are soo dark and dismal. The staff was nice enough and the rooms clean but it was just too uncomfortable staying there with my guy friend. Unless you pack light and have only 1 suitcase and don't plan to go shopping, this place is claustraphobic. I would happily stay here by myself though. It's nice enough and the locale is convinient but pretty much anywhere in NYC is convinient to me since I mostly like to go shopping.	
Oct 8 2009 	4 out of 5	Very small rooms and bathrooms. Very little light in rooms, hard to read.Skybar on 15th is a nice place to relax.Staff were all very nice.Try to get the buffet breakfast included in your package, it is very good and the room is coolNice gym with new equipmentHotel feels like a nightclub, so may not appeal to all travelers.Good location to most attractions	
Oct 8 2009 	Worth every penny. Great design hotel	Great design hotel. Even though the Hudson has been a household name for a few years it is worth every penny. It is stylish, comfortable and mixes an electric atmosphere with friendly undertones. The bar is as famous as the hotel and still gets busy with a young crowd at weekends dont expect drinks to stop until the late hours it can be slightly noisy in rooms so if you like a peaceful nights sleep this isnt the hotel for you. Drinks are expensive but a great bar to start or end your night in. Rooms are modern and very small but clever design tries to disguise this. Great area to access the city and some great independant bars and cafes situated near the hotel. Would recommend this hotel to anyone who likes a lively stylish hotel close to all the major attractions. would definetely return.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fantastic Location Fantastic Hotel. Who cares about Small Rooms!	If you want to be in NYC without paying a small fortune for a room then the Hudson Hotel is perfect. Staff was very professional, friendly and happy. Loved the Skyview Terrace. Great Drinks, great food and absolutely fantastic view.The Hotel has an understated sophistication. If you are looking for a Hilton or Marriot experience this is not the Hotel for you. The location is fantastic. Close to Central Park. Close to Columbus Circle where all subways pass through.OK the rooms are small. But if you are coming to enjoy NYC you are really only going to sleep/shower in your room. If you are a business traveler and need to work in your room then not the place for you. If you want nightlife, sightseeing and a nice hotel then The Hudson is perfect.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel not for everyone	The hotel is in a great location and is designed BEAUTIFULLY!!!! The lobby looks like something out of a fairy tale. The hotel has a very young, hip, trendy vibe about it. The rooms are VERY small, kind of like on a cruise ship. If you care about room size, this probably not the best choice for you, but if you are like me and spend hardly any time in the room, the hotel is great.	
Oct 8 2009 	It was so so	The hotel looks tired. There are no mini bars, even in the larger (and I use that term loosely) rooms. The lights are so low, and after further inspection, it seems to be because the hotel looks tired and not maintained well. The lobby level garden is great. The check in personnel was friendly. The beds were comfortable. TV was not a good picture. Bathroom amenities were sub par. The terrace on the 15th floor had terrible service and terrible food.	
Oct 7 2009 	Awful. Cheesy. Not worth it. Oh and we found a cockroach.	I've been dying to find time all week to write this review. Everyone needs to know just how awful our experience was at The Hudson Hotel.So my husband and I just wasted close to $700 on two nights at this super cheesy hotel. It's a wannabe &quot;see and be scene&quot; hotel, which obviously spent time, resources, and money on their lobby and three bars, because the hotel rooms are horrendous. When you walk down the dark, gray hallways you begin to feel like you're in an insane asylum. But let me take a step back. When we first arrived at the hotel, we stood in one of several lines for almost 40 minutes, waiting to check in. My husband and I noticed that almost every single person talking to someone behind the desk was complaining about something. We couldn't believe how long it was taking to simply check in.When we finally got to the desk, the person behind it didn't even apologize for our wait. He, like the rest of the staff, looked bored, unenthusiastic, and grim. What a way to welcome your guests! From the doormen (aspiring models, I assume?) and concierge, to the check-in staff, everyone just seemed clueless.Anyway, we got our room key and walked down the aforementioned hallways, which looked straight out of a horror film. I get it—you're trying to be minimalistic. Then we got to our room, which you couldn't really call a room—more like a broom closet. The bathroom is obscenely tiny, so anyone over 5&quot;4 should avoid this place at all costs.They put us on the 4th floor, where you couldn't avoid the horrendous traffic noise outside. I couldn't sleep the first night. To top things off, we found a dead COCKROACH in our bathroom. We asked to change rooms the next day and again, the woman behind the desk gave us no apologies when they &quot;upgraded&quot; us to another crappy room. HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE SERVICE!If you're a tourist who plans to party all weekend, this place is definitely for you. (But don't have the wine at the bar. Their selection is awful.) You'll also be sure to run into drunk people in the elevator. It's like being in Vegas!Overall, it was the one and only blemish to our trip to NYC.	
Oct 7 2009 	Style great location...but could you get a smaller room?	The Hudson enjoys a great location in the upper 50s, a short hop to Central Park and just across the road from a subway stop with great connections to mid and downtown areas. It's one of those modern, minimalist hotels that attempts to disguise its entrance, while inside the communual areas are all dark wood and subdued lighting (too much so at times - pretty silly when you can't read or see signs on doors). The Hudson is comfortable, it has a great, lively bar, a reasonably well-equipped basement gym, and the staff are warm, friendly and helpful. The big drawback to this property is the size of the standard rooms. I've stayed in numerous hotels here, but even by this city's standards these are tiny to a point where they are actually almost uncomfortable at times - you should be able to move around a hotel room, or sit on the can, without bumping into things. A good choice if you can get the right rate and maybe a deal - I got four nights for the price of three. Otherwise, look elsewhere.	
Oct 7 2009 	Think the Hudson is great rooms are small but location brilliant	We checked in with some apprehension after reading the reviews. Our hotel had been booked via 'priceline'. However, we couldn't fault the Hudson. We were prepared for a small room and a small bathroom and whilst we could have lived with the room, the bed was too small for 2 girls on a 3 night trip. We upgraded for an extra 40$ per night and got a deluxe kingsize which was perfect - there was no issue with doing this. Hardly in the room anyway as so much to see! Location is close to subway and right by central park. Staff very helpful and friendly, rooftop bar lovely. Drinks expensive but probably the same in all NYC hotels. I think the Hudson gets unfair press. Real atmosphere on a saturday night!!! Would recommend to a friend.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great stay!	First off, the rooms are smaller than many other hotels in NY, however who realistically spends that much time in their room anyhow in NY. The lobby, bars, restaurant and and terrace are beautiful, and the staff extremely attentive and helpful of all needs. I would definitely recommend the hotel, as long as you can live with the small rooms.	
Oct 5 2009 	European Hotel in Manhattan	When I read the reviews before our trip I was a little nervous about the Hudson, but on arrival I was very happy. The hotel is very modern, the bars and restaurants interesting and fun and the rooms, although small for American hotels were quite charming. The staff was friendly and helpful and the location is fabulous. Less than one block from the subway station and you can walk everywhere. The negative reviews must have come from travelers that have never been to Europe and experienced really small rooms. We can't wait to go back.	
Oct 4 2009 	dont bother	if you like to vacation in a tuna can then this is the place for you.The rooms are so incredibly small. I am from New york an have stayed in many NYC hotels....this guest room was half the size of the others. The service is very good and the bars/lounges are beautiful, but i would definitely stay elsewhere.People say its NY and you have to expect small rooms. That is not true. there are plenty that have nice size rooms.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great place to stay	My husband and I took a short trip to New York and were very happy with this hotel. The entire staff was extremely helpful and friendly from beginning to end. We loved the decor and the different bars where you could relax for a drink. The rooms are extremely small, but if you aren't going to spend much of your day there, who cares? The bathroom was interesting, with the toilet being so close to the wall. Heavy or tall people would have a difficult time - and more than one person couldn't be in there at once. Also the shower is see-through, which is something to consider. The location of the hotel is great, really close to the park, Columbus Circle, and the theater district. We would definitely recommend staying at the Hudson!	
Oct 1 2009 	outstanding client focus from entire staff	from check in to check out, the hotel staff was friendly, helpful and fun. i enjoyed the location and the amenities of the hotel. i would highly recommend to others and will stay again during my next visit to nyc. thank you.	
Sep 29 2009 	A memorable experience we would happily relive	We arrived at the Hudson with some trepidation having read some of the negative reviews here, but from the moment we walked in to the lobby, any concerns were instantly dispelled. The staff was friendly and courteous; the room (while small, yes, but we didn't come to New York to hang out in a hotel room) was quiet, clean and well appointed; and the entire atmosphere and design of the place was impressive.We look forward to staying at the Hudson again and will certainly recommend it to friends.	
Sep 29 2009 	Terrific hotel great location helpful staff	We just got back from a weekend in Manhattan staying at the Hudson and we are so glad we stayed at this great hotel! We loved the film noir atmosphere and the many different venues for lounging--the rooftop bar, the garden bar, the library, the nightclub. Our room was tiny yes, but had a minimalist chic to it. The staff couldn't have been more helpful, even loaning us an umbrella on a rainy Sunday. Don't miss Thomas Keller's Bouchon Bakery in the Time Warner building down the block!	
Sep 25 2009 	Tiny badly lit rooms	If you dont mind staying in Tiny rooms which are badly lit and cost a fortune, you are in for a treat.great bar and funky public areas (which you can enjoy without being a guest)	
Sep 24 2009 	Always my favorite!	My husband and I stayed at the Hudson in August for my second time, his first. We love the Hudson Hotel, it's beautiful, affordable, comfortable, and the staff is always very competent and friendly. We enjoyed wine and dessert in the amazing cafeteria one evening, and had drinks outside on the terrace another. In NYC, the Hudson is a great place to end your day and come &quot;home&quot; to.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Location and Price but at what cost?	This is a great hotel if you don't care about room size and you just want a clean hotel for a cheap price around central park. Definately not for people over 50. Room was tiny, but clean and comfortable. 2 people can't use the bathroom at the same time, but there is a glass window that will let you watch the other one take a shower while you sit in bed (if you are into that) The roof top patio is great, the lobby nightclub blows! It isTouristy, and has horrible service. Not a real NYC nighclub. All in all I was happy with my stay, but this hotel is not worth more than $150 a night and don't expect to get treated like an individual here.	
Sep 23 2009 	Tiny yes.. Would go back? Yes	I stayed 9 nights, and people, yes .. Rooms are very small. you get basic, bed, TV, desk, chair, and luggage rack... You use every available horizontal space to put stuff, yes .. BUT THIS IS NY and you will be out all day long! .. This is a great spot to come back after walking, shopping, dining, etc etc etc have a shower and continue, or call it a day and have a good night sleep and be ready for next day. Location is fantastic, 300 yards to the subway and a block and a half from the park is priceless. The bar is bouncing all night, everyday.. but to be honest I was on the 12th floor, and didnt hear a thing at night, so erase that part of previous reviews. The terrace is great and staff is always helpful. If you have ever stayed at a hip hotel u know the lighting is not bright in corridors, so erase that part as well.. My only comment is that I would add some lighting IN THE ROOMS only.. So in average, I had a great stay, would go back, and if you want to use the hotel as your NY base, go ahead...	
Sep 19 2009 	SLEEP SOUNDLY COFFIN SYLE	If you don';t mind sleepoing in a coffin, without a name, feel free to stay here. Location is perfect, excellent staff, sky terrace even better but the rooms are without a doubt, the most dimunutive, smallest, minuscule rooms I have ever experienced. Don't look for a sign advertising the hotel because you won;t find one and don't even think you can guess the color of the walls or carpeting in the hallways due to the very limited lighting.They call the decore Chic, but I call it CHEAP! Check it out for yourself. I challenge you to guess the decorating cost in this 30 square foot crackerbox. I bet it didn't amount to more that $400.00 per room including the cost of bed, desk, sad looking lamps with lips and window treatments. PATHETIC! For more excitment, you can observe your friend or loved one peeing or bathing from the large window illuminating into the bathroom from the bedromm area. Due to limited space, you can't help but see this if you are in the room at the same time because there is no where else to go other than sit at the desk directly in front of the window or lie on the bed because there is no room to stand on either side of the bed. THE BATHROOM IS ANOTHER STORY. IF YOU ARE MORE THAN 5'5&quot;, BE PREPARED TO CLASH YOUR KNEES AGAINST THE WALL IF YOU SIT ON THE TOILET. I WILL NEVER, AND I MEAN NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL AGAIN. NEITHER WILL MY FRIENDS.	
Sep 18 2009 	fabulous-loved it	i like many others was wary after reading a few bad reviews but was very pleasantly surprised. i stayed for 5 nites with my boyfriend and we loved it. the decor is very cool and though the rooms are smallish they are very modern and space is used well! the staff were so friendly and helpful. the bars inside and out are worth a look. and the rooftop terrace has a lovely relaxed open feel with sun loungers and a hammock! only ate once in the outdoor bar, though it was a little pricey. overall a very good experience and would definetly recommend to any young couple or maybe a group of friends. ( you would need to upgrade if more than 2!) .enjoyed the experience and was reluctant to leave! the comfortable pillows added to my good feelings bout this place!!	
Sep 18 2009 	Don't Bother	My meeting was a disaster. Internet repeatedly failed. Cell phones don't work well in meeting rooms. Temperature of room was either too hot or too cold. Management was unaccountable. The food made us queasy... The place has become dirtier since my last visit.	
Sep 16 2009 	Some pros but too many cons	I was looking forward to staying in this hotel, having been to the bars before on previous visits to New York.Overall, I have found the experience pretty disappointing. First of all, here are the pros:- Great location- Lots of places to eat nearby and also some decent bars not too far away- Nice bars within the hotel, although the clientele were a little sad- My room (the studio type) was actually quite a decent sized room.Cons- Service is not good in this hotel, especially at the front desk, which I found sloppy and pretty unprofessional. There was no polish to the service. The staff didn't really seem like they cared about the hotel guest's experience.- Bar prices are far too high - $9 for a bottle of beer...- Bathrooms are not very good at all although there are decent showers. They're a bit cheap looking.- Rooms have a safe but it's not bolted down, therefore a waste of time- No fridges in rooms- $7.50 for a bottle of water in your room, if you can't be bothered going out to buy it- Sound insulation is rubbish. I did not get a single night's undisturbed sleep. I was woken up by the noise of other guests opening and closing their doors.Overall I would say some people would like this hotel - if they hadn't stayed in a good hotel before. It's very much a 3* hotel in my book and I wouldn't recommend it to friends. NY has loads of hotels, many in great locations and this hotel lacks features to make it stand out from the crowd. The most annoying thing of all during my stay was when I tried to have a drink in the 'library bar' and when I sat down, I was told half the bar was 'reserved for a private party'. I'm not really interested in staying hotels where the guest is second fiddle to the public.	
Sep 16 2009 	It s past it and I am past it .... too expensive for what it is / should be / was	Never again, never, ever! The spin goes that the Hudson “was” a dormitory redesigned by Philippe Stark into a haven of high design for the hip and well heeled – “the next generation of Cheap Chic – stylish, democratic, young at heart and utterly cool”.. I’d say that the Hudson IS a dormitory/flop house where form definitely trumps substance. The problem with all these sharp, pristine design places is… what do you do when they are no longer neither sharp nor pristine? They start fraying at the edges and slip in clientele. I can get the Hudson as a fun hang out for 20 something’s from the world over arriving in town and NYC being their oyster, I get the Cheap Chic, young at heart and cool references … but if it is the young uber cool tribe that they wish to attract then these walk in wardrobes of rooms should be at a lower price. USD 495 for a tiny room with no mini-bar and minimal service is neither Cheap nor Chic to me.… I get the feeling that the Hudson is more filled more by Priceline than Facebook or the hip and well heeled. And this is why a generationally specific environment gets filled by other generations who will feel like fish out of water. People like me! …. people who do not want to deal with a blaring empty disco vibe in the lobby and every night and elevators all day and who may react weirdly to “Hey dude” from bar staff.Apparently I was lucky, the nice Korean lady assigned to cleaning my room let me know that I had “one of the biggest rooms in the hotel” ..; I was neither feeling my luck nor the love of the Hudson. My room was very small and dark. No bath only a shower with a curtain that did a very bad job of containing the water – brought a whole new spin on the “wet bathroom” concept. It took the longest I have ever experienced for the water to heat up once I ran the shower. Very annoying sheer net curtains served as the doors to the closet and to hide acces to the bathroom as well as a thematic anchor for the décor. The got stuck constantly! Wifi worked well though the hotel web site was somewhat misleading in giving the impression it was free for my room category. Room service was sporadic with something forgotten or mistaken on each of the two times I used it for breakfast in four. On two occasions I had very important messages from business contacts not reach me from the concierge desk to the clear detriment of the organisation of my trip.Yet .. I feel like a grouch .. I am in my forties and past it probably! (yet I shared this view with many I spoke with over the music in the elevators) ….I know many younger people in the creative or high tech fields who would have a blast here .. but not at the prices the Hudson demands. They need to rebuild the demographic of their clientele here and get with the hip rather than foisting the Hip on an unsuspecting past it clientele… like me.	
Sep 15 2009 	Terrible experience	Well I'm actually stuck at this hotel for three more days on a business trip. I got to my room last night exhausted after a very long day and was shocked by how small and dark it was. I had to crawl around on the floor looking for an electrical outlet which I found behind my bed - when I stood up I hit my face on the TV screen which is placed on the wall next to the bed leaving no room to maneuver. Blood was pouring out of the cut between my eyes and I was pretty hysterical. I called the front desk and asked to speak to the manager so I could get advice on what to do (certainly NOT wanting to spend my night at a NYC ER) - I was 3 times connected to a line that just rang and rang with no answer. I called front desk again asking where the manager was and was told that 'security' would be coming to my room - I asked emphatically not to send security. 5 minutes later two big body guard types were knocking on my door . . .and still no word from the management. By the time, the manager finally called me I was furious - he offered no assistance other than offering to 'see if their house doctor was available, which would be a $300 charge to my room' and insisted I had to fill out a report with 'security' . . .and then sent the security guards to my room again! I went with my bloody face to find ice - only to find the machine on my floor and the next floor not working - on the third floor I finally found some. Luckily I was able to get ahold of friend's who live in the city who recommended a plastic surgeon to give me stiches this morning. Oh and I asked for a wake up call this morning . . .and didn't get it!	
Sep 13 2009 	The bed gave me a back ache	The location is good.There is nothing on the front of the hotel to identify it--no name, no address--which I find pretentious and annoying. You only know you're in the right place if you know about the chartreuse-lighted escalator. The public areas of this hotel are lovely--the lobby with the skylit, ivy-covered roof, the two outdoor bars (one on the 15th floor with a view), the cozy library bar, the lively dance bar, and the attractive though expensive &quot;cafeteria.&quot; The rooms are tiny but stylish. The size would have been OK for myself, traveling alone. But I had three complaints: 1. The air conditioning was noisy. Every time it cranked up it was like there was a buzz saw in the room. 2. The bathroom was so tiny that I could barely squeeze onto the toilet (and I'm 5' 2&quot;!). Also, the stylish sink fixtures dripped unless you got the lever in just the right spot. 3. Most of all, the bed gave me a back ache that still hurt for a couple of days after I got home and slept on my good mattress. If the above complaints could be addressed (possibly in a different room) I might consider staying there again.	
Sep 12 2009 	New York First Timer	Located close to central park with easy tube access to the rest of the city this place was ideal for a first time tourist. The rooms are small but with everything you need. Didn't eat in the restaurant but enjoyed the bar in the garden.. Enjoyed the stay - got some great tips off the concierge for going out. Probably wouldn't return to the same hotel in any city as large as New York but would definitely reccommend to friends.	
Sep 12 2009 	new york chic at its best	loved it, loved it! on arrival a member of staff was there to take our suitcases which was a relief after dragging them around all day. we checked in the receptionist was extremeley friendly, on arrival we decided to upgrade to the bigger room with 2 doubles after hearing the rooms were tiny. we paid an extra $50 a night. once we were in the room defo worth it room was a fab size massives of space. not lots of clothes space but we could manage. decor v. cool and just look clean and the beds so inviting after a trans atlantic flight. my fav part the roof top terrace so beautiful and relaxing after a hard days sightseeing! drinks expensive but i think worth it $14 white wine. all the staff i spoke to were really friendly and helpful.good location one block from central park. 10 mins ish to time square. little cafe on the corner open all the time or snacks. new york is the best place in the world ( in my opinion) would defo recomend the hudson and would stay there again!the bad reviews are maybe valid in terms the double rooms being small but u do have the option to upgrade if u feel that strongly about havin a bigger room. the hostel comments are certainly a little much. the clientel is definately of a young hip visitors, if you wants something more traditional then book the waldof or the roosevelt etc. but come on your in nyc who cares that much!!!!	
Sep 9 2009 	an easy hit	We stayed at the Hudson after doing tonnes of research and trawling through the best deals at the time. We finally decided after their &quot;stay 3 nights get 1 free&quot; offer (and I had watched too much Sex and the City - the one where Smith waited for Samantha at the bottom of the lifts after she cheated on him with Richard was filmed here!) and overall enjoyed our stay. It's in a good location, close to Central Park and the subway, and the hotel is very clean. In response to all the &quot;too trendy&quot; comments - a New Yorker summed up the hotel nicely saying &quot;it was the place to be...10 years go&quot;. It used to be uber-trendy but has lost its edge, which to be honest I was quite happy with. They closed the bar to residents a couple of evenings that we were there, and really tried to put you off going in with dress codes, clubbing music early evening, etc. The roof terrace though is really, really nice and much more relaxed.Yes, the rooms are seriously small even by London standards but they are the same across the city. If you're on holiday in NYC you aren't going to spend much time in your room, does it really matter? It's an easy hit when you have an infinite number of places to choose from.	
Sep 7 2009 	Brilliant Stay	Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Hudson for 5 nights to celebrate our 21st Birthdays. I was a bit worried after seeing some of the reveiws but I must say I had a great time. The staff could not have been more helpful, including the man outside the front of the hotel who suggested a couple of bars for us to visit. I will admit the room is a little small but who care you are not in New York to stay in the room. It provided everything you needed. The bed was comfy, it was clean (the maids where brilliant) and there was suffient space for your shopping. We were on level 14 and so didn't hear any of the noise from the bars. The aircon was a little bit noisy but it was really good in the hot weather so we didnt mind. Also by the time we got back to the hotel we fell straight to sleep anyway. There were a number of small touches. The safe was free, there was an ipod dock and on the last day when it rained we were able to borrow an umbrella from the front desk. These may seem like silly things but they made our stay more comfortable. It is in a great location just a few minutes walk from the tube and central park. There was also a great mexican on 9th avenue not far from the hotel. We also went to a bakery in the shopping centre on columbus circle which was brilliant and just what we needed to start the day. Along with the bakery there was a restaurant next to it where we had a fantastic breakfast which I would recommend. This hotel may not be everyones cup of tea, especially if you are tall, however, for us it was perfect and made our holiday that much better.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great time but small room	I liked the atmosphere, I enjoyed the way the rooms are decorated, but I think they definitely are too small.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great location cool atmosphere	First of all, I would like to thank all the reviewers. I knew exactly what to expect when I arrived. Yes, the room is small, so what? My room at home is certainly bigger but when I travel I dont expect a suite, unless I pay for it. I definitely prefer a small room in a modern, clean hotel than a bigger room in an old fashioned, old looking hotel. To be honest, the room felt cosy after all. We didnt have any problem storing our shopping bags, and we did a lot of shopping. There is a small wardrobe were you can place your luggage, and a few hangers for your clothes, and you can place all your shopping on an upper shelf. It is a matter of being a bit organised. The bathroom is small but again, I dont need anything else apart from it being clean. It even fits a bathtub. Good TV and stereo (which we didnt use). After reading many reviews I can say that you cannot blame he hotel for other guests banging doors etc. While in the room you cannot hear your fellow guests next door. Downsides: windows should be double glazed to avoid the noise coming from the street, even on the 19th floor you can hear the traffic. We were given room 543 upon arrival, and we had to change the next morning since right outside were lots of huge AC machines which made lots of noise. The hotel should not sell that room, you cannot sleep there. It feels like you are on a plane with that constant buzzing. But again, newxt morning we were given a room on he 19th floor and no problem. It is true that the AC in the room is very noisy. Other stuff: the common areas are spectacular, the library room is fantastic, and so is the roof terrace. Yes, drinks are not cheap, but you are in NYC, in a great roof terrace on the 15th floor, how much are you willing to pay? I have paid more money for a drink in a lot less fancier bars, so I recommend it, at least once you have to experience it at night. By the way, I never heard any noises coming from the club in the room. Staff were helpful when we needed any assistance, no delay in either check in or out. And the location is just great, you can walk to Times Sq in 10-15 min, and you are right at the entrance of Central Park. Walking distance to most sites. And also Columbus Circle subway station will take you to many other places without having to chang trains, although beware since the subway is a bit tricky and you have to use different entrances to different lines. Around the hotel you have many places to have bfast, so I wouldnt pay 25$ at the hotel. I so recommend the Hudson, but of course deppending on the rate you are paying. I think 125$ a night is more than fair for what we got. I hope to be back one day!!	
Sep 5 2009 	Still like but as much as before	I have stayed at the Hudson many times and always love it but I am not loving some new changes they have made. #1 No mini bar in roomThis is huge mistake if you ask me. It felt like 100 degrees when I was there I I had to walk down the hall forever to get water! Also, if you get in late there is NO FOOD anywhere. Tired from a long flight, I still had to walk to a corner lousy deli to buy SOMETHING AWFUL to eat because I was so hungry. Upon returning to hotel they would not let me eat it on their table in the bar even though NO ONE was in the bar. My only other complaint is that things are too pricey. The food area when it is open is way too expensive. A morning latte is $9! And why don't they offer free wi-fi like everyone else does now? Nope..$10 to access the internet. Drinks on the terrace? Expect to pay about $15 a drink....ouch.So, other than my food issues and pricing I still like The Hudson for it's style and location. I like that a lot of Europeans stay there. And lastly, the staff is super super nice---all of them.	
Aug 31 2009 	Disgusting and gross	Horrible experience with poor front desk management skills. Our first room had over 1 foot of water in the tub after we tried to shower. Took a while for it to be fixed, and we were offered to switch rooms for our troubles. It took hours for them to switch our room, and the new room had a broken AC. Could not sleep all night. We canceled our third night, and went back home with a bitter taste. Also the dingy dark hallways, concealed the stained carpets. I would never stay here again! It was miserable!	
Aug 18 2009 	Asked for a non-smoking room got a smoking room.	Just checked in. It didn't seem so bad at first, and I was too tired to go down and re-ask for what I asked for in the first place. Now my eyes are watering. Can't open the window. Totally toxic. The bars and roof lounge look beautful, but I won't be back.	
Aug 17 2009 	Trendy Hotel with SMALL Rooms	Arriving at the Hudson on Saturday night I was prepared for a small hotel room, I had warned my husband multiple times that we were staying in one of the smallest hotel rooms on the planet. I had not envisioned this small. Picture a room with a queen sized bed and one foot of space on each side of the bed - I felt like I was in a walk-in closet. Luckily we did not spend alot of time there, as one person has to be sitting on the bed for the other to be able to move about the room. If you are taller than 6 feet you also will likely not be able to sit on the toilet as your knees will hit the wall in front of you. So aside from the small room here are my thoughts:Pros:- Very cool atmosphere, if you go be sure to check out the rooftop patio &amp; courtyard bars- Impressive lobby- Decent price ($175 per night plus a $50 per day room credit to use in the hotel because of the package we selected)- Modern &amp; trendy decor- Friendly concierge &amp; front desk staff- We did not see this until it was too late but appreantly there is a really hip nightclub in the hotel on certain evenings (would have been good to mention upon our arrival)- Across the street from subway system, lots of stores and food options nearby, close to Central Park &amp; within walking distance to Times SquareCons:- Price of food &amp; drink (two mixed drinks cost $40 with tip and breakfast for two people was $50 daily)- It is extermely dark throughout the hotel including the rooms- Room was a bit noisy, we could hear doors slamming throughout the night &amp; morning- Room floors looked like they had not been cleaned in months- Service slow at bars &amp; restaurantsOverall our stay was fair, we luckily did not spend much time in our hotel room, it was cramped for two people especially after a few shopping bags were added to the room. If you can afford a larger room I would consider that option. If we had not had the $50 room credit I would not have eaten at the restaurant for breakfast every day, the food was good but not worth $25 per plate.	
Aug 16 2009 	Hip Dormitory	If this hotel used to be a college dormitory, it shows in the rooms.Compared to all the cookie cutter business hotels I've stayed in, this was a very memorable stay. Sure the hotel had its faults but I stayed here for the chance to try something different and the hotel met my wish.The lobby is eye opening, from the escalator ride up from street level to the checkin desk under a canopy of vines, the atmosphere was chic. Although I didn't go into club, the fact that it was still hopping at 1AM was exciting.Rooms are dormitory small and the wood paneling just provides false cover. The showers were barely wider than a telephone booth. Cheap air conditioning and small television sets.If the price is lower than $150 (or if the sheer boredom of staying in corporate hotels is too overwhelming) then stay here. If not, then there are plenty of other options in the city.	
Aug 15 2009 	A little sad...	If the Hudson were a showgirl, her name would be Lola (as in Lola from Copa Cabana - &quot;but that was 30 years ago when she used to have her show...&quot;) Don't get me wrong. The rooms are smallish but nice. The amenities are great - but the vibe of the entire place had the feeling of 2:00 am desperation. You arrive at street level through non-descript doors and you follow the radioactive lights up an escalator. When I arrived, the computers were down, so I had to wait close to 30 minutes to be checked in manually. The bar across the lobby was playing loud disco - so I asked to be placed away from all that, and I was. The restaurant behind the counter looked interesting but I did not try it as there seemed to be big bouncers everywhere. Maybe Barry was in town... Good location near TimeWarner Center and Columbus Circle. Great nearby restaurants as well - but I don't think I'll stay here again. I did dance to Copa Cabana when it first came out, but I'd like to think I've grown up since then.	
Aug 15 2009 	Trendy is just a cover-up	Me and a good friend of mine are making a roundtrip troughout the U.S.A. and already stayed in a lot of different hotels. Due to the fact that we are students we booked our rooms using priceline.com. We slept for example in the franchises: Mariott, Radisson and Delta. A few weeks before sleeping at the hotels we made phonecalls to ask for double bedrooms, there was no problem at all until we called the Hudson hotel. A kind of unfriendly lady told us it would be impossible to sleep in a double bedroom even when we offered to pay for an upgrade. When arrived at the hotel we kindly asked again for an upgrade to a double bedroom, unfortunately all the rooms were occupied but the lady offered us an alternative (kind of strange since it was impossible to upgrade by phone). We could upgrade for $40 a night to a deluxe room which was equipped with a queen bed (which should be larger than the regular one). This was the only option to sleep seperately because this room was spacy enough to equip with a roll-in bed that she could arrange. Unfortunately the bed wasn't arrived after 3 hours and we had to ask it again for 3 times before the bed was rolled in.Well, we don't understand how you can equip a room with such a tiny queen bed. I'm 6 foot 5 and I don't even fit in the bed, my best guess is that the bed is about 6 foot 3. So if you are taller than 6 foot it would already be too small. The roll-in bed is a joke.This hotel acts like it is really fashioned and trendy, but we felt that as a cover-up for inferior quality.	
Aug 14 2009 	A treat for those who appreciate style and service!	I had a number of stays over 8 months at the Hudson Hotel. The staff and facilities were outstanding! You have it all in this cool boutique hotel! A great restaurant, beautiful outdoor (weather permitting) and indoor spaces with comfort that says stay a while! Evenings the night club gets pumping for the trendy, beautiful people who just want to have a great time....What the rooms lack in space (a single is pretty small) they make up for with a cool, breezy, well grounded design. When traveling, less time in the room is my motto and when it's time to sleep I want the bed to feel like a retreat; home away from home.... I love the white duvets and great pillows! Design wise the warm, rich texture of the wood paneled walls in contrast with the crisp white linens that soften the space, flow breezily making the room feel very high end, and like they knew you were worth it.	
Aug 13 2009 	Not 3-star. Great location but rooms WAY TOO SMALL even for NYC.	Good: This hotel is chic. Great common areas, hip bar and courtyard, and very modern. The location is great, right off Central Park South and behind the Times Warner Center at Columbus Circle.Bad: The rooms are the smallest I've ever seen. I thought I was on a hidden camera show when I walked into the room. These rooms are even &quot;small&quot; on a NYC scale. The rate was $279/night for a &quot;deluxe queen' room. I would have loved to have seen the smaller rooms..................can't imagine a smaller room. This &quot;deluxe queen&quot; was about 180 sq. ft. ..................that's small!!!Plus the room had dark wood paneling on EVERY inch of the walls. I think this was supposed to make it look luxurious, but it made the room dreary and depressing and even made it feel smaller than it really was. Well, I think what made it feel small was the fact that the WALLS WERE SO CLOSE TO EACH OTHER, hahahaha.The bed barely fit in the room. Looked like it was wedged between 2 custom night stands (which were custom because you can't normally buy night stands this small) and the night stands were touching the side walls.This is just greed at it's finest. If, when rennovating this hotel, they would have knocked the walls down between the rooms, doubling the size of the rooms, then it would have been suffice. Still it would have been 360 sq ft, but comparable to most NYC hotel rooms at that point.	
Aug 12 2009 	Birthday Weekend	Expected to get a tiny room, actually we booked a superior queen, worth every penny, got a great deal at booking.com, the Hudson is chic, stylish, hip &amp; trendy, We stayed 4 nights, the location can't be beat, had the most amazing and romantic time, thanks for everything, will be back, cheers, Lee &amp; Amanda.......	
Aug 12 2009 	Small noisy air con very strange service	I had never been offered 1 tiny hole of a room with see-through bathroom facility and very loud air con for 2 girlfriends (not a couple) before!!! What were they thinking? No need to say we didn't actually stay.	
Aug 11 2009 	Over priced small rooms disaster of a stay.	This is one of the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. My family and I traveled with three children up the East Coast and visited eight states over two and a half weeks. We stated at 6 different hotels, all rated three-star or higher. The Hudson was, by far, the worst hotel we stayed in. Knowing that this is New York, we expected small rooms and the prices high. But the Hudson's rooms are tiny even by NYC standards - even with a $40/night deluxe &quot;upgrade.&quot; The Hudson is also difficult to find, the staff was generally unhelpful, and the elevators play loud rock music. The Hudson bills itself as &quot;urban chic,&quot; but the rooms are better described as just &quot;plain cheap.&quot;	
Aug 11 2009 	hip and trendy in the City	I just got back from a long weekend in NYC with a group of three girlfriends. We stayed at this hotel and had a great time.The public spaces are very cool and hip. Yes, they are dark but that is the vibe they were going for. There are two great outdoor spaces for food and drink if you would like a bit of sunlight.We stayed in 2 standard queen rooms. I booked standard doubles, but were upgraded to standard queen when we checked into the hotel. The woman at the front desk was very nice and just offered the rooms without being asked. In fact, all of the staff that we came across were extremely nice.I am not sure how big the people are that complained about not being able to fit into the bathroom comfortably, but one of my girlfriends is 6 foot tall and she had no issues.The only bit of advice I might give would be to get a room on an upper floor. The club/bar in the lobby is very loud. We stayed on the 12th floor and couldn't hear it but I bet you could on about the 10th.I would definitely stay here again. It was a great location for a great price - we paid $100 a night per room.	
Aug 11 2009 	Good location but a tight fit	The Hotel porters who sussed from our luggage tags that we had arrived in NY on the Queen Mary 2 bet us before we saw our room that it would be smaller than our cabin on the ship. Too true. The management might describe the accommodation as being bijoux, trendy or arty but does this apply to having only 8 inches of clearance between the front edge of the en-suite wc and the blank dividing wall? The Hudson was constructed in 1928 by the daughter of J.P Morgan as a clubhouse for the American Women’s Association and a residence for young women. Consequently the rooms are small and not designed for multiple occupancy. One assumes the ladies had single beds, better suited to the room dimensions.We only got $1.43 to the pound so the cost of Hudson Hotel food, drink and particularly room-service was prohibitive. We dined out and breakfasted at a local coffee house.The Hotel atrium is attractive and the roof terrace [ when open ] is an asset. But the main attraction of the Hotel is its location. It is close to the Subway at the SW corner of Central Park and there are several ethnic restaurants in the vicinity. Times Sq area is within walking distance [just]When checking out of the Hudson please avoid the large queues at the desk that can form at peak period when numerous guests are arriving and departing. Pre-arrange your checkout or you may miss your transfers to the Airport.	
Aug 10 2009 	Go for a drink instead	Myself and my husband avoided staying in the hotel due to the tiny rooms, however we went for drinks one evening instead. On arrival the places bright yellows lights and décor make it very enticing. We headed to the Secret Garden terrace bar, located on the 15th Floor to have a few cocktails – some of which were the best we drunk during our stay. The waitresses in the courtyard and rooftop bar were scantly dressed in Moroccan style clothes. A little bit seedy, however all staff were very friendly. Many of the rooms appear to overlook the courtyard, which was playing very loud funky tunes – perhaps not ideal for the guests in their rooms. We enjoyed the ambiance of the sky terrace however we were immensely glad we had not stayed there as the windows were the size of matchboxes and so closely packed together, the rooms must have been tiny. Go for a drink, but avoid the place if you want a bit of space.	
Aug 9 2009 	Even an elf would have a hard time fitting into the standard room	I recently spent the night here. For $235 per night, I was shocked when I opened the door to what looked like a broom closet. I had booked a standard non smoking queen room. When we arrived, we were told they just had smoking rooms available. The rooms smelled like a box of marlboro cigarettes. The hallway leading up to the door was dark and dingy, run down. I've stayed in cruise ship cabins that were larger. There was 1 foot of space on either side of the lumpy bed which has since caused me 3 trips to the chiropractor. The only amenities provided in the room were two cracked rinsing cups. I have never in my life seen a room this tiny. The bathroom tile and room decor was very no frills. You had to stretch your neck like a giraffe to see the tv on the wall. Sitting on the toilet seat was impossible because of the wall right in front of you. The only nice thing about the hotel were the common areas, it seems like the hotel spent all their money on the lobby/restaurants and built a motel 6 above. Very disappointed!!!!!	
Aug 9 2009 	Only for lone travellers intending to spend minimal time in hotel	My husband and I stayed 3 nights in this hotel in August. Overall, I was satisfied, but my husband not. Here are a few points:- Great location: 1 minute walk from Columbus Circle metro station, serving a few metro train lines, including Line A which will take you directly to JFK airport. Also, it is very close to Central Park, and about 20 minutes walk to Broadway theatre district. It is close to restaurants and cafes, and a shopping mall (where you can find the Whole Foods grocery shop). - Peculiar decor. The lobby and the rooms are decorated stylishly, that is, if you like this kind of modern decoration. The main complaint we had was that it was too dark everywhere: in the lobby, in the restaurants, and in the rooms. - Hardwood floor and nice wood paneling in our room, which I really liked.- Room is very small -- many other reviewers have already commented on this. - Bathroom is very small -- I don't particularly mind a small bathroom without a tub (shower only), but there does not seem to be enough room in front of the toilet, making it very cramped. (I am a small person, so I could still fit into the space, but I imagine it would be really difficult for a big or even an average person.) Also, not enough room around the sink to place the basic things (like cups and toothpaste). - No free Internet. One has to pay US$10 per day for wireless Internet access. No wired Internet.- The restaurant in the hotel is expensive, and the food is not good. Avoid the crab cakes. They are so salty I had to drink a lot of water to wash them down! (As I was hungry, otherwise I would not have touched them). I would say try restaurant outside the hotel. It is very close to the Hell's Kitchen district with lots of restaurants to fit every taste.- The AC in the room is very noisy, so we had to turn it off to go to sleep. - Lots of noise from the busy streets below (we were on the sixth floor). - Our room was very far away from the elevator. I never thought this could be a problem until we actually walked for probably 2 minutes (3 long corridors and two turns) to get from the elevator to our room. If you have lots of luggage or small children, this could be a problem. In short, if you are a lone traveler intending to spend minimal time in the hotel, this could be ideal. Otherwise, you need to consider the pros and cons.	
Aug 7 2009 	Fantastic - Funky 	If you want a few days away in New York, then stay here! We stayed here about 2 months ago as my wife to be was getting her wedding dress in New York.The rooms are fairly small but large enough for a very comfortable stay. There is no need for larger rooms, you are in New York!!The hotel is very clean and the staff are friendly and courteous. The light bar is cool and the bartenders could not be friendlier!We actually extended our honeymoon plans to go back to the Hudson for 2 nights at the start of September!! We were only suppost to be in transit in JFK.Cant Wait !!	
Aug 5 2009 	Cool Oasis in the concrete jungle	The chic Hudson Hotel is a great destination. Most enjoyable are a variety of common areas that suite different styles. Indoor/Outdoor dining, the club, the Secret Garden which has partial cover in case of rain, and the Sky Terrace. Previous posters have mentioned the &quot;creepy dim lit hallways&quot;. There was no problem seeing where you were going, and I enjoyed the change from the usual harsh institutional lighting. The hallways are painted a dark grey, so the illusion of darkness is probably magnified by this. Hotel staff were pleasant and attentive. Rooms were clean, well appointed, and comfortable.The negatives have to do with the check in process. Official check in time is 3pm. We checked in at noon, and were told the room wasn't ready, however it would be within the hour. We decided to relax on the Secret Garden terrace while we waited. We made 3 separate inquiries during the next 4 hours about our room, being told each time that it wasn't ready yet. It was almost 5pm before we were given access to our room. The wait was made more annoying by the fact that we couldn't use the room charge, even though we were checked in, until we physically had our things in the room. Due to circumstances, my daughter and I were at the hotel without my wallet so being denied use of our room charge kept us from even enjoying a drink during the time. We also noted other tourists being offered free drinks, but were told this is something only management could authorize. By my own admission, I am not pushy and err on the side of being too friendly so I did not press the issue.Overall, I enjoyed the hotel. The feel of the hotel and the neighborhood are both big positives.	
Aug 3 2009	Location is great	After reading the reviews on this site...I was certainly skeptical...First the good- location is perfect. Loved the shopping right across the street, great lunches at Bouchon. Subway station at Colombus Circle couldn't be more convenient. Staff was very friendly, staff at front door was first rate- helping with subway and walking directions. Outdoor patio both on main floor and 15th floor were lovely. Ok, now the negative...hotel has no sign outside- friends meeting us could not find it...too cool for a sign?? Room was like my grandmothers basement with dark paneled walls and no light. Bed was uncomfortable. I will not reiterate the room size issue- suffice to say it is extremely small. We overlooked the main floor patio and that evening there was a concert and it was loud in the room- glad to leave for dinner! The hallways were dark and dare I say- spooky!!! Would make a good location for a slasher movie!! Overall, since I got the room for a steal on priceline, I can't complain due to the perfect location. Would not be my first choice to stay there again tho.	
Aug 2 2009 	Location vs Legroom - the tall man's burden	My wife and I had a week at the Hudson last year. As with every reviewer who didn't pay up for a big room or get a jammie upgrade, we were prepared for small. Perhaps not, though, for surreal small. Not Borrowers small. Not Fraggle Rock small. My wife has pictures of me (fully clad and for descriptive purposes only) stretched out across the bed. Although quite tall, cross ways the room extended from my head to my shins; lengthways, from headboard my feet very nearly reached the shower. Weird feeling, sleeping in there with its woodpanelled walls and low ceiling with a glinting fire safety nozzle. Every night I felt like Sean Connery in the coffin at Slumber's Funeral Parlor in 'Diamonds are Forever'. The walls squeezing in ever closer - what if I'd offended a receptionist? She might turn on the ovens, and stand by with an urn for the garden of remembrance...!So rooms, and bathrooms, weren't so good. You can't do 'good' with those limitations, just reasonably clean and well air conditioned. The rest of the hotel, though, including the staff attitude and service, is fantastic and chic and modernist and inspiring. From the library to the bars, to the skyline views from the trendily underlit roof garden, the whole thing is just a joy to be in after one too many B&amp;Bs or twee country house hotels. Admittedly, the half naked waitresses in the courtyard and rooftop bars were a strange touch to be sure - I really mean it, when we were there girls dressed in a kind of unbuttoned Morroccan jellaba were dishing out the Sam Adams and cosmos. It might sound like a nice one for the [single] lads, but in the midst of a properly swanky hotel it just came off as unnecessarily seedy.Of course, the best thing about this place is the location. You really can do a huge chunk of NY things from here on foot which is so fantastic, as New York is a very underrated walking city by tourists. You can practically throw a tennis ball into the Lincoln Center from the Hudson (which had film, dance and music summer festivals on whilst we were there, most of them free). Columbus Circle's at the other end of the street with all its life and transport links; and, of course, Central Park and the Met Museum really is only a 10/15 minute stroll away. On location alone, it's highly recommended. If, like me, you really need a trusted love one to saw off your legs before you go so that you can fit into the bedroom, then I say do it, just for the barking mad Hudson experience! Of course, the leg issues might negate the strong location plusses for walkers, but you get the idea.PS If you do stay, one of the best Mexican restaurants in the city is just around the corner (the Rosa Mexicano). It's not to be missed - a beautiful place to eat outside or in, with a fabulous menu and incredible cocktails. Amble back to your lodgings drunk and stuffed after a summer night on it's terrace, lucky things!	
Aug 1 2009 	No space for the shopping bags and offensive service!	I stayed at the Hudson Hotel with my husband. We were expecting a very small room, which is certainly what we got, but we won't be booking such a small room again. It was so small it was actually a bit of a health hazard. I banged my head on the tv a few times while getting out of bed! The only advantage of the size of the room was that it stayed very hot, so if you want to be assured of a hot room in Nov/Dec in New York book this hotel. Our main gripe was the offensive service from the security guy manning the lifts at the lobby. For some reason he singled out my husband to ask to see our room key, but did not ask any of the other 15 people waiting for the lifts. It was extremely embarassing as other guests noticed what was happening and the same guy did this a few times. We complained to reception and were told that the manager would speak to us the following day, however on returning to our room the following day a tray had been left with 2 bottles of water and 2 apples with an apology note from the shift manager - not an acceptable apology particularly when my husband continued to be singled out! It is disappointing that this incident spoiled our opinion of the hotel as the actual reception staff were friendly and helpful. I have stayed in various hotels in New York and this is the only hotel I would not recommend based on the size of the room and service.	
Jul 31 2009 	Small(ish) trendy funky	Stayed at the Hudson hotel overnight during a recent business trip to Manhattan (cororate rate). It is a bit difficult to find from the outside so make sure you note the physical address. I was warned about the size of the rooms (particularly the bathroom) before I arrived and the stories were not exaggerated. I found myself wishing to be Alice in Wonderland so I could nibble a bit of the mushroom to shrink in size such that the room was more comfortable. At 6'2&quot; with a decent wingspan, I can honestly say I wasn't too far from being able to touch both far walls...Although the room was small, it was very comfortable for one or two nights. The bed is low to the floor and there is a nice Sony flat screen hung against one of the mirrored walls.Small(ish) room not withstanding, the bigger concern with this hotel is the lighting. I completely understand it is part of the experience the hotel is going for but the common spaces are too dark. Particularly around the check-in desk and the elevator. Sorry, this is a hotel, not a nightclub, please turn up the lights a bit!All this said, if you are like me and prefer a hotel room with character as opposed to the standard Marriott, Hyatt, etc. its worth it stay here for a night or two.	
Jul 31 2009	From the moment we entered up the escalator - just fantastic ...	From the moment we arrived after what can only be described as a flight from hell - we were welcomed in style being shown to the Library for a cocktail to celebrate my 30th birthday. The staff at the hotel were polite, friendly and extremely helpful - nothing was too much bother. The food and cocktails were also superb.I was travelling with my mother as it was a girl's weekend away and when we were shown to our room on the 8th floor ( although people keep saying the rooms are small) our room was fabulous - plently of room for us, luggage and all the shopping that we somehow accumlated ! Ohhhh and the beds and pillows - wow the best three nights sleep I have had in a long time, so comfortable I could have quite happily stayed in bed !Thank you for making our stay so perfect, I will be making sure I come back very soon for a repeat visit and I know my mother will aswell. Highly recommend to all that ask where we stayed !!	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Location and comfortable rooms..	after reading mixed reviews on trip adviser I would happily recommend the Hudson hotel NYC. Travelling with a group of friends I saw a whole variety of accomodation and the Hudson was defnitly the best. Located in a great part of town the Hudson is accessible to everywhere. The only downside would be the size of the bathroom but it was manageable. Having a 6'6 tall partner he found it a struggle on the toilet but it was fine otherwise. Comfortable beds, and gorgeous linen. The decor of the room is beautiful. The hotel itself is defnitly worth visiting. The outside patio drinking areas are magnificent and the rooftop bar speaks for itself. Gorgeous! The nightclub seems quite busy but drinks were rather pricey at US $10 a beer. Would defnitly recommend staying here.. but be mindful of the telephone - extreamly expensive. $35 for 60 seconds talk time! better off with a phone card!	
Jul 29 2009	good location - good hotel	Was a wee bit apprehensive after reading some of the reviews here, however had a perfectly acceptable stay. A public areas, bars, cafeteria etc spacious and cool design. Bedroom was very small - that said for a trip of 5 nights it was adequate. After reading one of the reviews I was concerned that there was nowhere to store luggage or clothes - not true. Closet area is at the door and is &quot;door free&quot; and plenty of room. Small ironing board and iron provided in room (saves having to phone housekeeping!). 1 other small closet with a few shelves and 1 drawer. Room also has a safe and a CD system. Hairdryer in bathroom but yes strangely only soap, shampoo and bodymilk provided so bring your own shower gel and conditioner. Bathroom was tiny - but again it served it's purpose! &quot;window&quot; between bathroom and room - it's a feature - have a look at the Sanderson Hotel in London (part of same group) to see what I mean. TV picture could have been better, but you get used to it, it's not as if it's hazy or anything, just not as clear as I'm used to. Slightly showing it's age in the non-public areas and could probably do with a quick fix of all these little small jobs that we do notice: bedroom door lock didn't work, however doors can't be opened from outside without a pass card plus there is a opening restrictor for extra security. Room service - no more costly than expected from a hotel. Was informed it would arrive in 40 mins, arrived in 25. The macaroni cheese was exceptional. Pizza wee bit less so (watercress is not basil!). Room was facing onto the courtyard and could get a bit noisy at night, but you soon get used to it and I wouldn't say it was a major problem. All seemed to go quiet at a decent hour. I'm trying to pick up here on things that I had read in reviews and concerned me so bear with me if I jump around a bit! Music at reception, wouldn't class it as being too loud plus reception staff were very friendly. The lifts (elevators) had music playing but again I wouldn't have said that this was loud. The corridors were perhaps slightly darker than some garishly bright hallways you may find in other hotels but I would certainly not consider them to be dark! Breakfast was fine but at hotel prices. If you want something cheaper there is a bakery on the corner (1 min walk) plus a traditional diner just across 9th Ave (2 min walk). The location of the hotel was great. It is just next to the Time Warner centre and the Metro (Columbus Circle (59th street)) is a 2 minute walk away. Downtown buses run on 9th Ave 2 minute walk (yes everything is that close!). Cross town buses are one block down on 57th (5 minute walk). Central Park and midtown tourist area are also within walking distance. Always plenty of taxis outside too. If you are travelling from JFK you could use the airtrain then the metro (E from Sutphin Blvd / Archer Ave - this line you would have to change at 50th street or Times Square then take another line up to Columbus Circle, or A from Howard Beach - this would take you directly to Columbus Circle which is 2 minutes from hotel - or maybe 5 depending on your luggage! - note there is an elevator at this station which takes you up to street level). Hope this helps you make up your mind - or allay your fears if you have already booked and have read some of the reviews that I read!	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Hotel Bad Beds	Overall the hotel overall was great - location fabulous, staff very helpful and attentive, restaurant and bars excellent - Library Bar &amp; Sky Terrace especially terrific. As expected, the rooms were very small - but the bed was horrible - you could feel the springs. If that could be improved, we would have had a near perfect stay. A few odd things - the glass wall between the bathroom and bedroom was a unusual, but it did cause us to laugh and speculate on the reason for the design. Wins award for the best hairdryer in a hotel room.	
Jul 28 2009 	The best part of my trip to NYC	I came to the city to escape for the weekend. The kids, the job, the bills, the chores... I came to get away from it all and you couldn't ask for a better hotel to provide that escape. After spending a night, along with hundreds of other cattle at a large chain, whose daughter happens to have the name of a lovely city in France, I was immediately greeted by an out of the box experience. I liked it from the moment I stepped out of the cab, a fiery cauldren literally lighting the entrance to the discreet, yet bold hotel. The gentlemen who greeted us, wearing smart all black uniforms, were extremely friendly and down to earth. Already I felt as though the staff there actually cared about my experience. Entering the hotel you are greeted by a shimmering green &quot;decompression chamber and escalator ride to the main lobby. Again, the staff, was friendly and unique... The decor was wonderfully different, with a wild west, meets Dartmouth College eclectic feel... Every piece of furniture was unique, including the double chairs, which by the way, I saw in an episode of Sex in the City... apparently filmed there... (the affair episode) I also learned that the early years of Sesame Street were filmed in one of the dining areas... (something for everyone at this hotel) The night club area was truly a destination in itself, unbelievable ceiling painting and glass tile lit floors... It was so cool...The room was lovely, with all wood walls, amazingly delicious beds and sheets, I slept better than I ever have in any hotel. The bathroom was clean and crisp and very European in feel, in fact the entire hotel is. When you are in the city, you want a clean, nice room in which you can sleep well...the pillows were better than my own even... The sky terrace made me feel like I was somehow one of New York's elite... which of course I am not...but the wait staff in their adorable summer outfits, were so friendly and genuinely cared if you liked what they served you. How did they get those enormous pots and trees up there? In fact coming home late one night, I was relieved to realize I was close to the hotel, because I could see the greenery from afar... splendid views and outstanding attention to detail. Another small but interesting detail to this hotel, are the elevators.... which by the way, unlike that other hotel...you never have to wait for... the music is just that, not muzac, and the walls are like a sculpted iron swirl... beautiful... on a few of the floors you have access to a large flat screen computer on a georgous marble table... The hallways are dark, but that is part of the appeal... strong, solid, discreet... Really, if you like quality, and an interesting and different hotel experience, you should really come to the Hudson. In reading some of the other reviews, one might be afraid of the comments around size... but what do you come to New York for, to spend the day in your bathroom? Well, even if I had too, I would love it, because that too was squeaky clean and elegant! I would recommend this to anyone and will go back again and again! Thanks for a great experience!	
Jul 27 2009 	Hudson Hotel - Manhattan	I just spent a weekend in Manhattan and have been many times, traveling there one is always looking for an affordable hotel. My daughter was able to get me a great price on the Hudson Hotel which has a great reputation. Entering the hotel is a bit tricky because there isn't a sign on the street and you aren't greeted like most hotels but we found our way. you travel up an escalator to another world which is quite interesting. A huge lobby, two trendy lounges, one outside one in, very eclectic furnishings we were very excited to see our room. The hallways are dark and narrow, industrial feeling. The rooms are very very small and industrical feeling. The bathroom is even smaller in fact when sitting on the toilet your knees touch the wall, can't imagine someone who is 6feet tall! My husband and i felt very cramped, if not in bed there is really no where to sit, I don't think I would stay here again. The lounges are very overpriced but typical of NYC hotels, drink prices ridiculous but again that is NYC,. Staff was great, helpful and it's in a nice location.	
Jul 26 2009 	Fabulous stay - couldn't be better!	Our stay at the Hudson was fantastic. From the moment we entered, we felt like we were in an oasis away from the frenetic pace of the city. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful and the room was serene and comfortable. The location can't be beat as it is very close to 2 subway lines at Columbus Circle, near Whole Foods (great for breakfast on the go) and is walking distance to Carnegie Hall. We've stayed at a few different hotels in the city, but the Hudson will be our &quot;go to&quot; place from now on. It has a beautiful and trendy bar (which is full of life especially on weekends), but the room was really quiet and we were made to feel very comfortable every step of the way.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great location but room small bathroom smallerdark lobby hallway to room	I was worried too about the reviews on the hotel, but arrived late at 11.30pm( for me 4.30am UK time). I was shattered. I found the staff very friendly the doorman Daniel who went out of this way to help from the time arrived to when I left. Lobby very dark could hardly see to sign the card you have to do.I was on the 17th floor which was nice the landing leading to the room was very dark &amp; spooky.(Only noise was people slamming their doors.)My room has double bed very small room, hardly any room to put your clothes. I was on my own so can you imagine a couple. well for the bathrom it was very tiny &amp; I'm 5' 1&quot; so if you were taller you would have job to sit on the toilet in comfort! for the bath it was tiny too. I laid down in it &amp; had to put my feet on the wall.The room was very clean &amp; as for the bed it was very comfy. Same no tea/coffee in the room as an English person we are use to it. The air con was great as 80's which is very hot of us Brits!!!!!Hudson was in a great location easy walking to places as the subway 2 mins walk to Columbus Circle. This right by Central Park. I would recommend you get a Metro card &amp; put how much you want on it &amp; you can top it up at anytime. Beware subway very spooky with lots of pillars around. Sign post not very good comparing to the tube in London.I would recommend &quot;On board tours &quot; (book from home) which I went on which give you a guide of New York. It was 5.5hrs but worth every $. You go on bus/walk/ferry from Time Square which you can walk from the hotel. I took a yellow cab as so jetlagged. I also went on Helicopter ride with same company it was AWESOME.. Its expensive but worth it. You have pics taken you can buy or not. It did.( You can take pics in the helicopter) I would recommend you going on &quot;Top of the Rock &quot;RockfellerCentre as much better view than the Empire State Building.(You have your pics taken here too buy or not I did.) If you have children you must go the toy shop FAO Swartz its fab so much better than Hamleys in London. Time Square offers you cut price tickets to shows the queues were very long. I didn't get to see the show as only ther 4 nights. There is so much to see but will be back again. I would recommend the coffee shop on the corner called EUROPAN open 24 hrs &amp; will deliver to your room.You come out of the hotel turn left its on the corner you can't miss! Enjoy..... I didn't eat in the hotel or go the bars as expensive.Shopping is very good to as tourist you get a discount at Bloomingdales &amp; Macy's. but you need to go to the visitor place to get it &amp; take some ID. Niki shop(Trump Building) was very impressive on 5 floors. You must take a visit to Grand Central Station to see the ceilings &amp; great shopping cenre too. I hope I have given you a flavour of NY.	
Jul 23 2009 	Good experience	My husband and I booked this hotel using Priceline. We were definitely worried after reading previous reviews about rude staff, bad rooms, etc. Our 3 night stay here turned out to be pleasant. The staff was very friendly and nice and we noticed this right away. We got there about 4 hours early and they let us pick between 2 rooms that were ready. The rooms are indeed EXTREMELY small, but VERY clean. The smallness of the room didn't bother us, the only thing that bothered us was the bathroom. The bathroom is extra tiny and the toilet is practically pushed up against the wall, so if you are tall then you will have problems. The bathroom was the only thing that bothered us and the only thing that might prohibit us from staying here again. Another plus was that the hotel is close to everything- right near Central Park, 5th Avenue, walking distance to Times Square, etc. One more thing that we appreciated is the Hudson Hotel is near a great hospital (probably about a block from it). I had to make an unfortunate hospital visit while there and it was really helpful it was so close. Overall I would recommend this hotel if you are going to NYC by yourself or with your significant other. It's not a family type atmosphere in my opinion.	
Jul 23 2009 	Very cool place great location great staff - highly recommend	I was terrified about this hotel after reading the reviews here and I would have cancelled if I could have but I couldn't - and I am SO GLAD I didn't. Wow! We had a wonderful experience.We were greeted warmly and promptly by staff and given an upgrade (woohoo!) to a room with two beds. The room was spacious, clean and had a great view - including the park. The bathroom was also very large and clean. We could have spent a lot of time in the hotel, but, we didn't, since we had plans at a local restaurant and bar and we also took a walk through central park which is VERY close.The location was fantastic - I can't believe people complain about this hotel!The hotel bar area/ restaurant/ lobby was very swanky. It is really a beautiful hotel. I lived in Manhattan for 13 years so I haven't spent a lot of times in hotel there but would stay here again. Since I am a New Yorker I can also tell you that this neighborhood is a terrific location for everything Manhattan. I know people complain about the room size so I would recommend going for the larger room is possible.My only very small complaint is that the hallway sare dark and windy and possibly a bit scary if alone. But, still I would take this in exchange for this fantastic hotel, fabulous location and great staff!	
Jul 21 2009 	Small miniscule rooms....	I booked the Hudson due to a market show we were attending for business. Special rate of $149 seemed very reasonable offered through the show. I believe the saying, &quot;You get what you pay for,&quot; applies here.The positive - staff were very helpful. The interior architecture and design for the restaurants and reception area are very interesting (albeit dark) and the outdoor dining spaces are lovely.The negative - Rooms took small to a whole new level. This was the smallest, and most oddly designed room, we've ever stayed in - including all our travels in the US and Europe. Total square footage is 160 sq. feet for their standard rooms - same size as those teeny-tiny rooms on most cruise ships - however lacking all the cruise ship's clever storage areas. The bathroom was so small, all 5'3&quot; of me could hardly move - and I'm described as petite! My poor 6'0&quot; husband just laughed when he saw it. The miniscule tub had very poor drainage and the shower flow was poor. Things didn't look to me to be as clean as I would have liked it.I was told the hotel had been a dorm or women's hostel at some point prior to being converted to The Hudson. The rooms still have that feel although they've added funky lighting.Our joint advice - save your money to dine here and stay elsewhere - unless of course you prefer small, closed spaces.	
Jul 16 2009 	Not bad but don't bother	Every single person I told I was staying here said &quot;The rooms are so small!&quot;. It's true but not such an issue to me, especially when I moved from the smoking room (bleeuurgh) and the only availability they had left on the first night, to a better corner room on a floor above. Clean and cool.The real problems are the prices and the service.Room was cheap at about $150 per night. But arrived very late and ordered room service, the cheapest bottle of wine was $55. Had an extremely average crab cake and a not bad macaroni cheese for a total of $100. Breakfast is $27 buffet for badly cooked eggs and croissants with lttle relation to their French relatives. Horribly weak coffee I replaced with two off menu stronger cappucinos which turned out to be $8 each, ba-da-bing and you have a $50 breakfast. I refrained from breakfasting there again.But it was the service which was bad. Ages to check in on an understaffed reception. First morning I wanted to ask where the breakfast room was and two people behind the counter continued their conversation without acknowledging me, I waited until I finally had waited so long I tried to interrupt whereupon the lady held up a finger to me and said &quot;One minute ma'am&quot;, very rudely. And one evening when I tried calling down to ask for a wake-up call the phone was literally never answered, three times.It's also a little too much of a scene for me, and I like a scene. Went to the bar with a book on Sunday evening, opened it to a cacophany of music and DJ noise, closed it gently and quietly crept away. That said the roof terrace is lovely so I went there instead and consumed an $18 glass of chardonnay.And I have to say, hotels still charging for wi-fi is blummin cheeky these days and as someone who travels a lot, it's one of my basic standards of a hotel and a good indicator of whether they want to be known for putting customers first. Not here.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Stay great Location Small but comfortable rooms!	I was saved by this hotel during my last trip. The last night of my stay, I decided Im too old for my friend couch and a friend and I checked into the hotel by getting a room through Expedia for $160 plus taxes was $200 or so. We booked a standard room, but one the front desk heard about our ordeal, they upgraded us to a queen deluxe? One step above their standard. It was a corner room which was fun. It has a modern design, with cool escaltors, nice lobby with high cielings and greenery. The staff we encountered were very nice and helpful, specially the bell desk and doorman. The room: Yes its tiny tiny tiny but it was perfect for two people. I am told the standard room has a closet half the size of the one we stayed in. The bed pretty much takes up the room, two nice windows, clean and nice bathroom with deep tub. We had a wall with a curatain seperating the room fromt he bathroom. Heard thats not the same in a standard. The Bed- Not too comfortable, but better then a couch. We also had a great time partying it up at the bar/lounge/club that was going on , it was a Saturday. its not that big of a place, huge line and Ive heard its pretty popular to go into. As guests we had two passes, and can bring our friends in ( although at the door they limited the number we could bring). Drinks are expensive!!!! I say preparty in your room or anywhere else, then come here to dance. Great DJ! I would recommend for someone to stay here, only if you are two people. The location near central park, Columbus circle and the subway is also great!	
Jul 15 2009 	loved it loved it loved it	after reading on here how small rooms were, i was worried, but we were on the 5th room and i was pleasently suprised by our room. granted it wasnt big but big enough for what you need it for, it was tidy and decor was really cool and different, the sky terrace is a must see views are amazing. I loved this hotel for every different reason, staff are friendly its in a good location, have subway at end of street, rooms lovely and its a nice atmosphere, on a night time the bar really picks up but you dont hear any kind of noise, well we didnt anyway. I would definately stay here again, i loved it! only one peeve i had was having to wait so long to check in. but that was because we obviously came early, we were tired and just wanted to get in room and chill but had to wait, but this wasnt anything to do with hotel, they made sure room was done quickly as they could see we were waiting for it.	
Jul 14 2009 	Wonderful Stay...Thank you David Mc....	We had a wonderful experience at the Hudson Hotel. My husband has a medical problem and the hotel staff went way beyond the call of duty to accomodate and make our stay very pleasant and comfortable. The staff was courteous, prompt and efficient.David Mc, in the executive office, followed up to make sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed. We were treated like royalty. We highly recommend the hotel for location and ambience. The views from the incredible roof garden are spectacular! This was a 5 star experience !!!	
Jul 14 2009 	Very Cool Hotel 	I would definitely stay here again when I go to New York. Of coutrse the location was great and the hotel was very cool! The rooftop was amazing and the decor was trendy. Everyone who worked at the hotel was a delight especially the doormen and the people at the front desk.	
Jul 13 2009 	Funky hotel with great NYC atmosphere	We stayed at the Hudson in NYC for 5 nights - we found it very funky, very fun with a youthful and high energy.The rooms are positively tiny, though this is fine - how much time do you really spend it your room in New York? The see through bathroom's are a bit to get used to, but hey, there's a shower curtain which can block the view. Overall, a great hotel - very happy.	
Jul 12 2009 	Location location location!	I recently got back from a two-night stay at the Hudson with my boyfriend. Having read many of the past reviews, we knew to expect a very small room and interesting decor. Pros: location cannot be beat! We brought our bikes with us and had a great time cycling around Central Park which is juts a few minutes away and also took them to tour the rest of Manhattan, which is greatly equipped with dedicated bike paths. We had no problems storing them with the bellboys and always had them returned to us promptly. As for parking, we parked for free for the whole weekend on one of the many side streets nearby. It's really worth the extra time searching for these parking spots. Service was great everyone is friendly and resourceful.Cons: We had our room on the 6th floor and unfortunately the windows are not insulated at all and let all sounds in. Therefore we heard everything from the courtyard party as if they were all in the room with us up until they shut it down at midnight. We had breakfast at the hotel on the terrase our first morning, and as enjoyable as it was, it was certainly not worth the 27USD pricetag for a buffet! We instead had breakfast in a small cafe rght on the outside of the Central Park the next day for a fraction of the cost.Overall we had a pleasant experience at the hotel, which was even sweeter as we scored a 105USD dea lon priceline a night, so no complaints there!	
Jul 12 2009 	A great hotel but for a couple of indiscretions.	Everything about the place is lovely...however our only real grievances are related to two incidents. Firstly it was my girlfriend's 30th so I arranged for flowers to be delivered to the room, (even emailing weeks in advance, no reply) a fairly easy task, not so I had to go to reception and ask for their whereabouts so the surprise was then spoilt, and I was made to be grateful that they'd arrived at all!Secondly on check out we were presented with bar bill receipts that were clearly not correct, this was disputed and and after promises of correct payment put back on the credit card we were made to chase for the money two months later.	
Jul 11 2009 	Functional nice location decent value	Stayed at the hotel for two nights recently, here is my honest review:Background: Traveled to New York for business and booked through Hotwire for approx $125 per night. Needed a place close to Times Square, clean, and for a decent price.Hotel:The previous reviews were correct in that the rooms are very small. May be the norm for most hotels in NYC since space is so valuable. The size of bedroom itself is not of issue (at least for a solo traveler) - however, the bathrooms are laughably small.Decor in the hotel is definitely contemporary/chic/etc. Lobby very nice. Hallways and hotel are somewhat dark in nature, but it seems like it's the way it was intended. There were creepy looking lamps on the bedside tables in my room, which were part of the contemporary theme, but I turned them to face the wall and tried to ignore.I did not try any of the restaurants as I heard they were quite expensive and personally I felt like getting out and experiencing other things. I did attempt to get a drink at the Sky Terrace (15th floor) after my meetings one day, however, upon entering the terrace I was told it was going to be closing at 5pm for a private party. This was on a Thursday night! Not too happy with this, I could understand closing off part of it, but the whole thing? I was actually looking forward to sitting on the terrace and relaxing. Not a great business practice.Location is decent, right near central park yet not too far from Times Square. I walked into Times Square for my meetings each day and it was a pleasant 20 minute walk.Staff I found to be very pleasant. I called early when I landed at JFK (8:00am) and they were able to let me check-in first thing before my meetings. Very accommodating and friendly. I asked concierge several questions about subway travel, etc and very helpful. All-in-all, I probably wouldn't voluntarily choose this hotel again, however for the right price could overlook the oddities (I was only in the room to sleep). Families might have a tough time staying here with the lack of extra space, but singles or couple will probably enjoy the atmosphere and ambiance, if you like that contemporary type of thing.	
Jul 9 2009 	Very Chic	This was a great hotel, No problems what so ever. One of the better hotels we have ever been to. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA++++++++++++++++++++ I could go on but why. Great location.	
Jul 8 2009 	Hated It!	Without a doubt one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. We had over 60 people there for a conference and not one person liked the hotel. It used to be a college dorm, enough said! Dark halls, beds practically on the floor, couldn't sit straight on the toilet without your knees hitting the wall. Everyone still laughs and talks about what a horrible experience the Hudson was.	
Jul 7 2009 	Dirty room with broken air conditioning after I paid extra to upgrade	I booked this hotel through Hotwire which was listed $135 one day and it sounded like a good value at the beginning. This hotel has great location and it was only few blocks away from Central Park. When I check in with a buddy of mine, they gave me a 'standard' room which only have enough room for one mattress and no room to sit and no closet for luggage. The shower and toilet is part of room and they are divided from rest of the room with a see through curtain. I came from Hong Kong and I thought I have seen small room before, but this room is by far the smallest hotel room I have seen so far. I guess this setting would work if you are with your lover but it just did not work for us. I asked front desk for a bigger room and they told me it would be an upgrade which at the moment I had no problem to pay extra for a bigger room. After I paid extra $150 a day for upgrade, they put me in a bigger room with two beds. This time we actually have separate bathroom and a closet to put away luggage and cloths. After I checked in to my 'upgrade' room and stayed there for one night, I found following problems:1) air conditioner did not work, the room temperature was at 83 for all night.2) The paint is falling from the bathroom ball3) The shower tube is dirty with human body hair. When I complain to the front desk the next morning when I check out, all I got is 'I am sorry'. I don't recommend this hotel to anyone. I am so glad I was only there for short period of time.	
Jul 7 2009 	We were happy	As mentioned by others, the rooms are small but we were happy with the location and price of the room. The Hotel is very near Central Park and the subway. Overall a satisfying stay. The resteraunt is pricy but it is NY and there are other options close.	
Jul 7 2009 	Get over the small rooms - this is one great place to stay!	The Hudson Hotel represents everything that is great about New York. It's proximity to Central Park, theaters, shopping and it's very upscale, chic look is a treat for the senses. It's clean, beautiful and the staff is great. I was impressed with the quality of the food from room service. It was raining so I didn't get to enjoy the outdoor amenities, but I will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 7 2009 	Very Cool	Great location: 2 mins walk from Central Park, 10 min walk to mid-5th Ave, 20 min walk to Times Square, and a 20 min subway ride to downtown (Little Italy, Brooklyn Bridge &amp; China Town etc). However, there are very few nice restaurants close by so look into it before you go and you won't end up wandering all evening! We recommend Walinsky's Steak House and Gordon Ramsay's for fantastic food (without the Chelsea price tag). BUT of course there are thousands of brunch places 30 seconds away, and a pizza place on the corner open all night (good for post-cocktail evenings!).We didn't eat in the restaurant (too many other cool places to try), but they have two very cool bars in the hotel, although pricey - about $20 for a short cocktail. The Library bar has a large mahogany pool table, and it is quieter than the other bar, and open in the afternoons.The staff were of course beautiful and fairly attentive, dressed in short skirts and low cut tops, and muscle-fit tight t-shirts (this is New York!) but watch for the looks - it's such a cool place it's bound to be pretentious. The only exception to that was the concierge Kyle who was absolutely brilliant and helped us out with fantastic seats at MSG for the Basketball (a must - complete with a corn dog and a Bud Light!), recommendations for a fabulous breakfast (Sarah Beth's overlooking the Park), and booking restaurants and a recommended Jazz Club (Van Guard in Greenwich Village) one evening. Rooms were tiny - we managed to get an upgrade and it was still a shoe box - but that's what you get in NYC. Other than that, the rooms were clean and had everything you would need (though watch out, you pay $7-$14 for water in your rooms, something we're not that used to in the UK). But don't expect a room with a view! Very &quot;sultry&quot; lighting all the way through the hotel - including bars, rooms, reception, lifts and corridors.Usually we like the old hotels with understated sophistication but since we were in New York, we went for the Hudson for a taste of the ultra cool and modern... It paid off, we loved it and felt like (maybe C-List) celebs!!	
Jul 7 2009 	Does a small room matter ?	Rooms are woefully small. Even the door to the room was mini-sized. But once inside the room it was chic and neat and noteworthy for its style.Public areas were impressive - great lobby, funky bar, cool library. Wasnt so sold on the restaurant - it seemed underwhelming in comparison to the rest of the place.But a fabulous sky bar !I checked in late and had to shout to be heard at Reception because the music was so loud. But my street cred was higher than the Empire State - I felt like I'd arrived somewhere !If size and comfort of the bedroom was to determine my next place to stay I'd not return. But to be somewhere were I felt 10 years younger and good about myself every time I walked in this is a good option !	
Jul 6 2009 	Ok if you are on a budget	We stayed here for 3 nights in May, and had three different rooms. We booked through expedia and felt we were given the worst room as a result (due to the cheap price). The first room was dirty, the second had no safe, the third was fine. To be fair, the staff couldn't have been more helpful.I would stay here again, but the website makes it look better than it is. However, having been to NYC a few times, this was good value for money. If you are on a medium budget and are looking for a reasonable place to sleep, you can't go wrong with this - but the PODis better!	
Jul 6 2009 	Better then expected and excellent service!	We'll I'd first like to say that I had read a lot of other posts on tripadvisor of guests who had horrible experiences, but I was pleasantly surprised that my stay was different. I got my hotel on priceline for $115/night, which I think was a great deal, especially for the location! The service was amazing, every hotel person was extremly nice and the front desk man, Jerry, was able to upgrade us to a nicer room because we were celebrating our engagement. The rooms were definitely small, but really... not that bad at all... in fact, I thought i was going to be clausterphobic (and my fiance is 6'3), but it was really nice! The upgraded deluxe room had a small closet/mirror area for our bags and such, so that was really convenient. The bed was alright... the mattress wasnt the best, but it was very clean and housekeeping was done everyday:) We were on the 23rd floor, which I really reccomend because it was very quiet. Overall, I had a great experience, and was really impressed by the helpful staff and the nice hotel room! I probably wouldnt pay more then $180/night though.	
Jul 6 2009 	Very small rooms in a decent location	Generally good hotel, but the size of the rooms is absurd. THe bathroom was so tiny, even a small person under 5 feet could not sit on the toilet without having your knees hit the wall. A large person would be better off going down to the lobby and using the toilets there. Location is ok, near Columbus Circle, but most tourists prefer to be closer to Times Square, but probably twice the price. THe staff were very friendly all over. THe restaurant prices were insane: $8 for a glass of orange juice, $14 for two scrambled eggs, etc. Other hotels are probably the same though. THe room is so small you could not walk in it at all. THe bed takes up almost the entire area. No real room for luggage, small desk too. Lots of places to eat cheaper not far away, 24 hour diners and a CVS drugstore, a few supermarkets, etc. Subway is 2 minute walk away. My room was very clean and quiet, and everything worked fine. The ambiance is one of these hip stark modern places. the Lobby is very dark. I'm talking really dark, you couldn't see in front of you. It's kind of stupid but i guess that's their plan. There are a few bars that are very popular and crowded at night. Lots of very loud music played in all the public areas, again, kind of dumb, but i guess it appeals to some. It was mostly young people staying at the hotel. There is a terrace on the 15th floor with some views of notthing too great. FOr the price, i think it was reasonable but the small size of the room and bathroom is a real concern.	
Jul 5 2009 	Trendy clean hotel with tiny rooms	I recommend getting an upgrade if you can. The normal rooms are very small, even compared to the others I stayed at in New York. Very clean, new, swanky feel to the rooms and hotel. Lots of night life going on within the hotel in the Lobby, the bars, restaurant, etc. They may even have a dance club of sorts. Easy to get to and near Columbus Circle, a nice little area to check out.	
Jul 4 2009 	The Kartell Hotel	Sleek, yellow glowing acrylic everywhere. Cheap rates brought motley crew of tourists. Tiny room is cozy, just big enough for the queen-sized bed. no mini bar. Good location. Great outdoor lounge bar.	
Jul 3 2009	Beautiful	My daughter and I stayed here primarily for museum visits. Very impressed with the trendy decor, friendly service and great drinks. Room service coffee in the morning was some of the best coffee I have ever had. The rooms are small, but well designed with comfortable beds. Loved the design of the bathroom. Hotel was centrally located, the next time we visit ,we will be staying here.	
Jul 2 2009 	Great location!	This hotel was a great find! It is located in a fantastic spot and was great for the rate. We arrived at about 11:00 pm and the airport driver didn't even know if we were in the right place because there are no signs. We didn't know if we were in the right place because of all the people going to the dance club. We checked in and Sarah at the front desk said she was going to upgrade us to a bigger room to give us some more space. We set our things down in the room and explored the area. There is a CVS and a grocery store right down the street to pick up any essentials and an awesome 24 hour bakery 1 building down called Europan that we went to about 10 times in 4 days. When we came back, a hotel employee asked us for our room keys to make sure we were guests before we got on the elevator (which was an awesome thing). The hotel is a 2 minute walk from the Columbus Circle Subway station and about a 4 minute walk from Central Park. We could get to the southern most point of Manhattan in about 20 minutes! The room was exceptionally clean and we had room to put our suitcases in the large, walk in closet. The bathroom was a standard bathroom, nothing special except the design of the sink was cool! The bed was very low to the ground and the pillows a bit tiny but it was comfortable. The TV control didn't work great but it wasn't a big deal. Our room was always spotless when we got back. The only thing I would caution is that it is a very lively crowd at the bar. The music was going until late. It wasn't bad but we were on the 4th floor and had to get up early to go to the Statue of Liberty. I fell right asleep though. The Sky Terrace is beautiful and we wished we could have spent more time up there. We wanted to order a pitcher of Sangria but just ran out of time. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel. The rate was reason enough for a hotel centrally located in Manhattan and the location made it awesome! We could get anywhere we wanted to go. A great deal!	
Jul 2 2009 	Party hotel not for sleep in	We spent Saturday and Sunday night on the 12 Th floor. There was a band playing so loud, it was impossible to sleep before midnight on Saturday night. Anyway, the hotel has no acoustic isolation. You hear everything from the street.Beautiful lounge, very small rooms with air conditioning extremely noisy.Never again !	
Jul 1 2009 	Not family friendly and not comfortable.	Let's start with the good points. The staff was fairly friendly. The look of the hotel is very cool. The sky terrace is very pleasant and a great place to unwind or have a drink in the evening. The location is excellent - a short walk to Columbus Circle and the subway, and there are taxis aplenty. The bad. This hotel is extremely loud on the weekends because of the bar and hosting of private parties. The hotel staff was less than honest with us about when the music would end, though they did give us ear plugs. The rooms were very small. Granted, you don't need alot of space for a bed, but we had trouble finding somewhere to put our suitcases. The bathrooms also were very, very small. I was several months pregnant and was frustrated that the tub did not have a ledge to sit on and there were no bars to hold on to in the shower. If you have a disability, consider those points or ask for a handicap accessible room. The bed also is very low to the ground. The hallway smelled like mildew. The room was less than clean. Some days housekeeping gave us new shampoos/conditioners and some days they didn't. You have to pay for internet access.All in all, if you have kids, like to sleep, or have any type of disability, consider staying elsewhere.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great position  small room .	Stayed here for four days - great position near Central Park . I'll simplify this into + &amp; - .+ Good position for all sights , Rockefeller Centre , Empire State , 5th Avenue , Broadway , Times Square , Central Park , Bloomindales - Macys too far to walk . Booked a bus trip before we went - brilliant , see a lot , saves walking, and you can get off anywhere you want and sightsee - make your own way back . . Booked Statue of Liberty before also - need a full day for this - more security than the airport - what a joke ! Try 8th Avenue tons of cheap places to eat ~ £35 for 2 with wine ( I've put £'s in as it was 2 to 1 when we went ).I'd book this place again as it was within walking distance of all the sights and a good standard of hotel - good disco - need a few quid though .Safe at night to walk round , I'd say London is more dangerous .You've got to visit Abercrombie and Fitch on 5th Avenue, had to queue to get in ! - four floors of disco music , have to shout to ask where stuff is - brilliant clothes and cheap .Breakfast - little cafe on the corner £7 for two of you - mix with the locals - it's great!- Need to book for at least four days as you will spend the first day getting there , some people went for two days and consequently only had one full day and night and were going home on the third day .When you get to the airport don't bother with the phones for your shuttle - they all speak some weird combination of spanish/american , couldn't understand a word- go to the desk - they will sort you out . Hotel is expensive £7 for a glass of wine , I went down to the corner shop and got a six pack of Bud (£4) to drink in the room -what a cheapskate , I'll say it for you !Smallest hotel room I've ever stopped in but had everything in it .Don't take coats - waste of time - just tops and jeans .	
Jun 29 2009 	Dont go there	On the negative side: The worst business centre in my 15 years as a business traveller.On the negative side: Long lines for check in and check outOn the negative side: AC not working for two days in a rowOn the negative side: Remote control not workingOn the negative side: Keys not workingOn the negative side: PricesOn the negative side: NoiseOn the negative side: No mini barOn the positive side: Staff - friendly but unable to solve problems	
Jun 28 2009 	Trendy...but no room!!	We stayed at the Hudson for 5 days as last step pf our honeymoon in the States. I'll try to describe our opinion in a few words... The hotel is very interesting from an artistic point of view.It's very stylish, the furniture well studied and placed, peculiar lights ( which hardly show you your way, believe me!). The reception is beautiful and so is the concierge desk.The bar inside is also beautiful, with Kartell furniture, a glass floor and it is always crowded with people, mostly well in their thirties, well dressed and very early in the evening,when they just come back from work. The hotel is very popular among stylish and young people as a restaurant and for its terrace outside... We wanted to enoy the newyorker atmosphere so we did not mind the loud music in the afternoon till night.we had dinner at th erestaurant, which struck us for being so DARK... I just tell you that I had to ask for three candles ( one by one...at last I must have sounded quite annoyed for that), because I could barely see what I ordered! The food was good, but we just tasted it, never seen it and in addition to that wine bottles were extremely expensive ( almost everywhere in New York ) and the menù choice was very poor...so I would not recommend the restaurant personally.Let's come back to our check in. We arrived quite late and tired, about 21.30..and surprise..we were left at the reception where we had a seat waiting for our room. This all took more than 40 minutes, how come? we booked our room and it was late in the evening, why shouldn't it be ready??? At the very first sight the room caught our eyes because it is very &quot;minimal&quot; and &quot;well designed&quot;...but we suddenly found out how small it was.Extremely small! The room is actually just a bit wider than the bed itself ( not a proper double bed), plus a mini closet ( filled with the safe and a hi-fi), a desk and the again extremely small bathroom. I must say everything was clean, but no space for our luggage at all!We had to put it over the bed during the day to walk around the room ( hitting continuosly the tv, the desk, and my husband ..). The bathroom was also trendy, I liked the shower which was separated by the bedroom from a transparent window with a stylish curtain.The position of the hotel is very good, well served by public means and surrounded by restaurants, fast food, internet cafè and drugstores. The staff was quite ok, especially the guys/girls employed at the concierge desk.I don't know what my review might suggest you, but I would recommend thi shotel just for young couples and people, to people not looking for much relax ( it's loud ) and expecially to those who appreciate interior design. I don't think it's place for families or older couples at all! It's trendy, it's fashionable, it's cool...but in one word it's not comfortable to stay intheir rooms!	
Jun 26 2009 	Stay here at your peril	The Hudson was to be the last stay on a whistle stop tour of America for our Honeymoon. We had previously visited New York two years ago so were coming here to chill out and relax, do a bit of shopping before coming home.We arrived at the Hudson late (11.45pm-ish) after a delay from San Francisco). We were greeted by a mute doorman who offered no help or assistance. Considering we had two huge suitcases, hand luggage and coats to drag up an escalator, lit up by neon green/yellow lights!!We were tired and just wanted our room. We queued for ages in the dark, depressing foyer with the sound of thumping music ringing in our ears. Unbeknown to us, the bar adjacent to the lobby and situated above the escalator was a nightclub on a weekend.Oh joy, arrive at hotel looking less than glamourous, tired and confronted with scantily clad young socialites boogying around me - not impressed. Can barely hear the receptionist but do hear that they have upgraded us as we are on our honeymoon. She asks us to let her know if it is noisy and they will try and move us tomorrow. We assume they are talking about the banging sound from behind us.How wrong were we......After cramming in the lift, which also played music - how wonderful!! (NOT) we arrived at our room - or should I say cupboard. There was hardly room to swing a cat. This is the smallest room I have ever seen. It basically is a bed in a room. Room doesn't describe it as there is no room. The floorboards were coming up from the floor. The only cupboard had a draw which was locked a speaker in it, which was fallen off and a safe that could be completely lifted out!! No room for clothes. The bathroom was disgusting, dirty and tiny. My 6ft 1 husband could barely go to the toilet.We were also confronted with the most awful noise. We assumed it was the air con unit - it was not. After turning it off we discovered we were positioned over 2 extractor fans outside, which not even the air-con could drown out. This was the noise they referred to and there was no clear indication before we came up here that this is what we would be presented with.The whole room was depressing, in fact the whole hotel was. Apart from two very helpful staff members, the rest were simple, rude and unhelpful. One even offered us earplugs for the noise!We asked to check out and was told that we could but they wouldn't be able to refund us as we had prepaid through a travel agent. We had no option but to stay. We couldn't afford to upsticks and move.We were moved the next night to a further upgraded room. Room in same condition, slightly bigger than a postage stamp this time but added bonus of door almost falling off its hinges. Neighbours who slam door on the hour, every hour and drilling in the morning.To top it all off, unable to have a bath as plug doesn't work. Not that I wanted to really, because it was filthy.After a further discussion with the manager, we were moved again for our final night to a Junior Suite. This room is the same size as a standard sized room in the previous 5 hotels we had stayed in. One of them was a Best Western and a 2/3 Star. This hotel apparently is a 4 star - In my opinion it does not even rate higher than a 1 star.This is by far the worst hotel I have ever set foot in.Unless you are 21 and with a group of mates whose main aim is to go clubbing and you don't care where you sleep - DO NOT STAY HERE. You will regret it.These 4 nights completely ruined the remainder of our honeymoon.	
Jun 25 2009 	This place is a wonderland!	My boyfriend and I spent a night at The Hudson, and we were wowed by the entire place. As soon as you enter the hotel, you feel like you are entering a dream! The atmosphere is a lucid dream! The accomodations were superb... the food and drinks were fabulous... and the staff was friendly and helpful! So much to do in just one place. Rooftop trendy bars to Cozy Library Lounges! Just Awesome!	
Jun 25 2009 	A nice place to stay	We stayed four nights at the Hudson and had a great time. The hotel is in a great location, yes the rooms are small but we were in NY to see the sights not spend great amount of time looking at the room. The only problem we had was that the bath kept backing up and what looked like soot made the bath look black. At first i thought it was me cause i had a long plane trip but the second time i knew i wasn't that dirty :) Overall nothing to complain about.	
Jun 24 2009 	HORRIBLE HOTEL EXPERIENCE	One of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. We arrived on a late flight, exhausted we took a cab to the hotel. Once there, there is no signage, just yellow escalators going up. The doormen did not even bother to help us with our bags, instead just stood there. We dragged our stuff up to the lobby/ bar area (which is huge and extremely dimly lit, as if your inside a club with music thumping everywhere you go) We stood in a long line (at midnight) and once we got to the desk, we find out the computers are down. We had to wait another half hour to get a room. Nothing was offered to compensate our waiting. Once we finally got a room, it turned out to be the tiniest room ever. (this was the superior room not the standard room- which made me wonder how small would the standard room be??) Our AC didnt work, and we had to call for maintenance at two in the morning. (it broke down 2x after that) There was no fridge or ice bucket either. Basically a room with a bed. We tried to get out of the hotel but unfortunately could not because we booked online via a hotel website. The wake up calls we requested every night never rang on time, our last night there we almost missed our flight because we NEVER even got a wake up call !! I am a former new yorker now on the west coast traveling back often. There is nothing special about this hotel. It appears to be trendy but is overrated. There are definitely better hotels in new york if your looking for a trendy hotel. The bar is overpriced and most of the clientele are uptight suits or Europeans. The location is near a subway station, but being on 9th avenue it is not so convenient if you plan on doing tourist things. You are on the outskirts of Hells Kitchen. I also noticed certain things in the hotel seemed very old and dirty, such as the lobby bathroom and the hallways. The staff did not appear friendly, only offering you help if you asked for it, instead of being naturally helpful. The rooftop waitress was slow and snotty. This was definitely one of the worst hotel stays I have ever had. I do not recommend this hotel for anything. The worst part of the hotel was definitely the small room.	
Jun 24 2009 	Trendy Hotel with Small Rooms	It was difficult to find the hotel entrance, as it is not marked. The whole experience reminded me of a modern speakeasy. Just a door with a number, but once inside, an escalator takes you up to the second floor where you can check in. They have a great courtyard for cocktails (pricey tho'). The concierge was extremely helpful, and the decor was pretty amazing. My only real complaint was that the rooms were extremely small. Great for one person, but for two it was a tight fit with barely enough room to walk around. Also, no desk to work on was a detriment.Overall tho', for the price and location, it was a very good deal. In fact, the subway is a block away and central park is two blocks away.	
Jun 23 2009 	fine...trendy lobby if you are into that	It was fine. The bit about the small rooms is over the top on here. They are small but it is fine. If you are traveling on a long trip with two large suitcases, it might be different but for a weekend ti was fine. We booked through bid on priceline and were happy with the price. It was convenient to the subway and had some eating options nearby. Central Park and others convenient but that is obvious. I don't think staying up here has the charm of other neighborhods though. Pay for internet isn't great and tv was not great. Windows opened and that was nice. Bathroom was small but who cares. Shower and go out, that's why you came to new York.	
Jun 23 2009 	will never stay here again	ooo... first - after I booked I was told by many &quot;good luck&quot;. I chose to ignore that...HUGE mistake. room - ridic small even after an &quot;upgrade&quot; for more $$. no drawers, no real closet space, no place to out anything - so you trip all over it. cabins on ships are small - but better appointed so they stay comfortable. I dont expect lap of luxury - but i dont stay at a hotel to be less comfortable then my own bedroom!my keys never worked, the movies didnt work, the room service was a bit overly priced even for new york, and no mini bar. Oh - and I am a small 5&quot;5 female - and my knees hit the wall when I pee and the only way I can shave in the shower is to leave the shower curtain open and get the whole bathroom wet!Like I say - I have seen better heads on a small boat!There is NO WAY I will ever stay here again. EVER.And I will re-consider staying at Morgan hotels period... I want style and comfort and service do not believe any are mutually exclusive.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great Mother/Daughter Getaway!	Over this past spring break, my teenage daughter and I stayed at the Hudson for two nights. From pulling up to the hotel from the moment we left it was a magical time! The staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful, the food in the Hudson Cafeteria was awesome, the atmosphere was etherial, the room was so cozy and cool and we were so close the the subway and all of the stores that we wanted to shop in!The amenities were fantastic! We plan on returning once a year for an annual shopping and relaxing time together. My daughter said,&quot; It was the best time ever!&quot;	
Jun 19 2009 	Stylish hip hotel beautifully designed public spaces and very helpful friendly staff	I stayed in the Hudson hotel after checking out early from the quite appalling 'On the Ave' hotel on a weekend visit to New York with my partner.After enquiring at the front desk, we were told that there were rooms available, but that they couldn't match the discounted rates we had seen on their website, though handily pointed out there was an internet cafe around the corner from the hotel if we wanted to book online.We had intended to book a 'Loft Room' but as non were available booked into a 'Double Double'. The room was lined with dark wood paneling and came with modern furniture, desk, chairs, flat screen TV, HiFi music system and an iPod dock. The room seemed freshly decorated and was incredibly clean, the beds were very comfortable and the bed linen of very high quality.The public areas of the hotel were all well designed and had a modern urban look. Although it has been open for some time now, the design has not dated and is well maintained. After a days shopping or sightseeing it was a genuine pleasure to return to this hotel, every single member of staff I had contact with was genuinely friendly and seemed concerned with ensuring guests had a good stay. At peak times there was quite a long line at the front desk, but a cheerful member of staff managed this, speaking to those waiting and ensuring everyone was kept well informed and that no one cut in. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. After having such a poor time at my first hotel (On the Ave) the Hudson hotel and its staff turned around my weekend and made it one to remember for all the right reasons and not all the wrong ones like 'On the Ave'.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Hotel	My mom and I just returned from spending 4 nights at The Hudson. And yes the rooms are very small (but you are warned), and there are curtains that separate the shower from the room, (if you pull both curtains it is plenty private), the bathroom is tiny, tiny, tiny, but the bed was so comfy, besides we didn't go to NYC to stay in our room. The staff was very helpful and friendly, and didn't make us feel out of place by being older (the staff is gorgeous). Two days before our trip was over my mom fell and fractured her foot (not at the hotel) which meant she had to leave early, the front desk notified the security office who brought a wheelchair to our room and rolled her out to a taxi. The also brought a refrig. to our room so that my mom could keep her medicine cold. They went out of their way to make our trip memorable. Right down the road is a subway stop which made it very easy to get all around the city. I would surely recommend this hotel to anyone. Go to The Hudson and don't worry about anything but enjoying your trip.	
Jun 18 2009 	Pretentious	Studio had sufficient hanging space but no drawer space at all. Furniture is tired and shabby. Bed and linen fine but room only cleaned once in the week after a request. One day no hand towels provide but arrived after a phone request which is more than can be said for a light bulb which I asked to be replaced on Thursday and again Sunday - then gave up. The whole place is dark so the light bulb would have been helpful. Only one electric socket worked and no sound on most of the TV channels. Handy for subway without having to change.Disappointing for the cost and only would be enjoyed by those who hadn't stayed in a good hotel before!	
Jun 18 2009 	Horribly odd experience	We arrived at the Hudson excited for our New York adventure to begin. We checked in without any problems, and the staff were relatively polite. We got on the elevators which seem abnormally small only to get to our hallway which was dark, dirty and a little scary. The carpets seemed old and there was a weird stench in the hallways. It was a scene straight out of a cheap horror film - I was waiting for someone to jump out and start chasing us (that feeling never went away). We got to our room and opened the door only to find that it was TINY. The entry &quot;hall&quot; was not even the width of our luggage and we had to move them in sideways to get them in the door. The bed was extremely low to the ground, close to the walls on both sides, and not particularly comfortable. There was one small table in the room that we had to move to the closet to be able to accomodate our stuff. The bed faced the bathroom, which enabled you to literally see (thanks to a glass wall) the other person in the shower and in the bathroom itself. The bathroom was so small I could almost turn on the water in the shower, use the toilet, and brush my teeth simultaneously (not even an exaggeration). My husband and I could not fit in the bathroom at the same time. My husband, who is 6'2, had to use the toilet sitting sideways because his knees would hit the wall in front of him - it accomodated me but I'm only 5'2. It was SUPER loud and noisy at night and we had trouble getting to sleep at night. I guess it's a big party place sooooo the party happened just as we were retiring for the night from our long day out. Air conditioner sounded like a swamp cooler in that small room. The positives were that it was conveniently located and had easy access to the subway. Staff was accomodating when our flight was delayed and held our room/reservation. I'm sure this is just a hip new atmosphere I'm not familiar with, but I'd never stay there again.	
Jun 18 2009 	Romantic Weekend ...........	Celebrating a milestone wedding anniversary weekend at the Hudson was an extraordinary experience. From the moment we came up the awesome escalator to the reception/ lobby with its endless ceiling covered in Ivy the welcoming staff made certain our stay would be as special as the hotel itself. Our room was cozy and had all the amenities one needs for a comfortable stay. Hudson's location is a plus too, since you are steps away from Central Park, Columbus Circle, and close to the Broadway theater district and surrounded by great shopping. Although we live in NY, we will return to the Hudson for that special getaway.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great atmosphere location and service	The Hudson is one of my favorite places to stay. A terrific value as it is right on Columbus Circle, close to Central Park. The atmosphere is fun and hip, with a diverse mix of european and american vacationers, as well as business people. The nightclub is always going strong, the outdoor terrace is cozy, and the Library bar is the perfect place to sit and talk. You can't go wrong being this close to Central Park.W.S. Langley	
Jun 17 2009 	Highly recommended	I visited the Hudson Hotel with my girlfriend at the beginning of June. The rooms are small, but extremely comfortable. With all the horror stories I've heard about dirty hotel rooms in NYC- the Hudson was such a relief, the room is incredibly clean and well maintained.The Hudson Bar was such an amazing place to hang out in the evening, it's a really upscale night club with great music, drinks, and the atmosphere is really unbeatable. The ambiance of the entire hotel is just one of a kind and you come to appreciate it really fast.The hotel is really trendy, and if even for a couple days- it really makes you feel like a celebrity or someone special.The breakfast was a little pricey, but well worth it- the food at this place is second to none.	
Jun 16 2009 	color ful	it waas colorful n bright hotel.we syayed in a standered double room,it was a good room,with city, courtyard,river view,double bed,wi-fi, flat tv,in room spa serviece,the bar was good with nice interior,cafereria ,library were really very gud.there was a private park with antique and modern garden furniture. i really liked the sky terraces Located on the 15th floor, it is the perfect combination of sweeping city and Hudson River views	
Jun 14 2009 	Maybe I just got relatively lucky	I stayed at the Hudson last weekend for 3 nights. Before I booked this hotel, I read about other people's experiences on Tripadvisor (good and bad), but I was staying there alone so the idea of being in a small room didn't concern me, especially as I knew that I wasn't planning to spend a lot of time in the room. Also, I got what I considered to be a relatively good rate, so I figured I'd give it a try.The lobby is impressive, and the girl who processed my check-in was efficient and very friendly. When I got to my room on the 12th floor, I was pleasantly surprised. (By the way, yes, the corridors are dimly lit but they're not so dark that you can't see where you're going - unless you have glaucoma, possibly.) In my room, there was plenty of floor-space around the decent-sized bed, and room for a desk and chair. There was also enough space to store my suitcase. The room was clean, and the bedding and towels were of good quality.There was a dock for my i-pod, which was a nice addition. The air-conditioning worked well - it was rather loud, but I found that I didn't need to keep it on overnight, so it didn't affect my ability to get to sleep. So, yes, the room was small but it didn't feel claustrophobic.The bathroom was much bigger than I'd been expecting - there was a bathtub/shower, and it was twice the size of the bathroom I'd had when I stayed at the Algonquin earlier this year. Also, the bathing products were lovely, although a shower cap would have been a useful addition.The bars in the hotel are busy and loud, and the action goes on until late. I didn't fancy the very loud and funky bar, although I would have liked to have had a drink in the Library Bar, but it was too busy and there wasn't room on the night when I looked in.The only negative event I can report was when I went to have a drink in the open-air courtyard bar. It's a good space, and a nice place to sit and enjoy a drink if the weather's good (in theory...) It took me 10 minutes to attract the attention of a waiter. I asked him if I could have a Bombay Sapphire and tonic - he just shrugged his shoulders and said what sounded like, &quot;I don't know&quot; and then he said something unintelligible. (Perhaps he wasn't a waiter - just someone who was passing my table, dressed as a waiter...) Anyway, after about 15 minutes, no sign of any drink, although the faux-waiter was still wandering around, looking useless. So, I placed my order again with a waitress, and got the drink I'd asked for. A little later, I asked the waitress for the check. She went away... and didn't bother to bring me anything. After 15 minutes of waiting, I grabbed a passing waiter and told him I'd asked for the check - he said he'd sort it out. He came back and said, &quot;The waitress will bring your check over in a moment.&quot; A further 10 minutes passed and that waiter eventually brought me the check. So, frankly, to have to wait 25 minutes for someone to bring the check is just rubbish - especially when they're charging $15 for a gin tonic.So, that was frustrating and annoying, but other than that I didn't really have much to do with the staff, as I was only using the hotel as a place to sleep. Everyone else I dealt with, I have to say, was pleasant and efficient.Given that other people on this site have been outraged by the size of the bedrooms and bathrooms at the Hudson, I wonder if I just got very lucky, because I didn't have any problems with my room at all. Or maybe my expectations were just very low...	
Jun 14 2009 	Loved It	I stayed at the Hudson this week and loved it. Yes it is small....almost laughably, (especially the bathroom) but it was clean, had a great bar, perfectly centrally located and the staff was friendly and got us in our room well before check in time. It is not a hotel for a family. I found it very sexy, but a little dark in the hallways. I will definitely stay there again.	
Jun 12 2009 	boutique hotel needing a touch-up	I just stayed at the Hudson over this past weekend. Loved the minimalist entry with no exterior signage and escalator up to check-in. Lots of brick and wood which made it very dark. Curved brick on the corners with a brass statuettes on top - cool detail. You could tell Starck and the designers were trying to create a feel and mood. But it does need touching up in paint and lighting in some areas. It looks like the novelty might getting a little old.The check-in could be more efficient. Waited in a long line and the room wasn't ready. After coming back to get the room and waited in a longer line, we got our room. The room was on the 5th floor which probably was (or still is) a smokers floor. We were in the shoebox room for 30 minutes and my wife had to call to change rooms. We then moved downstairs to a larger room which was at the end of a 1/4 mile walk around 3 hallways. Other than these room issues, we really didn't have a problem. The shoebox room was the same in other reviews - shower curtains, no leg room on toilet. Both rooms had wood paneling and flooring.The 2nd floor courtyard had a great outdoor patio with bar. You could tell that this was a neighborhood hangout. Lots of people that just came to party on a Sat. night. But who drinks $16 martinis?? We did on our last night. And the 17th floor roof deck had a great view down 9th Ave and 57th and 58th. Wished we took advantage of that deck.	
Jun 12 2009 	The worst hotel I have had the misery to experience almost anywhere.	This hotel was so bad that my wife and I woke at 4am, called another hotel made a reservation and had moved there by 6:30am.The rooms are absurdly small. The first room we were given was almost completely filled by an ordinary queen bed. (Side to side and end to end, one could just get down either side.) The bedroom looked, through a window, into the toilet (very chummy). We insisted on a move to a larger room and were given the largest. It was slightly longer than the first, a console table acted as a desk and cables trailed across the space behind the chair where one had to walk to get to the window.The aircon did not work, made a lot of noise but no cooling. One window could theoretically be opened but the sash was broken so I propped it open with one of the amenity boxes.The corridors are narrow, painted black or dark brown (impossible to tell) and lit by dim strip lights above the room doors. The person who showed us to the second room could not read the room numbers sign and sighed in frustration. The entire hotel is dark, even the reception. The room corridors are cave like. When I checked in I was kept waiting for quite a long time even though two desk staff were not dealing with clients but fiddling with their computers.When we checked out (admittedly 6am) the desk clerk could not give us a bill. We had to trust that the charges would be correct. They were.My guess is that this building was originally a public housing project. The windows at least have not been renewed from the original construction. My impression was that the building has had a cheap conversion. The staff were indifferent, some gave the impression they did not want to be there.If you are a troglodyte who does not suffer from claustrophobia this might be the hotel for you. By-the-way, it is not cheap.	
Jun 12 2009 	The Hudson Hotel Bar THINKS its cool but is NOT	The &quot;bouncer&quot; at the front bar area of the hotel (not to be confused with Library at the back area) was so rude to my friend who happened to be wearing flip flops, and wouldn't let her into the bar. Now, I can understand certain establishments having a dress code, but this is the Hudson Hotel, not 1 Oak, not Tenjune, and certainly not fancy by any means. Further, she wasn't dressed sloppy or unprofessional. And what really made me upset was that there were several other girls in the bar area wearing flip flops. If you're going to enforce a ridiculous dress code, at least do it uniformly. Its too bad that the service was so awful, b/c I liked the decor and the drinks were good.	
Jun 11 2009 	Past its prime terrible front desk staff check-in was a nightmare	Stayed here on a June 6th given I had plans to to go to dinner and see a show. The Hudson seemed beat up to me. The finishes, the furniture -- all seemed beat up and tired. What was trendy early this decade just looks threadbare now. Tried to check-in at about 4 pm and told the room wasnt ready...huh?...and this was after waiting in a line for 30 minutes. So went to the bar for a drink (watered down, the most expensive glasses of juice I've ever had. If a drink is approaching $20, you can at least put some booze in it.) Anyway, called back the number on the card they gave me and was told my room was ready....a Deluxe King that I had booked directly on their site. Went back inside, and after waiting again in the 30 minute line at the front desk, was told that the King Deluxe wasnt ready but that the Queen Deluxe was. Since I had dinner reservations, I couldnt argue too hard, and asked if there was a lower rate for the smaller room. Nope! According to the front desk staff, both rooms are the same class.....ok, whatever. Also asked explicitly to be away from an elevator, and where was I placed, at the room closest to the elevator bank. Ridiculous. This hotel is all sizzle and no steak. Ive stayed in other boutique hotels in NYC and this was by far the worst. Not recommended.,,,,	
Jun 11 2009 	Average	We stayed here for our 2nd part of our honeymoon. Coming from an amazing hotel in Vegas to the Hudson was a complete let down. The whole room (inc bathroom) was the size of our bathroom in Vegas - no joke! However, I had been warned of the room sizes in NYC so I tried to get over this.Once I got over this disappointment, it started to grow on me though. I still don't know whether I would stay here again but overall it wasn't too bad. The smell of smoke in the hallway and also in the room was horrible and we also had some kind of generator outside our room window which was very loud. Also as we were only on the 5th floor the noise from the bars below was really bad a few nights so if you are looking for a good sleep it is probably not the best place to stay for you.The location of this hotel couldn't be better, this was probably my favourite thing about the Hudson. It was so handy for lots of places.It could be doing with a lot more lighting as I hated the dark reception areas and even the room was dark. I like a nice bright room, I found it a bit depressing going from the nice weather outside into a dark hotel. It made it feel dingy.	
Jun 10 2009 	lacks warmth and character	not impressed with staff, rooms kept clean,good location, try losing those few pounds you want to , just to fit into the rooms ! only person there with a smile and good day was doorman,	
Jun 10 2009 	Comfortable and fun!!	My colleague and I had meetings all over Manhattan, knowing every clients' 1st question is...&quot;Where did you stay?&quot; we wanted to have a good answer. So we stayed one week at the Hudson hotel in a Double Deluxe room. The beds were soooo comfortable, everything was always clean when we came back from a long day of meetings. Shacazia at the concierge desk also was so helpful, by the end of the week I was hugging her goodbye, incredible service, she would do just about anything for us to make sure we were situated well. Then the night club had a really nice scene, I worked it out in advance with the concierge to be able to bring my clients into the night club for a few drinks thursday night, the place was hopping, not too jammed packed but filled with fun people having a good time.	
Jun 9 2009 	Small 	Stayed over on a Sat nite. Not only was room the size of a shoebox but a soon as you get out of the elevator the smell of cigarettes almost knocks you out. That same odor follows you into the room. I must say that the bar scene at nite is great! But for the money you are better off picking another hotel. The only time I would recommend is if you hooked up at the bar and wanted to get a quick room for some fun. Actually, at the front desk I saw quite a few people trying to do this! One person even asked do they rent out a rooms by the hour.	
Jun 5 2009 	Average At Best	Needed a quick room for one night in New York so I tried Priceline for the first time and got the Hudson. I've been in their public spaces, but this was my first overnight stay. Staff was helpful and polite, but the room was a joke. Tiny doesn't describe it - it was unbearable. I like to relax in my hotel room - but you couldn't do it here - there wasn't even a place to sit. The bathroom was so small that I actually had to dry off out side of the bathroom after a shower (BTW - not hot water - front desk admitted that it's an ongoing problem).Bottom line - great public spaces but make sure to upgrade your room or you'll be very sorry.	
Jun 5 2009 	worth every penny!	Ok, it is a quite expensive hotel. But worth every penny. We booked with 50% discount during a 24 hour sale (2 months before our stay!). The rooms are very small but very clean, and design. We love stylish places to stay and this is definetely one to recommend. The bars are amazing and the drinks even more. The staff was friendly and checking in and out was never so easy. For a stylish stay in NYC I'd recommend this Hotel. p.s. there is enough space in your room for all your shopping goods ;-)	
Jun 3 2009 	The trendiest hotel with the smallest bathroom!	Cool hotel, great shared space, bar , restaurant, library, garden etc.. Good thing I'm not a big person as my legs almost hit the wall infront of the toilet when seated. The room had everything that was necessary for 1 person, but it was not encouraging to stay in the room as it had minimal space and no comfortable sitting area. On the other hand there were lots of other places within the hotel to sit and enjoy even if you just wanted to sit and read. GREAT people watching!!	
Jun 2 2009 	It was AWESOME!!	The hotel was great. Fantastic location...close to EVERYTHING!! The rooms were small...but hey its NY...what do you expect? The night club was the best. The staff was super friendly. The tv in the room was a little fuzzy but hey i didnt go to NY to watch the TV. I would definitely stay at the hotel again.	
Jun 2 2009 	Terrible Hotel	We stayed here on business/pleasure and found it extremely noisy. It felt like you were sleeping on the street below. Unbelievable! The windows are paper thin. We moved to a high floor where it was supposed to be quieter - it was not. The room and bathroom are so small you can hardly move. We previous stayed at the Westin Times Square (same price). What a difference! Would never recommend the Hudson to anyone. We travel frequently to all parts of the world. The staff here do not care about your experience.	
May 31 2009 	If I could live there I would...	I am happy to say that the HUDSON hotel was part of the experience of my first trip to NEW YORK city. I've had work colleagues and friends stay @ the HUDSON and yes the first thing they say is the rooms are not big. It's New York. Space is a precious commodity. With that said I was more than satisfied with my room. I was in NYC to explore the city, not scrutinize the pro's and con's of my room. It's a room for sleeping, storing your belongings, and showering. I had seen the pictures on-line and on the hotels website, and they do not do it justice.As I walked up to the front door, I felt like I was entering a bunker of hip and cool.The front desk staff were pleasant and efficient. The day I checked in, there was a young woman (named Talya (sp?)) that had the most electric smile, you could have powered the island of Manhattan! The recommendations from Ben at the concierge services was so bang on for what I was looking for.The hotel is perfectly located near the south west corner of Central Park with Columbus Circle Stn. in between. From there, you can catch the subway or walk to anywhere on the island and beyond. The neighborhood itself is safe and clean, even for New York standards.I ran into a couple of bellman on their coffee break at one of the local Starbucks and felt like I was chatting with friends. We joked about sending someone with a toolbox/repair kit to my friends room to mend a broken heart and we all had a good laugh. It's nice to know there are some nice people in NYC and they work at the HUDSON Hotel.I will most gladly return the to both the HUDSON and NYC, as well as definitely refer the hotel to friends and family. Jeremy Vail	
May 31 2009 	Loved it once am booking again!	After 3 months of solid internet searching to find accomadatiion in NY I kept going back to my first choice - The Hudson Hotel. Mr Starke's imput helped my decision of course. We were blown away the minute we arrived. Great public areas (we arrived very early and had a few hours to wait to check in so we sat in the room with the posters of cows in hats - so cool - and pool tables). When we finally got to our room it was everything I wished for, including the view from our window. Even the bad reviews about the room sizes didn't put me off. Why do you need huge hotel rooms? Obviously the reviewers who complain about that haven't been to Japan! You go to New York to experience the city not the inside of a hotel room. And if you need more space go to the reading room or the terrace. We are heading back to New York in September 2009 and I will not hesitate to book this hotel again. Can strongly recommend the Clift in San Francisco too. Now that's a beautiful hotel! I have recommended this hotel to many as it captures to unique vibe that can only be found in a city like New York City.	
May 30 2009 	Seen anything smaller???	The very dark entrance after taking the narrow escalators was the first uncomfortable feeling.Entering the room was a big surprise. Harly larg enough to accomodate a bed , a shower and a toilet.The additional problem was that we had difficulties to find a place for our traveliing bags. Only two pieces. We were making a two week round trip. To both myself and my wife she got a major attack of clautrofaubia. I will save you the details but whilst I was trying to get a larger room ( tree upgrades wes still small) she left the hotel and it too me quite some time to convince her to come back in. And I can tell you , we are experienced global travellers, including travelling into remote en poor area's en staying several days in a tsmall train coupé. This hotel is even not a joke anymore.Check your bills, particularly at breakfast. I had to complain twice for overcharging and I heard another person having the same problem. Talking to a waiter , he told me this was routine as they assume 90% of the people take a full breakfast. This is an easy way to make money , but stealing in my opignon.Certainly no value for money.	
May 28 2009 	The Worst Place I Have Ever Stayed! EVER!	Not too much else to say.This place is a joke. the hallways are filthy. Rooms are so small you hit your face on the wall getting out of bed. Horrible. Absolutely awful.	
May 28 2009 	Disaster	Stayed in one of their suites: boy oh boy where do I begin.The lighting: where is it? The room was so dark, we could not see anything. The shower: what shower? it trickled water, it took us each maybe 30 minutes to get clean.The hallways: felt like we were lost in hell trying to find our room. The smell of pot was everywhere. The hotel needs some major work, it feels really run down. I don't know why anyone would stay here. Would never stay there again period. Would rather stay at any NYU dorm room which is what it felt like.	
May 27 2009 	Tiny rooms but very cool overall.	Tiny doesn't even begin to describe the room size--luckily I am petite and was staying alone, so I just found it funny. However, if you are more than 6ft tall or planning to share a room, I'd try for an upgrade beyond the standard room. My 6'3 husband would have had a panic attack from claustrophobia! That said, everything about the Hudson screams cool. When you're in NYC, you're not usually spending much time in the room, so a small room is not really a big deal. The bars are unbelievable, especially the 15th floor terrace. It was a little chilly for May, but they had blankets to keep you warm up there so you could still enjoy the amazing view and great cocktails! Had a light dinner at Cafeteria, good meal with great atmosphere, albeit super dark in there.	
May 26 2009 	Hope it's better next time :(	I stayed here this past April for business. I was happy overall because of the proximity to meetings I had to go to. The location was fabulous, with central park and loads of restaurants. The staff were all friendly and well mannered. However, my room was atrociously small and VERY, very noisy. I get anxiety in small spaces- and this was just beyond tiny. It did not help that I had to wake up in the morning at 6 with no sleep. I had to do this for four days. I have to be back here/ same hotel in June and really hoping they show some compassion and give me a quiter room so at the very least I can sleep :(	
May 25 2009 	Great location/Great doormen/Great Sky Terrace/Tiny tiny tiny	After many trips to NYC,and hearing legendary stories about the Hudson bar, this was my first time staying at there for a mix of business and pleasure over the Memorial Day holiday. First impressions were spectacular. The doormen were awesome-cute, muscular, and polite. Helped carry bags out of the taxi. The green escalators carted you away from the craziness of the urban scene into the dark tranquility of the Hudson. The lobby was well-appointed as was the Hudson &quot;cafeteria&quot;. However, $30.00 per person for breakfast was too much. Tip--go to the restaurant on the corner and get 2 eggs and a sausage for $9.00 bucks. The concierage staff was the best. The guys were very helpful. Interestingly, none of the staff looked over the age of 30! This is a place for the young and the beautiful (or the bold and the beautiful) (and the foreign tourist from Europe and S. America). Seriously, if you're over 50 years of age, consider another location. Mom and Dad wouldn't fit in here. I saw one couple in their 50's on the Sky Terrace--they looked liked divorcees and looked they were trying to be cool with the young guns. (It wasn't working and they soon departed.).On Monday, around 7 PM Eastern I was greeted by the song &quot;Me, So Horny&quot; pounding in the lobby for the annual Monday night blowout party. Acccording to the DJ: &quot;Monday is the new Friday&quot; at the Hudson?!! The young and the beautiful crowded around the velvet rope.The hotel staff was very cool and very accomodating. Now--the rooms. I started out in a tiny , smoking room on the 6th floor (I had booked non-smoking), but got upgraded to the 11th floor larger non-smoking room at no extra charge. The lamp on the tiny desk was broken in the first room and the lamp cord had been spliced together with tape! Scary! The engineer said that &quot;more of these lamps were on order, but hadn't arrived yet.&quot;? The second room was MUCH better until the AC quit on the last day. It took 3 phone calls until Engineering finally showed up. The engineer stated that &quot;the fuse blew out down the hall&quot; and corrected the problem. You don't hang out in the rooms here. The clausterphobia will get to you within an hour. Basically, Ian Schraeger needs to bust down some walls and join some of the rooms into one to give more breathing space--but I'm sure that would cut into profits?. Note: The rooms are smaller even than the boutique hotels in Paris.The fitness center looked pretty nice. The Sky Terrace bar had a terrific view. The cocktails were good, but the bar tenders seemed a bit &quot;green&quot;. I kept waiting for Kim Catrall and Sarah Jessica Parker to show up at any moment. Finally, the place is very, very dark. It's soothing, but really I couldn't see far in front of me in the hallways. More light would be helpful especially to those of us in their early 40's. The location is &quot;the ace&quot;. 2 minutes from Time Warner and Central Park. 10 minutes to the Theatres on Broadway and 46th. Would I come back? Maybe, but then again I might want to try another place also.	
May 25 2009 	I will recommend this hotel to everybody I know! Fabulous!	I couldn't have been happier with my stay at the Hudson. From the moment I arrived, I felt very welcome. The staff was friendly, helpful, and truly dedicated to providing a comfortable, warm environment. The Hudson is home to the Hudson bar, but the noise from the bar cannot be heard from the guest rooms. Also, there were several other more intimate spots to sit and enjoy a cocktail.For me, the room was just the right size. The hotel is centrally located and in walking distance of many fantastic restaurants, shopping, and the bright lights of Broadway. Additionally, there was a drugstore right on the corner...just in case!I loved my stay....I'll definitely return. Thank you, Hudson staff!	
May 25 2009 	Absolutely one of the best Hotels' in the World-Just do it!!	I arrived into NEW YORK full of excitement and anticipation of a City full off new age vision, passion and enthusiam for living life.This Hotel is exactly that..Fantastic..blew me away and I was so impressed it was a highlight of my trip no doubtClean, compact rooms, minimalistic in approach but the overall Hotel was so impressive, room size was not a deterent-{perhaps not practical for a family} The roof top terrace is awesome and the views breathtaking-the night life was incredible and the Bars in the Lobby are Sensational.What ever you do if you want to get amongst the New York wy if life-this is the place to do it!!Hooray for Hudson!!	
May 25 2009 	Sleeping in a box	I've stayed at the Hudson for one night during a business trip. The location is good, the service was definitely ok - but the rooms are not reasonable in size. It's not just that the room itself is only very very slightly bigger than the bed (if you actually look at the images at the hotel site - you can see it). It's that in the bathroom you can not sit on the toilet without having you knees bump the wall. The shower is also very narrow. The hotel has everything you need and the service was fine. If all you plan to do is sleep there - you can get away with it. But for a slightly longer stay or for two people - I wouldn't go there.	
May 21 2009 	midtown's best hotel all across the board!	I stay at the Hudson every few months and absolutely enjoy my experience, each and every time- it is truly my home away from home! The staff know me by my first name and acknowledge my repeat business with great service. The location is perfect and in walking distance to so many great places. The staff are very friendly and the property offers everything I require for comfort and convenience. There are great rooftop patios and the restaurant (that used to be the set for Sesame Street) has great hours and really good comfort food.I have recommended the Hudson to many friends who also thoroughly enjoyed their time there..	
May 19 2009 	Smallest room EVER!	I travel to NY 12+ times a year and am used to small rooms, but this room was barely bigger than a walk in closet, and the bathroom was virtually impossible to use and I am only 5'8&quot; tall. I felt that any price for this room would be over-priced. Lobby is impressive. There is NO sign or address on the outside of the building that I could find. That may be a cool statement from the hotel that this is a trendy property, but as I walked there from another location it was difficult to find and that is not user-friendly.	
May 18 2009 	Bijoux room	I was highly curious about this hotel as all the magazines raved about it and I wasn't disappointed. If you get pass the fact that it is the tiniest room that I stayed in NY, it is charming. I found the staff friendly, especially the guys on door duty outside the hotel. Certaintly not stuck up like some places.Reception could have done with more people to cover the volume and set up a queue as quite a few people jumped ahead of the line, which makes you angry as their arrogance.I dined in the restaurant, sitting on the side table opposite the kitchen, watching the chefs cook. The waiters were very attendive and helped me with choosing my meal. What I didn't like were the cleaning staff knocking on my door at 8am, they kept asking me what time I was leaving the room and I would like a lie-in during my holiday but I felt like I should hurry up and get out so that they could do their job.In the evenings, the queues for the lifts were huge, they should set aside lifts that are specifically for guests and not for the bars in the hotel. Also they could have better lighting in that section of the hotel as it's extremely dark!Otherwise I enjoyed my stay, its close to the subway, central park, the mall and if the price was right, I would definitely stay again.	
May 16 2009 	Nose bleedingly expensive yet ambience of a hostel	I wanted to be near the Lincoln Centre and was there for 8 nights. I had booked a studio at average $430 dollars a night plus multiple taxes. The so called studio was extremely small and dark with no lighting in the seating area. The toilet sported some pubic hair. I was upgraded to a suite which was much better but rather tired in its decor.The queues at reception were extremely long so making an enquiry was not a quick process.The bar charged $18 ($20 with expected tip) for a glass of house chardonnay and so I never ventured to the restaurant.It was clear the hotel caters for a young clientele and there was a very loud disco bar at night tho this was not a problem as my room was quiet but it puts out of use the rather nice library bar (where one could use one's laptop during the day tho it was impossible to read as, like with the whole hotel, the lighting was extremely low verging on darkness).The saving points were: the location with a good local diner and the Time Warner Centre nearby and some of the staff particularly those who helped with luggage.Overall a never again experience	
May 15 2009 	Great location and shower heads but the rest gets a C-	Three nights over a weekend in May 2009. Too expensive for what you get. Converted chopped-up apt. bldg surrounding LOUD bar courtyard. Noise still a problem at 14th floor (we set the A/C to &quot;fan&quot; to block noise. Worked because the headboard IS the A/C unit!!) Tiny, tiny, rooms, almost laughable, but there is a vestibule for luggage. But awful queen mattress.  Desk staff OK but the WORST doorman in NYC. And I mean the worst. Great for party animals that drink like fish but the ave. temp in the bars both nights was upper 80's, no joke. Weird.	
May 14 2009 	fun unique and corteous	The hotel is really fun. It is definitely not meant for families, but rather for friends and couples. There are 3-4 bars in the hotel, all completely different from one another. The hotel entrance is fairly simple, and there are no markings from the street to let you know what the building is - you just assume you're in the right place based on the address. All you see when you walk through the doors are 2 escalators, one going up and one going down. Once you do get up to the lobby, it is totally different from what you'd expect. A huge open space with brick walls and arched pathways to the patio, greenery and wooden chairs of all different shapes. The patio bar is beautiful and very relaxing, while the restaurant is like something out of medieval times with thick benches and high-backed throne armchairs. The rooms are tiny, just big enough for a bed, but they look nice, clean and comfortable. The staff is wonderful. They are friendly and helpful, welcoming without being overbearing. Everyone we had to deal with, from the check-in desk to the bell boy, to the waiters and cleaning staff was very professional and nice. Overall, this was a relaxing haven in the middle of the concrete jungle. Whether you want to rest or party, this hotel has it all, including a great view from the sky-terrace.	
May 14 2009 	The Hudson can be hit or miss. Miss and miss big time hit and you're alright!	As you will see by the various reviews from Trip Advisor, a stay at the Hudson can be VERY hit or miss. I have stayed there perhaps ten times over the years, but hadn't been there for a few years, and found the hotel generally the same.If you are a group leader, (and I was in this case as I was bringing a group of people to New York to do a commercial--I was the producer), you are almost certain to have some angry folks. As an example, in the case of the job that brought me out there...I, had a great room with a triple upgrade that was very tasteful and roomy. My only problem was when the hotel internet went down for almost 12 hours. Oh, and the main light went out in the entrance to my room that they replaced....three days later. And on my last day, the key machine broke which meant that everytime I had to go back to my room, I had to wait 10 minutes for a security guard (I checked out early and moved to another hotel). Nonetheless, I had a good experience there.My executive producer checked into a room...that had blood on the sheets. That didn't go over so well for him, or his wife.My director moved out after one day as her room was dirty upon arrival and had some kind of air conditioner/boiler that kept her up all night. &quot;Enough,&quot; she said (and she says she has never checked out of a hotel before where the rest of her team was staying at).Our other five guests didn't complain...only the most important ones to me! So if you are a group leader, you are BOUND to get complaints as there definitely are problems with the hotel...whether the size of the room, whether the service, etc. We had room upgrades for our room, or I would have expected more complaints as the botton tier rooms are so small that if you eat a Hostess Ho Ho, you'll fill the room and won't be able to move.As for service, it can be very hit or miss.One day we had a challenge with one of the folks at the front desk and any other hotel would have fired her for her rudeness (and we're actually very easy to please...but the hotel staff isn't trained in classic hotel management, or if they are, most of them have not read the manual as they're out at casting calls and auditions during the day).But in a Four Seasons &quot;yes sir, yes maam&quot; &quot;my pleasure&quot; kind of way...don't expect that.The reason to stay at the hotel...??. The entire lobby area, restaurant, outdoor patio area is fantastic. Very cool. Great bars and common areas.I will say that in the bar area where they have the restaurant, there is a bar with only ten seats, and often they have three bartenders behind the small bar....who....are so entertained by themselves that it takes a good amount of work to get their attention...and they're only eight feet away from you. They're nice, but....not attentive. But it's still fun to sit there and mingle. And the food in the restaurant is good, especially the comfort food. And if you don't mind the $27 buffet breakfast price, the breakfast buffet is nice.And if you do have a nice room, it will never be large and cavernous (wasn't it once a former YMCA?), but you might luck out. Don't count on it.Also, it's in a great location, only one block from Columbus Circle and Central Park, so you can't ask for better than that. That's one of it's best attributes. Move this hotel to anywhere else in the city and ... it would have closed already.And the price can be great....which is what led us back there.Would I go back again? Yes, but...it would be depending on price, but I wouldn't bring a group back as it's not worth it if they're unhappy and complaining.As you can see from Trip Advisor, the hotel essentially doesn't even bother responding to guests complaints. The hotel can be fantastic for some, and a disaster for others and that's simply the way it is at the Hudson. If you go in expecting a toss of the coin, you won't be surprised. Hopefully you'll get lucky!  Wishing you all good luck....	
May 14 2009 	I love to stay at the Hudson - but I wouldn't pay rack rate	I love to stay at the Hudson. I love not knowing where it is until you're right up on it. I love the huge flower pots. I love the peek-a-boo shower. It feels so New York to stay there, and adds to the ambience of every part of the trip.That said, I only stay there if it I get a great deal. Every insult is also true. I don't think you could even sit on the toliet if you were overweight. And, my favorite, the last time I was there they charged me $19.95 for something... which wasn't there on check out. Okay, sure, except I really didn't take anything or eat anything, etc. But I didn't care enough to call and have them remove the charge, it's just something I still remember...The last time we were there DH and I went for the most lovely nighttime walk. What college is there? It's a charming neighborhood and the hotel is hip and fun. The New York hotel market is crazy and you could do a lot worse just picking from a hat.	
May 12 2009 	Wonderful	I booked this through the priceline bid website....and then read the trip advisor reviews....and was prepared for the worst......I don't know where these people stayed because their reviews were not present the hotel we stayed in! It was so good we paid the full price for our room to stay another day!From the moment we checked in the service was excellent.....we had an non smoking room...8th floor kingsized room and yes it is small but it is NYC.....so you don't spend much time in the room.....it was clean with a shower and loo....yes its compact....and only seperated by glass walls but there are shower curtains for your modesty......We used the bar / night club it was cool yes drinks are expensive....$30 for two....but it was funWe had breakfast...it was excellent.....$58 for two but well worth itMy husband lost a cufflink it was found and sent on to us.....and I rushed out of the room and left the safe open...loads of cash...passports and jewlry nothing was touched....What more can I say? New York in no longer a cheap place but then what city is? Still very worth while to visit and a great hotel......try it and enjoy!!!!!!	
May 10 2009 	Tiny Room - Great Location - Poor Service = What we expected for NYC Hotel!	We had a queen room and I totally agree with all the reviews that the room is very small. Not so bad except in the bathroom. If a very tall person stayed here, they could not sit on the toilet without their knees hitting the wall!Location was great. Only 1 block from subway, Near Central Park. Service was not great. Second day, they only left one washcloth. We got back to room about 10pm, called and asked for one. They said that they would send right up. 30 minutes later - we had to call again. When it finally arrived - almost an hour after the original call - they delivered a towel - not a washcloth. Third day was a repeat of the second... except this time they did not leave any washclothes. Trendy. Got for about $120 on Priceline, so it was well worth the cost.	
May 7 2009 	Great location Smiling staff Clean small rooms	The escalator takes you up to the dark and trendy Lobby and lounge. There are no signs - the Check-In desk is facing you. The concierge desk is to the right. NOTE: Not the best place for children since the lobby converts to a lounge at night and or course, the escalator. The staff was wonderful - I was allowed an early Ck-in (11:00) Easter Sunday and had additional days booked. The young woman arranged for the same room for all 4 days. Wonderful since I needed to shower and change before Sunday dinner at 1:30. My room (1808) was small with no frills, but very clean. If you are accustomed to living in small spaces (boats/RVs) then it's great for a couple. I stored my bag under the bed. In fact the bathroom is so small that reminded me of the boat I once owned. (see photo)Internet is extra and costs $10 per day. That was fine since I got the room on Priceline for &gt;$100.Location is superb - on Metro lines at Columbus Circle and across the street from Time Warner and Jazz at Lincoln Ctr.There is no complimentary breakfast, but just next door is the Europa cafe with b'fast foods and sandwiches.	
May 4 2009 	location fantastic friendly staff	great hotel in a fantastic location especially for first time visitors to NYC or anyone who wants to stay in midtown. great location near the park and columbus circle subway which gets you everywhere. staff really friendly and efficient. lobby is fab. bar is gorgeous if not a bit pricey! only downside is the rooms are quite small.	
May 4 2009 	Friendly staff and perfect room for the occasion	The service at the hotel was unbelievable. When I explained the special occasion my fiance I were celebrating the upgraded our bedsize and also gave us a high room with river views. It was absolutely wonderful. While I agree with many reviewers that the rooom is quite small, I found it to be a very cozy small. I did not find it anxiety provoking and it was nicely set up. The lighting in the halls was perfect. The only weird thing was the window between the room and the bathroom, although a curtain could be closed. It may not be ideal for extended stays in New York, but for short stays I think it would be perfect.	
May 3 2009 	lobby location good rooms are small	Lobby and lounge is very trendy and good, however rooms look old and small. Internet is extra and costs 10 $ per day. Hotel is very close to Central Park and Time Warner building.There is no complimentary breakfast.Service is below average.	
Apr 30 2009	The Hudson was great - we really enjoyed our stay	Before booking this hotel I was put off by various reviews; some saying about the tiny rooms, noise factor, it being dirty, however I know that some people are harder to please than others so I took a chance!I stayed for 4 nights with my Mum and we loved the hotel; the location was perfect for Central Park, 5th Avenue and Columbus Circle tube was nearby. We thought the hotel was gorgeous to look at with beautiful furniture, and 'outdoors inside' feel and a great, lively bar for drinks/dancing. They also have a roof terrace and a huge outdoors space with seating, beds to lounge on and helpful staff. The room was small but we found it perfect for us; I don't think anyone goes to NY to chill in their room do they? It was all very clean too.I would definitely return!	
Apr 28 2009 	If you want somewhere purely as a base this place is great!	After reading the reviews about The Hudson prior to our trip we were slightly concerned what it was going to be like! From the minute we walked in the door we knew that those reviews were probably from people that expected far too much this hotel. The staff were very friendly and accommodating (we asked for a high floor so we could enjoy the views!). Yes the rooms are small, yes the bathroom is on the small side but how big do you need the room to be? Are you in NYC to see the inside of your hotel room? I'd agree with people that said that The Hudson could do with a lick of paint but overall we had a great experience. The Subway is literally around the corner - and don't be afraid, people are so helpful!It was NOT noisy as people suggest, they may have just had an unlucky stay, but we were there 4 nights and we couldn't hear a thing apart from a couple of sirens, what do people expect staying in the middle of Manhattan!? Go stay in NJ if you have a problem with it!The only thing that I would say is that it would have been nice to have breakfast included but there are plenty of places close by! It would have also been nice to have A/C in the room as it was 90 degrees this weekend! It would have also been nice to have WIFI included, I thought $10 for a day on top of your bill was a bit steep.Stay here if you want somewhere as a base, it's not a place to take young children or your grandma but it is great!	
Apr 26 2009 	Great location hotel not so great	On the up-side: 1/2 block to Columbus Circle, subway station, Central Park. You can walk everywhere on UWS, to Central Park, to Broadway shows. Check-in/concierge/bell staff were very pleasant, charming and chatty. I got a good deal on Hotwire for 6 night stay.On the down-side: Bar scene (especially on wknd) was very loud for my 6th floor courtyard room. Room was the tiniest I've ever stayed in anywhere in the world. Bathroom was so small anyone over 5'6&quot; couldn't sit on the toilet without banging their knees against the wall. Also, shower stall (no tub) had a glass wall facing the bed which might not be appropriate for all travelers - lovers yes, friends and/or family no! Room and bathroom were so dark I couldn't apply my make-up. I called Maintenance 3 times as the fire detector in my room was hanging off the wall by its wires and no one ever came to fix it.	
Apr 23 2009 	Completely overated	Arrived late in the evening - no bellboy, rude check-in staff. The bar was so noisy you couldn't even talk to the check-in staff and be understood. Asked for and got a top floor room - superior room, no larger than a broom closet. Bad lighting, tiny, bouncy bed. Terribly noisy, even though on the top floor. Certainly would never go back there - all decor and no substance - was not built to last. Not value for money, even in New York terms.	
Apr 23 2009 	would not stay here again	stayed for 4 nights bathroom so small my husband had to sit side ways.cleaning not very good no loo rolls and didnt clean room they said they would do it yhe next day but we were going home. tips grat deli on the corner outside very reasonable and great food.try red eye for a good steak.	
Apr 22 2009 	Nice staff slick lobby HORRIBLE HOTEL	The lobby is cool. The restaurant and bar are fun. The staff was pretty nice. Everything else: HORRIBLE. The halls are creepy and dark and made me feel sort of unsafe. And when we reached the room itself, it only got worse.If by some misfortune you are ever put in room 549 of the Hudson hotel RUN DON'T WALK find other accommodations. It faced a hideous and NOISY view of the air shaft and generator. Hot air blew out of the vents even when we put on the air conditioning, shooting the temperature up to an intolerable 85 degrees. Plus, I'm a vehement nonsmoker who was put on a smoking floor. As soon as I realized this, I went back down to the lobby to politely ask for a change in rooms and was told that nothing else was available. So I woke up at 2am gasping on my neighbors second-hand smoke and was unable to fall back to sleep for the rest of the night. Upon checkout, I made my displeasure known and the manager--who, like the rest of the staff, seemed nice enough by NYC standards--comped a free night in one of the Hudson's Deluxe rooms. Honestly, I had such a terrible time there that I don't think I could bring myself to go back--even for free.	
Apr 21 2009 	Tiniest Bathroom Ever!	The hotel is very hip and trendy. You'll feel more like you're at a nightclub than a hotel. The room was nicel decorated and clean. The size was decent for a NYC hotel. However, the bathroom is a whole other story. It is actually the sole reason that I cannot recommend the hotel. It is absolutely tiny. I am a rather petite woman, but I could not use the restroom without my legs hitting the wall. I have had tall friends who have stayed here and they had a horrible time for this very same reason. On top of that, you better be traveling with someone you know really well because the shower shows through the room.	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent hotel!	I stayed at the Hudson in March 2009 for one week and it was great. I cannot agree with all the negative reviews here, I had a great time at the Hudson. I was not sure if I should stay at this hotel prior to making my reservation, but it was totally worth it. My room (Superior) was not as small as I expected from the reviews, there was plenty of room for my stuff (same goes for the bath). The interior of both foom and bath was very nice and stylish. Same goes for the design and architecture of the lobby, the bar, the library etc. Everythig looked just perfectly stylish.Another point that seems to get negative feedback is the music. Again, I do not agree. First, music can only be heard in the lobby and the elevators. Second, the music is not loud at all (don't believe the reviews talking about &quot;disco noise&quot;). Third, I did not hear any music from the lobby in the hallways or in my room. In contrast, my room was super quiet. Another thing I really liked about the Hudson is the location. It's only a couple of meters away from Central Park and I went there for a run a couple of times in the morning. In addition, I found the Hudson to be an excellent starting point to discover the city by foot. The staff at the lobby was also very friendly and helpful, e.g. had very good advice concering running goods.The only thing that gets a negative feedback from me are the prices for everything extra like drinks, breakfast, lunch etc. But then again, there are so many cool and nice locations in the immediate neighbourhood (check out the bars/restaurants/cafes on 9th Avenue), so this didn't really affect me.I highly recommend this hotel and would go there again for sure.	
Apr 18 2009 	Not a happy experience	Stayed for four nights in March. 25 minute queue to book in while staff chatted behind the counter and seemed not to notice guests. Areas of the hotel very gloomy. Bedrooms so small that the wall-hung television could caused bruising. Not something I would repeat voluntarily.	
Apr 16 2009 	Better off visiting for a drink than staying here	I stayed at the Hudson in the wintertime after visiting the hotel several times just for drinks. The decor of the bar area and restaurant are just fabulous, the perfect place to go for a martini and mingle/people watch. But as far as staying there, besides being in an excellent location blocks from Central Park, the rooms are TINY!! Not that anywhere in NY you do very well on size, but I've found these &quot;trendier&quot; places are usually especially small and the amenities and rooms feel older, and they spend all their money on the common areas. Better off just coming from a drink.	
Apr 15 2009 	We got what we expected	We were a party of 9 with an average age 60yrs staying for 4 nights over easter break. Bit apprehensive after reading other reviews but we need not have worried. Rooms small - yes, but actual size is given on hotel website so no surprise - how long are you going to be in room anyway. Able to hang clothes, store suitcases, use bathroom and shower fairly easily - not sure how tall some of the other people leaving reviews but we had very few problems. We requested high floor rooms so did not have any noise apart from some street noise which you will get in any NY hotel. Staff were great, from front desk, concierge, bell hops and doorman - helped every time we had a query. Pricey to eat and drink at hotel but Flame diner on corner of 9th ave serves great breakfast and rest of menu looks good too, open 24/7. Good Irish pub restaurant on same street (Coliseum) serves good food and drinks and Kennedys around corner on 57th st great value for money in their dining room at back of the bar. Ideal location with Columbus Circle subway just on corner and Central Park on next street.	
Apr 13 2009 	It is a shame handy location but extremely small rooms would not go back	I am not a picky traveler by any means, but I feel so strongly about this, I am compelled to write a review and I never write reviews. If you are thinking of staying at this hotel, don't. When people say these rooms are small, they are NOT exaggerating. We booked this hotel for 100 a night plus taxes through Priceline, it came to about 133 a night. We felt it was a good deal at the time, considering the location was so great, near Central Park and Times Square. However, by the time you add 55 dollar a night parking fee, 10 dollars for Internet and then the room size, this is no deal at all. The room can not accommodate more than 1 person walking around at a time. The bathroom is so small you have to sit sideways, or your knees hit the wall. The shower is of course also tiny, you can't move around without rubbing against a shower curtain or wall. Rooms were not filthy, but could have been cleaner. The closet was so small, you can not put any luggage in it, so you have to put your luggage around the bed and then you cant walk around the bed. If someone sits at the desk, you can not get to your luggage, etc. The bed was low to the ground, hard and not comfortable. There is no coffee pot or refrigerator in the room, but there is an iron, hair dryer and a little ironing board, good luck finding a spot to iron. No bathroom counter space, or good area to do hair/makeup. The rooms were not sound proof, kind of noisy, could hear neighbors, people walking up and down the hall and street noise. The lobby was really beautiful, very unique, but once you get on the floors, they are painted a dark gray with yellow lighting and is very dark, not a great idea for safety's sake. When checking in/out there was always a huge wait. The staff was pleasant enough, once you got one of them. When I brought up the issue of the small rooms to the staff, they responded by telling me the hotel rooms are suppose to have a &quot;cruise ship&quot; feel, please. Sadly, that is the best thing I can say. Next time I would stay out of the city and/or pay more for a better room, somewhere else. Also, I would not use Priceline again either, I would not say that was a 3 and 1/2 star hotel, not even close.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Location and that's all	I was pretty excited staying at the Hudson given the location and the funky website. I arrived very early for check-in but finished the paperwork with the front desk staff and was able to leave my bag on hold. The hotel reception area/restaurant has an amazing ambiance. Beautiful! The Room:HATED IT! It definitely ONLY provides the bare basics. I believe I was in room 964. There was about 5-7 inches (barely) of walking space between the bed and the surrounding wall. The view out the window was great but although I kept it closed, there was a distinct draft that kept me shivering at night and since its so close to the main streets, there was A LOT of street noise that was very disturbing. The mattress was hard and uncomfortable. The bathroom was cute but again - cramped! You literally have to sit on the toilet in an angle of to the side since there is not enough space between the wall and the toilet to sit straight. Decent for the location of the hotel but I like a good night's sleep and therefore, won't be staying here again and is why I am giving this hotel an average rating. The staff were excellent. I really want to recognize this aspect of the hotel because although I wasn't satisfied the room, the service was enough to keep me content without complaints.	
Apr 13 2009 	Some problems but overall was a cool hotel!	It was our first time to the US so we were in awe of everything anyway. We got to the hotel and it looked fab! The room we were in was facing the Hudson river and it was clean and was big enough for the both of us. Who wants to stay inside when your in NY anyway!! After a 7hr flight i wanted a nice shower but the shower head wouldnt work, i went down to the front desk and they said they would send maintenence up. The next day and nothing. I go back down and they apologise and upgrade us to a bigger room! Although we only have the view of the inside of the hotel (i.e other windows!) the room was a great size. We ordered room service and although slightly steep in price it was a one of stay and the food and service from the porter was fantastic! It was ashame my partner was only 19 at the time so we couldnt get a drink in the brilliant bar/club but thats US laws! Overall the hotel looked amazing, the service was great and i would definetly recommend this to anyone. It is central to most things...walking to broadway etc. Or taxi journeys too.	
Apr 13 2009 	Good location but..	Stayed at this hotel for two night. Location is great. The standard rooms are tiny (was expecting this but did not realize quite how small.) and more suitable for 1. They do however contain everything that you would need although in my room the TV was not working &amp; it was not as clean as I would have expected, I went to reception to complain &amp; all issues were dealt with promptly. The bar is great and the restaurant nice - food is tasty and filling. For me, the hotel was quite good value but I found an internet deal.	
Apr 12 2009 	The atmosphere at the Hudson is dark and the rooms are tiny and uncomfortable.	My family and I stayed at the Hudson for three nights. The guest rooms are VERY small. They have one full size, uncomfortable platform bed and a small desk (not large enough to work on). The televisions are mounted on the side wall making watching television in bed difficult. One side of the bathroom is separated from the bedroom by a sheer curtain. The entire bathroom is approximately 3X7ft including the shower area!. Outlets are scarce, so charging a cel phone and a laptop simultaneously is a challenge. On a positive note, the concierges were quite friendly and helpful. The Hudson is definitely for singles and not a family hotel.	
Apr 8 2009 	funky hotel in great location but tiny rooms	I stayed for just one night - last night in fact! It is in a great location near to Times Square and right by the park. It is very funky and trendy and has a good atmosphere. However, the rooms really are tiny although they have everything that you need in them. My biggest complaint was how noisy - you could not only hear the street but banging and clanking - maybe the heating system all night. I had earplugs but even so, it was very annoying.However, I paid only $100 on Priceline which is fantastic for a good hotel in a good location. I wouldn't choose to stay there again, but if I got it on priceline again I would not be upset.	
Apr 6 2009 	We're too busy to deal with your little problems	The smallest hotel room I've ever seen, and I've been to London and Tokyo. With a broken phone in the room, I had to go down to the lobby to complain in person (after a long wait) about the faulty TV and heating system -- and the phone, too. They fixed the phone, which later enabled them to put me on hold and/or transfer my call into someone's voice mail for 30 minutes, and when I finally got a human being on the phone he told me they were too busy to deal with the phone or the heating system. Oh -- did I mention the paper-thin walls? If you want to know exactly when your next-door neighbor uses the toilet, this is the place to stay. And did I mention the spectacularly overpriced wine in the bar? And the waitress with big-time attitude?	
Apr 5 2009 	All hype and rudeness but no substance	I stayed with my husband at the Hudson while he was in NYC for a business meeting. We were there for 2 nights, and it was the worst experience I have ever had at a hotel. He had to attend a morning meeting so I tried to check into the hotel for both of us. It was 11AM, and they refused to check me in because they said my name wasn't on the reservation (which had been made by his assistant). It was only under his name. I offered to show them my passport as well as his, but they refused. They told me I had to call him, which I tried to do but he was already in meetings and couldn't answer the phone. I asked if they would hold our luggage for the day while I waited for him to return, and they at first said no. After I threw a bit of a fit they finally agreed to hold our luggage, after which I was booted out onto the street to wander around for 5 hours waiting for him to return. Several hours later he was finally able to take a break and call them and &quot;authorize&quot; me on the reservation. I returned to the hotel around 5PM and they finally let me check in, but they gave me no apology. I told the snooty woman at the front desk that I wasn't aware that I needed to bring along my marriage license when I traveled. The room itself was tiny, you had to be a hobbit to use the toilet, and the bed was highly uncomfortable, but the worst part was the banging and clanking mechanical system which would kick in at random times throughout the night, rendering sleep impossible. That combined with the high rates, snobby and unhelpful staff, over priced everything and skimpy services ranks this hotel as the worst I have ever experienced. I wouldn't stay here again if it was the last hotel in NYC.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great Value at $225 or less	This contemporary hotel has everything you need. While the rooms are tiny, they are notable for their efficient use of space and luxurious touches. The public spaces of the hotel are plentiful, and well equipped for doing business. Unlike many bargain hotels in New York, this one looks nice, has great linens and is a pleasure to come back to.One nit would be the wait staff at breakfast: exceeding amounts of attitude. You would think that rather than (failing to) serving you coffee, they were tending the rope at a swanky club.All-in-all, a great value.	
Apr 1 2009 	Good value in a great location	This hotel is a fantastic option for those looking to do New York on a fairly tight budget, but who are not willing to 'rough it' in a youth hostel, or chance it in a less reputable hotel.The only con is that the rooms are small. However, my boyfriend and I stayed four nights and we were comfortable enough. There isn't any room to unpack really, only minimal storage, so for longer stays I wouldn't recommend it, but for short stays its great. The rooms themselves are nicely done out, and very clean. They were also very quiet, despite parties being downstairs at the bar at all hours.The location couldn't be faulted at all. Minutes from several subway stations, a walk to central park, and not far from midtown. We managed to walk nearly everywhere. The hotel is also very trendy. The various bars, and the fact that the hotel is popular lone for these, stops this feeling like a cheap hotel and make it feel far more expensive than it really was! The service was excellent also and helped maintain the trendy feel. I would reccomend this hotel to all couples - young or old, and families (provided you get a bigger room!) But i'd be careful if your planning on a long stay, or are planning on sharing a room with someone other than a significant other as they really are cosy!	
Mar 30 2009 	Frustrating.	I really wanted to like this hotel - it is delightfully bizarre. The staff was at times very helpful; at others, not so much (like when I was trying to change a $100, and the lone front desk clerk didn't have access to the cash drawer!). The bars are quirky and fun, though sometimes off-limits due to private parties; but if you do get in, there may not be anywhere to sit. Everything but the room was expensive - the breakfast buffet costs twice what it rightfully should have. The room was about 1/3 the cost of a typical midtown room (via Hotwire) - but 1/4 the size. Internet access just didn't work. The heat was unnecessarily on at full blast in the hallways, which meant I had to have the A/C on in the room. Unfortunately, the HVAC unit is smack up against the head of the bed, and it's a compressor-based system; when it kicked on periodically during the night, it would jar me awake. The hotel cries out for a bit of management to better channel the efforts of the well-intentioned staff. As it stands, I would recommend it only for young people substantially more interested in a good time at a low cost than sleep or comfort.At &quot;regular&quot; prices - like some of those I've seen quoted here (over $300???) - forget it.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great bar - shame about the rooms!	The bar in the Hudson is fantastic - really lively and a bit of a hot spot - I loved it but had one gripe which was that there was one night where we, even as guests in the hotel, really struggled to get in to the bar as we were not apparently on a list. Considering that a hotel should be a home from home whether you are on holiday or business I thought this was pretty poor service. Thankfully we were eventually let in but we then had to come out to speak to the bouncers so that a friend who was meeting us was allowed in. Madness - what is the point of having a bar in a hotel if you are not allowed to use it? (For any SATC fans I think its the same bar where Samantha ditches Smith and disappears upstairs with Richard.....) The rooms are tiny and there is just about enough room to walk around the outside of the bed - so if you are planning to do any shopping there isn't going to be a lot of room to store it in - be warned. I have stayed in other hotels in NY and you don't get much square footage for your money - but these rooms are ridiculous. If you just need somewhere where you can collapse on to the bed as soon as you open the door this is the hotel for you!The bathrooms are really small - unless you are a size zero you are going to struggle to turn around and just so that you know - if you are staying in the same room as a friend or anyone other than a partner - they will be able to see you having a shower thanks to the glass walled bathroom.... ok if you don't mind showing your bits off but not for the shrinking violets among us! The gym is tiny as well in keeping with the theme of the hotel rooms - I wouldn't bother - just take your trainers and go for a run in the park instead.Breakfast is good - served in a darkened room so if you have been up all night enjoying the bar no one should notice! I WOULD recommend it to a friend as its clean, a great location and a lively bar but if you want space try somewhere else.	
Mar 28 2009 	Excellent location! Trendy designet Hotel!	From a design point of view it is excellent hotel!!! Worth visiting just to admire the interior design! Rooms are tiny but comfortable, my boyfriend ans I were staying there for a week and it was fine. You are in NY so you will spend the least time in hotel. The hotel bar/club is very busy on saturday/friday. People from all over the city come there to have fun. I do recommend to check it out! Overall, very good experience, will definitely come back!	
Mar 26 2009 	Pretentious and tiny rooms	This hotel is very pretentious and the standard room is tiny! They managed to fit everything in quite cleverly (including room for our suitcases), but if you are not of average build you could have trouble moving around. It was a nice room as they go but there was no free wifi or breakfast so I felt value was low.	
Mar 25 2009 	Unusual hotel with staff that go the extra mile.	We stayed overnight at the hudson on the way home from Hawaii. We were met by Mike at the door who gave us a lovely welcome and straight away organised our bags to be taken to the room, which was nice as we had arrived quite late in the evening and were quite tired. Upon entering the hotel up the lime green escalator I thought maybe I had made a mistake I was wrong. Upon entering reception our check in was dealt with by very friendly staff who offered a complimentary upgrade and we were in our room within minutes. Yes the room was smaller than some we had stayed in so maybe a standard room is very small. But the room was well equiped and clean with a comfy bed for our overnight stay. We quickly popped down to the restaurant to eat and both had a lovely meal cooked by the Chefs in the open kitchen. We didn't realise when booking it was St. Patricks day the next morning. We asked if we could store our bags as check iout normally 12.00, reception advised we could leave bags in our room until about 1.30 and to go and enjoy St. Patricks day parade this was really helpful and gave us a little more time to walk the 2 blocks down to 5th avenue to watch the parade which was just amazing. (if you are planning a trip to NY at this time of year try and be there for March 17th) Upon check out I got in the 'slow' queue, but it was noticed that I had been waiting longer than some and moved along which I thought was really nice. The hudson is not your normal Hilton/Hyatt etc. as it is a very individual hotel but the staff we encountered were so friendly helpful. Would we stay there again?? Most definalely yes, although we are in our 50's and feel it probably is more suited to 30/40 age group.	
Mar 24 2009 	Tiny but convenient	We stayed on night at the Hudson hotel and though the room was tiny, the location was ideal for a great trip. The room has not been cleaned properly for a while, since it was a bit dusty and the representative were ok, but the service was coldly courteous as opposed to enthousiast. I would probably return if I had to.	
Mar 22 2009 	Trendy hotel in a great location	I lived in NYC for almost twenty years and usually stay at the Washington Square Hotel in Greenwich Village. I booked the Hudson because we found a fantistic rate of $149 a night over the frigid MLK weekend in January. I'd been to the hotel for drinks before, and knew that it was a bit of a scene, but as a hotel, it definitely did not disappoint. When we arrived, the staff was extremely pleasant, and we were actually upgraded. So the room, while not huge, was much larger than the one we'd booked. The room was hip and modern in terms of design, but some might find the heating to be noisy. Having lived in NY, I am familiar with noisy water heat in old buildings, but if you are not, you will likely find it to be noisy. Again, for $149, this hotel was a steal; at $350 a night, we may have found it to be too much. When you return at night, the lobby will have turned into a loud nightclub, due to the two popular lobby bars. You either like that or you don't, but our room was on a high floor and there was no problem with noise from the lobby at all. We had drinks at the Library Bar, which were expensive, but no more so than other hotels in NYC. Also, it would be great if they offered free wireless; it is $10 per night. But, in terms of location, it is right off of Columbus Circle and Central Park. While I never lived in that neighborhood, it is a very pleasant, central place to stay for a long weekend. I would happily return.	
Mar 21 2009 	It's Not As Bad As The Rest of the Reviews Here Suggest	My wife and I decided to take a short break in New York, first time away from the kids so we wanted to make sure we had a good time of it. Booked this hotel using Priceline's &quot;name your price&quot; and got the room for $110 (+fees) per night which we were happy with... that was until we started reading reviews panning this place into oblivion. We expected the worst and we pleasantly surprised to find it not to be that bad at all.Yes it is dark inside but so what... if you wear sunglasses inside, you're an idiot, if you don't wear sunglasses inside, you're fine!Yes it is pricey to grab a drink in the bar or eat... so eat out, it's not like there's not much choice.Yes the staff are young (and restless?) but we found everyone to be really friendly and helpful from the doormen to the concierge to the checkin staff to the checkout staff... even the maid's seemed really friendly always saying &quot;Hi&quot; as you passed them, although we didn't really stop to chat.Yes the rooms are tiny but unless you're grossly overweight or plan on spending all your time in New York pining away in your room (in which case there really is no help for you!)... the rooms are perfectly fine.Yes the beds are low... erm... I'm not sure what the problem is... if you can't get out of a bed that is a little lower to the ground than the average bed, you probably shouldn't be travelling unaccompanied!The GoodThe exceptionally small rooms are surprisingly well laid out and had lots of nice little touches that either made them seem larger or added to the overall usability of the room. E.g. ipod dock with speakers, mirrored walls (nudge, nudge, wink, wink), LCD TV built into the mirrored wall, window to the bathroom from the bedroom (allows for lots of light to get in and makes both rooms feel airier (is that a word?).The rooms are very cleanThe room has controllable and responsive heating systemNice little nook for a closet, big enough to fit a medium suitcase, opened on the fold out standThe hotel is modern and pretty classyBathroom is stocked with fancy shampoos and soaps (not that I used any of it)Location is great, a 15 minute walk from Times Square, a 3 minute walk from Central ParkThe BadNo getting away from it the rooms are small but they are still functional and comfortable for a short visitThe windows are not really sound proof... we were on the 14th Floor and by 6:30am the hustle and bustle outside were clearly audible (but then again, if I was asleep I probably wouldn't have noticed... I'm an early riser)The HVAC is noisy, every time it kicks in it seems like every component inside the unit behind the headboard jumps 2 inches to the right and flaps open randomly (RECOMMEND - turn the heating down so it doesn't come on as often)The mini bar was extortionately priced... $4.50 for a small bottle of water... luckily there are plenty of shops close by so stock up on food and drink from the outside if you think you might be tempted to eat/drink in the roomHigh Speed wireless internet available for $10 a day... why do hotels insist on charging for this still? It should be a freebie.Although pleasant, the concierge was misinformed on a couple of things... e.g. we wanted to purchase a New York Pass (gets you access to tons of attractions including all the main ones) for a low price (we paid $99 for 2 days and definitely got our money's worth), however, we asked the concierge if we could buy one at the Circle Line Cruise place (Pier 83) and we were told no and that the best place to get them was in Times Square... consequently we didn't have time to get to Times Square, grab tickets and get to Pier 83 for a 10am cruise... turns out that a) the place in Times Square was not a main office and only had 1 ticket left for sale b) we walked past a main office (Gray Line office 47th and 8th) on the way to Times Square only to have to walk back c) we could have bought the tickets from Pier 83 and thus made the 10am cruise after all!!!The UglyNo show stoppers... all the bad stuff (above) are minor inconveniences but nothing that would make me not want to stay here... that said, if you're married to a big fat lass or a big fat lad, the mirrored walls and window from the main room into the shower could be a little off putting... luckily the window has a curtain on both sides so you can close them to protect your eyes and as for the mirrored walls, you can either close your eyes or turn the light off... or just be happy with the person your with and enjoy the ride (if you excuse the pun!)Would be more than happy to stay there again should Priceline push me in that general direction.	
Mar 21 2009 	Tiny but reliable	Swinging a cat would be a major challenge (well, impossible really) in a standard room at the Hudson, but we always stay there when we're working in New York because it's fun and buzzy, if a bit daft. The food is lovely, the staff are great and the concierges are very good indeed. The hot water in the showers has let me down on more than one occasion. New York hotels are tricky; here you know what you're getting.	
Mar 18 2009 	Not as bad as I expected	I had read all the other reviwes and thought I had booked a real dud through hotwire. The price we paid ($108.00+tax) was well worth the location and a clean place to rest our head. The rate above only came with one room, to upgrade to two beds would have been an additional $120. We could have gotten another room cheaper than that. The decor is funky, but cool.	
Mar 17 2009 	Cool but very very small	There are much better hotels in NYC than the Hudson. The place is a complete fire trap and terribly dark and black. Get out of there and get a decent hotel.	
Mar 13 2009 	Scary Spookhouse Ride	The Hudson is less of a hotel than a dark, rough fun house ride by design impostor Philipe Starck. A flickering two-foot high gas torch marks the entrance. Its flames crack the surrounding concrete of the Soviet-style mausoleum façade. Walk sideways in front of the glass to enter - it confuses everyone - and ascend the shoulder-wide three-story escalator to a green-lit low beam lobby entrance. The lobby is practically unlighted and paneled in faux dark wood. The pleasant tee-shirted staff have an attitude of corporate-enforced peppiness. They know you'll be calling about the 15,000 decibels of pulsating bass that makes its way up through the ventilation to your room several floors above. Lurch into the small crowded elevator and hope you can find the right button before you pass your floor. If you manage to see the button in dark, it may be partly covered by the textured wood paneling. As you creep down the narrow charcoal-painted hallways, your back crimps with anticipation at what lies beyond the door to your room. Your animal instincts serve you well. It is not a room - it is a paneled cell, sheathed in more of the same dark fake wood paneling. Do not drop any small valuables. You will not find them again in the dark corners. As everywhere else in the Hudson, the ornamental lighting actually impairs vision. Mr. Starck, a maker of bath faucets and blow molded plastic goods, has managed to backtrack on ninety years of progress in lighting design since Poul Henningsen developed efficient, soft illumination; Starck's weird ornamental fixtures manage to provide glare without illumination. And watch out in the bathroom! because the toilet is only 16 inches from the wall. If you don't bang your shins on your way into the kinky glass shower (please don't ask), you'll smack your head into the tiles when you sit on the pot. Owww. Better slide to the bottom of the bed than getting out on the right side because the wall-mounted TV is waiting to separate your shoulder.Now for that 1:30 AM call to the front desk to get them to turn down the Pink Floyd in concert in the bar. The operator says &quot;no problem&quot;, the hotel manager will speak to the bar manager. Nodding off 25 minutes later in spite of the noise, the hotel security desk calls to inquire about my complaint. Another five minutes later, the front desk calls back to inquire whether the noise level is better. Now it's two in the morning. Is this punishment for the noise complaint? Thanks for the calls. When I speak to the desk manager in person the following day, I am told, between enthusiastic handshakes, that there is no substitute room available for me and that the hotel had vacated the fourth floor as a buffer floor but he would speak to the bar manager… What kind of Hotel keeps its guests awake with loud night club music?!The poor staff - probably artists, writers, grad students, actors - ask timidly &quot;have you enjoyed your stay&quot; and start to apologize before the answer comes. The rooms are not merely small. They are walk-in closets. The whole place is dark and unbearably loud. All very exhausting. Of course you should not stay here. If you think I'm kidding here, go see for yourself some evening and ask to a see a room.	
Mar 9 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed here in August/Sept 2009 and had read all the reviews. We were worried about the noise and the staff. We had a great time, our room was ting but we expected that and it was super clean and modern, the staff were friendly and helpful. We had no noise in our room at all. The Hudson is a great bouitque hotel and is close to everything, we walked everywhere!	
Mar 4 2009 	Great atmosphere and tiny rooms!	The room was just a bed and to get into the shower/toilet, one had to literally squeeze self! After an an exhaustive day, a late check-in 2145hours with an equally early check-out the following day, i just collapsed into bed. Its an expensive hotel with no frills at US$460 bed only that is steep! A noisy place with the subway but again that is New York! Would look elsewhere for cheaper and less hot spots in future. Otherwise desk agent was great, put an anticipated long distance phone call through dispite challenges in pronoucing my name!	
Mar 3 2009 	Tucked Away Trendy Tiny	This would be my 2nd time to stay in the Hudson New York. I picked it again because of it's location, trendiness and at the time of my stay, the price. My room for my 1 night stay was $279, which included 2 beds and a larger bathroom. It's lounge/club downstairs on the lobby level was a ton of fun on a Friday night, great crowd and super music mix. Oh, and the breakfast room service was out of this world! We ordered 4 different things between the 4 of us and it was a superb!	
Feb 28 2009 	Beat Up Tired 	I really want to like this hotel. Still &quot;edgy&quot; and &quot;hip&quot; lobby with friendly staff, but the standard rooms are really worn and need some help. Yes they are really small like a cruise ship and designed for Euros or small people, but are in bad need of refurbishment. Mattress was beat and think it gave us both a rash from bed bugs. Door way and bathrooms need attention. Mirror was cracked. Hallways had musty smell as well as cigarette smoke despite &quot;no smoking&quot; floor. Really bad experience. Needs a tummy tuck and face lift. The hotel needs to have some re-newed energy back.	
Feb 26 2009 	Fabulous hotel and perfect location	I recently stayed at the Hudson Hotel with my best friend. We were in New York for 5 days of shopping and sight seeing. We were a little bit concerned about the hotel because we had read in reviews that the rooms were tiny and it was very dark everywhere.When we arrived the staff were very friendly and our room was lovely...yes it was small but believe me for the amount of time you spend in it it was perfect. The location was amazing with a subway station at the end of the street and Times Square only a few blocks or a short subway ride away. It was dark inside but it was all part of the ambience of the hotel.We didn't eat in the restaurant because there are so many other places to eat but we did use the bar. On Saturday night it turns into a nightclub with a great atmoshere and people even come in from the street to have a drink and party because it's so nice. Overall I would highly recommend the Hudson hotel for a city break.	
Feb 25 2009 	We liked it	So the rooms are about as small as a room can be, so be prepared for it like we were and you won't be disappointed! The bed was pretty small, but the linens were good enough. Room and shower room (no bath) were spotlessly clean. Lots of noise from the street, but you are in New York! Service: We had one incident where the maid took a white top from our room by accident, but we never got it back and this wasn't followed up and the staff didn't seem to care. We went out on the roof terrace and we waited about 20mins to get served (it was a nice wait, though!)The feel of the hotel is very unique - very dark all over (although the room was very light and bright). A nice, funky, trendy, fresh feeling.Location is great, right near the subway and right near central park.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great locationnice rooms shitty bathroom	Next to central park, within walking distance of time square, and almost everything but the village, great locationLobby and hallways hip, stylish, not terribly well lit and warm, but that goes with Starck territory.Room for 4 plenty big enough, elegant and clean.AC incredibly loud (at least you can't hear the noise in the street).Bathroom : no pressure in shower faucet, and bathtub clogged with hair. Yuck!	
Feb 22 2009 	Hip and happening but no substance	Arriving at this place we really didn't think it was a hotel - it is a most bizarre entrance with an escalator up to reception. This is touted as the place to see and be seen - which I'm sure it is...it's just very expensive for the smallest of rooms (we paid $469 per night over new year for a room only marginally bigger than the bed!). Having said that the location was fabulous and the bar was impressive. When we go back we will probably stay somewhere cheaper and less pretentious	
Feb 19 2009 	totally cool experience	My wife and I came to new york for my 50th birthday,and thanks to my wife choosing to stay at the Hudson,it made the trip a memorable experience.Immediately when entering the building you notice how unusual and cool the place is,and how reports of it being dark and moody are quite true but not disturbing.The music/furniture/fittings/bare brickwork/ wooden floors really blend together to create a relaxed feel to the place. Without any hesitation, the staff,all young and extremely courteous,checked us in and we were allocated our room.After having a cocktail in the library room first (awesome)we went to our room (queenstandard)which was compact but really nice.3 nights later though,due to a slight problem with the heating in the room we asked for another room and were upgraded to a deluxe studio on the 23rd flr which was superb,if you can get into one of these or higher, the views are great with more space to move about.Room service was quick and efficient, both supper and breakfast were very good.The restaurant again had a creative menu and was very busy during our stay.All in all we would have no hesitation coming back to the Hudson again when in New York.	
Feb 18 2009 	Modern Hotel	When you first see the hotel from the outside it looks nothing special, with the flames burning at night on the weekends. But go up the yellow lighted escalators to reception and be prepared to be amazed at the design. A picture is attached to my review, but be aware that the corridors are just a dimly lit.Free vend pool table, which is great to pass away an hour.As other travelers stated, the basic rooms are small. You can just move around the room. I had booked three rooms of which the last was upgraded and more than twice as big. Excellent location, just 5 mins walk from Central Park. My only issues were the room safe was not attached to anything, so I could have locked something away, but the burglar could have walked off with the safe!!! I explained this to reception, but in the usual process driven way there was nothing they could do unless I was in the room, how stupid!! Anyway, as I had multiple rooms we just used the safe in another room.	
Feb 17 2009 	Too hip for me	One wonders if Phillipe Starck watched a Tim Burton film festival before designing the public spaces of this hotel. They are striking to look at -- but very, very dark. Hallways are cave-like. Lighting in the front reception area resembles that inside a movie theatre while the feature is showing. Good luck trying to read -- or even to see the face of your companions -- while seated in the lobby, Unlike other reviewers, I was not shocked by the small size of our room -- dimensions are accurately portrayed on the firm's website, and I've stayed in smaller rooms in Europe. The room was clean, stylish, and (somewhat surprisingly) quiet. But it was very snug, and not configured in a way to make computer work or even reading practical, unless one were to do it on the bed. Style often trumps rather than facilitates function here.The hotel is probably ideal for party-hearty 20 somethings, who will enjoy the throbbing hip-hop music that plays in the elevators at night, but older people who enjoy light and space are better off elsewhere.	
Feb 15 2009 	Location is great yes the rooms are small but it's NY	Like other reviewers I agree the rooms were small, but we knew that having read the trip advisor reviews.Along with small rooms, there were a couple of other things that could have improved our stay. The down escalotor to street level was broken, and it wasn't that clear how to get out... other than use the lift.Gym equipment was broken and there are no toilets on the gym level.Breakfast is expensive for the choice/range you get. What you can't fault is the location. First timers to NY we loved the location of this hotel, as we walked to so many things and found the area safe and easy to get to.Although the room was small it was comfortable, very clean, quiet and the toiletries of good quality. Besides we weren't in our room other than to sleep.They also make very good use of the small space and what they manage to get in. Although I suggest you pull both the curtains in the bathroom, so you can't see in from the bedroom!But not so sure about the nightclub in the area off reception that is pumping on a Monday night.!	
Feb 4 2009 	Cave Coffin Jail Cell Dark Loud Terrible Burn Your Money instead!	Think Shawshank Redemption on a bad day. Have you ever wondered what it would feel like to lie in a closed coffin? Or to spend time in a cave or bunker? Another way to describe the hotel rooms here would be to say that this is what it must feel like to be thrown into the trunk of a Yugo and stay there over night. AVOID this place at all costs! Be aware that I am describing the room that is one step above the standard. I shudder at the thought of what the basic room might be like. Run far, far away from it. This hotel used to b a Fordham University dorm, and they have the audacity to charge upwards of $180 for a terribly uncomfortable stay inside of a drawer. This was the pits. The breakfast was also an insult at $27+. Stay away! I would have had more fun burning my money.	
Feb 2 2009	Tiny rooms with very poor air con	We stayed at the Hudson in January and were very disappointed. as regular visitors to NY we were expecting good things from this hotel and frankly we didn't see anything good. The rooms are tiny and I mean tiny. Yes, you wouldnt want to spend a lot of time in a hotel room in NYC but we did expect to be able to move freely around the room. The bathroom was dreadful and your knees touched the wall when you sat on the toilet (and I am very short - 5ft 2). Every night we were kept awake by the antiquated plumbing and air con system which clanked all night. The heating came on at random times and left the room boiling hot. I really couldnt think of anything nice to say about this hotel.	
Jan 31 2009 	a chic youth hostel	This hotel combines a lot of extremes: perhaps the coolest atmosphere for a hotel; the worst front desk service; the most insulting bar markup ($9 Corona beers); the smallest rooms (literally your queen size futon takes up all of the floor space); a wonderful patio and quiet private feeling interior; some of the cheapest rooms in NYC; some of the noisiest out-of-date steam heaters. Choose your poison. If you like design, I'd do it. If you like service and marble bathrooms absolutely stay away.	
Jan 29 2009 	Falling Apart	The poor Hudson Hotel is in need of some refurbishment - it is falling apart.I have just spent four terrible nights in the Hudson Hotel. First night -window broken - freezing cold. Second night, new room, air con would not turn off - baking hot at 5am maintenance came and turned it off. Third night air con would not turn on -8C outside no heat inside, maintenance came to turn it on. Fourth night no hot water, showered in cold water (as did my colleague with her room on a different floor) and checked out. It is rightly placed in Hell's Kitchen it was hell. The staff were lovely, the hotel is bad.	
Jan 28 2009 	Loved the Hudson despite the teeny tiny room	Yes, the rooms are teeny tiny. I would not recommend a standard room for more than one person. However the rooms do make excellent use of the space, the bathroom is well designed, and there is space to hang clothes and store luggage. My only problem with the miniature room was the miniature TV - I would have liked a larger flatscreen TV.I asked for a room on one of the top floors, and as such it got lots of natural light which probably made it a bit more comfortable. My room also had a 'glimpse' of the Hudson River from the window, which was nice. The lobby is spectatcular, and the breakfast included in my room rate was delicious. The lobby bar was a great place for a drink, although typically pricey. The Library was also a great space to relax if you feel a little too claustraphobic in the room, and I was even able to eavesdrop in on a few celebrity interviews taking place there during my stay.Location was excellent, close to the subway and Central Park. The Whole Foods just across the street at Columbus Circle is great for picking up fresh food.The front desk staff were a little disorganised at times, and I occasionally had to wait a while for some things ie my breakfast vouchers. But all in all I would definitely consider staying at the Hudson again if a good rate was on offer.	
Jan 24 2009 	Nice stay but small room...	I stayed in the Hudson Hotel in December for Christmas shopping in New York.I had a nice stay. The food in the restaurant was very delicious. They have a cosy library where we enjoyed a cup of coffee.The room was very small but decorated in a nice way.The service at the reception was not so good.	
Jan 23 2009 	Ok....not very impressed	We stayed for 6 nights in January on our honeymoon. When we first got there it seemed quite cool although my husband said it reminded him of some hostels he had stayed in in South America. Check in was ok but our room was not ready until after 4pm. We supposedly got an upgrade to a superior room, although it was so tiny I don't know how any room could be smaller than that. But it looked ok, if a bit weird. The beds are low and not that big, but adequate. Then the problems started: firstly, the heating didnt work unless you turned it up to 90 degrees, and then it was too hot! It also made a terrible banging noise all night, so I had to wear earplugs. Also, the water never got that hot unless you showered first thing in the morning. And the worst thing was the toilet was not stuck down to the floor, so it banged back down every time you stood up!The corridors are really dark and overheated, its all a bit weird. I think this place focuses too much on its bar and not enough on the guests who are paying to stay there. The staff are helpful if you ask for it. I wouldn't stay here again.	
Jan 21 2009 	Small Rooms	Booked this hotel on Expedia cheap rates for NY. The lobby and bar are great, the restaurant had fabulous food. The rooms however are really small, I felt like I was on a cruise ship in one of those cabin rooms. The desk was something my 6 year old nephew would sit at. Not a great hotel if you are looking to be productive on business. I could see this hotel as a place to crash when you are drunk and just need a place to lay your head down.	
Jan 21 2009 	Loved the Hudson great place to stay in NY!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Hudson in January and we both found it to be a great hotel. We had read several reviews referring to small cramped rooms and unfriendly staff, but found this simply not to be the case.Yes the rooms are small but how much time are you spending in your hotel room while in New york?!! We upgraded the room to a superior and had more than enough room to put our luggage and shopping. I am over 6ft and didn't find the rooms to be that much trouble. The coridoors are dark, but consistent with the rest of the hotel and we did not find them 'dangerous' or 'ridiculous' as previous people have referred to them as.As for the staff, checking in and out was seamless and they were more than happy to help us out at any time, even booking us restaurant reservations and giving out some valuable tourist information.If you're looking for a cool hotel located right next to the park and within easy reach of Times Square and 5th Avenue, then this is the place. The older generation might struggle to get to grips with the low lights and funky bars, but then again, it wasn't designed for the over 50's... no offence!!All in all, its a great place to spend a few days in NYC, while the bars and restaurants in the hotel may be pricey as you'd probably expect it to be ($9 for a bottle of Corona....hmmmmm!!) Its just as easy to pick out some nice restaurants and bars locally and breakfast round the corner in Flames was a great place to go in the mornings.Recommended for young couples and groups of mates looking for a bit of a treat of a stay in a great city.	
Jan 19 2009 	Underwhelming Hotel	Whenever I go to NYC I try to stay at a different hotel. And there is something I like about Morgan's Hotel Group hotels. My impressions usually run from OK to great. But I found the Hudson underwhelming.As with many Morgan's the lobby is a kick. It has the feel of a brick warehouse, with ivy growing all over the ceiling. It's dark, but that's typical. There is loud music playing all day and night. Having a greeter was a nice touch, though she didn't do much but say hello and welcome.Front desk staff was really pleasant and helpful. My room was about the size of a decent walk-in closet. I could barely move around the bed, the workspace just held my laptop. And the dark paneling made it feel even smaller.The bathroom was proportionately small. I could barely move around in it. The water never really got hot, the sink never really shut off. The only nice feature was a big window between the shower and the room so I could watch ESPN while getting clean. The dining space is intersting - same brick as the lobby with long community tables. The food was so-so, and definitely not worth the $30 I paid for the buffet. I was impressed with their gym, which had 3 treadmills and other cardio equipment each with their own TV, and plenty of weight equipment. And it was a big space so it never felt crowded.Location is fine, about 2 blocks from Columbus Circle. And you can't really beat the low room price. But there are much better hotels in NYC, and certainly better Morgan's hotels.	
Jan 19 2009	WOW! would go back tomorrow	I was a bit worried at first knowing that the rooms were quite small, but when i got there they were bigger than i thought! All you need room for is to sleep, store your clothes and to have a shower. The bathroom was a good size and so was the bedroom for that matter, plenty of room. The shower was great! Lovely compfy bed with clean fresh sheets daily and a big flat screen tv etc. The staff and hotel was first class. We were given breakfast vouchers which came in really handy. The location could not have been better, on one side was central park and the other time square. The Hudson bar was fantastic, very busy and popular with a great atmostphere. Very very stylish! Although it was freezing in NYC that time of year, we were lovely and warm in the hotel. We will be going back to the hudson hotel in the summer for sure next time to experience the amazing sky terrace.Thank you all at the hudson hotel for a great stay.	
Jan 16 2009 	small rooms great location	The reviews of Hudson Hotel you find on Tripavisor are basically correct: rooms are small, hotel design is not such a big thing, good location (expecially if you ride the Subway) is absolutely the &quot;plus&quot;.My wife and I needed a clean double room and Hudson satisfied our request. We hoped the rooms were bigger than it seemed from the user pictures... and they were not! (actually New York hotel rooms aren't quite &quot;large&quot;, Hudson was in average, after all).The hotel designer is Philip Starck and his best things are the bar and the lobby (not the rooms). If you like &quot;Gossip Girl&quot; you'll be happy to know that a few scenes were shot at Hudson. Is that enough for their room price? You decide.The staff. They were kind, but somehow they lost our luggage after the check out: we spent 1/2 hour waiting for them to find it. But I still believe it was just a mistake, and mistakes happen. So, don't worry too much about the staff.Three years ago I spent my &quot;New York days&quot; at the Fitzpatricks (on Lexington): it was a smaller hotel, less glossy, and with larger rooms... I liked it more.	
Jan 15 2009 	Now I Know How a Sardine Feels	My son &amp; I stayed at the Hudson for three nights in early January. The room was booked through Priceline at $115/night + fees. A fairly reasonable rate for a well located NYC hotel. Upon arrival, we did upgrade the room for $90/night in order to have more space and two double beds. The base room is approximately 136 Sq.Ft. with one double bed--very very small. In addition, you must live out of your suitcase because there is no furniture with drawers to store your clothes. These are rooms you will never lounge in--you sleep, bathe &amp; get out. I would never select this hotel if given a choice.	
Jan 14 2009 	Don't be afraid! Stay at the Hudson!	Got the Hudson for $100 a night via Priceline (hey, it's January in NYC). I came away knowing I'd give them a great review on TripAdvisor because I think the place gets a bum rap here. After reading reviews here I was concerned, but the reviews actually helped me a lot as far as setting expectations goes. Front desk staff were exceedingly friendly and happily checked me in several hours early since my room was ready (yay). No attitude about me having booked through Priceline at all, which was something others have mentioned. I found the lobby and all the public areas VERY groovy and interesting! I did not find the hallways to be shabby or not well-maintained at all, they were just fine. Dark, of course, but not dirty or any of the other stuff folks have mentioned.And yes, the room was extremely small - I believe it was approx 18 feet from the door to the wall behind the bed, slightly less wide - there is maybe a foot of wiggle room on either side of the bed. More than 1 person in the smallest room would be nearly unbearable in my opinion. Somehow I lucked out and had an actual wall between the center of the room and the shower. I didn't find that the shower curtain stuck to me while showering (lol). Nice Korres toiletries too. The bathroom was just the slightest bit...icky, the ceiling and showerhead looked like they could use a little work but for $100 a night I could hardly complain!The bed was super comfy, but was indeed low to the floor. Not an issue for me. Even though I was on the 19th floor I could hear street noise so definitely bring earplugs to ensure a good night's rest. This is par for the course in New York so it really did not bother me. The heating pipes clicked and clacked a little when the heater fired up but again, nothing I couldn't handle and it died down quickly.I did not go to any of the bars/restaurants at the Hudson because the prices are just outrageous. Hang a left out the front door and have breakfast at The Flame Diner on 9th Ave - it's a classic NY diner that ain't fancy, but the food's good and breakfast was less than $10 every day for me! The Belgian waffles are amazing, try one. :-) The coffee is great too. If you're a Starbucks fan, hang a right out the hotel door and it's just steps away.There's also a giant shopping mall inside the CNN building just down the block, on Columbus Circle. All manner of chain stores plus a small Dean &amp; Deluca foods-to-go area and even a Whole Foods in the basement! Subway of course is available at 59th St/Columbus Circle and you're just steps away from Central Park South.Clientele was mostly young Euros using the hotel as a base. They all seemed happy enough to be in such a groovy place. I did see a few bewildered older folks, as in elderly (lol) and a couple of business travelers but overall the crowd skewed young. No probs at checkout, no phantom charges, and they gave me a keypass to use the PC in the business center to print out my boarding pass - just ask nicely and I'm sure you can do the same.All in all, I would stay here again in a heartbeat for $100/night. If I paid $358/night (the going rate) or even $200 a night for the Hudson I'd probably have wanted to die or (kill someone) when I saw the room size and I'd probably pick severely at every aspect of the hotel. If you normally stay in 4-star digs then stay away because you will be disappointed/upset. But for more easygoing peeps with reasonable expectations of a NYC hotel - and who are on a budget, it really can't be beat.	
Jan 13 2009 	We enjoyed the hotel but some words of caution	Much of what needs to be said about this hotel has been said in other reviews so I will just cover any differentiating factors in my experience and emphasize some main points.I was there is December right before xmas for a little holiday fun. We had two of our three kids with us- two boys one is 13 and the other is a college student at university. I travel on business to NY so I am familiar with the city etc but this was strictly pleasure.Location is a huge plus:The hotel is extremely centrally located which was wonderful for exploring midtown/theater district /5th AVe etc as well as next to the Columbus Circle subway entrace (by which you can go anywhere you want for $2 on the subway. Staff:Staff was extremely courteous, Amy at the front desk went to school at UCSB and we chatted about that. She upgraded our room for a very reasonable fee ( will get to that in a minute). Michael at the door was equally personable. The hotel staff definitely is composed of young hipsters but from check in, to bag storage, to the restaurant/bar, I did not uncover one attitude or any rudeness whatsoever. One front desk clerk was more than happy to hunt down a matchbook for my son who was starting a collection. Room Size:Yes it is very small for a standard room but well configured and well lit. You should note that the standard room comes only with a queen bed. So, if you are two friends planning on sharing a room, or two growing boys etc, this is obviously not ideal. Which brings me to my next point. They upgraded one of our rooms upon request and for $90 to a double deluxe which was very comfortable , I would say even large by NYC standards. My sons stayed in that room with two double beds. We got the room on price line for $150 so even with the upgrade, it was quite reasonable. I would not be happy at all to pay upward of $400 for the standard room. For me, that would not have worked. Otherwise rooms fine, clean, bed comfortable etc. We didnt spend alot of time in our room. If you are there on business, the standard may be too small to actually work and if you are planning on meeting someone there, dont do it in a standard room. NO room whatsoever, the surroundings are intimate. Words of caution/things to note:Hotel lobby is extremely dark, I kid you not about this one. Your eyes literally adjust when you get up the escalator. They are going for some type of atmosphere/ feeling concept etc. So be prepared and if you are not a &quot;young 50&quot; or younger, you may want to rethink this unless you are in the art/design/fashion business, then you will probably get the whole thing, We liked it. I am 42, my husband is 54. Not a problem for us. Our kids were thrilled with the swanky atmosphere. The techno music they play one of the nights in the bar is annoying but that is minor and comes from an outside group that uses the space.Restaurant/Bar-Very pricey. My son had dinner with a friend there and said the food was fine in the &quot;cafeteria&quot; but he thought overpriced, hey this is NY. I went to the library. Again, I loved the space /concept, may not be for everyone. I found it to be warm and inviting but $20 for a glass of wine seemed outrageious, even by NY standards. And they would not let my son in who is 13 which seemed kind of odd given it is not a bar but more a public spot that one can get a drink as well.The area on top was closed and I was disappointed not to see that as I am sure it would be worth a trip up there during the spring/summer.One other note, the heating was up way too high in the hallways near the rooms. It felt like you were in a furnace room but we didnt mention that because we didnt stay in the hotel that long much less in the hallways for any period of time.All in all, it was a very good stay.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great start bad end never go back	We loved the look of this hotel and knew that the rooms were going to be small after reading reviews, but the area and price were too good to pass up. The hotel is definitely different, but a fun vibe for young people. We had the weirdest and most unprofessional thing happen at the end of our trip though, so we will never go back. Upon looking for the room hairdryer one night and not being able to find it we had to call down for another. It was not until the next morning when I was packing to check out that I found the hairdryer stuffed into nearly the bottom of my suitcase. Our room had been cleaned while we were out the previous day, so I can only assume that the cleaner put it in there. When we told the front desk this, they took all of the information, seemed serious about it and helped us check out. We had to call back 3 times in order to find out what happened (from Canada) and they dismissed us like we were the crazy ones. On top of that, the front desk girl told us, as we were going out sight seeing for the remainder of our day, that after we had checked out that we would not be charged anymore valet time. This was apparently untrue as I received an extra day valet charge for having been in the parking garage during the time the front desk said we could be. They need to get their people straight. If you want to classify yourselves as an upscale hotel, then act like it when customers have issues with some pretty big things. They could not have cared less that one of their staff went through our bags.	
Jan 12 2009 	Small roomsmall bath....	Got this room thru priceline-it was the best available for the price I was aiming for.Was very surprised about how small this room really was.I have seen reviews of other hotels that Ive stayed and people saying they were small.Well they havent stayed at the Hudson to know what small really is!Bed was near the floor and not much space to put your luggage if there are two people.Didnt like the bathroom because of the glass wall-shower curtain separating the bath from the bedroom.Also when your in the shower the curtains tend to blow inward so less space in the shower.Also the way the sink is designed there is really no wher to put your stuff when getting ready.On the upside nice bath items to use.Loved the soaps!Not to far from Times Square but if your with a senior citizen like I was,we needed to take a taxi back and forth because it was to long or her to walk.The doormen were very quick in getting us Taxi's though.No long wait.The hotel had very good security as on the weekend we were asked to show our keys before getting on the elevator.Lobby was very nice but a little dark as were the halls getting to the room.I would go back to this hotel only if I was by myself or was able to get a larger room.But if you like being in close quarters with someone you wouldnt mind the rooms.Another upside the rooms were kept very clean!	
Jan 12 2009 	Great Hotel	Hi,I stayed in the Hudson with my husband for my 30th birthday, 7th of Jan - 11th. On arrival it was exactly the same as the reviews, i.e. the lobby and the lighting, I would however say that the staff were very friendly, we were given our room keys straight away, staying on the 23rd floor. My first impression of the room, was it was slightly, I mean slightly, bigger then expected. The prices of the food, drink and everything else as per previous reviews is way too expensive, which is a pity, but it makes you go outside a lot, an example we bought 2 drinks, 1 cocktail + 1 bottle of beer, total inc tip $27 in the Hudson Bar, and in a very high end Rest, Olive Garden, a big glass of lovely wine was $7 per glass and beers around the same, and the Olive Garden is in the middle of Times Square. The Bed was very comfy, and the room was spotless, the shower head was as per previous reviews a little stained looking and I felt for such an arty hotel, you would expect really high end fittings, but it was fine. The only other problem was the noise of the plumping... every time someone in the room next to you used either the shower or toilet, the pipes made some really weird and loud noises. I think also the senser on the TV is so sensitive that if someone else changes their channel, yours will change also.. ours switched by itself a few times. I would stay there again, because it looked so nice and the location was excellent, and of course a comfy bed, but only if I got a good deal. Loved NYC. Dee	
Jan 11 2009 	Buyer Beware	We visited NYC over the Christmas Holiday and booked our hotel through Priceline. Because I had read many online reviews, I was prepared for a VERY SMALL room. The room size met expectations. We bid 170 dollars for the room and with taxes &amp; fees, we paid about 200 a night. Priceline rates this place with 3 and a half stars; shame on Priceline...I expected more with this rating. Upon check-in, we requested a non-smoking room on an upper level. The staff accommodated. We had been warned through reviews that if you are on a lower floor it can be noisy because of the bar below. When we called ahead of time with these requests, we were told that we had to call Priceline...saying that usually you call the hotel directly, but in the case of the Hudson, you call Priceline. Priceline was required to tell us that such requests (a non-smoking room &amp; upper level floor might mean additional charges!!) They did not. When we requested an upgrade to a king size bed at check-in, we were told it would cost an extra 60 dollars a night; we declined. We thought our bed would be a double, but thankfully it was a queen; no extra charge! The bed in this very small room was very low to the floor, presenting a challenge getting out of it. The room safe was level with the floor, requiring that you get down flat on the floor to use it. It was a challenge opening luggage, but I managed to put a couple of decoartive barrels together to serve as a luggage stand. There was a rack for the other bag.Please do not stay here if you expect to sleep at night...the steam pipes creaked and crackled every time the heat came on. I asked if the engineer could check this and was told that the building was SO OLD that it was impossible to stop the noise. The technicians checked it anyway and nothing changed. I solved the problem somewhat, by running the fan continuously so I would not be awakened every time the heat came on. It was very cold in NYC during our stay so the heat came on regularly.There is absolutely no sign outside indicating that you are approaching the Hudson Hotel (we were walking from the subway stop;) you had better know the exact address with exact numbers or you will pass it by. The escalator takes you up to a dark hotel lobby, rather depressing...the hotel room corridors are very dark and narrow and downright dangerous.The bathroom was small but it worked; there were a few small shelves for toilettries. Only once did I have to kill a cockroach crawling in the tub.I was charged for an item from the mini bar which I did not take; I called later when I discovered the charge and the billing office removed it with no argument. It had not appeared on the bill under the door at the morning of chek-out. We had a deposit of 35 dollars per umbrella (we used two) placed on our bill in case we did not return them. We did!The hotel has a great location, near Columbus Circle, subway stations, (we never took a cab...) Starbucks, cafes for breakfast, a large mall, called The Time Warner, (I think.)The concierges were VERY HELPFUL. Thorough, friendly.We would not return to the Hudson Hotel. When friends ask us where we stayed, we are embarrassed to say...by chance, they are familiar with the place!	
Jan 10 2009 	Darkest hotel with the smallest room ever!	The Hudson Hotel is supposedly chic, but we found it only to be seriously overpriced for the smallest room we have ever stayed in--too small for two average-sized people to pass by each other. The &quot;ambience&quot; of this hotel may be suitable for ghouls and goths, but definitely not for a 60-ish couple who appreciate light and space. I actually walked into a glass door because of the oppressively dark surroundings! There was literally no public space in the hotel with enough light that I could easily read a newspaper. The only chair in our room was an uncomfortable cold metal one. The room itself was nothing more than a bed with a 15-18&quot; floor space around it. In fact I had difficulty getting out of the foot-high bed without hitting my head on the wall-mounted TV above it. Our experience in the Hudson is enough to convince us not to continue to use Priceline.com. Priceline should not allow the Hudson to pick up bids from middle-aged customers in their &quot;name your own price&quot; deal. We'll not chance being burned again as we were this time. The only redeeming features of the Hudson are location and a friendly young staff, who were unfailingly courteous. Ron, Louisville, KY	
Jan 8 2009 	great location - good hotel	i work in a travel agaent so had admired the look of this hotel from afar when i suddently got the chance to go with a friend. ive been to new york before and know the area quite well and this hotel has an excellent location. The taxi found it no problem and when we arrived it was late at night and the the hotel was buzzing with people in and out of the hudson bar. The bar is definately worth the visit, the ceiling pictures are fab and although the drinks are a little on the pricey side they make up for it in the size!!You have colombus underground station almost opposite for the tube around nyc and times square is 15mins walk, 5th avenue 10mins if that.The rooms are on the small side even by ny standards but they are stylish and comfortable for the amount of time you spend in them with flat screen tv and ipod docks, the only thing it lacks is a wardrobe with doors.I would definately recommend this hotel. x	
Jan 7 2009 	A Mismatch in Design	I had tickets to the Met so focused on Central Park South using Priceline. The price I got was a very attractive $135/night for me and my wife. I consider myself a fairly sophisticated traveler with worldwide experience. And despite the rate of $135/night I assumed the three star rating would be for an average size room. Wrong! I expect the small size of the rooms should cause the rating to be reduced as my interpretation of a three star rating is for a room much larger than I received. The &quot;mismatch&quot; description refers to the small size of the room but with amenities you might expect from a four star property: paneled walls, way above average (funky) lighting fixtures, bath fixtures way above average for the sink but a single electrical outlet on the wall opposite the sink (if you have a short cord on a razor, hair dryer, etc, make sure you bring an extension cord).What I resent most of all were the packaged &quot;gifts&quot; which, once opened were charged to your room. The small warning that the &quot;gifts&quot; were for sale was easily overlooked. A package of two CD's is one example which I opened before seeing the warning. The price was $30. I complained to the front desk and the charge was removed. The hallways in the hotel are very narrow and the obvious design was to see how many rooms could be carved out of the given space. I would stay here again if the room was used only for the bed. But if I had work to do in the room, it would have been too small to tolerate for more than two days. In fact the desk at the foot of the bed was very small with no convenient electrical outlet for a laptop. This hotel would not be a repeat for me and my wife unless the rate was similarly discounted to other options. The difficulty, of course, is that I used Priceline and could not review the hotel prior to making an evaluation. The hotel’s web site touts this hotel as one of the most luxurious hotels in New York City. This must be a joke.	
Jan 4 2009 	Not My cup of Tea	My initial thoughts on arrival at the hotel were that although unusual the frontage was strangely atractive but was looking a little tired. This continued on inbto the hotel, the escalators had broken down and the green paintwork was heavily marked and looked somewhat dirty. A short trip in the lift took my wife and I up to a very dark reception with a ceiling covered with ivy and some interesting lighting and impresive chandeliers, on booking in we requested a room upgrade and were given a free upgrade to a deluxe room. A trip up in the lift took us to a dark and dingy looking corridor with strange lighting, the paintwork was tired and the carpets had seen better days. The &quot;upgraded&quot; room way very, very small, to put this in perspective it was without doubt the smallest room I have ever had in a hotel in my travels. The low bed and mirrors were intent on creating the illusion of space but not even this could make the room feel any bigger than a shoe box. In the morning we upgraded the room further to a suite, at a cost of $90 a night. After an interesting breakfast in the &quot;school hall&quot; set out of the breakfast room. We went up to the suit to find a slightly larger room with a slightly larger bathroom, this room was no more than an average sized room and with the extra cost was a very expensive average room. The bags had also not been moved from our other room and after requesting this happen a further 2 times i got the bags myself with my old keycard i had fortunately kept hold of. The best thing about the hotel was the location and a very Funky bar, although the cost of drinks in the bar made this a one visit bar.	
Jan 4 2009 	Fab Hotel Very Funky	I must say I was very worried when i read the reviews on this site but im pleased to say I had a great time at this hotel.The rooms are small I suppose but not uncomfortable so the staff were great when i spoke to them,which i do admit was not alot I was too busy out having fun.The location is fabulous a 5 minute walk to Central Park and a 15 minute walk to Times square with lots of things to eat and see on the way(Broadway etc).Overall i had a great time and would go back again for sure.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great location but it has its problems...	This hotel is striking when you walk in and you can tell the people at reception know that!!! The lighting is slightly annoying but makes it look cool so thats fine. The location is really fantastic, you cannot get lost and can easily walk to all the main shopping/eating places (the subway is also across the road). The room was very small but to be honest it didnt bother us as much as other people on here. There were a couple of issues with the bathroom plumbing which were sorted out fairly quickly but the really big issue was the noise - we had to wear ear plugs until around 4am for quite a few nights because of the club downstairs. We ate at the hotel cafeteria one night which has a great feel to it but was not worth the expense when there are so many restaurants in New York (around £130 for 2 courses and 2 drinks!!). Overall, our trip to New York was so great that we put up with some of the issues but we wouldnt stay there again. ps. i have also found out today that they have just added a random charge of about £30 to my bill a few days after we checked out for no apparent reason....apparently they are famous for this.	
Jan 2 2009 	Hudson Hotel - Better than Expected!	I have traveled to many places and seen many hotel rooms but nothing as unusual as this. This is a good thing since NYC can be hectic, especially around New Years Eve when I stayed. I decided to stay at the hotel at the recommendation of a colleague who used to stay at the Hudson while traveling to NYC. I was not disappointed upon arrival but admit was a tad apprehensive after reading the negative reviews on TripAdvisor.First off, the hotel is on 58th Street just behind the Time Warner Center off Columbus Circle. Columbus Circle's subway stop is convenient to have since it is only a few stops northward from Penn Station or Times Square on the 1, A, or C subway lines However, be on the look out for a fluorescent yellow doorway while walking on 58th Street since the hotel is unmarked. Second, the hotel lobby looks like something of a rainforest complete with wooden furniture and ivy. You will enjoy the bright yellow escalator getting there since it feels like a futuristic voyage. The hotel staff checking in was most accommodating despite the large crowds. I arrived at the hotel early and they got me a room within 30 minutes which was completely understandable given the chaos of New Years. The bellhops were also courteous in asking if I needed help with luggage but I declined since I only had an overnight bag with me. Even the maitre d' offered to help with luggage, something not usually seen. Third, comes the subject of getting to the room and the room itself. Yes, as other reviewers noted, the hallways are a bit dark, but it feels like a crypt in a fun, eerie sort of way. Again, this adds to the ambience. The room is small but it is NYC after all. The lights had a very cool modern design, comfortable furniture, and plush bathroom amenities. It felt like being in a cruise ship room except without being seasick.Fourth, the restaurants are a tad expensive in the Hudson but are worth the money. If you like less expensive options then walk outside the hotel onto 9th Avenue and you will see a Europa Cafe and the Flame Diner. CVS, Starbucks, and a supermarket are on 9th Avenue a half block north of the hotel for convenience. Tip: Buy bottled water at CVS or the supermarket instead of using the one &quot;conveniently&quot; placed in the room.Fifth, the Library and Hudson Bars are great places to have drinks with a good mix of young and old patrons. For a quieter time, check out the Library Bar and cozy up with a book or a game of pool. Note: The Hudson Bar gets VERY crowded around 7:30 P.M. or so.Sixth, checkout was a breeze. The Hudson even offered to store luggage for you for a nominal charge despite checking out while you explore the town and catch some last minute sights. This beats having to lug baggage around.In summary, the Hudson will see a repeat visit from me. The hotel truly felt like a getaway from the grind that is NYC. I did not get to the awesome rooftop lounge since it is closed in the winter but look to revisit in the warmer months. (Extra Tip: Take the C subway line to Fulton Street, then walk 1 block west to Church Street, turn left onto Church and walk about a block south to reach the Century 21 department store downtown. The store has good deals on designer clothes if you know your brands and prices but shop early to avoid the crowds of tourists. Recall that the C subway line stops at Columbus Circle.)	
Jan 2 2009 	Great Hotel great Location and staff	We really enjoyed our stay at the Hudson Hotel. Before arriving we were afraid that the rooms would be to small but they were just fine. The room was at the 19th floor with a fantastic view and almost no noise from below.Our bathroom was seperated from the actually room through a door and we had enough space for three big bags.A plus was the flatscreen TV.The staff was great too. Fast check in/out, quick reservations and always helpfull.The location of the Hudson is a big plus. 2 min. away from the Central Park, Subway and Colmbus Circle.I would book the Hudson with out a second thougt and can highly recommend it.	
Jan 2 2009 	A bit lost in a great location	I spent 4 days in NYC for New Year's and booked this hotel at the very last minute through Priceline, for about €230 a night. I had a quick read through Tripadvisor before setting off, and this is probably the most accurately commented hotel of any of those I've stayed in.The location of the hotel is excellent, more or less on Central Park, and only 100m from the Columbus Circle subway, which is on the vital red line. You're never far from anything when staying here.And the unusual style of the hotel is quite nice too. The lobby is very impressive, and the low-lighting throughout does add a certain ambience that you don't normally get in hotels. It does feel like you're in a member's club rather than a hotel. Heating was at full tilt, and seeing as we were in minus temperatures outside, it was always nice to step inside.Check in was very straightforward. The rooms are tiny. If anything over the bare minimum required by a traveller is provided, we're talking about in inches rather than feet. Don't let this put you off though - apart from the lack of a bath, there isn't anything you can't do in one of these rooms that you might do in a suite. So all in all, that's quite good so far, and given the price for the time of year, I really wouldn't complain.Instead, I'd recommend. People staying in the hotel over the week seemed almost all to fall in the economy to mid-range traveller brackets. And I'd imagine that most of these folks took one look at the price list and never spent a single cent on the premises. I risked a bottle of beer one evening and got stung for $9. Which, like everything in the hotel, just isn't worth it.And due to the way the hotel is arranged, it is possible to enter and exit your room without crossing the lobby or encountering a member of staff. So with residents not spending any money, and residents not meeting or even visiting the communal areas, there is no hotel experience here for most guests. It's just a well-positioned, small room in New York.Why a hotel would take this strategy is beyond me. There is a potential four-figure audience for facilities staying each night, but they're all down the road in Starbucks, or another eatery.The premium they're earning on each item is surely dwarfed by the earnings they're losing by outpricing their core audience.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great Location Room Small but hey its NEW YORK!	When I found out I was staying at this hotel, I knew what I was getting into based on the review here. I was happy that I took a taxi. I'm sure I would still be looking for it, since the hotel has no marquee or sign of any kind. You just have to &quot;know&quot; its there.PRO and CON of the hotel.....Pro: * Great Location... close to the Columbus subway station, a Starbucks, Central Park (and Tavern on the Green!), to the Lincoln Center and a great Whole Foods market!! (The soup at Whole Food sure hit the spot on a cold day, and the price is downright cheap!)* The subway has the route which took us directly to JFK/ AirTrain. * Clean Room, Large bath, Central AC, great Shampoo and soap! (but see the con)* Nice staff. I requested a quiet room, and got what I wanted. The conceirge printed my Delta boarding pass for me... free of charge. Very courteous, dispite the chaos around them.Con:* The interior of the hotel is very dark. Perfect for vampires, but if you want bright and cheery, this is not for you! * Small room: I was in room 1601 which was very basic, and I was glad I packed light. The room had a &quot;closet&quot; with 8 hangers, a double bed, and a fair size bathroom. I think the bathroom was the same size as my sleeping quarter. NO drawers, so I ended up living out of my suitcase. * Thin walls. My neighbor dropped a coin or something metal on his floor and I could have sworn he was in my room!* Not the best lighting in the room. Like the lobby, the light is geared for vampires. If you turn on all the light in the room, it'll get real hot. Lucky you have central AC* Expensive if you eat there... but hey, you're in NYC and there's so much to do outside the hotel. (We found a great Italian place called Manga e Bevi on Ninth Avenue and 53rd Street. Reasonable and FUN!)* Hard to find if you don't know what to look for.Overall I give it 4 out of 5 stars. I'd stay there again if it were just me and my spouse. New York has so much to see and do, why bother staying in side the hotel?? The price on hotwire was decent and I stayed there during Christmas. No real complaints here!	
Dec 29 2008 	Bring a Sense of Humor	Read the reviews. All true. The good: Great location right at Lincoln Center. Asked for and was cheerfully given an upgrade. Had a king room with two windows. Lobby has hip vibe. The not-so-good: Our upgraded room had about 2 feet on either side of the bed and about 1 foot to clear the end of the bed. Can't imagine what the original room looked like. I'm 5' tall and my knees touched the wall when using the loo. Absolutely no room for anything. You better be very good friends with your roommate as you can lay in bed and watch them showering and doing all their bathroom chores through the glass wall and sheer curtain. Halls are dark and not as clean as they ought to be. And yes, it's noisy and drafty. Priceline lists this as a 3-1/2 star hotel. I'd give it 2 stars. You can do better.	
Dec 28 2008 	Liar Liar pants on fire!!!	We booked our room at the Hudson Hotel using Priceline and were able to get a really big discount off of the price posted on their website. The lobby was very hip, however, a little on the dark side. Our room was adequate, although as mentioned by previous reviewers, a little on the small side. We did have room to put a suitcase on each side of the bed and still had room to move around. Overall, our stay was enjoyable, until check-out. On the morning of our departure, we found a bill under our door outlining incidental charges for our stay. As we had pre-paid with Priceline, we were not expecting any additional charges. We were very surprised to find that we had been billed for 3 pay-per-view movies @ 18.95 each and an item from the mini-bar @ 7.50. We did not watch any movies or take anything from the mini-bar. The staff at the front desk was not helpful at all and said that their system was accurate and that we would have to pay those charges. We asked to speak to a manager and were told that the manager would tell us the same thing. We were rather surprised that they would be so inflexible in dealing with our problem. The manager did finally come over to assist with our problem. We asked which movies we had supposedly watched and what time we had watched them. We also asked what item we supposedly had taken from the mini-bar. We offered to present them with receipts from restaurants, ticket stubs from shows, and subway receipts as proof that we were not in our room very much during our stay. We were told that they had no way of pulling up movie titles or times, only that we had watched 3 movies. The manager did finally agree to remove 2 of the movie charges and the mini-bar item, but still insisted on charging us for the third movie. What horrible customer service!!! He acted like he was doing us a huge favor by removing the charges. Instead, it was obvious that he didn't believe us. I have had incorrect charges on hotel bills in the past, but in all of my other experiences the charges were removed without question. Needless to say, this experience completely ruined our impression of this hotel. While I would have been quick to recommend the Hudson Hotel prior to check-out, I would never go back after basically being called a liar!	
Dec 27 2008 	The best funky hotel I ever stayed	I already read a lot of bad stuff about this hotel, but I stayed there on thanksgiving week and I loved!!!! One of the best funky hotel that I ever stay. I'm architect and I agree that the rooms are small, but why do you want a big room with you are in NYC?!?! Go out!!! The design is amazing, the staff is really great, the lounge at night is wonderful party every night. The place smells glamour and cool luxury!!!!	
Dec 26 2008 	ok for the $	this hotel was ok. it took over an hour for my room to be ready. we paid for an upgrade but never got one. the lobby was under construction and it was a pain to get anywhere. the rooms were tiny. they werent so clean. for my purposes, it was very far west. if you are going to do broadway, then it is a great location. very loud but close to the shows. everything i did was on the east side so it was far. hotel was very loud inside. make sure you do not have a garden room on a sat night....you hear everything!!	
Dec 26 2008 	pretentious and poor value	This hotel prides iteself on being &quot;hip&quot; but it is merely pretentious. Their &quot;standard&quot; room is smaller than most closets I've seen. The halls are so dark you can barely see to put the keycard in. The bathroom provides very low light including a lighted makeup mirror whose lighting is set for crypt level. What they call a &quot;canteen&quot; are merely vending machines and don't come close to what they like to call &quot;a whimsical Concierge floor&quot;...even Motel 6 offers tea and coffee service in the rooms...this place doesn't. When first checking in we remarked that there was no name or number on the building and were told &quot;if you don't know where it is you don't belong here&quot;. The towels were good quality and the front desk staff were pleasant, however. The location is great.	
Dec 26 2008 	Doesn't meet its own high opinion of itself	This hotel is trying desperaely to be cutting edge. hence the dark corridors and rooms. Advice: bring a flashlight so you can see the contents of your suitcase.When I arrived it was chaos outside and I had to drag my own cases into the lobby (on a bitter cold evening after a 12 hour flight - no I wasn't happy). When I left the next afternoon I had to hail my own cab outside and drag my bags out again as it was chaos once again.Check in was efficient but perfunctory. When I eventually found my room down endless litter-strewn dark hallways I found it was occupied. Back to the front desk where they gave me another room, supposdely an &quot;upgrade&quot; which I think meant on a higher floor, not a larger room. Street noise was loud. Room tiny. This hotel needs to focus on guest service rather than decor and trying to be hip. I got a good rate and would be much more unhappy if I'd paid the regular rate. Don't think I'd stay here again unless it was a great deal.	
Dec 20 2008 	Warning! Proceed with caution	Firstly I have stayed in some wonderful hotels around the world including &quot;to cool for school places like the Hudson. Like other reviewers the bar areas are good but £100 for 8 drinks (not champers) is a little on the &quot;rich&quot; side.The staff as well on the whole were good and the concierge was great.Now the important stuff,* They only had the queen delux room we booked with a shower when we needed a bath, and by the generator so a terrible noise (ask if you are on the 4/5/6th floors its noisy. So they put us in their standard room, for one night and then upgraded us to a studio on the second (nice I thought). The standard room is a joke. No where to put suitcases and I could not fit through the bathroom door without going side on (I'm not overly wide!). We were there with friends and they also tried to pass a standard room off as a deluxe with them - they were moved and not happy.In our first night room (2345) the coat hook was falling off, the bath tap fell off, the caravan effect wood pannelling was loose on the on the door frame, the spot light was coming away from the ceiling, the shower rail had screw holes protuding where they had messed up the installation. I have to say as well in our shoe box the I really did not see the &quot;design&quot; theme in the artex ceiling. The beds were single matress on a frame ( sheets were good), towels were YMCA size and qualityIt was just a shoddy, claustrophobic, cynical attempt to house those people who get so nailed in the bars the wouldnt notice the room size and quality.The hallways were dark and two fire exit signs on the 23rd floor were loose.On the second night the &quot;studio&quot; room was a reasonable size for a normal room. Apparantly having a &quot;seating area&quot; (read a two person sofa at the back of the room) made it a studio. The room was 1617. Better fitting in this room, but a floor board was raised and there looked to be damp or sometype of poor fix over the shower and the bed springs in the wire frame bed were noisyNow the piece that really sealed the fate of this hotel from our perspective.Our friends were staying in the hotel and I thought to buy them a botttle of champers on room service ($165 for a bottle of Veuve anyone?) My wife bought another present for them, so I asked to cancel the bottle (I had signed). It was not opened and in perfect condition and our friends were were not in the room, so it could have been retrieved. Two managers told me I had signed and they would not take it back, even though I requested this 10mins after signing and I offered to pay the $18 service and $4 delivery charge. I'm still in dispute on this one. (There were 3 other disputes going on as we checked out)I know this is long but I wanted to be precise and descriptive.In summary, over priced, poor quality, cynically small rooms, but with generally nice staff. Stay somewhere else and if you really m ust, enjoy the bar.	
Dec 18 2008 	Hip but cramped not good for business travel	This was my second stay at the Hudson. First the good things. Lobby, restaurants, and bar are very hip and fun. View from the rooftop is awesome. Location is super. No coffee pot in the room, but Time Warner Center is right across the street and Starbucks is a block away. Very close to Central Park and Lincoln Center. Also, the bed was like a big fluffy futon (on a wooden platform) but really comfortable.I heard a lot of European accents on elevator, so this must be a favorite for international travelers.Now the not so good. Staff is so caught up in being hip they forget they're supposed to take care of guests. (However, the bellmen are super -- they offered to lock up my computer in their safe while I was in meetings.)The regular rooms are smaller than the inside cabin of a cruise ship. If you sit on the toilet in the bathroom, you bump your knees against the opposite wall. Really, it's that small. If you're alone, it's not so bad. Last time I was there with my spouse for 3 days and it got very tight. There's no place to put a 2nd suitcase, so we had to put it on the floor beside the bed and step on it to walk around.Hallways are painted charcoal gray and you feel like you're moving through a cave. A little creepy. I also had so much cold air and noise from the window I checked to see if it was open. Bring earplugs if you want to sleep.This is not an easy hotel for a business traveller. The business center was OK (4-5 computer stations, 2 printers, unattended). I went there at 8:30 PM to print out my presentation for the next morning and the b/w printer was out of toner. I didn't get this message until I had swiped my credit card and paid for 15 minutes of computer time. The concierge said &quot;Well I don't know how soon I can get someone up there&quot; (sounded like she was yawning). I told her I would come to her desk and use her printer. She didn't refuse, and she requested a refund for my card. After all that, my card was charged double the quoted rate and I had to make multiple calls to get it credited. I think they're much more concerned with running the swanky bar than with keeping their business travellers comfortable. They make a lot more money from the bar. Just something good to know if you're trying to work from your room.The business travellers in my office love Le Parker Meridien. Cost was only $25 more than the Hudson. Next time that's where I'll go.	
Dec 17 2008 	Think twice	Hi all,We stayed at this hotel during our honeymoon and would like to warn other before doing so. The rooms are very small for the price you pay, the staff are not that friendly and we had a piece of jewellery go missing from our room. Even worse our attempts to report the missing jewellery were treated like a joke by reception and security and despite filing 4 reports with hotel security and follow up calls, we are still waiting on a response. I have asked to speak to a hotel management and keep being put through to security who take down my details and say they will get back to me (which has not occurred once).Would you feel safe leaving your personal belongings here?	
Dec 15 2008 	Terrible Horrible Sleepless and Bugs	What an awful experience at the Hudson! Lets see- the first room had a cock roach in it (waited 20 minutes to speak to a manger who never came out nor followed up on this). Second room- smelled like smoke (which the front desk never mentioned), the heater was broken, a shelf was falling off in the bathroom, and the floor was bubbled and sinking by the bathroom.  Third room- another broken heater but this one sounded like someone was inside banging a wrench on the pipes all night!!! plus the mini bar was barely stocked (which we took a picture of and made a copy of all the things that were missing so we would not be held responsible for it).  Check-out FINALLY a manager &quot;had time&quot; to discuss the situations with us and comp our parking- a whole $110. Two nights, three horrible rooms and then.... when I checked my credit card at the end of the week there was a $94.24 charge from the Hudson- for the mini bar!! **DO NOT STAY HERE! the lobby and lounge were beautiful (but maybe they should put some of the money back into keeping up with room maintenance), the concierge and valet amazing- but the rest of the headaches are not even comparable to be worth it. Jennifer Price	
Dec 15 2008 	Super Cool Spot	I've stayed in several places in NY but this has to be the coolest spot in the city. Ok, the rooms are a little on the small side and the lobby area can feel more like a nightclub after dark, but that's what makes this place so funky. Prices are on the high side (especially for us poor Brits now) but it's a great location near Central Park. There's an awesome little diner across the road (Flames) which serves great comfort food at really low prices. So much is within walking distance from here - I'll definitely be coming back here on my next trip.	
Dec 15 2008 	Just Okay - Location makes up for some negatives	The location is great - super-close to Columbus Circle, Central Park, Broadway, and we walked to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and more. The hotel was a safe and somewhat clean place to sleep. We were treated respectfully but indifferently by most of the staff, but the bellhops were really great. Beyond that I don't have much good to say. I get that the decor is supposed to be funky, modern, and edgy, but it is downright weird in two areas - the outside of the hotel and the hallways. Outside there is no sign, no indication at all that it is a hotel. It's a good thing our taxi driver knew where he was going. Look at the photo on the hotel website and take away the bright yellow lights and cleanliness, and that's what it looks like. The entire hotel is much too dark. Seriously consider taking a flashlight along!!! The hallways are yuck. Very tight, very dark, almost scary - painted a dark gray color from floor to ceiling, trim to doors. You can't even tell where the elevators are because they are painted the same dark color as everything else and have no lighting. They felt dirty, too. It seemed like they were super-dark to hide how run-down and dirty they were. The hotel's website says the rooms are modeled after ship cabins. The teeny tiny size is the only thing about the rooms that resemble ship cabins. The hallways are definitly like the hallways of a navy submarine! Our room was one of the bigger ones in that it had space at the end of the bed, side tables, and a tiny desk and chair. The pillows and matress were worn out, the floor was very dusty, and the windows were useless to keep out the cold wind and noise. The heater was loud and clangy too. The bathroom was ridiculously small, though clean enough. We had to sit sideways on the toilet because there wasn't enough room for our knees the regular way. To get into the teeny shower, we had to climb over the toilet. I really didn't like this hotel b/c doesn't come near the descriptions on the company webiste, and because it is sooo dark!!! But the location is great.	
Dec 13 2008 	It's Okay.	It is a hip hotel but has really small rooms. It is walking distance from central park and restaurants and a short cab ride to go shopping. Christine Baranda	
Dec 11 2008 	overrated	We paid via Expedia and paid far more than the rate shown on the website.The manager refused to address our concerns or to offer a discount because he said we had booked through Expedia.The rooms were dark,poorly equipped with no electical socket near a mirror and one of the three rooms we stayed in was next to the control A/C generator and was very very noisy all night.In our third room the heating broke down,in mid winter too.The worst element was the state and size of the bathrooms.A bath so small you had to squat in it,a toilet so crammed in that your knees hit the wall when you sat down.No space to put any toiletries and overall a disgrace.This ex girls dormitory hotel passes itself off as quaint and trendy.The public rooms may just pass but the 3 rooms that we stayed in were all sub standard and we were charged £350 per night.We are still fighting for a refund.Take my advice avoid this hotel at any price.	
Dec 10 2008 	The Hudson - Hip Hop And Happenning!	Well, what can I say about the Hudson that hasn't already been said?...This is quite possibly the funkiest hotel I have ever stayed in. It's in a great location close to Central Park and Columbus Circle subway station and has some great ameneties nearby (diners/drug store etc). The bar and restaurant are great and the welcome you get is outstanding...As for the food...WOW!Yes, the rooms are small but let's face it, you're in a city that never sleeps so what else do you need apart from a bed to rest your weary head after a hard day/night?!	
Dec 9 2008 	A waste of money - I ended up with a black eye the room was so small	We booked this hotel for a weekend break in New York. When I arrived the doorman was very friendly and efficient, I was very impressed. Sadly that was the best experience I had at the hotel. I arrived at the check in desk alone, my partner was arriving an hour after me. They asked for a credit card, I didn't have one but said my partner would be along in one hour to check in and that they could have the card details then. I was told I couldn't check in until I had a credit card or a $150 deposit. I was very tiered after a long trip and very angry at being treated like I'd empty the mini bar and do a runner in one hour. We had just paid £1200 for a 4 night stay, I was not impressed.I finally managed to check in leaving a $100 deposit (all I had on me) and arrived at my room. On the Hudson website it says styled on cabins from an old fashioned yacht, they forgot to mention the room was the size of a cabin on a yacht, tiny. I ended up with a black eye after getting out of bed and smacking my eye on the TV on the wall as it was so close to the bed!Next the bathroom, absolutely tiny, I'm only 5ft tall and quite small. Sitting on the loo my knees nearly touched the wall in front. The shower head in the shower was absolutely black with scum (looked like it had never been cleaned) and the base of the bath had worn away to reveal the concrete underneath the enamel. There were hairs all up the walls and around the bath too.As for dusting and cleaning, I don't think the room had been cleaned for at least a couple of weeks there was thick dust everywhere and marks on the sides where other guests had spilt drinks etc.The Hudson does have a couple of good points. The bar is very trendy although very pricey, 2 glasses of champagne each nearly £100. Breakfast at the hotel is very good, although the canteen is so dark you can hardly see what you're eating. In fact the whole hotel is so dark including the corridors and rooms I recommend you take a torch with you!	
Dec 8 2008 	Kind of Nice Wouldn't Stay Again	This boutique hotel we stayed at for 2 nights, and it was a Priceline booking. The good: Location, modern decor, friendly staffThe bad: Street sounds very noisy, mattress could have been softer, room extremely small.This is not a room you want to stay in and lounge around, as there is just enough room for a bathroom, one suitcase, and the bed. The TV is a flatscreen that hangs on the wall, and there is a little table- that is about it. The worst thing was the street noise. They need to upgrade the windows to make the room quieter, because I awoke several times in the night due to car alarms and honking, and we were on the 14th floor. The location was great. We walked to the MOMA, the public library, Bryant Park, Times Square, and were just steps away from Central Park. I would not stay again however, because of the tight quarters and noisy street sounds that filtered in easily.	
Dec 6 2008 	Great Hotel Very friendly	We recently stayed at the Hudson for 5 nights and loved it! Ok so the rooms aren't huge but having read the reviews I expected them to be tiny but the room was more than comfortable for the two of us with plenty of hanging space for clothes etc. The bathroom is small but I've seen smaller! This is New York after all and we were only in the hotel to sleep and change clothes!As for the staff being unfriendly I couldn't disagree more - in our experience receptionists were all helpful &amp; friendly, doormen always said good morning and welcome back when we returned.We were there for thanksgiving so asked for and got lots of advice from reception about where to go etc and (I say again!) they couldn't have been more helpful.We had a night flight home and asked for a late check out - TOP TIP! they will extend your check out time to 2pm at no extra cost but after that you have to pay half a day's rate so we opted for the 2pm check out &amp; left the bags with the doormen after that.We were on the 19th floor so can't comment about noise from the bars etc so my only suggestion re the rooms is to ask for a rear facing room as ours was over the street and (this being New York and all) it was quite noisy but did quieten off later, we just got some earplugs!For breakfast we went to the place on the corner of the same block for the first day but would absolutely recommend crossing over to the one opposite called 'Flame' - much better value, service and comfort!	
Dec 5 2008 	Great for a Night on the Town	Stayed at the Hudson Hotel to enjoy a night in New York City. Great location for any event in Midtown, close to Columbus Circle subway station with quick connection to Grand Central Terminal. I stayed in the smallest room. The area was very small, but the cleanliness of every thing was worth it. I am a tall man and I found the bed to be comfortable. The small room is good for one night out; but I will happily pay more for a bigger room if I am staying longer.	
Nov 29 2008 	An excellent hotel	If there is one thing that should make you visit this hotel it is the rooftop garden! Sipping cocktails whilst watching the sunset over Manhatten was a wonderful beginning and ending to a fantastic holiday. From the moment that we walked into the hotel we were impressed with the facilities and staff who could not have been more helpful. The location on upper west side was fantastic for seeing the city - the nearest subway was at the end of the block accompanied by a shopping mall with some excellent shops. The rooms although very compact were very clean, modern and had their own stereo. The restaurant was excellent in a cafeteria style where you could watch your food being cooked. I really could not recommend the hotel high enough - having stayed at other hotels in new york this hotel won hands down as a great base for seeing new york.	
Nov 26 2008 	Yes Small Rooms But Nice Hotel	I had read the reviews and looked at the pictures on the internet so I had a good idea what we were getting into. We had also been to the bar on a previous visit so we knew how to find the hotel. (Hint - Look for the flame and the bushes)The room is small and about the smallest I have stayed in NYC. But we only paid $179 and we were staying for only one night. With those parameters, it was just fine. I would also say that based on some of the reviews I would have thought the property was run down, but not at all. The room was well appointed and the amenities were fine.I would check out the hotel's website and look at one of the rooms, before you book. It gives you a great idea of what they have. My only real complaint was that the beds were low to the floor and to get in and out over the course of the night was a pain (I'm getting old).	
Nov 25 2008 	Great time in NYC at the Hudson	We booked for 4 nights at the Hudson through Priceline and were sceptical due to lots of negative reviews on this site. However, don't be put off by these - we had a good time at the hotel. Yes, the rooms are on the compact side - but they were spotless (cleaned daily) and so well designed that it never felt too cramped. There was plenty of space for 2 adults, 2 large suitcases and plenty of shopping. Shower was hot and had a variety of power settings.The lobby is a bit TOO dark, but check in was speedy and efficent.Drinks and food were expensive at the hotel (both in the bars and room service/minibar) but there are plenty of reasonably priced diners nearby.Location superb - just round the corner from Central Park and a 2 minute walk from Columbus Circle Subway with easy access to all the sights.Recommended	
Nov 25 2008 	Mediocre stay bad service	The hotel is very eclectic and fun, but there are some issues. First if you don't know where it is, you will never find it. There are no signs. The only thing you see is a yellow light coming out of the door...that is it. The bar is fun and amazing. Lots of pretty people. The hotel rooms leave a lot to be desired. Small in size and need renovations. Not as clean as I thought. Amenities are ok. Valet parking for 1 hour is $55 and drinks are regular NY price at $15.00 a pop. Staff is rude, not accomodating and slow. Food was not good, yet very expensive. At $500 a night for a rather small room with no view, you would think the staff would be nicer. No one wants to help you!	
Nov 23 2008 	Okay the rooms are small - but the location is ace	If you've read any of the other reviews of the Hudson on this site, the one thing you'll know is that the rooms are small. Very small.If you trawl around on here, someone has posted a video which shows you how small. In short though, the bedroom, is a double bed with maybe a foot or two around three sides of it, and the bathroom is nudged up against that, maybe four foot by two-and-a half.But come on; it's New York. Unless you're willing to pay a fortune, rooms are going to be tiny.My girlfriend and I stayed here for five nights in mid November and paid about $300 per night (including taxes) and actually, the size of the room was never a problem.And on the plus side for the room, it was quiet once you got in, the bed was really comfy, the heating was good for those cold New York nights, and when you wanted a bit of fresh air you could throw the window open and suck in that 58th Street air. Elsewhere, the hotel was great. The library bar was very cool, and worth a visit for a cocktail (although the prices will probably mean that's a treat rather than a regular occurrence), and the chandelier over the check-in desk with holographic light bulbs is worth a closer look. But the best thing about this place is its location. Right there on Columbus Circle with its three (or four - I forget) subway lines running through. If you're going to stay here, shell out $25 for a week's subway pass and travel everywhere on the tube. You'll save yourself a fortune on taxi fares or shoe leather, and you can get practically everywhere on Manhattan with a ten minute train ride and a ten minute walk.	
Nov 22 2008 	Pros and Cons	Pros:-The location of the Hudson is ideal. You can walk to lots of popular sights and restaurants and are an easy taxi ride from the rest.-The staff was very professional and efficient. We used their help several times for directions and reservations.-The bar downstairs is very trendy and popular. If that's your sort of thing then you have a great place to go right in the hotel.Cons:-Yes, the rooms are small. But in the Hudson's defense, when you book online they give you the exact size of the room you are booking. -Our room was very cold. We were there during one of the first cold spells of the winter and our room was never any warmer than 60 degrees F though we had the thermostat turned all the way up.-Drinks in the bar are very expensive. I was expecting NYC prices but $25/drink?-Breakfast was mediocre. I was hoping for better.So, it's not the best hotel in NYC but it's not the worse either. I will not be staying there again but it was not bad enough to consider moving to another hotel during our stay.	
Nov 21 2008 	New york new york	The Hudson was clean but very unfriendly and the bedrooms small and dull. I also found this hotel hard to find. Near the theatre but on the whole I was dissappointed.	
Nov 20 2008 	Acceptable but small room and weird lobby	I knew something was strange when I walked right by the Hudson: there is no sign outside the door. Two doormen were muttering &quot;Hudson Hotel?&quot; in the furtive sotto voce I usually associate with sidewalk dealers asking &quot;Want some herb?&quot;.Once I had located the hotel, I ascended a long escalator to the lobby. The entrance, lobby, and some other common areas are lit in a creepy yellow-green fluorescent. Perhaps I'm too old to understand chic, but to me it resembled Minas Morgul in the Lord of the Rings movie. The lobby itself is so dim I almost walked into other guests more than once.These are not the smallest rooms in NYC. I have stayed in the Paramount and they are even smaller. The bed occupies almost the entire room, the shower is at the foot of the bed, separated by only a curtain, and the toilet is on the far side of the shower. I was actually rather impressed with the room's utilization of space, putting the stereo in the closet and a TV hinged to the wall. I was reminded of rooms in some Japanese hotels (except in Japan, the bedding is also very short).I got this hotel from Priceline as a 3-1/2 star. The price was (very) right, but that extra half-star compared to their other listings is bogus. The experience is in contrast to unrefurbished hotels with larger rooms (e.g., Salisbury and Wellington); on balance I think I prefer the latter.I should also mention that the female staff (check-in, concierge, restaurant hostess, and waitress) were all so cheery I wonder how many male guests get the wrong idea.	
Nov 11 2008 	Shocked and in need of a Chiropractor	I have stayed at the various Morgen hotel group hotels throughout the years and have always been impressed but this time I was seriously underwhelmed.The lobby was cool and chic and the halls reminded me of othe boutique Hotels out there but when I go to the room and opened the door it was like a closet. There was barely enough room for the double bed whose mattress was a glorified futon. My body still hurts from sleeping on it. The HVAC unit ran so loud and swung wildly in it's temperature range that it was impossible to get comfortable. The flat screen TV has position whereby if you slanted it towards the bed just so you could see it.; you lost valuable walking space around the bed not to mention the fact you still had to crook your neck to see it. The bathroom has a petite round bowl toilet that if any male over 5' 10' tried to sit his knees would be jammed against the wall. You could easily stay almost anywhere in NYC for $500 and have clean modern accommodations. So why would you ever do it here. Certainly not for inclusive parking and a cafeteria style Old Country Buffet breakfast. The place it filled with European travelers who might be acustomed to small digs but I think even they were taken back.	
Nov 9 2008 	Nice idea but terribly small rooms	Lovely, modern hotel in a great location of NYC. Very intriguing lobby and bars. BUT, when you get to the room it all goes down hill. Rooms are so small (mine was 136 sq ft). My laptop didn't fit on the &quot;desk&quot; and there were not enough outlets to power my laptop w/o unplugging other things. I can't imagine how or where one would eat room service. Noise was also a problem. I had to check to make certain my window wasn't open because the street noise was incredible. You also hear everything in the halls. Bottomline, this place is not for a business traveler. And unless you plan to spend 99% of time outside of the room on a pleasure trip, then Hudson Hotel may not be for you either. I'll not stay there again.	
Nov 6 2008 	maybe if you're 5 ft tall.	While I agree the public spaces are nice, you're better off visiting them as a non-guest. The rooms are small and badly designed. The bathroom was so small that foot would not even fit between the wall edge and the toilet bowl. It made an airplane toilet look spacious in comparison. I got tired of banging my knees into the wall or hitting my head when I stood up and just went down to the lobby to go.The large mirrors on the wall were undoubtedly to give a sense of space, it didn't work. The placement of the tv was awkward. The candy dish mounted on the other side of the room as a remote control holder was just - stupid. My husband banged his head on the tv getting out of the bed. The mattress itself was not very comfortable and I prefer to be more than 12 inches off the ground. If you're under 5'5 weigh less than 130 and aren't clausterphobic you might like the hotel. The more you veer from that description, the less pleasant you'll find it.	
Nov 4 2008 	Business travellers DO NOT go to the Hudson	If you are travelling for business the last thing you need is a tiny room (about one metre around the size of the double bed) with no place to put your suitcase, unless you are travelling with a small trolley. A even if you have a trolley there is not enough space to take inside the room. It has to stay in a ...tiny closet in the corridor. There is only one tiny table just about the size of the laptop and and tiny (sic!) bathroom. The lobby is weird and dark with odd plants growing on the ceiling and on the walls. Maybe a cool place for just one night...to be spent mostly outside of the hotel. The staff was also rude and unhelpful. Overall, it's a very pretentious hotel trying to be cool.... at rather high rates! One of my worst experiences travelling on business.	
Oct 22 2008 	Trendy Clean - You get what you pay for	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on a Sunday night. Service staff was friendly, room was clean and amenities were as described. The place looks exactly like the photos on the website. European style hotel with trendy decor and small rooms. Baggage check held our bags for free after our check-out while we spent the day in the city. Location was great as it was very close to the subway and near central park.	
Oct 21 2008 	Rude impolite arrogant presumptuous haughty	Or any other definition you might want to add. We planned to meet another couple for drinks in one of the lobby bars. At the first club, the cartoonish &quot;doorman&quot; in red vest and matching red sneakers stated there was not enough room to accomodate us although we could see plenty of seats available. We then proceeded to the &quot;library&quot; for a drink. Although crowded we were able to secure a table for the 4 of us but were promptly told that the table was reserved. We asked if we could sit and talk until the reservation showed up. Well, they did.... over one hour late.... and we were summarily asked to leave. We then carried our extremely expensive drinks out to the lobby area where we found three seats together. We pulled a fourth chair over to accomodate all of us and were informed that we were not permitted to move chairs in the lobby. We then carried our drinks to the restaurant bar and were again informed we could not enter with drinks form another establishment (from the bar across the lobby?).In summary, if you desire snotty and presumptuous staff in an over-hyped and over-priced establishment; have at it.... otherwise steer very clear of Hudson Hotel.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great Place For Girl Trip!	I have never bothered writing a review before- however, I felt obligated to share our positive experience after reading the negatives! We just came back from a 3 night stay- I was skeptical after the reviews.....First of all, our cab driver had NO problem getting us there, we had NO problem identifing the building....NO problem checking in- (approx 1 min. wait in line-around 2:30 p.m.) David was very polite and professional:). Our standard room was located on the 10th floor with a nice city view. The room was cozy, so limit the amount of luggage you bring! We had no problem manuvering around our room- just keep tidy! Room was CLEAN, bed was COMFY...bathroom/shower was good enough for getting the job done! We had 20&quot; flat screen tv &amp; A nice stereo that we could jam to while getting ready for a night out! -bring your cd's. The hotel staff was friendly, housekeeping did a fantastic job! We shared a large tasty shrimp dish at the hotel restraunt for $23. Bar scene was like a bunch of NY 'ers having a high school reunion- the locals party there (makes it interesting!). We were leary @ first,- by our last night, we tore the dance floor up! If you have to buy a mixed drink it will be $12.- We made our own bar in our room! Hotel location was GREAT- 1 blk from subway. Central park is 2 blks away. There are plenty of local places to eat for a decent price especially if you can split the meal with your co-traveler! We had a great time there, I would stay again.....the only negative that is hardly worth mentioning is the dimly lit hall that could use a little touch-up! Over-all ....It' s the perfect place for leisure. I don't think this is a place for family reunions or work related activities:)	
Oct 18 2008 	Fashionable Great Location Compact Rooms...	I'll bullet point my thoughts rather than write a novel:1. The Hudson is very trendy - checking in late on Friday night is like checking into a nightclub (dark, trendy people everywhere and loud music)... not that that is a bad thing just different!2. The 15th floor roof terrace is lovely and you dont feel obliged to buy anything - can just lie in the sunshine3. Bedrooms are very very small and not very bright however the beds are very comfortable, the shower great and the rooms are cleverly done to maximise the space available. We had a queen room which was fine - to be honest on a city break you are just sleeping there not hanging around all day.4. Service was great - everyone from reception to concierge and cleaners were friendly.5. The hotel is very relaxed about you bringing in your own food - something UK hotels hate... there are often people in the lifts with pizza and beers etc. (much cheaper than buying in-house)6. Location is fantastic - a couple of great diners very close by for breakfast - try Route 66. You can also walk to central park / rockerfeller centre / time square etc. Tube also nearby. Most cabbies know where the hotel is (even though it doesnt look like a hotel and has no signage outside) but remember the address cos one cabbie had no idea.Overall the downsides are the size of the rooms and the dark corridors but its a very cool hotel perfect for a city break - think you have to be young at heart though we saw a couple of older people who looked a little perplexed &amp; its definitely not the place for little kids even though we saw some there.	
Oct 17 2008 	Not sure	I stayed at the Hudson with my friend on a 4 night girly trip to NYC.Fabulously tendy yes, but not really that much else to recommend it.We paid around £150/night for a Deluxe (bigger than standard) through Expedia, but upgraded to a double double room for an additional $60 as there were no twin bedded rooms available. This room was a pretty good size, with 2 queen sized beds, and seems to be a world apart from standard rooms. There's just about enough hanging space (open rail by the door) but not enough hangers, no drawers, and a space to put suitcase &amp; shopping.Lovely crisp cotton bedding with feather pillows &amp; duvet, but I requested a change as I am allergic &amp; it didn't actually happen until the 2nd day. Obviously very stylish decor and a decent flat screen TV (again, better than in a standard room).The bathroom was an OK size too (another benefit of the larger room) and didn't have the glass partition but instead a real solid wall and door. Top tip - the hairdryer is hung on the back of the bathroom door! Lots of trendy and luxurious accessories, but beware of the cost - the scented candles are not complimentary! No minibar but some extortionately-priced snacks and soft drinks.Although stylish, the rooms are really only the standard of an average Travelodge and are starting to need refurbishment.As others have commented, public areas are incredibly dark and actually quite depressing, especially the corridors.Rooftop terrace and outside bar are both quite lovely, and the former has the advantage of being for residents only.Elsewhere, in the garden bar and main bar, there is absolutely no preferential treatment for hotel residents - willingness to commit to bottle service appears to be the only way of securing a table, and at $300 for a bottle of vodka! This is probably the element that made me quite dislike the Hudson. At the weekend the bar is packed, with a velevet rope entry policy. In the garden bar, there was no chance of a table and we had to queue up for $18 drinks. On a quiet Monday, we were 'allowed' a table in the bar but only a small one and could not have a decent table for our party of 5 (even though the place was empty) because we did not want to purchase a bottle of spirits or champagne.Overall, OK but only 3* standard and with an approach to customer service that is beyond pretentious!	
Oct 15 2008 	It's a scam	We booked this hotel through Priceline. After reading reviews we were a little disappointed. The rooms are extreamely small, but read in other reviews that we can upgrade to a larger room for $30 extra per night. (Staff origianally asked for $60 but then negotiated to $30). My sister and I checked in and we were assigned a queen bed, entire hotel room is 150 sq. ft. We asked for an upgrade. They gave us a room with a king bed, 230 sq. ft, for an additional $60 per night and were told that if we had booked directly with the hotel we would have paid less than through Priceline. I felt that we were being scammed. We checked in and the room is especially compact. This was unacceptable. We returned to the front desk and were told by another staffer that it would have been chepaer booking direct. We asked to speak to the manager and he said if we were not happy he would cancel our reservation. We took him up on his offer. Within 15 minutes, Priceline refunded our money and rebooked us at the Hilton Millenium for the same price.	
Oct 14 2008 	Dreadful	Stayed here for 3 nights and it was the worst experience I have had in NYC! Our hotel room was not ready, and there were no more non-smoking rooms left when we checked in. The hotel did not try to offer any viable solutions for us--just &quot;sorry, check back with us tomorrow&quot;). The hotel tries too hard to be trendy and hip. It is nothing more than a big noisy nightclub with thumping techno music 24 hours a day! The walls are paper-thin and you can hear everything going on in the surrounding rooms and hallways (and the hotel seems to be booked mostly by 20 year olds, so fill-in-the-blank about the types of noise you will hear at all hours of the night). The street noise is also very loud, as well as the music from the club/bars in the hotel. The rooms are not built for comfort, and there is just one tiny electric heater/AC unit on the wall (the the unit is also NOISY). The drinks at the bar are $16 each (am I being cheap? Is that the going rate for a drink?). The highlight of the hotel is that it is located diagonal from the Columbus Circle subway stop. Please stay elsewhere and save yourself a headache.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great Design But You Can't Sleep in the Lobby	As a design student, I've heard rave reviews about the Hudson. The public spaces are amazing and I recommend a visit to the bars and outside spaces. However, I would not recommend staying there. I travel to NYC quite often, and travel tons for work. This is the smallest room I have ever seen in the city, and frankly, my room on my last cruise was bigger; for example, you have to negotiate the toilet bowl to climb into the shower--beware handicapped travelers! About our average stay: 1) the staff greeted us with a smoking room, and made it clear we were &quot;less than&quot; because we booked on Priceline (for what turned out to be full price), 2) our room was not serviced by housekeeping (we had to call daily), 3) the bathroom pocket-door didn't work (causing a bit more intimacy than we wanted) - we called the desk 3 times for the bathroom only to be told that engineering was &quot;on its way.&quot; -- engineering never showed.	
Oct 7 2008 	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in for £120 a night	NO HEATING - aparently they only put the heating on when it reaches 45F. We had to sit in blankets in the room!DARK DINGY CORRIDORS - yes they maybe trendy for under 25's. If you are over 40 or have kids, DONT STAY HERE.Corridors look like a prison.ROOMS - PRISON CELL SIZE. I HAVE BEEN TO YOUTH HOSTELS THAT ARE WARMER AND LARGER. NO CURTAINS - so you cant keep the cold out.NO TEA/COFFEE.IT'S A CONVERTED GOVERNMENT APARTMENT BUILDING AND IT SHOWS (THATS WHY THEY CANT PUT THE HEATING ON)We checked out after one day. It was that bad. Book the Park Central around the corner. It is wamer, larger and cheaper.All you are paying for at the Hudson is some 'trendy' paint and gloomy 'hip' lighting.We also stayed in the Club Quarters at the Rockfeller centre. It was pure luxary compared to this dump, I am 45 and went with one child. I cant even begin to think what would have happened if my mother or anyone with poor eyesight booked this hotel, They probably would have fallen over or into something.	
Oct 2 2008 	like it or not	We booked via Expedia and we got a really small room next to a noisy airco unit. The room was too small so we went back to the reception and we asked for a bigger room. We had to pay 60$/day extra which we could bring down to 30$ - the room was a little bigger! The interior is really cool, nice reception, nice restaurants and nice bars. Only one big disappointment is the main bar turns into a club in the evening, every night!! After dinner the hotel lobby was crowded and music was really loud. The smaller bar was also crowded so it was difficult to get a drink on Friday and Saturday night in the hotel. Breakfast was great. NY is a great city and we enjoyed our stay in NY.	
Oct 1 2008	Great hotel if you find a deal	My husband and I stayed for 5 nights at the Hudson Hotel in April while doing the tourist thing in NYC. We were apprehensive before arriving after reading some of the not-so-great reviews of this hotel, but we really enjoyed our stay. We would definitely return, but not at full sticker price. Here are a few things to consider before booking your stay: Yes, it’s true. The rooms are tiny, but they are very efficiently laid-out. The room is also dim due to low lighting, dark wood paneling and a small outside window, but the clear glass pane between the bright (but tiny) bathroom and bedroom helps to lighten up the room. Yes, it’s also true that the hallways are dark too, but it was never a problem for us. There’s is a trendy bar in the lobby that’s hopping on the weekend, so make sure that you request a higher up room if you’re worried about noise. BTW - I was impressed that hotel security checked to make sure that only guests were riding the elevators at night. Check-in was efficient, and the reception staff were friendly - they upgraded us to a larger room after the first night (but to tell you the truth it was hard to tell the difference, it was so small too!) The concierge was really helpful, and even got us into a restaurant (Babbo) that I’d tried booking a month ahead of our arrival but couldn’t get a table. The doorman safely stored our luggage after checking-out so we could still spend our last day exploring NYC baggage-free. Above all else, the location was absolutely terrific – close to Central Park, only a 10 min. walk from Time Square, and 2 blocks from the subway. However, it’s true that there is no sign outside the Hudson, so be sure to look at pictures of the hotel exterior before arriving so that you can find it easily. With all that said, would we stay here again and recommend this hotel to you? Yes, if you’re okay with the above, and find a deal for $200 a night or better.	
Sep 26 2008 	Like a Hobbit Jail Cell	Great location, the smallest room/bathroom you've ever seen.- Don’t expect to work in your room. The table is hobbit sized; I could barely get my laptop and the mouse on it and there was nowhere to put the overpriced bottles of water that were on the table. - Don’t expect to kick back and relax watching TV – seriously, my IPhone has a larger screen than the TV in the room…and more channels! - Don’t expect to stretch out in the room. I’m pretty tall and I swear I could have touched both walls, the floor and ceiling simultaneously! - Don’t expect to have a relaxing experience whilst performing your ablutions; the bathroom is so small that your knees touch the wall when you sit and think! Really, the bathroom was probably 4 feet wide! - Don’t expect to be able to find the entrance without a spirit guide, the entranceway is better hidden than the entrance to the ministry of magic in the Harry Potter Movies - I complained when I eventually found the hotel that there is no name or number on the outside, the receptionist told me it was part of the character of the hotel. I told her that it was bloody foolish given that most guests were not psychic. - Don’t bring children in to the entrance area – it is so dark you could easily kill a small child with your rolling luggage and not even know about it. If you take small children with you I’d recommend a flashing beacon on their hats or a flashlight just to be careful. I know they think that this is cool but it really just makes the place feel dingy.Don't get me wrong, if you can get a room here for a good price then it is fine – the location is great and the room was clean enough. Just don't bring to much luggage or too many friends.	
Sep 25 2008 	cool hotel	just returned from a 3 night stay here with our 19and 20 year old son and daughter and they loved it.Bedrooms are small but the rest of the hotel made up for it.It has a fantastic ambiance,good music, good food . Check in was quick and taxis were always readily available.I would recommend here but my husband struggled with the bedroom size,so if you can ,don't stay in a standard room.Don't be put off staying here because of bedroom size because its such a cool place to stay and you will enjoy it	
Sep 24 2008 	Amazingly different experience!	Despite what you might read from the other reviews please do not let the descriptions on how small the room is from deciding wether you should stay or night. My wife and I stayed at the hudson for a 4 day NYC getaway and simply loved it. The hotel is located right by columbus circle which has a great park for one to sit and people watch as well as access to the central park. The overall look of the hotel is amazing. We were greeted at the front door by the Hudson staff and took the escalator up to the lobby. A very different and unique lobby the Hudson has created. Somewhat dark and cozy with a great music selection playing through the speakers. Yes the rooms are small but the way they have set up the room with its layout and decorations one really does not think twice about the size. We both were very pleased with the room especially with the tv they have on the wall and stereo system. They also have a I pod docking station. The Library bas is a must go for a drink especially the rooftop terrace where you can relax and catch a great view of the city. The Hudson club was packed on Saturday night with a great DJ. I suggest requesting a floor on a higher level. We also recomend the restaurant at the Hudson with a succulent menu. Try the garlic potato fries. Talk about wow!	
Sep 24 2008 	pay $$$$$$ for the designer name	We've stayed at the hotel for two nites in September 2008.tiny bathrooms most og the rooms featuring only showers. Can't be 2 people in the bathroom at the same time :(((double size beds (not queen nor king) low to the floor. nice furniture quite fanky but not worth the price.spectacular lobby,garden, sky lounge bar very good food downstairs restaurant (great burgers)ok helpfull reception ok customer servicewill not choose to stay at this hotel againB	
Sep 24 2008 	Nice Hotel Small Room Nice Decoration	I stayed in The Hudson in December 2006 with my finacee.The hotel is very well decorated and the staff are friendly and helpful with regards to restaraunt recomendations and general service. We stayed 4 days and ate in the restarant once which was a nice experience, you generally sit on a long table with other people which adds to the social aspect The food was of a good quality and we enjoyed our night out.We stayed in a standard bedroom which was very small, which isn't unusual for New York but does take something away from your stay.The Hotel has quite a trendy bar downstairs which seems to be frequented by revel goers on a night out most nights which may not be everyone's cup of tea but if you do venture into it then it does have a good atmosphere.The location is pretty good being near the south west corner of central park and time square within easy walking distance.All in all I had a nice stay but would look to go to a different hotel if I returned to New York in the future.	
Sep 23 2008 	Avoid This Hotel If You're a Larger Person	The Hudson Hotel rooms are smaller than any I've ever seen, including those in Europe. (Management must be making a killing - I think they took each room during renovations and sliced them in two, but don't charge anywhere near half the rate.) The room is about 8 foot by 16 foot total. The bathroom is so tiny, they use toilets the same size as those used by pre-schools. I found it difficult to, ahem, get a bit of reading in, as the toilet was so tiny and close to the wall that my knees were touching the wall. If you're over 6 foot, you might not be physically capable of using the toilet. The shower stall is so small, you can barely turn around. And the bedroom is so small, it's hard to regulate the temperature and humidity in the room. (And the HVAC system they use has lousy controls.) The bed is one mattress, low to the ground. They desk chair is metal, the desk is tiny. And on the ninth floor, you can hear the boom boom of the music downstairs, with the windows closed. And then, at 3:00 a.m. a bunch of cars honking horns woke me up. They need better windows. Not a pleasant stay. Could use a sign out front too.	
Sep 19 2008 	Not Recommended - Overpriced	Rooms were extremely small. Even for NYC, just way too small... bed was also small and very close to the ground... NOT COMFORTABLE. Bathroom was tiny tiny, so tiny that there wasn't enough space for my make up bag!Funny fact: My 15'' TV was hidden in the closet and it took me a while to find it, it was literally 17'' at most, remember those really old TVs? yes, it was one of them, it was so old that they had to attach an electronic device to it so that it would work on a remote control... my friend had a big LCD on the wall of his room, which was opposite to mine.The theme of the hotel was nice, the dimmed lights were a good touch, but i just felt that i was staying at a youth hostel in europe, but ten times the price.I paid almost $400 per night, totally ovepriced, totally not worth it	
Sep 17 2008 	poor maintenance	Stayed at the Hudson on business after staying in many Morgans Group hotels (Clift, Mondrian LA, Royalton, Morgans, Delano). The first night, the room's air conditioning wasn't working when I checked in and maintenance came up four times to fix. Turned out it was an issue with the circuit breaker which they couldn't fix and the hotel was sold out so they couldn't move me to another room. It was 1:30 am by that point, so didn't want to move. Had to call multiple times to finally speak with a manager since none of my voice mail messages were returned.They moved me to a new room the next day and guess what, the fan on the A/C didn't work in this room. Maintenance spent about 45 minutes working on the unit (at 11pm) and didn't have a new unit to replace it with - and hotel sold out again - so another night without air conditioning. In addition, when trying to access the wireless internet got a &quot;too many connections&quot; error and when I was finally able to connect the speed was so low (similar to a 56K modem as measured by Speakeasy's speedtest) that it was maddening. Overall, a very disappointing experience as I've had many enjoyable experiences at other Morgans Group hotels.	
Sep 17 2008	Too cool that they've forgotten the important stuff	This hotel was fine but so much effort has gone into making it cool that it doesn't &quot;work&quot;. It's too dark to see anything, its freezing, you have to wait 10 minutes for an empty lift, took 1 hour to check in at 11pm, service is appalling, room tiny etc.Its clean though and good location and nice bars. Definitely not worth the money though.	
Sep 17 2008 	beautiful design hotel	The Hudson has all the hallmarks of Philippe Starck design, beautiful common spaces, really stunning, the light bar is particularly special. The overall theme of the hotel is of a college, so there is a big library room, and many places to sit, see and be seen.The rooms are very small, not even space to lay out your suitcase, and the see-through glass showers may not be everyone's cup of tea. But if you are not a roombody, then this is a stunningly beautiful hotel. service was great, food was pricey, but delicious. Drinks are VERY expensive in the bars, but then you are paying for the amazing spaces.	
Sep 13 2008 	More funky than a funky funky thing...	I found the hotel easy to find - but I dont think there is a sign post... just check out the images from the website - if you can remember what it looks like you wont have any problems locating it, which is suggested in some reviews.It is beautiful inside - the ivy covred lobby ceiling is really impressive. The staff at check in are polite, professional, friendly and helpful.The rooms are small, but really clean, and the bed was very comfy. Housekeeping is really good.. the room was cleaned thoroughly every day.there was a CD player in my room, so i sort of wished that i'd taken a couple of cds to listen to while i was getting ready.the freebie toiletries are nice enough.I stayed over a long weekend, and the hotel has a very buzzy atmosphere on friday and saturday nights.. i was returning from a long day of sight seeing, so it wasnt really the best place for me as I'd have liked to have proped myself somewhere for a quiet cup of coffee in the evening, just for half an hour before bed.. but maybe im getting a little old!! but - if you're away with the girls, then its really fabulous - be sure to book a table in the outside bar area if you're wanting to have drinks there.. its really pricey though, we paid $40 for a round consisting of an orange juice, lager, and a bellini, the drinks were lovely,and the service was ok. but i thought $40 was a bit steep.check out was before 12noon, and quick and easy, and you can store your luggage while you spend time in the city before going back to the airport... the doorman will collect your bags if you present the little ticket at the door on street level. thats nice and easy.all in all - great hotel... absolutely fabulous location, and perfect if youre really going for it in terms of sight seeing.. also if you're with the girls, or part of a couple who likes the bar scene, then the bars are great. rooms clean, comfy.. all in all very very good!	
Sep 10 2008 	Chic but not great!	The lobby was beautiful! Unfortunately, that is where it ends! The hallways were scary! Dark and dingy. The rooms were ridiculously small. I have been traveling to NYC for 20 years and I know about the room sizes that can be found in most hotels, this was ridiculous. I paid TOO MUCH - almost $400 per night. Horrible value. The bed was terribly uncomfortable, more like a cheap futon mattress. The lighting in the rooms and bathroom was unacceptable. I could barely see anything and it made everything appear depressing and dingy. When I was having an issue with my ATM card (I am from California, so note the time difference). I asked if they would give me a small cash advance on my credit card and they flatly refused! Unbelievable! I happen to own a boutique hotel in California and I cannot imagine treating a guest like this! I booked this trip as a special trip for my daughter's graduation present and NYC was great, but our experience at the hotel was not! Too Bad!	
Sep 2 2008	Hudson Hotel was amazing!	I just got back from NYC and stayed at the Hudson Hotel on W 58th and 8th Ave in Manhattan. It was a very chic hotel. I got it off the top 20 on Travelzoo for about $200 a night and thought it was a great value for the location and it being Labor Day weekend and the 10k Nike race that I was going too. The rooms were very small but hey, it's NYC. The actual grounds on the hotel was wonderful. The sky terrace on the 15th floor was right out of a Restoration Hardware catelog. I took a great nap in the hammock. The drinks were very expensive but worth the $20 to sip champagne in the lounge and feel like a star. The hallways were dimly lite and it was hard to see at times. But overall, the hotel was so cool and chic. I cna't wait to go back. The rooms are more on the romantic side than 2 girl friends staying the weekend but we didn't care. Next time, I am bringing a man though :) The shower had a glass that you could see into the bed area! But it had a curtain for privacy as well. I can't wait to stay again!	
Sep 1 2008 	Small Rooms Unique Lobby	Pros:*Location~Right near central park and accross the street from the Time Warner Building..*Lobby~ Very unique, as you can see from the pictures*Roof Top Bar~Great atmosphere, comfy charis, couches, etc to lounge onCons:*Rooms~ Literally the size of a tiny boat cabin. Uncomfortable bed, The side glass wall of the shower is open up to the bed, so if you adventurous, just open the curtain and give him a show. *Boderline Obnoxious staff, not very helpful and a lot of cat-calling(except the bar tender in the library~he was great, talkative, and helpful)*Lighting~The lighting in the lobby is great. But in the hallways to the guestrooms...really? Honestly felt I was walking the halls of a seedy apartment, expecting a crack addict to pop out of the corner and jump me...We got this room for $169.00 per night for the end of summer promotion they were running. Honestly, if they charged much more, I would have asked for my money back, not impressed. For an extra $50.00 I would have stayed at the W, got plush bath robes, and a room I could actually walk in.	
Sep 1 2008 	fancy but very small rooms	Was looking to stay at this hotel for a few nights as my cousin was getting married and having his functions at this same hotel. The room itself is fancy if not very tiny even for NYC, i suppose i would recommend this property for anyone that was looking for someplace hip and convenient to central park. It is relatively pricey even when using priceline, though perhaps not since this is NYC during a busy month. The atmosphere is chic and the place was clean and adequately furnished.	
Sep 1 2008 	New York Chic at its finest	I loved this hotel - young, hip and friendly! Yes the rooms are small, but they represent capsule living very well, the furnishings are plush and stylish. The hotel has an excellent restaurant and fantastic bar - amazing to people watch! Really felt I was experiencing a true cosmopolitain New York and would stay here again in a heart-beat. Can't wait to go back!	
Aug 30 2008 	Terrible Service not worth the price	Stayed here with my friend in July as we was passing thru and had read some of the reviews we was a bit uncertain what to expect. Even if we had emaild and called to confirm our room type they still put us in the woring one with a dbl bed for to guys !!!! The front desk was most unhelpfull and no one was wearing nametags so when confronting them again there was no way to get hold of the first person.They said we had to pay for an upgrade even if we had got confirmation everything was okej so unpro.We finally got our hand on a manager and he was very unreluctant to help with the issue too.After a lot of back and forth they finally changed the room.Bu tI will never stay here again the rooms are very small and the prize to high	
Aug 28 2008	definitely dark...	booked this through lastminute.com. I stayed twice in the same month, once with friends, once with family. Both times everyone remarked how dark it was. Front desk staff I thought were unjustifiably snooty but not so bad. If you don't have a cab driver who knows where the hotel is, you'll drive right past, no sign or anything. Rooms were small but hey we're Brits we were fine with that. Had cocktails in the bar when we arrived which was nice, busy but not overcrowded. Yes I'd go back I think..	
Aug 27 2008	A business hotel this is NOT	Very disappointed in this hotel. I'm very open to unique experiences, but this hotel fell flat on several key areas. 1) The best room in the hotel is called the Library. A great space, but closed for renovations. No notice when booking or on the website. 2) Promises a &quot;newspaper of choice upon request&quot; on the website. I requested a USA Today at check-in, but they did not deliver or have one in the morning at the front desk. 3) The size of the room is very small (take a 2-car garage and make 4 quadrants. Walk into 1 of thos quadrants - that's your space). The bed does not have a box spring, so it's very close to the floor. 5) The hallways are very dark, dull and a little scary when someone else passes you in the Hallway. 4) I paid $375 per night for 2 nights and later found out via hotels.com that I could have stayed at the Waldorf Astoria for the same price. If you're looking for a fun night out, definitely check this place out. It's happening. But stay somewhere else...	
Aug 16 2008 	Hip maybe enjoyable no	The staff is friendly and efficient. The standard room is very small, even by New York standard. The safe is placed on the floor, which makes it uncomfortable to use it. The best part is the transparent glass window between room and bathroom, which enabled me to watch my wife having a shower. They pretend to be ecological conscious so they dim the light in the hallway to almost darkness which is neutralized by the noise of the soundamplifier in the bar. 30$ for glass of wine and a beer is hefty. Would I stay there again? Probably not.	
Aug 15 2008 	Very stylish but not too good	Went here on an extended business trip and first of all was taken by the modern and stylish reception area as well as the nice outside bar, which you would not expect in such a location. Very close to Central Park, Columbus Circle Tube and a short stroll to Fifth Avenue or Broadway. However, even that i was upgraded into a &quot;suite&quot; the room was still quite small and that they had a quick renovation of a former old style hotel into something which should be cutting-edge. Not fully completed the job here. Bed was very good and had a good sleep, but doors where so thin you could here everybody passing outside. Nice breakfast area and good atmosphere and buffet here. The hotel also has a terrace on the 15th floor where you can enjoy drinks with a view over Manhattan. Quite cool! Overall a kind of mixed experience. Generally very good but oversells itself and not too good value for money.	
Aug 13 2008	You can't go wrong!	After reading some negative reviews I was apprehensive about staying at the Hudson Hotel in NY. Everything I read was true, there is no sign outside of the hotel, it is very dark, the rooms are very small and the food was very good. If you are planning to stay there or considering a stay - need not worry! I would absolutely stay there again. They had what's most important - clean, quiet rooms, courteous staff, and a great location: right across the street from a subway station and a block away from Central Park. Times Square is an easy walk as well as 5th Avenue and FAO Schwartz. When we first arrived, the room we were assigned smelled really strongly of smoke. The front desk happily changed rooms for us and the second one was impeccable. The rooms are very small. The TV was tiny, but nobody goes to NY to watch TV. The standard rooms consist of a bed and a tiny bathroom, but they were more than adequate for the two of us. They made good use of the small space with hooks and shelves in the bathroom. Speaking of the bathrooms – in pictures, the pane of glass in the shower I thought was a little revealing with no privacy, but they do actually have a curtain on each side of the glass which was a relief.The Hudson cafeteria had great food. The service was poor, and breakfast is over priced, but at least the food was good! The lounge seemed loud and happening, but once you got off the elevator it was peacefully quiet. Outside of 1,000 doors slamming loudly in the hallway every morning, you couldn't hear your neighbors or people roaming the halls. If I could give the hotel one suggestion for improvement it would be the bedding. No real mattress cover - just a &quot;throw&quot; under the sheets. The sheets weren't fitted either so they often came un-tucked during the night which was annoying. The beds themselves were comfortable enough, although very much like a futon. Overall, the room rates were a bit over priced, but what hotel isn't in NY? The front desk staff was accommodating. The lobby was beautiful. The rooms are clean and have great temperature control. Not to worry! You can't go wrong with the Hudson	
Aug 13 2008 	Beware the room size	The Hudson is a stylish hotel situated very close to Central Park on 58th St. Extremely handy for Columbus Circle subway it is very easy to travel to most parts of the city from there. The hotel does not announce itself. The building's exteroir is very bland and does not even have it's name on the front. All the public areas in the Hudson are beautifully furnished and decorated. Having said that, I might be wrong as the reception areas were hardly lit in a 'trendy' way.Our stay was spoiled by the size of the room. It was minute with a postage stamped size bathroom to match. Barely big enough for one person let alone two, There was very little hanging space and no shelves or drawers. As a consequence, for our 3 night stay we had to leave our clothes in suitcases on the floor which restricted space even more. The air conditioning was the noisiest I have ever heard, and although we were on the 11th floor the noise from the street was constant. On the plus side the room's decor (similar to the public areas) was very nicely done in dark wood. When we tried to change our room all we were offered was a very expensive upgrade. If you do go to this hotel, ensure that you get a larger room.	
Aug 12 2008 	Not worth the hype	It wasn't a horrible experience, but I'm glad I didn't pay rack rate; my rate was $199 throughTravelzoo.com. The lobby decor does not strike me as modern, chic, hip, fun, etc. It's dark, and in the back of my head I couldn't help but think of how much you can hide by dimming the lights, using dark paneling, and painting the walls and ceilings grey. I didn't think the bar was particularly hip, chic, or fun, either. I visited the bar once, a glass of house wine cost me $14, and there was hardly anyone there. Basic room is not small, it's itty bitty. I'm only sleeping there, so I don't really care, but traveler's should be aware that the standard room is only about 9.5' x 9.5'. It barely fits a bed, with a 13&quot; TV inside the narrow cabinet. The wall that separates the bedroom from the bath is glass, obviously to give the illusion of more space. I (woman alone) was put in the last room at the very end of the hallway, which I understand is a no-no in the industry. My room's door frame was cracked, and the chain lock hung on by one screw ... not very secure. The door wouldn't latch properly right away because of the crack (looked like maybe someone tried to kick the door in), so I asked the front desk to send someone up to look at it. When I showed him the cracked door, he jotted it down in his notebook to make sure someone looked at it, but made no offer of a more secure room for me. Breakfast restaurant is another very dark room, and was absolutely freezing cold on the two March mornings that I ate there (quickly, as it was so cold I couldn't wait to leave).I just checked the Hudson website, and today's rack rate is about $499. That is just mind boggling to me! This hotel is so not worth it!	
Aug 11 2008 	could it get worse....yup	This is for priceline too!I booked this hotel for 3 thru priceline at 250 a night. first night smoke smell in a non smoking room was unbelieveable, my cloths still stink that were in my luggage. My daughter (14) had to sleep on the floor because they would not give us a cot! Cool shower glass wall into the room so you can see in, did i mention 3 people. tv something for $50 at walmart. Second night they upgraded us to a queen deluxe for $60 more charged us for at cot too. The tv in this room was nice oh but it didn't work. they worked on it sevral times with no clue what they were doing. Food was average way over priced. two vodka martinis at the bar $36 (greygoose) a bottle cost $20, who do they think they are. Management was pleasent but did nothing to help they kept saying because i went thru priceline they couldn't do anything for me. Priceline was no help at all.	
Aug 10 2008 	A must stay - fun hip hotel	This hotel is a must stay if you like contemporary, unique, hip design. The rooms are very small but impeccably clean with high-end finishes. Great late night bar scene in Hudson Bar. Hotel appeal to young adults more than families.	
Aug 10 2008 	Great Location Clean Rooms Had a Great Stay.	My wife and I stayed at the Hudson for a week and had a great time. We were terrified by some of the reviews, but the hotel beat our expectations. Yes the rooms are small, but if you are under 50 and not to large yourself the rooms are fine. Everyone treated us great from check-in to check-out. The rooms are very clean, and you can not beat the location.	
Aug 9 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	My husband and I booked a last minute NYC getaway. We had 3 sets of show tickets and just wanted a clean place to stay in a decent neighborhood (we used to live in NY). I had never heard of the Hudson, but had read the reviews and checked out their website (which has a picture of the front of the hotel, which is unmarked, but lined with shrubs). You take an escalator up to the lobby, which is very cool and happening. At night, there is a raging party going on in the bar scene. The Hudson Cafeteria is on the lobby level, and you can eat outside in the adjoining terrace. The hotel is across the street from an upscale mall (Columbus Shops) that has several restaurants on the 3rd floor. As others have said, the room is very small, but the bed is good, and the space is adequate, especially if you're not planning to spend much time in the room. We got a rate of $200 (Name your own price on Priceline), which is very good for this location. We would definitely go back.	
Aug 7 2008 	Great location with modern vibe	Pros - Great location one block from Central Park and one block from the subway. This hotel has a young hip and modern vibe which can make you feel like part of the in crowd staying here. If you like the bar scene then this hotel has a big one right in the lobby plus an outdoor terrace that looked lovely in the photos - we unfortunately did not see it in person as it was closed during the times we thought to check it out. The front desk staff were helpful and seemed to enjoy their jobs.Cons - The public areas and hallways are very, very dark. Although it is part of the look they are going for it is somewhat annoying to not be able to see anything in the lobby unless you go stand under a lamp. Also the hotel has no name outside so you have to be lucky to get a cab driver that knows exactly where it is at. The rooms are tiny but unless you are staying at a $400 dollar a night hotel this is what you get in NYC. Finally the hallways and elevators are not air conditioned so by the time you get to your room you are sweating!We got a good price for this hotel via Priceline and I expected a small room in New York so the &quot;cons&quot; would not prevent me from recommending this hotel or staying here again.	
