	A Good Find in the Upper West Side	We enjoyed our stay at the Excelsior, which is undergoing renovations. We were offered an upgrade to a renovated Jr Suite in the back of the hotel instead of my reservation for a regular King room facing the Museum. However, the smell of new furniture and carpet was a problem for my spouse, so we asked to be moved to an older room. Most people would have been happy with the renovated room, the new TV, and the new furniture. The unrenovated room was nevertheless very nice, spacious and very clean. Although I had wanted a view, in the end I'm happy we didn't get it. The rooms at the back are very quiet, hardly any street noise, and we slept well on a comfortable bed.Staff were pleasant, and a very nice breakfast buffet on the 2nd floor was offered at $12 per person, in a beautifully furnished room.The adjoining restaurant (separate ownership) had a very nice bar off the lobby.The location is excellent. Lots of taxis pass by as 81st is the west side of the 79th St roadway across Central Park. Also the subway to downtown is at the corner.A very pleasant walk across the Park to the Met or the Guggenheim, and across the street is the Natural History Museum and Planetarium.Many good neighborhood (non touristy) restaurants nearby. Great shopping just west on Broadway (again, geared for New Yorkers, not tourists, which is a plus).Prices at the Excelsior seemed reasonable by comparison to other hotels closer to midtown.We would certainly go back.	
	What a shame this well-located hotel is run-down and dimly lit with grumpy staff to boot.	Staying four nights at the Excelsior could have been so ideal. But there were endless waits for crowded elevators (one was broken the entire stay), whole $450 rooms with a single overhead light, door handles falling off interior doors, un-vacuumed hallways where new carpet had been laid, and above all an unwelcoming staff (the housekeeping excepted). This place is ripe for a full makeover!	
	Good marathon hotel - skip it if you're in town for something else	So like the title says, I was there to run the ING New York City Marathon and I picked this hotel for 2 reasons: the price and it's proximity to the finish line.Disliking Times Square I did not want to stay there. Sure it's close to the start line buses (if you're assigned to one) in the morning but thats about it. Moving on to the hotel: the lobby is small with beautiful woodwork but the furniture outdated and there is not enough room to sit. Only 2 couches and 2 chairs. Our room was small but very clean and well kept with a nice view. I really liked the bathroom with it's country charm. The beds are super comfy - important when you're running a marathon- and the blankets are cuddly. Here my dislikes: it was so small that the light from the hallway peered from under the door at night : it was like sleeping with a nightlight on! And since the door is right next to the bed, you hear all the others doors opening and closing.Overall, for that price, you can find a better hotel in NYC. I'm not saying it's terrible, I'm just saying there's better out there. If you're running the marathon, this hotel is only ten blocks from the finish line and you will appreciate getting to your room relatively quickly after the chaos of the finish line. Hotel prices really climb during marathon weekend and I appreciated the under 300$ price tag. Happy running! See you at the finish line!!	
Nov 24 2009 	Great place great location	We stayed in early October, a great time of year with our two young boys at the Excelsior. The reviews on this site are amazingly accurate. The decor was a bit dated, but the room was large. The people were nice. They upgraded us to a suite, but it lacked a great view. To be honest, we were simply thankful for the upgrade. After we had been traveling with our 7 and 4 year old, the space was welcome. The convenience of the location is fantastic, subway, coffee shops and food are all very walkable.	
Nov 24 2009 	A short stay	The staff were helpful but not overly friendly. The room was a large enough, we were situated in a room without a good view, at least there was a nice big window! The room didn't have a mini bar or fridge which was a bit annoying as we wanted to keep our water cool in the heat. The location was great, central enough to get to anywhere in the city using the subway or walk to the lovely Central Park or The Natural History Museum. Whatever you do don't have breakfast at the hotel, it's a rip off and you can find a Starbucks and so many cafes just a few blocks away around Amsterdam Ave.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great view and location limited amenities	Pros: We lucked out with a room with great views - priceless in NYC, especially at the excellent rate we got for the room. But note that if you book through an on-line service such as Expedia - you will only get what they have available on the day you check in. It will meet your basic requirements, eg one or two guests, but you might get a queen or twins. Most of the staff were polite and helpful. The room was small but great for NYC; clean and comfortable if not a picture on the wall. Fantastic Upper West side location, stone's throw from Central Park, right on top of the Natural History Musem. Cons: Very hot and stuffy room smelling heavily of new paint - we couldn't face shutting the windows but no fresh air even with the fan at full blast. Probably could've changed but didn't want to risk losing the awesome view. No mini-bar. Breakfast at $12 a complete and total rip-off - only one donut left, bad cereal, dry bread and machine coffee - don't do it! There is a Starbucks very nearby and plenty of walkable breakfast spots. One VERY curt and unpleasant receptionist somewhat marred the overall impression especially at check-out. Still, the bottom line is that this is a great hotel and we would definitely return.	
Nov 17 2009 	Bed Head Central	The front desk employees are desperately in need of training in gratiously greeting their guests and providing pleasant costumer service during their stay. The housekeeping staff and the valet were the complete opposites.....helpful and most accommodating. The rooms were incredibly heavy with bedroom odor...ie...bed head!! I had to spray perfume on my pillow to block out the odor. YUCK!! I asked for new pillows at the front desk and was abruptly told I could find extras in the closet. Guess what...no pillows in the closet and no pillow replacements were provided after informing the front desk that there were no pillows in the closet.The bathtub was half full of water by the time I finished my shower. YUCK again!! And, the hairdryer is a joke! It died after a minute...I suggest you take your own!It was so hot in the room that it was ridiculous...and this is November! A couple in the elevator with us said they thought they were in a steam bath all night and no satifation with the front desk in remedying the situation.Heads up!! Look further for lodging! You won't regret it!!	
Nov 14 2009 	Great Location	We stayed 3 nights and enjoyed our stay. The hotel was beautiful and the staff friendly and helpful. Even though we liked our stay, I would recommend avioding room 304. The room was spacious and clean BUT had no view as it was blocked by awnings above and below the windows. It also had a window unit that would not be very helpful in the heat of the summer. The bathroom was clean and had all the amenities that you need however it was very hot and became unbearable after a shower. The location was perfect. It is across the street from the Museum of Natural History (3 minute walk), less than a 5 minute walk to Central Park. Starbucks is around the corner but we enjoyed World Coffee each morning. 10 minutes away you have tons of resturants on Amsterdam Ave. to choose from. Time Square is about a $10 cab ride and there is a Metro station at the end of the block. I loved the neighborhood feel and would stay again..	
Nov 7 2009 	A great stay in New York	We very much enjoyed our stay at the Excelsior Hotel. It was only one block from the subway and from Central Park. The location was great as it was about two miles from the madness and noise of Times Square. The hotel is located in a quiet area just blocks away from great restaurants usually dined at by locals. Also, it was just a few blocks away from the Natural History Museum. We were upgraded to a Suite. It was very nice and probably close to 500 square feet. The room had a comfortable bed, and nice furnishings. It also had a kitchenette which consisted of a toaster oven, sink, microwave and fridge. The room was very clean and updated appropriately. The staff were very friendly with the goal of pleasing their guests. Overall, we would highly recommend this hotel. Simply put, if we were ever to go back to New York, the Excelsior Hotel would be our first choice.	
Oct 27 2009 	One block from Central Park three from great bagels - what more could you ask for?	I picked this hotel partly based on the very positive reviews on this site, and they didn't lead me astray! This hotel is in the Upper West Side and is a very residential, leafy area; nothing beats taking an early Sunday morning stroll in Central Park and seeing all the locals as they walk their dogs, jog or cycle round the park. Zabar's deli is only three blocks away, and has a coffee shop attached. The hotel itself was very nice - the staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms clean and the beds the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept in. Yes, the location is a bit off the main drag if you want nightlife, but you can easily go downtown on the subway or cab. It is great for the museums though. It was the week before Hallowe'en when I was there, and it was great to see the stoops decorated with pumpkins and skulls.One quibble - the breakfast is a little limited, in that the only food served are bread products (great range though - bagels, rye, doughnuts, rolls) and dry cereal; some pieces of fruit or cartons of yoghurt would have been welcome!	
Oct 23 2009 	Okay Room but Great Location	The room was quaint and old fashioned, clean but tired and very small. When we arrived and checked in we were told our reservation had been cancelled. After checking on the computer, we were told our reservation was still standing after all. We are married but were given a room with 2 single beds. It was tiny. The bathroom was even smaller and there were no amenities (shampoo etc) offered.When I made the reservation in August, I had made it clear that I wanted a queen or double bed. I was told the hotel was fully booked and there was nothing they could do. I was not happy as we were staying for 4 nights, the rates were not inexpensive and this was, as they knew, an anniversary trip. I checked twice more the next day (day of anniversary) and they were able to find us a room with a double bed but we would have to move our luggage ourselves. We were glad to do so and our next room was signficantly bigger. The bathroom was bigger and there were toiletries.I didn't like the shower/tub plastic curtain arrangement but found this was fairly standard in the hotels I stayed in in America.The bellhop, Mark was friendly, but the desk staff were unhelpful and/or not warm or friendly. And the concierge particularly couldn't be less interested in helping me to print boarding passes or confirm airline departure times or shuttle confirmation. He seemed more annoyed that I had interrupted his newspaper reading.The hotel is in a great location in the Upper West Side which is a nice and clean place to stay. It is literally 2 or 3 mins walk from the nearest subway station, which was extremely convenient and the best thing about this hotel.	
Oct 19 2009 	Good location okay service okay room	The location is good, as it is centered right next to a subway stop and central park. It is on the opposite side of the busier shopping area. The service of the hotel was friendly and okay. Nothing special, but not bad either. Room was fairly small and the 2 beds could not be placed close to each other, if you care about that sort of item. AC worked, and the bathrooms were adequate. There are plenty of restaurants in the area to eat good food.	
Oct 19 2009 	SCAM RATES! BEWARE!!!	We checked their online rates at the hotel's website before calling the hotel's reservations line to make our booking. The phone booking rate was higher than the rate on their website and when we asked if they could offer us the lower rate as reflected on their website, we were told YES. We were specifically told on the phone that while the email confirmation sent to us would reflect a higher rate, we need not worry as the front desk would have a note telling them to honor the lower internet rate. When we checked in, we were told that we would be charged at the higher rate and that we should either &quot;take it or find another hotel&quot; by the reservations manager DAISY and by the general manager IVAN WEINER. We even gave them the name of the reservations agent we spoke to and asked that they verify with her what she represented to us but they said they were not going to do that. We had no choice but to stay on since we are an elderly couple traveling and did not want the hassle of trying to find an alternative hotel and moving our luggage. Incidentally the rate on their website on the day we checked in showed a lower rate and yet they refused to honor it. Dismal, rude service. Scam rates. BEWARE!!	
Oct 11 2009 	Super location	The Excelsior Hotel is located across the street from the Museum of Natural History (remember the movie &quot;Night at the Museum?&quot;) and a block from Central Park, which made for easy walking through the park to the Metropolitan Museum. Quiet, neighborhood atmosphere. Rooms were a pleasant surprise. Clean, with pretty decorative touches. Comfy beds. Cannot recommend the restaurant. We had a bowl of soup before going to the theater and it looked and tasted like warmed up water with a few veggies tossed in. However, there are loads of nearby restaurants. &quot;Fred's&quot; was my favorite for it's delicious and extremely reasonably priced food.	
Oct 9 2009 	Our home away from home.	My husband and I stay at the Excelsior Hotel every time we go to New York and we love it! The rooms are very comfortable and cozy. If you reserve a park view room, you won't be disappointed. On a clear day you literally can see for miles. The front desk staff are always very helpful. The bellhop however, is not. But that is the only downside of staying at this hotel. We were upgraded to a suite last time we stayed. The location is great! The &quot;A and C&quot; trains are just a few steps away and the 1, 2, or 3 trains are just a couple of blocks away. Like I said, we feel like this is our home away from home.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great place to stay in New York City	We stayed at the Excelsior Hotel for a break in New York City, and were very very pleased with the hotel. The rooms were a good size for New York, and the bed was very comfortable indeed, a great nights sleep every night after much walking around the city. Lovely en suite bathroom with bath tub and shower, all nicely decorated in a sweet style, I suppose kind of old-fashioned but very nice nonetheless, and most importantly, very clean and tidy, and useable. A little built in wardrobe with plenty of hangers, and we had a pretty view out onto the little park opposite on 81st Street. The staff were helpful with bags, taxis and information. We took breakfast at the hotel one morning and this was good value, as you could go back for more, cereals pastries toast and so on, and the setting in the library room is relaxing. There were some good places to eat within a short walking distance, our favourite was Sarabeth's for a delicious breakfast/brunch. On a weekend there is a craft market on the nearby Columbus Avenue which is great to browse around. The hotel is only a short walk to Central Park so we wandered around there quite a bit. There is a subway station at the end of 81st Street if you are tired and can't walk all the way downtown again. So a great hotel, in a quieter Upper West side location, clean and comfortable, and with good links to the city.	
Oct 8 2009 	location location location	Nice room next to the park with great views..	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location	We've stayed at this hotel twice now and have enjoyed each stay. The hotel is within walking distance to Central Park, a subway station and many local restaurants. We love the quaint feel of the hotel and its location in a more residential area of town. Excellent hospitality.	
Oct 5 2009 	Stay away from this unethical bait and switch dump	This dump pulled a total bait and switch with me on the phone telling me the rate was one thing (and letting me reserve it at that rate on my credit card!) only to later hike it up 500% and tell me to take it or leave it after I'd made all my other travel arrangements! The hotel manager thought this was perfectly reasonable and offered no apology or anything saying only that he was sure someone would take it at the higher rate so I could take it or be stranded. Avoid this unethical dump at all costs. They're more interested in scamming than service.	
Sep 23 2009 	Nice clean hotel if in need of a little refurb	When we arrived at the hotel we were met by a very friendly and helpful Bell Captain who took our luggage and took us to the reception desk where he waited for us to check in and then escorted us to our room. There were 2 reception staff on at the time of our check in who were having an arguement about something in front of customers whilst we checked in (not very professional). The hotel is an older hotel and the decore in the reception area is in keeping with this, everything is very clean and nice. The elevators were very quick and a good size. The corridors and the room itself are clean but in needs of a refurbishment. Our room had single beds, haven't experienced that in a while and everything, whilst clean, is old and dated. The safe didn't work in our room and I had to dry my hair in 3 stages as the hairdryer in the bathroom overheats and shuts off. The shower head, which doesn't move, points sideways at a wall so you have to get between it and the wall to have a shower. There were also no Tea or Coffee making facilities in the room and the rooms do not have air con. The area around the hotel is very nice and there are quite a few restaurants in the area to choose from as well as deli and supermarkets to pick stuff up from. There is a subway station at the end of the block. I was glad I got a good price for the hotel and it was probably about worth what I paid for it. I would not have been pleased if I had paid full price for this as even for New York I would have been over charged. That being said, I would stay at this hotel again if I got a good deal on the price as it is perfectly acceptable. If this review is read by the management of the hotel I hope it is taken as advice, not criticism as this is a quite nice hotel it just needs some updating.	
Sep 20 2009 	Excellent hotel great location!	My husband and I stayed at the Excelsior for two nights while in NYC and very much enjoyed our stay. We booked on-line for a very reasonable price for NYC. On arrival, we were upgraded to a suite which gave us plenty of room. Our suite was elegantly furnished, although somewhat worn. The beds were really comfortable, with high quality bedding including a duvet. The bathroom was updated and very well equipped. No coffee maker, but with the rainy weather we made good use of the pants presser, something we've never had in a hotel before. The location was perfect--away from the noise of midtown, in a really nice, quiet neighbourhood, across from a park and the Museum of Natural History. Central Park was only a block away, subway station less than a block. Just a nice walk across Central Park to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, a great place tp spend a few hours. We didn't try the hotel breakfast, but there are lots of restaurants nearby--Lenny's (on Columbus) was great for breakfast or lunch (inexpensive but very good, offering H and H bagels, the best in NYC). For lunch we liked Uno, a chain restaurant but very good. We had dinner at Eighty One, not part of the hotel but located in same building, which was excellent for a more formal dining experience. We were able to get last minute theatre tickets through the hotel concierge, but would recommend purchasing tickets in advance on-line as it would be cheaper. We loved this hotel, and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Cheap clean and great location	I stayed there for one week with my mother this summer. The Excelsior is an elegant mid-class hotel on the upper west side(second bet area in NYC)! The dark wood interior of the hotel is very elegant and clean. The room was normal sized for NYC and very tidy. Beautiful bathroom with a bath tub. From the windows!! you could see central park even tough we booked a cheaper north city view!!! Front desk staff was very polite and helpful and so was the doorman. There were 2 different concierges whereas one of them (the male one) was really helpful and the other one (female) has been kind of harsh!The location of the hotel is just perfect. Nice area - broadway/restaurant row just 2 blocks away. Adjacent to the Museum of Natural History. A subway station is right next to the hotel - very good connections even at night!Overall a really neat hotel in a great location. I would definitely recommend it!!!	
Sep 17 2009 	Better than your average New York Hotel	Having read numerous reviews about the standard of Hotels in NY it was with trepidation that we checked into this Hotel. We arrived late but were immediately upgraded to a suite at no charge. The room was large unlike what we were lead to belive was the norm in NYC. Even when we changed rooms after returning to to NYC we were given a standard room which was perfect for our needs even if not as spacious as our inital suite. Hotel room costs in NYC are high compared to the rest of the USA but this hotel was value for money.It is a little away from Downtown but with a subway staion on the corner getting into the centre was not a problem.	
Sep 14 2009 	Small quiet lovely area. Convenient location.	I travelled to NYC to meet up with some friends to walk in the Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure. This hotel was a little gem on a quiet street. I had a view of the small park across the street. The rooms were small, but immaculate. The bathroom was also small but immaculate. The bed was very comfortable. It would have been nice to have had a small coffee maker in the room, but Starbucks was less than a block away on Columbus. This hote was convenient to the subway, museums, Columbus Avenue and Central Park. The staff was friendly and professional. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for something in a beautiful, quiet area after a day in the big city.	
Sep 12 2009	The Excelsior - Loved this hotel	Spent 6 nights in The Excelsior and loved it. It's quite an old fashioned hotel, and perhaps the rooms could do with updating. However, it had everything we needed, was spotlessly clean and the beds were so comfortable.The location is absolutely perfect - 5 minutes walk to Central Park, 2 minutes walk to the Subway if you want to go Downtown, and it has lots of great restaurants and delis nearby. Only down-side was the Reception staff. There was one young lady in particular who didn't even raise her head when answering my questions. She was rather rude. We didn't try the food at all, as there were so many other places nearby. If I'm every lucky enough to return to New York, I will definitely try to book this hotel again.	
Aug 28 2009 	Quiet clean hotel near art and history museums.	We just got back from visiting NYC. We wanted to see the typical tourist sites and wanted to be in a quiet neighborhood, and the Excelsior Hotel was clean, quiet, and near the subway and Central Park. We visited the Metropolitan Art Museum (15 min. walk across Central Park) over a period of 2 days, so it was good that we were close by. It is located across the street from the Natural History Museum, which is also quite large.I was glad to not be staying at Times Square area, because it was so crowded and noisy. It pays to get familiar with the subway map, because it can be confusing to find your way around. We got a good rate on the internet, so that was a real plus. The Excelsior does not have a refrigerator, microwave or even a coffee maker in the room, so walk 2 blocks to Starbucks, Zabars (great bread), or H and H on Columbus Ave. for breakfast , Also, try the UNO restaurant across the street for lunch or dinner. The food is very good and reasonable- the mini brownie dessert is only $1.99!	
Aug 26 2009 	Great quiet uptown location near Central Park	We just spent 4 nights at the hotel on a holiday with 2 small children. The hotel room was small but clean and well organized. The furnishings were a litte dated but the beds were very comfortable. Our room faced north and was very quiet. The check in and out was very easy and making reservations were professionally done over the phone. Although we took cabs during our stay the subway is conveniently located at the end of 81st Street.The bathroom was recently renovated and had brand new fixtures. The water pressure in the shower was amazing and the water very hot. I ordered up extra towels and they were delivered in minutes. There is a no slip mat for kids located in the bathtub hanging on a metal fixture which we thought was odd. Our room had an older small colour TV and I would have preferred a larger flat sceeen TV. I found the air conditioning unit to be very loud but I lowered the fan speed to LOW from HI to alleviate part of the noise, It was leaking on our second day and the hotel fixed it in hours while we out of the room. The hotel is conveniently located one block from Central Park and across from the Museum of Natural History. There is a playground for kids just inside the park on the left hand side that my children really liked. If you walked north from that location there are 2 more playgrounds for children. They are both quite sandy and have water elements. Pack aqua socks/crocs and a swimsuit if you are using these playgrounds in the summer. We took the kids down south through the park to the Boathouse for lunch. There is a great takeout area beside the indoor restaurant with a family friendly eating area with shade and sun.The hotel is a block from Columbus Avenue where there is a Starbucks (N/W corner) that opens at 6AM and many family friendly restaurants. We recommend the Shake Shack (great burgers) 2 blocks south on Columbus and Lenny's (breakfast or lunch) and Cilantro (dinner) 2 blocks to the north at 468 Columbus . We would certainly return and revisit this hotel in the future.	
Aug 21 2009 	clean quaint convenient great location	Stayed here on a recommendation of a friend who had previously stayed here. Upon reading other reviews i was prepared for a rude staff .... that never occurred. Front desk help was courteous and prompt and the doormen and housekeeping staff friendly and quick to help. Room was small but for twin beds very comfortable - probably one of the most comfortable hotel beds and pillows i've slept on. Bathroom was well stocked with toiletries and towls ... shower was always hot and great water pressure. Rooms are relatively quiet and the design of the floors makes it so they are not on one long hallway which probably helps keep the noise down.Across from the Museum of Natural History and near central park the location is excellent. Neighborhood restaurants and shops were an quick and easy walk and cabs of course are plentiful. Location is also quieter and a bit removed from the craziness of times square and downtown areas. The restuarant that is attached to the hotel EightyOne was excellent. We stopped in for a drink after an exhausting first day and ended up ordering off the grill menu. The gimlet was excellent and even a simple hamburger was stellar. wouldn't hesitate ot stay here again or recommend.	
Aug 19 2009 	Excellent location and staff; tidy rooms	Helpful staff. Small but very tidy and quiet room. Great location right near the subway, Central Park, and Museum of Natural History.	
Aug 18 2009 	Read if you are visiting for leisure	The negative points;Very little on site facilities, the restaurant/bar does not belonging to the Hotel, so you cannot bring drinks up to your room.Staff are ok, but if you are a tourist, don't expect advise unless they can earn from it! I asked about shopping but all they could tell (sell) me about was an excursion costing $40 PP. It is 30/40 blocks away from the real centreOn a positive - because it is outside time square it is quite and sleeping is no issue, It is clean with good standards, getting around - it is close to the metro, there is good dining near by and all the museum art galleries are close by.I would stay here again, but only if I had the great price I had	
Aug 15 2009 	Great location comfortable rooms	This was the third time I stayed at the Excelsior and I was as content as always. The hotel couldn't be better located - next to a subway station and a crosstown bus and within walking distance of Lincoln Center and surrounded by good restaurants.The rooms are large and comfortably furnished and are spotlessly clean. The hotel shows its age and could stand a little refurbishing, The staff is polite but not very outgoing or warm. These are relatively unimportant complaints compared to the location and the comfort of the rooms.	
Aug 14 2009 	great location very poor hotel	perfect location in NY, but the hotel in itself is very poor. Dated decor, unfriendly personnel, useless and grumpy concierge, VERY noisy air con, broken telly, no room service, broken down lift, the list goes on. Again, the location is perfect,but I would not recommend this hotel.	
Aug 14 2009 	The best location in New York	My Husband and I have returned from our trip to New York and the Excelsior was an excellent choice. It really pays to stay in Manhattan! The Hotel is just around the corner from the Subway and also a stones throw from Central Park. We enjoyed morning strolls through the park and ate occasionally at SaraBeth's on the corner of 5th Avenue...around £12 each for eggs and great coffee.Breakfast at the Hotel is filling but very bread-based, croissants, toast, cereals, bagels but also some lovely starbucks coffee! $10 each at the hotel.Beds are incredibly comfortable and we had a great nights sleep!I didn't see any attitude from the reception staff and they even upgraded us to a suite as it was our honeymoon.The hotel was very clean, a lovely traditional NY style and internet access in the foyer for £2 per half hour to email my family.If you are planning on sightseeing just get a daily Metro pass for $8 each. All the trains are connecting so just get a decent map and you'll have loads of fun travelling around!	
Aug 10 2009 	Great hotel for family with young kids	We spent one night and it was great! Hotel location is perfect. Room- 1 br suite - was spacious (bathroom in our 1 BR suite was near front door, unlike shown in pics). I did peek into one of the single queen rooms and it did look small. Hotel had no rooms on reservation line but Expedia.com had rooms at good rates.Tips:Great Playground just inside Central Park @ 81st street (less than a block from the hotel)Street parking was easy to get Saturday night (no pay for meters after 7pm and free on Sunday)Use service elevator if elevators are running slowly (one of the two main elevators was out most of our short stay) it is located to right of the main elevators, just past the mail slot on the wall.great pizza &amp; custom mac &amp; cheese at PINCH &amp; Smac on west side of Columbus ave btw 82nd &amp;83rdparking at Museum of Natural History is $27 for 24 (with hotel discount) - this is a bargain as other garages are $40+ for 24 hours (MONH garage closes at 10pm) - ended up parking on street right in front of the hotel.Children's Museum of Manhattan is just a few blocks awayI could not get the hotel wireless service to work with my ipod touch - couldn't get signup to work. Luckily I was able to use an open connection (I'm guessing from the apartment building next door, hopefully they didn't steal any of my info)	
Aug 7 2009 	Classy get-away	My husband and I spent the weekend here as a mini-vacation. Great location, very clean and comfortable room, fabulous restaurant (Eighty-One) on the premises. Enjoyed the old-world charm of the place.	
Aug 7 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	This hotel is great! I booked this hotel on EasyClickTravel.com and stayed here for a business trip back in May and my expectations were met and then some. The staff is great, the rooms are clean and the location is superb. For a 4 star the price is very good as well. One thing to note is that the WiFi is pretty much available everywhere in the hotel but you have to pay extra for it, it's not free.	
Aug 4 2009 	excellent location and value	We loved our weekend stay at the Excelsior. It's right next to the Museum of Natural History and Central Park, which made it a great location. There's a subway stop at the end of the block, super easy. They upgraded us to a junior suite for free, which was a great way to start our day. Awesome showerhead in the bathroom!!!My only complaint was that you had to pay for wi-fi. I get free wi-fi at crappy beach hotels in FL, but have to pay for it in a nice hotel on the Upper West Side? What's that about?	
Jul 22 2009	great hotel quiet location excellent service brilliant trip	lovely hotel on the upper west side. the hotel is right next door to the american museum of natural history and just off central park. its a 20 minute walk to midtown but we really enjoyed not being slap bang in the middle of midtown and liked the quieter west side especially walking through the bottom of central park on most days. The metro is right on the street corner so very handy to get further down the island if you dont want to walk.The excelsior is 'quaint' and traditional but clean and very comfortable. nice rooms with plenty of space and nice traditional bathrooms. tip: ask for a room not next to the lifts as they can be a little noisy if you want a lie in! The service is very good and all staff very pleasant.We didnt eat in the hotel (it was a little too upmarket for us) but found lots of lovely places to eat. try the cupcakes at magnolias bakery on 71st street or brooklyn diner on 56th. Wholefoods at columbus circle is great for picnic food to eat in the park but also has a eat in area as well if you just want to grab a quick bite to eat from the massive deli.other tips we recommend is the helicopter ride over manhattan - worth every penny, if that is a little out of budget try theboat trip round the bottom of the island - excellent value for money and a great way to see and find out more about NYC. Go to WTC site - a very moving experience, the wtc tribute centre is definately worth a look when your there too.we 'did' the tv and movie theatre trip, again great value and very entertaining! lots to see in the 3 hours and they show you clips of the films on the tour so you can compare fact from fiction!Hope this helps, off again at easter but unfortunatley cant get into the excelsior this time! lets hope the other one we have booked is just as good!	
Jul 16 2009 	Great summer vacation	Great location- near restaurants, museums, subway, parks, and shops! Older hotel with a lot of character---clean and comfortable. The bellman and the cleaning staff were very nice and helpful. No problems--Overall great stay!	
Jul 13 2009 	Good location Good Service Great Stay	After reading the reviews on this site, my expectations for The Excelsior were high. I was not disappointed. We had a great stay. The location is wonderful. It is convenient to the Museum of Natural History, Central Park, and the subway. There are plenty of restaurants close by. H and H Bagels is a must visit for breakfast. Since the hotel is located in a residential area, it gave us a feel for how living in New York really is. There were people walking their dogs and pushing their strollers. We checked in early and we were upgraded to a suite at no extra charge. The staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was well maintained, the air conditioner worked great, and it was very quiet. The hotel will validate parking at the Museum of Natural History for $26 per 24 hours. We had a great experience and we will definitely be staying at The Excelsior on our next trip to NYC!	
Jul 8 2009 	Good value great location	My best friend and I were looking for an economical choice close to the museums and Central Park and the Excelsior was a good choice. We found it to be comfortable and we had a good view even though our room didn't face the park, the city-scape at night was really cool. The staff was pleasant and we didn't have any complaints, I slept great every night. There were plenty of places to eat within walking distance and we had a great time.	
Jun 30 2009 	Book this hotel	I came to NYC as a belated 16th birthday present for my daughter. She brought a friend and so did I. We were thrilled with the Excelsior -- we recieved an unexpected upgrade to a suite, which was beautiful -- it really did look just like the pictures online. The air conditioning worked perfectly ( a particular concern of mine); even the bathroom was beautiful with nice touches like a pedistal sink and supply of Q-tips and cotton balls,hairdryer and phone. . Great location, friendly staff - and we were even able to check in early, which was a bonus. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 26 2009 	Blackpool B	I booked this through the internet as a trip on the last leg of our honeymoon paid four star prices for two nights. The entrance looks the part and the exterior and the bell boy service all look great. The room was small with frilly curtains and bedspread - air conditioning was basic and provided no cool air at all. The bathroom was tiny - it was like a nice cosy dated B&amp;B which is fine if thats what you paid for but we didn't. The satff were less than helpful when I asked for directions to the subway they were less than obliging.	
Jun 25 2009 	Not that great	The neighbourhood was lovely but staying in this neighbourhood you would expect better service. The staff were not overly helpful and they charge you for ridiculous things. The room is dated - I can live with thatthe tv had terrible sound- time to upgradeThe nickel and dime you for wireless, telephone calls etc.The nicest lady at the hotel was the housekeeperfor the price i would expect more- Stay at the Fitpatrick Grand - different area but the staff make you feel welcome	
Jun 25 2009 	good hotel - bad internet	We stayed one night in order to visit museums and see a bit of NYC with our 2 daughters ages 2 &amp; 8. We were upgraded to a one bedroom suite and it was lovely. The hotel is in a great location, has a nice continental breakfast and is kept up well. The only downside is that the internet is abysmally slow. It is not worth even purchasing it.	
Jun 24 2009 	Clean quiet confortable hotel	Spent a week in New York with friends and booked into the Excelsior hotelGreat location, right next to Central Park and underground which takes to straight into downtown New York. It is also 25 min walking distance from Downtown. Plenty of restaurants nearby and nice view over Roosevelt Park and Downtown from our room.Rooms were clean and confortable. The only thing missing was coffee and tea making facilities in the morning. Staff were friendly. Would go back there again	
Jun 13 2009 	Lovely More than Expected	I stayed here for 2 nights June 3rd and 4th in a 1-bedroom suite (unexpected upgrade!). This hotel is beautiful and clean. It has an Old World feel but is not &quot;tired&quot;. Bathroom had upgraded fixtures. All 3 rooms were clean and spacious. Bed was very comfortable. Clean robes, to wear while there, were provided at no additional charge. Central Park is a very short distance away. The American Museum of Natural History is directly across the street as well as the Theodore Roosevelt Park. The hotel offers a continental breakfast for an additional $10 which is adequate. Many very nice restaurants on Columbus Ave, which is not even a block away from the hotel. A Starbucks is right on Columbus not even a 5 minute walk. Another few minutes south on Columbus is a wonderful deli, Andy's Deli!  A subway and bus stop is not even 2 minutes walk away (turn left as you exit the hotel). On one day I walked from Rockefeller Center to the hotel. This was quite a walk but is very doable if you are in sufficient shape for walking. Many areas to stop and rest along the way. The whole area is lovely. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 9 2009 	Excellent hotel	We were very pleased. We had a large room with an additional smaller room. It is in an excellent location - just 1/2 block from Central Park.	
Jun 8 2009 	Happy Xmas	My better half and I have been to the States several times, but this was our first visit to NYC. We read some mixed reviews before going, but overall we were happy with our choice. Sure the room was smaller than you would expect elewhere, but I understand this is common for NYC.Location and price were great. Staff did their job - OK, not overy friendly but we werent in the hotel much anyway.	
Jun 2 2009 	I will never come back again	I came to NYC with my daughter for Broadway shows. As I would like to stay in an area which is not far away from Time Square (just within walking distance). When I saw the website mentioned that this hotel is centrally located in NYC to many locations such as Time Square, I chose this hotel because I had a good experience in staying Excelsior Hotel in HK for many times. However, I was quite disappointed about the location. The room is not as good as the standard of 4-star. The TV channels are not clear. Wireless Internet (paid) was slow. This hotel is totally different what I have thought about the Brand of Excelsior. When I complained with the front desk staff, she was really not patient.	
May 27 2009	What a Great Safe Neighborhood!	Other than the smallness of the room (which is not unusual in NYC), the hotel was great. The best thing about the Excelsior is its location. My sister &amp; I walked a few blocks from the many restaurants at 1:30am, and I did not feel unsafe. There are so many restaurants and bars in the surrounding couple of blocks, that there were tons of people just walking around late at night. I even found street parking for the weekend! It's a beautiful old hotel which has been kept up. The room and bathroom were clean. I wouldn't call it luxurious, but I would call it old-world charm. Our room had a beautiful view overlooking the Museum. Because the windows are old, it was a bit noisy even though we were on the 11th floor, so I would bring earplugs if that would bother you. I will stay there again.	
May 26 2009 	Nice area great price friendly service	Quick summary: the staff was friendly, the room was clean and quiet, and the hotel is in a great location on the Upper West Side--less than a block from Central Park and a subway station, and across the street from the American Museum of Natural History.My fiance and I are frequent travelers to NYC and had an enjoyable experience at the Excelsior. We went Sat-Mon, Memorial Day weekend and this was out first time staying there. No complaints!We parked across the street in the AMNH's garage (make sure you have the hotel's front desk validate your parking ticket upon checkout for the discounted rate). Our biggest surprise was getting upgraded to a one-bedroom suite from a regular room, at no charge! Room notes: windows on three walls, two heater-A/C units, queen bed, pull-out sofa, two TVs, and a minibar. Like most hotels, their WiFi is available for a fee, but I was able to pick up another wireless access point to use for free (usual in most NYC neighborhoods).	
May 23 2009 	Great location very tiny room and mediocre service	We stayed at the Excelsior on the last 2 days of our trip in the USA. Upn arriving at the hotel we were met by a less than friendly staff member but later discovered he is always a bit grumpy whereas other staff members are extremely helpful. The room was tiny and we could not have stayed any longer in it but this was adequate for the bargain rate we paid for the room. No tea or coffee making facilities. Rooms very old fashioned but bathrooms very clean and have both bath and shower. Hotel overlooks Natural History Museum which was very useful. We also stayed in Midtown and would recommend this hotel if you want to experience the neighbourhood life of New York. Hotels in Midtown are more central to see the main tourist attractions.	
May 22 2009 	Fantastic hotel Fantastic location wonderful holiday!!	I cannot rate this hotel highly enough!The staff were absolutely lovely-please ignore reviews to the contrary we had no problems and found them helpful and very pleasant!Our room had an amazing view of the park and skyline-I doubt we will ever find one to equal it in New York City- and the room was comfortable and very clean. Very comfortable beds too. The shower was rather old however but that is my only criticism and I made this point on the comment card I handed in at the hotel.The location of the hotel was perfect, close to bus stops, the subway and cabs go past the hotel all the time. Lots of great areas just walking distance though, including Central Park, Broadway etc. Lots of great places to eat close by too.In short, I would definitely recommend this hotel and hope to go back again soon. A wonderful holiday!	
May 18 2009 	Good choice for a first-time NYC visitor	Our group of 4 adults stayed at the Excelsior for 6 nights in two standard rooms between Apr 27 - May 3, 2009. As this was the first trip to NYC for all of us, the location was excellent: a peaceful residential middle class neighbourhood, with one metro station in less than 100 metres and another with different lines just a few blocks away. Central Park and Museum of Natural History are right across the street, the Guggenheim and a lot more museums across the park.The Excelsior has a certain traditional old world atmosphere that we found quite cosy. The rooms are perhaps a little worn but very clean. The front desk staff were ok and professional, no complaints about that. Don't use the $10 breakfast buffet, it's not worth it. The avenues nearby - Columbus, Amsterdam and Broadway - all offer plenty of breakfast choices, for example Manhattan Diner is excellent. Visit Zabar's at Broadway for delicacy souvenirs.I could easily recommend the Excelsior to anyone who appreciates a peaceful location with excellent connections. MarttiHelsinki, Finland	
Apr 21 2009 	Gr8t hotel for girlfriend getaway!	Six girlfriends stayed at this hotel April 17-19th. We thought it was a great hotel and reasonably priced. One of our rooms was upgraded to a suite which we &quot;dubbed&quot; our party room. The bathroom in the suite was smaller than the one in our standard double bed room, however. But no matter...the rooms were clean and a good size. The beds were very comfy, too! We had no problems with heating or air conditioning unit. I thought the decor in the hotel was charming. The lobby is marbled floors, mahogany wood and a nice little bar that is chic and welcoming. The hotel staff was not rude at all...in fact they were quite pleasant! There are so many restaurants right around the corner which we only discovered our last night there. So, when you come out of the hotel, turn right, then turn right again on Columbus and you will see anything that suites your palette from Sushi to Mexican. The subway is also right there as well as the Central Park. We ventured to take the subway and it was a piece of cake...as native New Yorkers helped us when we asked!! I would definitely stay there again...as it was a very SAFE neighborhood with beautiful Brownstones left and right and trees blooming like mad. What a great hotel. We were not disappointed at all and plan to return next year! p.s. And we had no trouble with the elevators....they were fast!	
Apr 20 2009 	Excelsior exceeded expectations...	My teenager daughter and I spent 4/16-4/17/09 in NYC. Our expectations are high because we lived in Manhattan for a few years...this location is excellent within 1 block of central park west and the 81st subway stop, at the Museum of Natural History whose side park is outside the front door. Local restaurants are top notch and affordable. The lobby is small, but beautiful wood and marble. We stayed on the 11th floor, an end unit with a balcony! It was quiet, I slept well both nights-which I never did when I lived there. The bright bathroom's french tile was the perfect mix of floral/white. We had a great rate and then received a room upgrade, so a real deal. The continental breakfast in the second floor library at $10 was a pleasant surprise, starbucks coffee and a latte machine made even my teenager happy. This allowed us to get our day off to a quick start and kept us going until dinner; so we saw 3 colleges and shopped in between. I definitely will return and highly recommend it, but do shop around for discount rates. BEWARE of the minibar, just moving items to store a water bottle left us with charges; the front desk did credit us at check-out based on our word alone. A class act!	
Apr 20 2009 	Perfect Place with Kids Great Rate	What a treat. The rooms are somewhat small, but the price was right ($130 per night through hotels.com + tax) , place was very clean. And if you have kids with you, the location is fabulous. Right across the street of the Museum of Natural History. Just off Central Park Wst, Near the Great Restaurants of Columbus Ave. (There's a Shake shack down the street a few blocks away now). The staff was friendly, the cntinental breakfast included was ample. A great reduced rate for parking at $27 per day at the museum of natural history garage. ( You can''t beat that in the city where the rate is usually around 45-50 bucs a day now).Rooms with 2 beds are single beds, small kids can share, but these are definately &quot;single&quot; size beds and not the full size you might typically expect in a room with 2 beds.	
Apr 19 2009 	I'll be back	My spouse and I stayed here while attending the opening day game at Yankee Stadium. My husband travels a lot so he is very tolerant of hotel issues. I, on the other hand, easily get hotel cooties. We got a super discount and our room had two twin beds. :( My husband and I are tall people and the beds were a little short, but very comfortable. The size of the room was decent by NY standards. Bathroom was very clean. Room clean. Great location. Tons of places to eat on Columbia and Amsterdam. Subway is close.I find no fault with the Excelsior. I'm hard to please.	
Apr 18 2009 	Rude Reception Staff Didn't Care That They Couldn't Find Our Booking	We arrived at the Excelsior Hotel Manhattan at 5pm local time having flown from Dublin. We presented our accomodation voucher from a reputable Travel Agency to check in. The extremely rude reception staff proceded to ignore us &amp; talk to each other about how they could not find our reservation. As Hotel-Beds had finished for the evening they told us we could have a room for one night &amp; that we'd have to sort it out the next day. First thing the next morning, they put an express check out slip under our door. We proceeded down to reception &amp; made some calls to our Travel Agent. The travel agent tried to phone the reception desk to speak with us however the male Receptionist had no interest in assisting us &amp; hung up the phone on our Travel Agent several times as well as being obnoxiously rude to us in the mean time and making us feel as though we were pestering him or some how trying to blag our way into their hotel. The hotel had no interest in clarifying our situation or confirming that we were in fact booked for the duration of our stay &amp; that we had actually paid in advance. They left it to us to speak with the booking agent &amp; eventually resolve that the reason the hotel stated that we had no reservation was because they'd recorded my firstname as my surname &amp; vice versa &amp; they did not trust that I was the person I stated I was on check in as my name was backwards! - I would definitely not recommend this hotel to anyone who appreciates good service.	
Apr 1 2009 	Perfect location for a hotel in New York City - I recommend this hotel	The location is fabulous - it’s quiet, but near everything. Instead of noise and people outside, you see neighbors walking their dogs (sometimes with sweaters and booties on). Yet, you have everything you need very close by – restaurants, shopping, and 2 subway stations that allow you to get anywhere in the city you need to go. I recommend this hotel – primarily for the location. We stayed at the end of March, in a museum view, 2 twin bed standard room. This is the smallest room they offer, and they are limited and go quickly. But they are a great deal if you can live with that size. And in New York City, who wants to hang out in their hotel room anyway? I heard negative things about the staff before our visit. We did not find them warm and chatty, but they were professional and business-like. We had no problems with the service. The elevators are small and crowded at peak times, but it’s an old building (beautifully restored however). We used the air conditioning at night and it worked fine and was not overly noisy. We stayed the last weekend in March for an outstanding price. The room costs go up in April. The weather was cool, but quite comfortable most of the time. The hotel provides a nice hair dryer, iron and ironing board, shampoo, soap. They do not provide body lotion or hair conditioner.Pros:• Outstanding location – quiet residential area, but very near museums, restaurants, delis, shopping, 2 subway stations, and bus stop.• Comfortable beds, with plenty of pillows and blankets• Beautiful view• Outstanding value if you can live with a smaller room• Nice blow dryer• Very clean and beautifully restored• Cable TVCons:• No hair conditioner offered• Small, slow, crowded elevators• Silly tray of snacks on top of the minibar – if you move them, they get charged to your room. We were afraid of knocking them over, and the thing flashed an annoying red light that we had to carefully cover at night it was so bright.Tips:• Ask for museum view – you get the small park right in front, then the History museum , then the New York City skyline behind – gorgeous!• Bring your own hair conditioner – or go around the corner and buy it when you get there• Park West pharmacy just around the corner – turn right on Columbus – for anything you might need – beauty products, bottles of water, etc.• Deli on Columbus just south of hotel (between 80th and 81st) – cheap breakfast and lunch sandwiches, bagels toasted with cream cheese, cold bottles of water and soda, snacks• Many great restaurants on Columbus, Amsterdam, Broadway - a short walk away• EuroPan on Broadway and 78th for cheesecake and other goodies. Also sandwiches, breakfast.• H&amp;H (on Broadway and 80th) is not good if you want just a bagel to eat for breakfast. They are mainly a place for getting a bunch of bagels to take home. They won’t slice, toast or add cream cheese for you.• M79 bus will take you to 5th Avenue across Central Park, to a stop close to the Met. It comes every few minutes to the bus stop next to the A,C subway station by the museum, just east of the hotel on 81st. It’s a metrocard ride – just like the subway.• C is the local train from the museum subway station. 1 is the local train from the station at Broadway and 79th. Locals make all the stops, including the black dots on the map. The express trains only stop at the stations marked with a white dot on the subway map.• The Met and the History museum have suggested admission prices. You don’t have to pay the full amount! At the History museum, you’ll have to pay the full amount to see special exhibits or shows, but not for the museum only.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great place to stay in Manhattan	This review is a little late, as I stayed at the Excelsior right before Christmas. I booked this hotel at escapes.ca as a packaged vacation and I felt like I got a good deal, since the Excelsior is on the Upper West side. I stayed here for 3 nights.The location was great, as its right across from the Subway (literally 1-2 minute walk). It is also across from the Museum and a 3 minute walk to Central Park. If you like to shop, walk further southwest to find stores such as Sephora and Filene's Basement. There are plenty of restaurants nearby since the restaurant itself doesn't have a restaurant (I believe there's one right beside it though). For breakfast, we went to the cafe diagonally across the street. Within walking distance there's also a pharmacy and a Japanese restaurant that's opened late if you get the late-night munchies. To go to Times Square, I believe its only a 10-minute subway ride.The hotel itself is a little old and the guest rooms are on the small side, but everything was clean. Internet is not free in rooms, which is typical of hotels in Manhattan. I can't remember the hotel rating, but I would give think its close to a Quality Inn/Comfort Inn level. For the location alone, I would return to this hotel again.	
Mar 28 2009 	Great Stay -- Will Stay Again	We stayed at the Excelsior for a long weekend in mid-march. The group consisted of my husband and me and our friend and her boyfriend. (All in our 20s.) We got a great deal through Travelocity -- two nights plus airfare from Pittsburgh for $519/couple. My husband and I stayed at the Excelsior several years ago and enjoyed our stay. So, I booked without consulting tripadvisor first. But I got worried when I read some of the reviews -- had the place gone to pot in those years? NO!The hotel is a solid 3* joint. It has a lovely lobby and the front desk people were very pleasant, despite the fact that the hotel was full. (The poor bellman seemed a bit overwhelmed, but was very professional nonetheless.) The hotel also has a restaurant which is very well reviewed, but we never got the chance to step in as we were too busy running around the city. I was quite pleased with our room, which I conclude was an upgrade from what we booked. (Our room the first trip, though large for NYC, was not nearly as big.) We had a two-room, I guess it must be called, suite. The bedroom had a queen size bed and the adjoining room had its own television (which I couldn't get to show cable, but I didn't call to see what the deal was either since I didn't care) and a pull-out couch. The linens were of nice quality, as were the toiletries left for us. Though I didn't check, our friends apparently had the same type of room on the other side of our floor. The desk and a few cracked tiles in the bathroom did show some limited signs of wear -- but certainly not unattractive. I think the only reason I even noticed was because of some of the reviews I'd read on this website. Oh, and for the reviewer complaining about the street noise -- are you kidding me?! It's New York! While I didn't notice ANY street noise at the Excelsior, I certainly expect some when I have a street-facing room in NYC!The hotel is in a great location. (I personally prefer to stay out of midtown b/c it's just not my scene.) There is a subway station at the end of the block, as is Central Park. The natural history museum is right across the street. We found things we want to do well within walking distance. (For example, we walked from Rockefeller Center through the Park to the hotel, which a stop at the Shake Shack to be a fun afternoon activity. If you stay at this hotel, you must stop at the Shake Shack!) All in all, the four of us were perfectly pleased by our stay. (It would have been a good deal even at much higher price!) As it turned out, I stayed an extra night in the City for business, transferring to the Benjamin (Lex at 50th) to be closer to my firm's NYC office since it was St. Pat's and I knew the City would be a mess. While the Benjamin was a bit nicer, I wouldn't pick it over the Excelsior except for the reason that brought me there in the first place.Also -- for your reference (since I find these things to be important in evaluating a review) -- I travel reasonably frequently for business (staying in Hyatts and Omnis generally) and have stayed in NYC many times (for pleasure) at hotels such as the Hyatt at Grand Central, the Millennium Hilton, Le Parker Meridien, and the Sheraton.	
Mar 26 2009 	Great location great hotel but beware of the rude and menacing maintenance guy	We we very well impressed by the location and good quality of the hotel, good and confortable room, good toilette and good service upon arrival, all went well until we had to call maintenance in order to take our things out of the safe becoiuse it run out of batteries. The service was slow, though we were in a hurry, and had to call three times, then a big guy arrived, bad tempered, rude and aggresive, after trying to explain the problem finally menacing with what he &quot;kept in his pocket&quot; someone with this kind of qualities is a big problem which should be solved in any place who deals with custumers specially in a hotel of this quality.	
Mar 22 2009 	Excellent Hotel Excellent Location Excellent Staff Excellent Trip	Location was brilliant - Right opposite central park, subway leading into city centre on the corner of the street and plenty of different restaurants in the area. Room was a good size and clean - had everything we needed. The staff were really friendly and helpful - even lent us an umbrella when it was raining. Overall great value for money in a great location! Would definately stay again!	
Mar 22 2009 	Perfect place for families	We took a last-minute trip to NYC with our 4 and 1 year olds on Sat.-Sun. in mid-March. We snagged an amazing rate of $199 at www.freehotelsearch.com and were able to upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite with 2 double beds, a pull-out sofa, and a view of the Natural History Museum. It's not the Waldorf -- the decor is outdated, the views aside from the museum window were of brick walls/other rooms, 2 of the 3 lamps in the room needed new bulbs, and the heater was loud. But it was clean, comfortable, and quite spacious by NYC standards. The bellhops were kind and patient with our kids (including the small bike we brought for our 4 year old to ride in Central Park) and the concierge sold us discounted vouchers for the Natural History Museum ($21 per adult for admission + Imax vs. $24 regular price). Also the hotel offers discounted parking at the Natural History Museum -- only $27 per night plus tax. We took the kids to the AMNH, the playground just inside Central Park at 81st St., and the CP Zoo (about a 30 min. walk). We ate at Calle Ocho for dinner right around the corner (plenty of babies/kids despite the &quot;hip&quot; decor and music), EJ's for breakfast, and Shake Shack for lunch. A perfect weekend!	
Mar 20 2009 	What a great hotel! Great location.	We booked this hotel through an Orbitz package special. It was chosen mainly for price and location. What a great stay we had! It was in a perfect location for going to museums, Central Park, and catching transit to other areas. There are lots of places to eat right around the hotel - even with a young child in tow.Upon arrival we were upgraded to a Jr. Suite which made traveling with a 3-year-old so much better/easier - we were able to put him to bed in one room and close the door so we did not disturb him with lights or television. Unlike other reviewers, we found this hotel to be very quiet - and it was completely booked for at least one of the nights we stayed. We did, however, have the issue with the heating vents clattering quite loudly and waking us up.The biggest issue with the 3-year-old, was the minibar tray left out in the open (and at the perfect eye level for someone 3 feet tall!). Upon our request, however, the hotel agreed to disconnect this tray and remove it (a bit reluctantly, but still they did). We were charged for all items on our checkout bill, but a quick trip to the front desk rectified that with no issues. All of our employee contact was very good - we found everyone to be very friendly and helpful.I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will definitely consider it for future Manhattan stays.	
Mar 8 2009 	Just Great I'll be back	I'll start with the rate: 119 a night. It must be the financial crisis. Lobby, breakfast room, elevators, all lovely. We got upgraded to a suite, which was a wow.. huge, with comfortable furniture, TV's in both lr and br. Terrific toiletries (including a toothbrush and paste), comfy terry cloth bathrobes. Great neighborhood.	
Feb 18 2009 	Unexpectedly wonderful-will be back	This hotel was a pleasant surprise after all the so-so reviews I read here. The front desk was courteous, not overfriendly. I appreciate no time wasting personally. Who needs chit chat? The hotel had CHARACTER and that's why we traveled to NYC. I loved the wood detailing, chandeliers and all the little details that make it MEMORABLE. The location was PERFECT and the area is beautiful. Go to Artie's Deli on 79th and Broadway. GREAT FOOD!The beds were clean and comfortable. The bathroom was SPOTLESS and very pretty. Be careful with the HOT water..it gets STEAMING. This was my favorite part of the hotel..the spectacular shower. My ONLY complaint would be that the windows/room walls are a little on the thin side. But, maybe on a higher floor this is not the case(windows).	
Feb 7 2009 	Good location ...	... 5 minute cab ride from Times Square, 70 yards from Central Park. First impressions good with a nice Reception area. Staff are ok! The rooms are clean and tidy although our room was small and the decor is very dated. We found the manager of the hotel bar/restaurant to be a very pushy and real pain which resulted in us avoiding the bar/restaurant at all costs.We can strongly recommend EJ's diner on Amsterdam Avenue for an excellent breakfast/brunch and beside that is a great Irish bar &quot;St James' Gate&quot; with a really friendly manager/owner, Paul!	
Feb 3 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	Beautiful old hotel. Small but well appointed room. Bathroom was very nice. It was very cold and snowy outside but warm and friendly inside. They were helpful and it was always a nice place to come back to.	
Jan 30 2009 	Great Location Again	We arrived a little earlier than the check in time but had no problem checking in. This time we were on the 6th floor with a view of the museum and park. The room was clean and tidy.The staff were helpful when we needed them. There are great places to eat nearby Good enough to eat up near 84th street on Amsterdam is highly recommended as is Zabars on Broadway if you want to pick up snacks and drinks for the room. There is a good wine store just around the corner and a general store just up from Unos.Take the time to walk in New York we found even more places to see this this time and had remembered to pack our walking boots which helped. It did not get above freezing the entire time we were there, so wrap up warm and take a good thick moisturiser as your face really takes a battering.The Four Seasons have a special 3 course meal deal for $59.00 each if you fancy something special, I would avoid the Bateaux New York as it was over priced, cold, poor service, inferior food and the company could not care less about it as they already have your money. The entertainment was second rate and they did not even bother to tell you what you were seeing as you were cruising along. I had been on the Bataeux a couple of years ago and it was fantastic which is why I booked it for my 40th birthday at a cost of $300.00 + $135.00 for drinks on the night .There is an excellent French Bistro called Jules at 65 Marks place in the East Village which has live music and good food at very reasonable prices.Avoid Normas at Le Parker Merdian as it cost $90.00 for a basic breakfast of Eggs Benidict, 2 glasses of orange juice and two coffees.I will always recommend the Excelsior for location and cleanliness.	
Jan 20 2009 	great hotel great service and cant wait to return!	ive just returned from a trip to nyc and had a fabulous time! im from scotland, and had never been to the states before so wasnt quite sure what to expect - but it was a blast from start to finish! :Di arrived at the hotel around 12.30 and although check in time wasnt until 2pm according to the paperwork i had, the gentleman at reception said this was no problem, and would we like either a quiet room, or a room with a view :D it was nice to have the option and we selected the view - as we were on the 9th floor it was pretty quiet anyway so a win-win situation! :D i imagine during the high season the early check in and room choice will not be available, but as we were there during the quieter time of year it was very much appreciated.the room we had (902) was a twin room. the beds were roomy, VERY comfortable and had loads of pillows, so no sore neck! lol! there was also a desk/dressing table, tv with a good selection of channels, hair drier, iron and walk in wardrobe/closet. there was also a well stocked mini bar and on top of that was a selection of chocolate/pringles/1st aid kit etc. all these however are on pressure pads, which if the item is off its pad for more than 20secs, is automatically added to your room bill. we accidently knocked the pringles over and you woulda thought a grenade was about to go off the way we chased after it to return it to its rightful place! lol! the en-suite bathroom was very clean and had soft towels, nice complementary toiletries and also a sewing kit.if you wish to avoid the mini bar (note: no prices are stated for these items) there are vending machines on some floors - these are listed on the back of your room card holder. you can buy juice/soda or snacks, chocolate, biscuits etc. these vending machines also carry a few essentials such as toothbrush and tampons which is handy, esp if you arrive late and dont fancy venturing out for some toothpaste! lol! the drinks from the machines are $2 and the foodstuffs vary between $1 and $2 so not expensive compared to some other hotel vending machines ive seen in the past.as we were staying on a room-only basis i cant comment on the in-house food. there is a sort of flashy jazz bar/restaurant that can be accessed from reception. however, this is not attached to the hotel so you cannot take drinks from there to your room. we never bothered to see if there was another bar in the hotel as despite the prices, we just loved the atmosphere at the jazz bar :D the staff in there were also amazing people to chat to, and didnt mind if you nursed your $10 beer a little longer than usual to make it last! lol!outside the hotel, you have a subway approx 30secs walk east, as well as central park, museum and planetarium. head west to columbus ave and you have a bar/grill, newstand, bagel/grocer shop and off-sales/liquor store. take the 2min stroll west along w 81st street after columbus and you will find amsterdam ave, which has loads of restaurants/bars/shops etc. ovbiously being further uptown, there isint a huge amount to do in the immediate area of the hotel, but by taking 2mins to walk a block or two and there is plenty places to eat and drink, and with the subway being at the end of the street, the city is yours for the taking! :Dat the end of our stay, check out time was 12. as we werent flying til the evening and didnt fancy lugging our bags around the city we asked if there was some kind of place we could dump our stuff. we were told the hotel had a strong room where our bags could be left free of charge and we were given tickets for them so no-one else could accidently take the wrong ones. this was great as it allowed us to have a few precious extra hours enjoying the city, safe in the knowledge that our stuff was safe.the doorman, bellboy, housekeeping and front desk staff are all very friendly at the excelsior and nothing was too much trouble. im not sure what happened to previous posters, but our experience of the staff here was a good one - either the hotel have improved things or we were just lucky, im not sure. but either way ive no complaints about the excelsior hotel :D	
Jan 14 2009	Great Location But Some Problems	This hotel is in a wonderful location on the Upper West Side. The UPW is a quiet reprieve from the hectic pace of downtown Manhattan. And the best thing? You're a half block from the underground metro, which means you can be downtown in ten minutes! What could be better? Well, there's more. Also half a block away is Central Park. You're across the street from the Natural History Museum. A Starbucks is two minutes away. And lots of shopping and restaurants nearby. So location is definitely a 'plus'. Other plus's:- comfy beds- nice breakfast (but pricy)- lovely tile in the bathroomOn the negative side:- some VERY bad front desk staff... practically the worst I've ever seen... I notice other reviewers have commented on this so I won't say more- found a cockroach in the room one day. Apparently this is almost unavoidable in NYC, and even the best hotels have 'em. But still, it wasn't pleasant.- elevators extremely slowOverall, I'd return to this hotel for the location. It's not for everyone, because it's out of the 'main action', but we loved it!	
Jan 14 2009 	Christmas in NYC	We were looking for an affordable hotel near the heart of NYC. We found the Excelsior Hotel which was located in Upper Manhattan - across from Central Park and the Natural History Museum. The room was very nice and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Although it would be a very long walk to the heart of NYC, the same was easily accessed by Metro or Taxi Cab. We tried the Metro the first day and although very affordable, it was not suited for us. We then hired taxi cabs back and forth (for around $10 - 15 USD) and we were very pleased with the location. Quiet retreat after a busy day in the City. We would definitely return to this clean, affordable hotel which is near the city limits of the Big Apple.	
Jan 2 2009 	Loved every minute of it!	Stayed at this hotel with a girlfriend and found it fantastic. Had read some reviews regarding the heating of rooms and the desk staff but I must say we didn't experience any problems. We were on the 10th floor and the room was hot when we got there but we managed to turn the heating off and we kept the windows open even though it was freezing outside! Two double beds which were best hotel beds ever slept in. Free safe - unusual. Got charged for minibar items we hadn't taken but there was no argument with the front desk, they immediately wiped them. As said in other reviews, brilliant location. 3 mins to nearest subway - although not impressed with the subway - didn't find it very clear - we ended up in Harlem at midnight when we apparently took an express train rather than a local train! Not as clear as the London tube. Felt safe in this area, we returned to our hotel often at midnight and didn't feel uncomfortable at all. Would definately stay at this hotel again and would recommend it.	
Jan 2 2009 	Nightmare on W81st Street	We are a family of four that stayed at the Excelsior Dec 29th, 2008 to Jan 1, 2009. As we have benefitted from this site for our travel plans, we felt compelled enough to post this in the hopes that some of you will benefit from some honest feedback. Location is great but unfortunately, this is about it for this place.(except for the nice fellow that gets the taxis, bags etc) For sake of brevity, here are (our) facts:1) Entering the room we find a women's belt and a bottle missing from the bar fridge. (?) Watch out for the bar fridge as if you move anything inside after 20 seconds its computer logs that you have consumed the item.2) We ordered and had confirmation of 2 double beds. Upon arrival learned that one was a pull out sofa. Yes this fits 2 people but we flipped coins for the 2 of us that would have sore backs the next day! 3) Room was spacious enough but could hear other rooms -even across the building and outside garbage trucks at night and the elevator beside us.4) Bathroom: No fan, water never gets hot, just luke warm. Bath tub didn't drain well. Toilet didnt flush well (more on this below)Being somewhat overly polite Canadians, we did not make issue with the above. After all what are you going to do when everything is booked up and its close to New Year's. Best make the best of it.5) Toilet plugs for the 3rd time-(cleaning staff had to plunge it twice) Have had enough and go downstairs to the front desk. Here is where it becomes obvious that the culture at the Excelsior has evolved to the point where it appears they are just &quot;collecting a pay cheque.&quot; It's sad really because all we were looking for at this point was some basic solution. Even an alternative room or staff bathroom would have sufficed, but nothing offered. Front desk guy asks me &quot;What do you want me to do about it?&quot; That's it. So I said , well how about a plunger? So a plunger is left in our room. Still doesnt work, so we go to sleep and hope we have somewhere to &quot;go&quot; the next day. (check out day) Turns out there is a perfectly good working bathroom on the 2nd floor but had to discover this ourselves...wow thanks front desk guy who worked Dec 31st. Hope you have a better 2009 full of customer service basic skills.Long and short of it is we will never again visit this hotel. The front desk staff have a &quot;not my job&quot; attitude. They did not welcome us, neither did they aplogise for any inconvenience, neither did they say thank you for staying with them. I know this wasn't just us because I stood there and listened to the front desk give the same lack of courtesy to several others. They don't even smile. Obviously not a happy crew. Maybe they know its a poor hotel too....?	
Dec 21 2008 	Oh that heater	Have stayed in this hotel before, primarily because of the great location on the upper west side. Many good restaurants nearby, and the blue line subway is at the end of the block, which makes it very easy to get to mid-town Manhattan. It is also only 3/4 of a block from Central Park. However, the the heating system is beginning to show it's age and the windows are drafty and need replaced. As others have mentioned, the heating unit can be very noisey , and our's prevented us from getting a decent night's sleep during our two night stay. The staff at the front desk were friendly and helpful , which wasn't the case on my previous visits.( looked like some new faces). Our room with twin beds was small and one of the beds was in front of the closet , which made it difficult to get to. Price is good , but I am not sure if I want to spend a night in a hotel , where it is very difficult to sleep. Will probably look for another hotel .	
Dec 18 2008 	Good location bad heating in cold weather	The hotel is located in a great neighborhood, right next to Central Park and near great eating and cultural life on the Upper West Side. Rooms are on the smaller side but decent and well appointed based on the cost relative to most hotels in Manhattan.As mentioned by other reviewer, heater was broken/not working in our room on a very cold night. I asked front desk to send someone to fix, which they said they'd do, then didn't. On second request, I got a cockamamie story about the hotel system only turning on heat when outside temperature drops below 45. Not sure I believe a hotel would allow internal temperatures to drop to 46 before giving us heat. Didn't appreciate being lied to, if indeed the hotel was just trying to save money by cutting back on heat. We had to double-up on blankets, so that was our solution.I can't say this is a bad hotel or a bad deal especially given the hotel's other good features -- great location, clean and safe, a classic old pre-war hotel near Central Park, etc. Just be aware it's not perfect, and if very cold outside, be prepared.	
Dec 13 2008 	Great get Away	Wellrun hotel with good desk service. Comfy room and good ensuite facilities. Easy access to Metro and Central Park. Service to keep bags after check-out for those late flights gives another bag free walk about day.	
Dec 10 2008 	good location annoying heater	Booked this hotel through hotwire for one night ($172 USD plus taxesl), and hotels.ca the next two nights (wanted to guarantee 2 beds for Friday &amp; Sat, cost roughly $335 USDplus taxes, coming to around $400 USD a night). The location is great, just north of the Natural History Museum, and a block from Central Park and the subway. And 5 blocks from Barney Greengrass! Nice lobby with lots of wood, giving it an old world character.The junior suite, with queen bed and sofa bed, was large, and the queen bed was comfortable. The front desk was friendly, but one of the concierges was surly when I asked whether there was an internet cafe nearby. It's the first surly concierge I've met in NYC- tough business to go into for someone who is not personnable!My suite had no view, it looked out onto an interior courtyard.My biggest disappointment was the finicky old heater. It never kicked in on the first night, although I could hear it running, it seemed like cool air was coming out of it. The next two nights, after some finessing, I got the heater to come on, and it cranked out hot, dry heat, making gurgling and crackling noises, as well as a loud fan sound. in the middle of the night of nights 2 and 3., I got up and turned of the heater, since the noise was effecting my sleep, and by the time I woke up at 8, the room was cold again. All or nothing, I guess!One other minor disappointment was that although the towels were clean, they seemed to have stains from previous guests. I didn't get the feeling that housekeeping was paying much attention, if they were putting stained towels on the racks in clean rooms. The towels were the same rough towels you'd expect at a two star motel on I75, stamped with the Excelsior name. I'd probably stay at the Excelsior again, but only if it was in the late spring or summer when heating is not required, and if the room cost less than $200 USD, including taxes, and I couldn't find a better hotel at the same price.	
Dec 7 2008	Only down point for our 25th Wedding Anniversary	Well well, please do not be decieved by the pictures that are on the web site, in which the reception area looks vast, it is not, the reception staff are probably the most unhelpful people on earth, the gym must be hidden away as we certainly did not find it.We had a one bedroon suite which was very dated, with wall paper from a past era.Be warned that all of the products that are in the mini bar sit on pressure pads which are connected to the reception and if you take one out for 20 seconds the cost will go on your bill whether you have it or not.If you happen to be a person who enjoys a hot drink after 11am then this hotel is definatley not for you, as there are no facilities for tea or coffee,either in the rooms or hotel when we questioned reception on this point we were abruptly told that there was a star bucks at the end of the street, for info star bucks opens at 05.30am till 11pm, if you require a hot drink through the night the receptions attitude is tough.You could always use the restaurant in the evening for a hot drink but the staff do not make you feel welcome unless you are eating there at there high prices.The one good point for this hotel is that the doormen are helpful and will advise where to go and how to get there, it is a shame that this is a small consilation.I would rate this as a 2 star hoteand no higher.l	
Nov 29 2008	Run Down and Rude	We read about the rude staff at the front desk but decided to go anyway thinking it could not be that bad. The front desk was as rude as depicted and the concierge was one of most unhelpful. When we asked for a breakfast place in the area they said just go walk X, Y and Z street. We asked for a particular recommendation and they just repeated the same thing. The thing that shocked us the most is that the management has not responded.Being fairly resourcefull we could do without the staff, but on top of that the rooms are run down with poor plumbing and heating that you cannot control. A bit ridiculous for the price.My advice is to find another place.	
Nov 20 2008 	Fantastic Place to Stay	We stayed here for two nights 16/17 Nov 08. We booked on a budget and there were four of us in one room - cosy but we had two queen beds and a bathroom. The shower was ferocious and the room was perfect for what we paid - after all this is New York and who wants to spend time in a hotel room. The only gripe we did have was that the room was extremely hot but we put the air conditioning on cold blast all day whilst we were out and this solved the problem. The reception staff were competent and Joe the doorman was the best! He arranged a cab for us back to JFK with no hassle what so ever. We would go back tomorrow if the bank manager would allow! We ate at Cafe Freda on Columbas - fantastic mexican and for breakfast turn right instead of left onto Columbus and you will come across no end of choice. Avoid the Starbucks for tea if you want a decent cup - stick to coffee! PS the liquer stores are plentiful in this district for a tipple before you go out for dinner. Bistro Citron is a short walk and does fab french without the big bill.	
Nov 14 2008 	Great Hotel	Lovely hotel,less than 5 mins walk to Central Park &amp; Subway Station.Our party had 3 separate rooms,all of which were well equiped,no tea or coffee making facilities although we knew this when booking.(Maybe the hotel could have a rethink on this)Starbucks is just round the corner.None of our rooms had great views but in a big hotel like this they can't all look out onto Central Park or the Museum!!!Can't fault any part of our stay except the hotel was too warm everywhere,we welcomed air con &amp; open windows.Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 13 2008 	Great Hotel and Location	This hotel is in a great location, right next to Central Park, opposite the American Museum of Natural History and right next to bus stops and a subway station (where you can get a direct tube to JFK airport). The hotel is very nice inside and out, clean with good decor and very well kept. We got upgraded to a suite on arrival, which gave a good sized comfortable bed, dressing room, good bathroom, two TV's and a safe. I was worried about the hotels in the city after seeing some bad reviews/photos on this site, however this one was one of the best I have ever stayed in.On arrival, there was a problem with the reservation (this was Expedia's fault and not the hotels) but the staff at reception (in particular Borici) sorted this out with a few telephon calls and limited fuss - something which I was very relieved at.There was absoltely nothing negative about this hotel during my stay and would recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 12 2008	Appalling Staff	I have never experienced a place where the staff were so rude and unhelpful. This was my first trip to the States in a party of 13 girls. From the moment we arrived at the hotel to check-in to the moment we checked out - the reception staff were the worst I have ever experienced in my life!The hotel itself was charming with clean, tidy rooms and easy access to Central Park but it was pretty obvious that none of the staff had never attended any sort of customer service course and really shouldn't have any contact with the public.My advice would be to stay away from this hotel unless you are happy to pay again for everything you have already booked and paid for, and you dont mind people shrugging their shoulders when they dont want to deal with you any longer. Oh and dont expect a manager to be in attendance at any time for you to speak to.On the plus side the concierge guys were brilliant!	
Nov 12 2008	Change Front Desk Employees!!	It's a real shame such a beautiful, fantastically located hotel doesn't have appropriate employees working at the front desk. The maids, doormen and baggage clerks were very friendly and professional. The front desk female employee with long black hair wan unpleasant, rude, twerpy, passive aggressive, uncooperative and never smiled. Her co-worker at the front desk pretended not to hear the discussions this woman had with all guests. A real shame. Never going back.	
Nov 6 2008 	Terrible Experience	We booked the hotel for wedding guests as the reception was at the Museum of Natural History across the street. The experiences of our group were consistently TERRIBLE...no hot water...televisions that did not work...requests for repairs that were ignored...front desk staff was the rudest and least responsive, including hanging up when called, swearing at a guest of any hotel in which I have ever stayed. Our observations were that other guests experienced the same problems and were trated in the same way! STAY AWAY!!!	
Nov 6 2008 	Never Again	My wife and I have spent a January weekend at the Excelsior for the last two years. While the hotel has its charm (ever so slightly going to seed), there are other options on the Upper West Side.In trying to make reservations, again, for this January, I encountered their Director of Sales and their General Manager. As a result of the former's attitude and ego and the latter's focus on the &quot;big picture,&quot; (precluding any involvement with such things as customers), we will explore those other options.The Excelsior's charm is somewhat thin and really cannot bear the weight of any unpleasant experiences.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great Value	My friend and I wanted to spent the weekend in New York and needed a budget hotel. I found the Excelsior to be exactly what we were looking for. It is in a great location; it only took us about 30-45mins to walk to Times Square and there were a lot of great vendors booths and shops on the way there. The hotel has that kinda elegance that you see in black and white movies. The lobby was very inviting and I loved that our room had a sitting room. The shower does kinda feel like it's attacking you and doesn't get quite hot enough and some of the wall paper is peeling but for the location this hotel is an EXCELLANT deal!!	
Oct 29 2008	Rude staff - broken heater almost fries us alive	the staff was unbelievably rude and unaccomodating...a broken heater blasted firey heat all night long and we had to open the windows and door to the room...the staff did nothing to correct the problem and offered only at $75 credit on $250 room after much unneeded miscommunication...they are liars and honestly don't care about their guests or their reputation...great rooms for sleeping in decent location, but a WASTE OF TIME all together...DO NOT give this hotel your business...	
Oct 24 2008 	The Excellent Excelsior	Very nice hotel in a convenient location. Subway access is located at the end of the same block, the Museum of Natural History is located across the street, Central Park is one block away and the hotel is located in a safe location of town. We had a suite and were very pleaed with our accomodations. We will definitely stay at the Excelsior the next time we visit New York.Unlike some others, we found the front desk staff to be both helpful and cordial.	
Oct 23 2008 	Made the trip perfect	We stayed in a suite that overlooked the museum and it was perfect. The location is excellent for families--right next to the Museum of Natural History and Central Park. You can walk to any type of restaraunt and it is a safe feeling area. Lots to do. Will stay here again--hopefully soon!	
Oct 21 2008 	lovely hotel agree with other reviews front desk staff are a bit up themselves	After staying at 3 different hotels in N.Y, this was the best.Lovely rooms, beautifully detailed, nice and quiet, Porter/bell hop very helpfull and friendly.Lovely food, and very attentive staff in bar and resturant.The front desk staff are something else, (example) we asked to change a twenty dollar so we could get a first dollars for tips for the bell hop. The women behind the desk looked down her nose and then said 'what, and questioned what we wanted it for and then said 'no'.Other than this the hotel was in a nice location, and very happy to stay there again.I work in hospitality so disapointed to witness this type of attitude from front office staff. The front office staff let the hotel down.	
Oct 20 2008	A rare find	This place was great. We had a beautiful suite (which we were upgraded to). The front desk person, Borici, was really nice. It was my first trip to NY and I was having a problem w/the rudeness we were encountering along the way (@MOMA for one, yikes!). Everyone I encountered at this hotel was helpful and considerate. I would recommend this hotel to my friends and would love to stay there again.	
Oct 14 2008	More than accomodating.	I had origially booked one night. Plans changed and I needed three nights. There were only suites available for the middle night so I ended up having to make three separate reservations. When I arrived I asked if we could be in the same room all three nights. I even said we would be willing to stay in a regular room and pay for the suite the middle night. They more than graciously put us in a suite for all three nights. They were in a great location ( across the street from The Museum of Natural History). There were great restaurants closeby and the subway was across the street as well.	
Oct 13 2008 	Mediocre 4-star hotel	The Excelsior Hotel @ 81st &amp; Columbus near Central Park West. Nice neighborhood across from the Museum of Natural History and park. Lovely, nice lobby, friendly staff, apparently being renovated floor by floor. Nice room, however only one small easy chair, plus a desk with one straight back chair (no place to sit together and eat a snack, etc.), old, small TV with poor reception, nice bedding. Bathroom with beautiful white &quot;Country French&quot; tile design. Worst features: completely stocked mini-bar (if you picked up anything from the basket on top or from in the cooler you are charged if you hold any item for more than 20 seconds! Other bad features: no coffee maker and the toilet overflowed twice! Yikes! Would not recommend this hotel.	
Oct 11 2008	Great place to stay	The Excelsior was a pleasure to stay in. The location is fantastic. The neighborhood is quiet, picturesque, there are a large selection of restaurants within walking distance and transportation options are right there, Zabars and Central Park are within easy walking distance and make the location even more of a highlight. The hotel decor is quaint and the rooms are very comfortable. I would agree with other reviewers that the desk staff are somewhat snooty. The woman at the concierge desk was rude and of no help whatsoever. However, after speaking with the manager we discovered that the concierge desk is contracted out and the employees are not those of the hotel. In any case, the concierge reflects on the hotel and it would be in the Excelsior's best interest to make sure that the staff at the desk are much better suited to their job.	
Oct 9 2008 	Great Location Very Quiet Snooty Desk People	This hotel is 1/2 a block from Central Park, across the street from the Natural History Museum and directly across the park from the Metropolitan Museum of Art. It was also 1/2 block from the subway. It's a very safe neighborhood and it feels removed from all the craziness downtown. There is a large fine for honking in that part of town and it was the quietest place I've ever stayed! The 2 front desk people we encountered were not very friendly but everyone else was. We got a suite for us and our 2 children (there is a sleeper sofa in the extra room) and it worked well for us. The view was of the other part of the hotel. I tried to change it but they said we would have to wait until the next day and contact Travelocity (who I booked through). I would stay there again, but not for the retail price! We paid $350 plus taxes and that was painful enough.	
Oct 8 2008 	great holiday	my husband and i have just returned from a holiday in new york staying at the excelsior. having read some bad reviews were a little apprehensive but all was fantastic. the door personel were very friendly and helpful as was the guy who took our suitcases to our room. on line we had ordered a fridge and this was installed in our room immediately we got into the room. the room had twin beds and was a really good size with a beautiful ensuite. the view was absolutely fantastic looking over the little park next to the museum to an incredible sky line. had little to do with front desk staff but they were pleasant enough and the guy on the information desk was very helpful. the room was kept spotless and towels changed often. great position with metro at the end of the road. would recommend this hotel - had a wonderful time there.	
Sep 30 2008 	Highly Recommend. Pleasant Stay	Stayed there four nights. Everything about this hotel exceeded expectations. The location excellent. Across from Central Park and steps to a subway. Short subway ride to Columbus Circle and Times Square. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful. As well as other staff members. The room was very clean and tastefully decorated. Bed was comfortable with nice linens. The price was right at $281.00 per night. Which was a bargain for the quality of this hotel.	
Sep 26 2008 	Great Affection for the Excelsior	My husband and I stayed here for two nights in May because we earned two free nights from a credit card and this hotel was on the list. To make it short and sweet, I really liked this hotel. The room we had was small, but it was nice. It had a north city view and we enjoyed looking at all the residential rooftops. The room had a queen bed, very comfortable, and the usual amentities (chairs, armoire, etc.) The bathroom was beautiful and had items I don't usually see in a hotel, like a jar of cotton balls. My husband wasn't as charmed as I was, but he likes modern decor while I prefer a more traditional look, which this hotel is. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel or use the library room, but we did enjoy the location next to Central Park and the use of the hotel's umbrellas (it rained!). The maid service was excellent and the maid was very friendly. The front desk people were not overly friendly, but they were not rude. We felt very comfortable here and loved the location and the cleanliness of the hotel. Like I said, I would like to come back for a longer stay.	
Sep 24 2008 	Great Place to Stay	I grew up in NYC and went for a visit mid-September. I stayed, last minute, at the Excelsior. Totally great. No, this is not the Waldorf Astoria. But it elegant nonetheless. The lobby is mahogany and marble. (Who cares if the front desk people are snooty, as said in other reviews. Are you there to make friends with the staff? It is very true that the consierge person is short and actually misleading. Plan you trip well, and don't rely on the staff for much.) My &quot;junior suite&quot; had a ton of room, a rarity for NYC. A couch, a table, plenty of windows, two dressers, a comfortable bed with crisp, clean sheets, a marble bath which was incredibly clean, with a tub and a window. They offer toiletries, plenty of crisp, clean towels. There is a mini-bar and a safe. This place cannot be beat if you want a quiet, clean, well-located hotel. The only drawback, to me personally, was the decor. I felt like I was staying in an upscale, county inn, with the florals and the stripes. But nothing was dated or faded. All new, all nice. Stay there happily if you want to be on the upper west side.	
Sep 24 2008 	good value	in the super-expensive world of nyc hotels this one is a standout value. it is not up to date and you'll have to get over the somewhat cold face of the place - everything is extra &amp; they're still trying to overcharge for the phones in this cell phone era. but that's the way they may think they can keep the basic price down. and they do that while providing competent staff and quite serviceable accommodations in a great location. i'd definitely return if i needed a manhattan hotel and were spending my own money.	
Sep 22 2008 	Not what I expected!!!	When we got to the Excelsior, they seemed rude at the front counter. Our air conditing froze up, so the first night was very warm and the floor was wet by the air conditioner. The next day, after a long day of walking, we returned to our room, to find our windows wide open and the air off. Needless to say, the air conditioner could not keep up. Another warm night. They just didn't seem to care. ( One girl even over heard them say we were whining.) When I called the hotel prior to our arrival, they said they could cash cashiers check. $100 per person per day. Not the case, they didn't even want to give us change for the soda machine. The lounge was closed by 10 pm. After seeing all the city lights, it would have been nice to sit and have glass of wine to relax.Needless to say- we basically used the hotel to sleep and shower. Tips were in my budget- which I brought home. I would not recommend this place for a vacation. If you are in town for business, you only need a room to sleep and shower. Perfect.	
Sep 22 2008	Excellent location	We picked this hotel for it's location and the availablity of a suite with a separate bedroom with doors--a rarity in NYC at a reasonable price. The Queen suite bedroom was larger than we were expecting. The living room area with the sofa bed was tight after the sofa opened up but that wasn't a problem. Very comfortable bed; nice but small bath; very quiet location (no view, that's why) and overall a good experience. Breakfast is not included in the room price. Continental breakfast was $17.95; hot breakfast was $19.95 and both were very good and extensive. The concierge left a lot to be desired. She just didn't have that willingness to please attitude necessary for the job. One of the doormen went out of his way our last day to walk our luggage down to the far corner and hail a cab for us because the near corner was blocked to traffic and we couldn't get a cab in front of the hotel. Excellent location to subways at 81st &amp; Central Park West (1 minute walk) and 79th &amp; Amsterdam (6 minute walk) from which we could go almost everywhere without having to transfer. It's a 12 minute walk to Lincoln Center. Central Park and the Natural History Museum are literally right outside the front door.	
Sep 22 2008 	Staff with attitude problem; adequate accommodation	The Excelsior touts itself as a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel with lots of trimmings for what is, admittedly, a reasonable price by Manhattan standards. That's what enticed me to book it. However, from the minute we arrived we realized that it is no such thing. The reception staff were completely humourless, even unhelpful, and remained so throughout the five days of our stay, despite a change of personnel. It is not so much a welcome as a &quot;well, what do you want?&quot; approach to hotel-keeping. The rooms are not luxurious: they are adequate but no more, with ancient airconditioners that are both noisy and ineffective. Bathrooms are OK. We did not have breakfast in the hotel, but the cost of breakfast seems quite reasonable by NY standards. In contrast to the front office staff, the housekeeping staff were friendly and helpful.The attraction of the Excelsior is its price, and to a certain extent its location a few yards off Central Park, but one has to put up with some surly service from the staff as part of that price. It's a place to sleep, but not much more.	
Sep 12 2008 	Excellent place to stay!	I have just returned from a weeks holiday - staying at the Excelsior and I can certainly recommend it.I was staying, with my partner, in NY for a wedding in Central Park &amp; this hotel was ideally suited for it. Placed on the upper west side on 81st there was a subway station just down the road and around the corner you could hop on/hop off the bus tours (if you had the relevant ticket) or you could stroll across Central Park to the shops on 5th Avenue.The road was peaceful in the evening compared to the hustle &amp; bustle of downtown &amp; our room was on the 3rd floor at the front - we werent bothered by traffic noise at all. The room &amp; bathroom were very clean &amp; comfortable &amp; the air conditioning was very welcome with the temperature hitting 90 degrees with 90% humidity outside!The hotel staff were all courtious, approachable and helpful.Breakfast was hearty and reasonably priced and there were a number of great restaurants &amp; bars in the area for the evenings we had to ourselves.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who didnt want to stay in the thick of things downtown.On my next visit I will definately be booking in again.	
Sep 9 2008 	No Complaints	Have just had a 4 night stay and thoroughly enjoyed it - excellent location for park, subway and restaurants. Room was fair size for New York and very clean. Staff all very friendly and efficient so no complaints there. I booked through e-bookers at what I thought a very good price, so overall great value for New York.	
Sep 6 2008 	Loved the Excelsior Staff great	We have just returned from a holiday in the usa. We started off in newyork and stayed at the excelsior.I found the staff there very nice and helpful(this was my concern from reading previous reviews)i went with my husband and two sons, on checking in they upgraded our room from a delux double to a junior suite at no extra cost, it was lovely.the hotel is in a great position and we started each morning in central park and each evening eating in one of the many restaurant near by.i have stayed in newyork before but the excelsior is near enough to the hustle bustle(1 stop on the subway, or a 15 minutemwalk through central park) but far enough away to not have to wait for a table and not be in a crammed diner.it is also facing the natural history museum the boys loved it.the street was wide and tree lined this makes all the differance at the end of a busy sight seeing or shopping day.i would stay in this hotel again on my return to newyork.Loved it.	
Sep 2 2008 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed 4 nights and did not have any complaints. Hotel is in a good location and was quieter than we had expected. Rooms are fine and everything was very clean. We would recommend to anyone staying in the city.	
Aug 30 2008 	An elegant and comfortable hotel	We stayed at the Excelsior for 6 nights at the end of August. The hotel is located in the upper west side of Manhattan which is a very pleasant and quiet area to stay in. There are lots of restaurants within a short walking distance. It was my first visit to New York and we found the hotel to be elegant and comfortable. We were accommodated on the 14th floor (two lifts operating) and our room, whilst not particularly large, was clean and comfortable. There was a large wardrobe (with free safe) The bathroom was excellent and had a window which let in fresh air (unusual in my experience of hotel bathrooms) and a powerful hairdryer fixed to the wall. We stayed on a room only basis preferring to sample local diners for breakfast. I can recommend Barney Greengrass - a jewish diner/deli on Amerstam which offered interesting concoctions and unlimited coffee plus a diner called 'Good Enough to Eat' which does excellent pancakes with different toppings and unlimited coffee refills. This wasn't so good for evening meals we found. The reason I haven't awarded the full 5 stars is because we found some of the reception staff to be unfriendly and lacking in basic communication skills. The doormen were extremely helpful and friendly as were the domestic cleaning staff. Despite this, I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and would definately stay there again.	
Aug 28 2008 	Loved it!!!	I must admit we were a little worried about staying here after reading all the negative reviews. We worried in vain!! From the moment the taxi pulled up outside, the staff were really friendly and courteous. We got our rooms upgraded to suites free of charge, the rooms were spotless and nothing was too much trouble.The hotel is in a fab area, the tube was at the end of the street which we used every day, central park a few steps away.Excellent restaurants and delis on Columbus Avenue - would highly recommend staying here.	
Aug 23 2008	Unattractive	Aside from good location, this hotel has not much appeal. Front desk lacked basic hospitality skills and room was dull and bathroom was ridiculously small. Air con almost an antique piece.	
Aug 22 2008	Clean but small	This hotel is very clean and the staff is friendly. We checked inn right away. when we got to our room it was very nice but there were a few problums.1. the lamp light baulbs were burnt .2. The bathroom was very small. The hotel staff is very freindly and the gift shop staff will go out of there way to get you what ever you need.The location is great and it is a very nice nebor hood. I would defenitly stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 17 2008	Understated Elegance in a Great Location	The Excelsior is a good hotel, conveniently situated adjacent to Central Park and overlooking the landscaped gardens next to the Natural History Museum. There is a subway station just around the corner. the wood-panelled foyer is redolent of a bygone era and this is reflected in the bedroom decor, which is very pleasant, if occasionally a little faded. Rooms are large and comfortable and pleasing touches, such as complimentary sewing kits and luxury cosmetics enhance the environment.The hotel breakfasts are served in the library - once again, elegantly wood-panelled - and were, we felt, particularly good value. In addition to the usual cold offerings, several choices of freshly brewed coffee and tea and an enormous range of breads, cakes and pastries, guests are able to choose from a variety of american-style hot dishes - waffles, pancakes etc. - and also omelettes and full &quot;cooked&quot; options. Our only reservation about this hotel relates to the front of house staff. I found some of the receptionists surly and unhelpful, for example I felt that being told I had to personally present my laundry at reception, rather than having it collected from my bedroom, was inconsistent with a hotel of this quality. Also, a female concierge refused to reboot her computer at the end of her shift, one evening, meaning that we had to wait until the following morning for the information we required. I should add that the reception staff were again unhelpful here. All that said, we enjoyed the Excelsior and I would recommend it as representing good value' especially bearing in mind its location and overall facilities.	
Aug 6 2008 	Loved the Excelsior!	My friend and I stayed at the Excelsior Hotel, New York in early July 2008 for a few days. The staff there were very welcoming and helpful. My room was clean,comfortable and quiet. I especially enjoyed the shower and the air conditioning was a blessing as the temperature was into the mid eighties! The hotel is located in a a very pleasant area close to resturants, bars and coffee shops.The subway is a short walk away where you can access conections to Times Square which is a centre of excitement, bright colours and stimulation. We enjoyed the bus tours which were reasonably priced. In all, a very pleasant city break. Thank you Excelisor Hotel!! - I highly recommend it.	
Jul 23 2008 	Extremely satisfied a great experience!	When comparing the reviews between hotels, Excelsior seemed to have the most raving fans of any medium-priced hotel in a good location, so we booked it. We were staying in NYC for the weekend but only for one night at a hotel (the other night with friends). We were very pleased with the whole experience, from the check-in, to check-out. The lobby was gorgeous. We were able to have our bags held by the bellman for an extended amount of time both before and after our check-in and out, with ease and professionalism. We were incorrectly booked by Travelocity for two twin beds, which could have been a hassle, but instead the front desk gentleman switched us to a large junior suite with a queen bed without us even asking. The suite was very clean, notably the bathroom, which sometimes seems to suffer in city hotels. When we needed extra towels, they were up within 5 minutes. The AC worked great, not loud at all. The mini-bar is pricey, but hello....it is NYC, and the prices are listed on a menu next to the minibar, so you know what to expect. The location was great, well-lit and safe, within 5 minutes walking distance from the subway, central park, museum of natural history, and several restaurants. The only negative thing I could say was the view of our room was towards a brick wall. However, we did not specify what view we would have liked, so I would suggest asking for a &quot;park&quot; view when either booking or checking in. This did not bother us, as we only were in our room when sleeping, changing or showering. If you are booking through a third party, as we did, make sure you call ahead to the hotel directly beforehand to ensure your room and the view are what you want and expect.Wonderful job!	
Jul 18 2008 	GREAT Hotel!	Just checking out TODAY and have to admit, I was slightly worried prior to our (family of 4) arrival, based on some earlier reviews-once again proving &quot;you can't please everyone.&quot;The staff was courteous (I found Lynn at the front desk to be helpful and the concierge staff were full of great tips and ideas), the room (a 1 bedroom suite on the 3rd floor) was SPOTLESS and featured an excellent view of the park area overlooking the Museum of Natural History. EVERY day the room was made up nicely (housekeeper placed my daughter's stuffed animals together on her bed having a party - a nice touch), and the toiletries were replenished and included the usual soap/shampoo etc. BUT also included razor &amp; shaving cream, tooth brush and tooth paste and other &quot;EXTRAS.&quot; The LOCATION was FANTASTIC with short walk to GOOD restaurants in ALL price ranges, Central Park...etc. and the subway (which we NEVER felt unsafe on) was just around the corner! The Hotel Excelsior is a GEM...and...an OASIS at the end of the day. I would NEVER hesitate to recommend this to even my pickiest of friends and family and WILL stay here again if back in NYC!	
Jul 16 2008 	Just what we wanted	Read mixed reviews before trip but was pleasantly surprised.Hotel in good location in the Upper West Side(near American Museum Of Natural History and facing a small park)but excellent public transport links and walking to midtown is an option.Had top floor suite,brilliant views!Rooms very clean,beds really comfortableand staff very helpful. Breakfast can be had easily on either Columbus or Amsterdam Avenues.Only downside was one of the air-conditioning units which was a bit noisy but had to be used because of the heat and occassional humidity in the city in july. A perfect place to relax after very busy days in a truly fantastic city!!	
Jul 11 2008 	Don't Bother	Most unfriendly and uncaring front desk staff---we seemend to be a bother to them from the initial registration. When we returned to the desk later to change a travelers check, the clerk could not even bother to check her drawer for smaller bills--said it was not possible to change a $100 bill---in the whole hotel!!! The clerk next to her opened his drawer and changed it to the requested 10s and 20s.When there was a computer problem in getting a boarding pass for our flight home, the clerk suggested that I go to 72nd st---11 blocks away to use their computer!!!! The concierge was pleasant but---&quot;does not have a printer&quot; --suggested we go around the block to the mail company and use theirs to get our printed boarding passes home!We ordered a car to the airport with the helpful door man who assured us it would be there. When we called down in the morning to check, the desk clerk knew nothing about it. It did arrive as ordered but since the doorman was gone no one &quot;knew anything about it&quot;... not our responsibility to book--can't trace it.....At check out the clerk argued about providing a paid receipt---I had received the bill under the door in the morning and found no problem. My request was for a balance of zero since it was on my credit card already. He said it was done at the end of the day and that since I had the bill it was not necessary. When I insisted that I wanted the &quot;paid in full&quot; rceipt he finally produced it from the printer in front of him----- took only about 15 seconds ---less time to get the receipt than it took to raise all the objections to granting my request. Is this an odd request?? Have always gotten it automatically from everywhere I have been.The only positive we have about the hotel is the gentleman who cooked breakfast to request in the morning. He was kind and attentive and he was the reason we returned to the breakfast area each morning. Room was fair but very noisy air conditioner--difficult to hear tv much less sleep. Public areas dirty.I am pretty well traveled--all over the US including prior visits to New York, Europe, Africa, the far east. This was the most blatantly uncaring.Happy to be home.	
Jun 23 2008 	Never again...	Avoid the Excelsior if at all possible. We had read the reviews but thought surely the staff attitude would have improved once management had seen the comments of previous guests. Apparently not! The young lady on the day shift was rude, unhelpful and condescending - not what I'm looking for at $300.+ per day. Her male co-worker was no better. When I asked to speak with the manager I was told he was [conveniently] out of town. The room was clean but very, very small and we had to change because the first room was even smaller and the TV didn't work. The location is pretty convenient buth the few pluses don't make up for the negatives.	
Jun 22 2008 	It was great	Have just read reviews of this hotel, lots of which are negative. My husband and I stayed here during March 07 for 6 nights. We had a quiet courtyard suite which was large by anyone's standards - and it was spotlessly clean. We didn't have any problem with the reception staff at all. We ate breakfast tin hotel every day, which we thought was a bargain at US$16 each. We live in London and travel quite a bit in Europe so this is a very very cheap rate for breakfast compared to what we are used to. Also the quality was good with a charming guy who cooked eggs to order. When our room heating didn't work a man was sent straight away to fix it (as it was minus 9 outside at the time we were grateful for that!!). It's in a great location and there is a fabulous Mexican restaurant (Cafe Freida) just up the road and a couple of really good upmarket Italians. The desk staff were very helpful when advising us where to eat. It's possible to walk through Central Park to the museums and taxis are always available. There's also a subway nearby. I hope that this helps if you are thinking of staying there and have been put off by the other reviewers.	
Jun 21 2008 	Excellent location - wonderful room	I almost canceled our reservations after reading these reviews but thank goodness I did not as we had a perfect five night stay. In fairness to the other reviewers, we did not talk to the front desk the entire time (besides checking in and checking out-which was very pleasant). If we wanted to know something, we checked the internet and had great success finding the best restaurants within a few blocks of the hotel (Telepan was one that was superb). There was nothing wrong with the room to constantly complain to the front desk. Maid service was timely. There was always a newspaper waiting by our door in the morning.The location of this hotel is the big selling point. The entrance to the subway is 300 steps from hotel front door. One night, our Broadway show ended at 9:55 p.m. We were back in our room at 10:15 p.m. - yes, it was that convenient to pop on the subway.Also, Central Park is located right by that subway entrance and it is lovely to get a bagel at H&amp;H and go for walk thru the park in the morning. The view from the hotel is amazing. You look over a park and the History Museum. To the left, you can see Central Park. We were on the 15th floor so that helped a lot with the viewing. The neighborhood is very safe and you feel as if you are amid New Yorker's out for the evening walking their dogs, etc. It is the opposite of being down in Times Square crowded with the hoards of tourists.	
Jun 15 2008 	mixed	Super duper unfriendly Joseph at reception -even another pair who were booking in asked him does he know please and thank you - got worst then - but the guy is a princess I think ? does not want to be there - The room 1 was ok - bath dirty with hair- so room 2 no air con working room 3 dirty bath hair - room 4 clean and then blocked bath drain, but they were getting to point of putting phone down when I called back fourth time.Being preggie bit dangerous I mention to Ivan the manager - who knocked a chuck of our bill.But very nice girl and Lynn was super friendly - but what a mixed crew in reception. Lovely cafe round the corner for breaky $4-6 fresh fruit or bagle - yum yum. Location is great and beds comfy.	
May 31 2008 	They'll look down their noses at you	A fantastic hotel if you like front-desk staff who look down their noses at you, are completely unhelpful and unknowledgable, and won't lift a finger to help you. A simple enquiry about local churches elicited no useful response. Sure, you could look it up on the internet...if you're happy to pay $4.00 for 20 minutes. Small rooms, really not worth the money. Try the novotel instead!	
May 28 2008 	Left a bad taste!	Apart from the miserable guy on the desk and the general ignorance of staff during our three day stay we were reasonably happy. Our problem started when we arrived home. The hotel had placed a charge on my credit card (they take details of your card at check in which is normal practice). I e-mailed them and they informed me the charge was for using the mini-bar. I sincerely explained that we had not used the mini-bar or any other additional service and kindly asked if they would credit my visa card with the original amount. They ignored this e-mail and my subsequent four e-mails which was extremely annoying. I contacted my Visa company and they kindly removed the charge from my bill. What is unusual is that they charged my visa on the day I checked out but they said nothing to me at the time of check-out. This has left a very bad taste!	
May 24 2008 	great location great hotel	over all good hotel, door staff and house keeping excelent. fantastic location, area great for eating out, easy to get downtown subway near by. only problem the front desk staff,they need to go to charm school badly. would recomend this hotel any time.	
May 11 2008 	Lovely Hotel	We stayed at the excelsior for 3 nights at the end of April, I was a bit nervous after some of the reviews I had read but need'nt have worried, the room was a triple and was very nice, comfy bed, great shower, very clean and spacious bedroom and bathroom, besides when you are in New York you are out most of the time but this Hotel I found more than adequate, I would like to mention we have stayed in many Hotels in our time and expect a good standard, The staff we found to be nice, we wanted blankets because the quilt was far too warm and these were delivered immediately, we were always courtious and they were the same back, we are thinking of returning next year to new York and we will definately stay at the Excelsior again, New York is wonderful and 3 nights is not enough to explore this wonderful place,Check out the Excelsior for yourself, be friendly to the staff and you will get the same response	
May 1 2008 	i enjoyed my stay....	myself, my boyfriend and daughter all stayed there in april and enjoyed our stay, we got upgraded to a bigger roon on arrival. the rooms were basic but very pleasant and clean.. the staff seemed pleasant and the guy who books the day trips etc was very helpfull... the location was great as it was close enough to everything but not noisy from all the hussle and bussle of the centre.. it was a minute walk to central park which was handy.we didn,t have breakfast due to the price really but we found a lovely deli round the corner that sold amazing breakfast,s for around £3 each..	
Apr 25 2008 	Fabulous location	My Aunt and I stayed a the hotel on a shopping trip. We had a twin double room which was very spacious and clean. The hotel is a couple of minutes from the subway which takes you straight to all the major places down town. In the other direction is Starbucks and numerous shops and restaurants. We loved the location and felt very safe coming back in the dark after our hectic days shopping and sight seeing.The only down side was no tea and coffee in the room. I really feel it let down an otherwise perfect stay not to be able to have a morning coffee without having to get dressed and walk round the corner to get it - come on Excelsior it wouldn't cost that much and all the guests commented on it.	
Apr 15 2008 	Perfect location for families with children	Our family of four-which includes two young boys- just spent four days at the Excelsior Hotel and we kept saying that we couldn't have picked a better location! Surrounded by elegant apartment buildings and all the lovely green of Central Park and the park around the Natural History Museum, the Excelsior Hotel was a perfect place to come home to after the hustle-and-bustle of New York. When we came up at of our subway stop after a day spent in Midtown, both my husband and I commented that we felt like we could breath again. However, I don't want to give the impression that the hotel is isolated. It's a half block from Central Park, a half block from a subway stop, across the street from the Natural History Museum and around the corner from Columbus Ave., with its shopping, coffee shops, local bistros, groceries, liquor store, pharmacy. Walking Columbus Ave., with your children makes you feel like a local! In the time we were there, I got cold medicine for my son, two good bottles of wine, numerous Starbucks, cereal bars and a high-end French meal. All within a block and a half!The hotel was elegant and the staff was kind. When we checked in, the concierge stopped us and gave business cards of the hotel to our sons, in case they got lost and needed to tell someone where they were staying. It was a kind and thoughtful gesture. We'd reserved a suite for the four of us which proved a good idea. The adults were able to relax in the bedroom while the boys were able to play video games in the living room. The suite was a good size, a good layout, attractive and clean. The sofa bed that our sons slept on had a surprisingly comfortable mattress. We were a little disappointed that our suite wasn't higher--it was on the fourth floor. The street noise was considerable, although by the second night our sons were immune to it. In the bedroom, with the French doors closed, we couldn't hear it. We had a park view, but perhaps the cheaper courtyard view would minimize the street noise.The only thing missing about our visit was room service. The Excelsior Hotel doesn't have it, and with two kids, the idea of heading out for dinner or waiting for breakfast can be too much. However, they did provide delivery menus at the front desk and we ordered twice from the delicious Artie's Delicatessen, which had our food to us in under thirty minutes.However, the lack of room service won't change our appreciation for this hotel. When we come to New York, this is where we will always stay.	
Apr 14 2008 	Excellent value!! Great hotel!	First of all, after reading all of the reviews, I expected terrible service. However, the staff was delightful and more than accommodating. I was even offered an upgrade, which is surprising since I booked through hotels.com. The room heating and air worked fine. Yes, the hotel was hot, but the windows opened and with the AC on, our room was the perfect temperature. The beds were extremely comfortable. The hot water worked just fine. I think since the hotel is old, the faucets were installed backwards. So, turning the temperature in the shower towards cold, actually made the water warm and turning the control towards cold made the water very warm. The hotel was very clean and the bellmen were very kind. Recomendations: use a car service to LGA (through the bellman for $40.00. It is much nicer and the same price as a taxi). Be sure the eat at Azaleas (make a reservation) in the theater district. The concierge recommended it and it was phenomenal. It was the best meal we ate in NY!! Take the gray line hop on hop off all loops tour if you are there for a weekend and want to see the entire city. Don't forget to hit Canal Street to do some bargain shopping as well. Hotels.com matches any price you find on the internet so search booking.com and hotelconxions.com before calling booking through hotels.com. The location was PERFECT if you want to be near an upscale part of NY. Enjoy!	
Apr 14 2008 	Thoroughly enjoyed it	My 8 year old son and I spent 4 nights at the Excelsior and found it to be absolutely lovely. The room was surprisingly spacious for New York City, very comfortable beds, and the shower was phenomenal - even my son enjoyed showering each day, which can be the source of an argument at home! We found the staff to be very friendly and responsive, and I was disturbed to see more than one traveler taking out their stress on the front desk staff for situations clearly beyond their control. Travelers - mind your manners - people want to help you much more when you do!! The concierge in particular went out of his way to be helpful and kind to us, and his advice was very useful on several occasions. The location is absolutely ideal - just steps from the Museum of Natural History, the subway station, and Central Park, not to mention the amazing selection of terrific restaurants within a 5 block radius. The only drawback for us was the grossly overpriced breakfast, typical of New York City, but for $20 per person I felt the selection could have been significantly better - so we walked to a nearby restaurant most days. We would absolutely return to this hotel and hope to do so soon.	
Apr 11 2008 	reasonable hotel in great area	I found this hotel in one of the guide books i had bought. Reading some for the reviews on this site did start me to panic a bit, but once I arrived I was pleasantly sursrised.The desk clerk was helpful with the rooms, since there were four in the party we wanted rooms close together. The conceiger was really helpful with things to do in the area plus our random request for weird places in brooklyn. The only down side was the heating and hot water, it was only avaiable at certain times and with the time of year we visited you could have done with a little more heat, but other than that it was great hotel to stay, lots of places to eat, all in walking distance and away from the hussle and bussle of times square etc. would go back but in warm months	
Mar 30 2008 	Quaint European-style	Half block from 81 St subway stop, quiet residential neighborhood, nothing fancy - like an older European hotel, very friendly staff. Would definitely stay again.	
Mar 29 2008 	Dirty	This hotel is in a great location and it's really disappointing to report that we wouldn't stay there again voluntarily. My one year old daughter kept picking things up from the carpet that were from previous guests - like hair pins that I don't use and that would be easily picked up by a vacuum cleaner. Not only did no-one seem to vacuum during our four night stay, but also apparently not between guests. Gross! Also our trash was never emptied - despite our ordering in food usually once a day, and our bathroom was left untouched. However, someone was coming into the room everyday as they kept closing the net curtains that we were leaving open. Too bad they didn't think to clean while they were there!However, none of this was a surprise after the 'welcome' we received. Even though we were carrying a one year old, 3 big bags, a diaper bag, two back packs and a stroller, none of the three doormen who were standing around chatting thought to help us out at all. The only time help was 'offered' was when the concierge jumped up to tell us we couldn't go to our room with all that and had to have a bellman help...oh well. We were already loaded into the elevator at that point...hmmmm But paled in comparison to our treatment by the guy at the front desk who was EXTREMELY rude to us and all the other guests I saw him speak to. Some people got mad, some people were just confused and others just sort of laughed at him. I was in the first camp and my husband the latter!The doormen continued to be useless throughout the whole stay. They probably got the door for us (we were usually with a stroller) less times than I can count on one hand. We used to live in a door man building on Manhattan's Upper West Side and know this is unusual. The hotel is in need of major refurbishment (torn couches etc), the bed was extremely soft, and like I said, we found stuff on the floor from previous guests - though people without small children may not notice.However, it's a great location especially with a child. Across the road from the Natural History Museum, a block from the park and near great delis and restaurants. It's located very conveniently for all the major west side subway stops, a quick walk across the park to the east side or across the road from the bus to the east side. If it was clean, I would stay here again even with the rude staff.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great value great location	We stayed at the Excelsior for six days and were completely satisfied. It's across the street from the Museum of Natural History, half a block to the subway, and steps away from dozens of restaurants and Zabar's--we self-catered breakfast. The breakfast buffet is nice and adequate but cost $16 ea. The bar is beautiful and quiet. Local relatives say the restaurant is good but we didn't get a chance to try it. Our room was beautifully decorated; the best combination of paint, walpaper, carpet and bedspread I have ever seen in a hotel. All areas were clean. And no minibar! All in all, a great value. We will book again.PS The pictures on the hotel's web site are a good preview of what you will get.	
Mar 25 2008 	Never again	The Excelsior Hotel does not excel in any way. My wife and I wanted a romantic weekend in NY and chose the Excelsior due to the pictures we on its web site. I wish we did not judge this book by its cover. The staff was not only rude and arogant, but when asked a question the answer was usually just plain wrong. While we checked in the clerk received a telephone call and I stood there while she argued with the caller about retrieving her laundry before it was stolen. The continental breakfast would not have passed at a roadside motel let alone an upper west side hotel. The only saving grace was its location, very easy to access the entire city by foot or subway.	
Mar 8 2008 	Clean Safe but Small	I stayed at the Excelsior for three nights. The hotel is located in the Upper West Side of Manhattan, one block west of Central Park. Check in was uneventful and pleasant. My room, 502, faced the park and though quite small, was certainly clean and well-maintained. I did have to switch rooms, though, because a continuous waft of cigarette smoke kept creeping into my room. Although this was a non-smoking hotel, the hallway also smelled of smoke. The front desk said that unless they knew what room it was coming from, they couldn't do anything about it, so they moved my room.My second room, 603, was identical to my first, but with no smoke. It had a queen sized bed, armoire, desk and small bathroom. Noise, given its locaion near a busy street, was not too bad.There is a small fitness room and a restaurant onsite. I did not eat at the restaurant, so I cannot comment, but te fitness room was just fine.Overall, Excelsior offers a reasonably-priced, safe place to stay when visiting the Upper West Side. I would stay there again, provided I planned to sleep there only.	
Mar 7 2008 	Still a Great Find	Just stayed 3 nights again at the Excelsior. I'm always on the lookout for a quality hotel bargain in NYC and can't find anything that beats the Excelsior. We stayed in a regular hotel double room for $219/night (without the enormous NY taxes added). It's convenient to the subway, in a relatively quiet neighborhood and convenient to Lincoln Center where my daughter had auditions to do. Starbucks is across the street, lot's of restaurants nearby, jogging in Central Park. Perfect for me.	
Mar 1 2008 	Delightful Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Excelsior for two nights and found it to be lovely. Our room was absolutely immaculate and the bathroom was large. (Room 806) We enjoyed the view of the park and the Museum of Natural History. I loved the floral tile work and the little alcove window over the bathtub. The bed was extremely comfortable. We utilized the room safe which was not working when we arrived. The front desk sent someone up to fix it in a matter of minutes. We found the staff courteous and helpful. The doorman actually ran out to the street with an umbrella when my husband was flagging down a taxi. The concierge always had a smile whenever we exited the elevator. We did not utilize the restaurant on the 2nd floor. However, we did find a wonderful little diner within walking distance that was quite a bargain for NYC. When we left the hotel, we turned right and walked up to Broadway (2 blocks). Turn left on Broadway and pass Filenes at 79th. The diner is on the same side of the street as Filenes just past it on Broadway and 78th. The breakfast includes freshly squeezed orange juice and coffee. There are about 8 full selections, as well as ala carte choices. I had the full breakfast and chose the challah french toast with a generous serving of bacon. The entire bill was 6.50 with tax! For lunch try Artie's Deli. Wonderful! Just turn right when leaving the hotel,and walk to Broadway. This time, go right on Broadway and walk to 83rd. Huge sandwiches, great matzo ball soup and very fair prices. Had dinner at Freds one night and Pergola des Artistes the other. The later offers wonderful fixed price French dinners. We took a taxi there and I believe it is at 46th Street on the west side near Times Square. Worth the trip! The hotel stored our luggage on our 3rd day there as we had an evening flight home. Found everything about the hotel very lovely and will definitely stay there again when we visit New York	
Feb 25 2008	Nice Hotel	This hotel certainly rates higher than for instance the Milford Plaza Downtown which we stayed at on our last visit (very basic small rooms) The rooms were nicely decorated clean and a good size for two adults and two teenagers (17&amp; 13) beware though two queen size beds meant brother and sister had to share.It was February &amp; cold outside, but as the room had its own air conditioning unit it was not hard to keep the room cosy. One thing missing was a kettle for a first thing morning cuppa, so we bought a cheap kettle $10 and that was sorted !We liked the district in which the Excelsior was located more peaceful than downtown ensuring a good nights sleep. The subway is at the end of the block and very easy to walk to for all destinations.A good supply of eateries in the area a stroll away - try EJs diner for a great breakfast in traditional diner surroundings.The only downside of the hotel was the staff at the desk are not that friendly and the porters and concierge have always got their hands out for a tip. But as interaction with these people is very limited on a day to day basis don’t let this put you off, the maids are very pleasant who service the rooms really well every day.	
Jan 24 2008 	The Best	Great location, Great staff, Best value in New York. Close to everything. Family friendly. Boutique feel. Recent renovations did not interfere with stay and hope to improve future adventures. Check out Zabars and EJ's. Starbucks is just across the street but complimentary coffee would be appreciated. Hope to stay on my next trip.	
Jan 23 2008 	everything we needed	We stayed for a week including New Year's Eve. The last 2 nights in December were priced higher than the other nights; but still much less than other NYC hotels closer to the action. This hotel is in a relatively quiet area right across the street from the Natural History museum, which took us 2 days to see. We have 2 teenagers who stayed in a separate but adjacent room. There was enough space to meet our needs. There is no coffee in the rooms, but breakfast is available for a price. The breakfast was good; it was rather cold to go out looking for food in the morning so we ate there every day. Concierge was helpful with finding restaurants and we even ordered pizza to the room one night! There is one computer available in the lobby for guests to use. All in all, it was a pleasant experience....we have stayed at more upscale places but the Excelsior had everything we needed without breaking the bank. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 10 2008 	Enjoyed our stay	Stayed at the Excelsior during the 1st week of December. Went to NYC to enjoy the Christmas decorations and the Rockettes. While I prefer the hustle of Times Square, this hotel met all of our needs. Take some time to enjoy the wonderful neighborhood. There are so many neat shops and restaurants within walking distance. This is something you don't experience in the Times Square area. Zabars is definetely worth a look. Also walk to Alice's Tea Cup for a delightful breakfast or brunch. We only had one problem and that was with the toliet overflowing. With 1 phone call we got quick results. The water pressure in the shower was amazing! We inquired about the breakfast but thought it was too pricey. Starbucks is 1/2 block away so we were fine. I did not like having to pay to use the computer. We only had to chcek in for our flight and I think there should be a free computer for guest use. We arrived early in the morning and were able to check right in. We also had a late flight out and they were very happy to store our luggage. I do suggest you let them call a car for you when you need to check out so you don't have to wait for a taxi. Not a whole lot more and it was reassuring to know it would be there on time. The subway is very close so getting into Times Square was never a problem. Beware though, we tried to take the subway back late one evening and the line we needed was already closed. Some taxis do not want to take you from Times Square back to Central Park West. It took us over an hour to get a taxi. Overall, it was a nice place to stay. I found the staff was as nice to us as we were to them. Kindness and respect goes a long way.	
Jan 2 2008 	Don't Even Think About It	We had stayed at the Excelsior on and off for several years and, despite its limitations (e.g., no room service) we usually found it a pleasant, good place to spend three or four days. We came to the Excelsior during the week between Christmas and New Year this year -- and it was a disaster. Some examples: the room was infernally hot and only could be made tolerable by running the AC full blast (in late December), but this made it hard to sleep because of the ancient AC unit's noise. The hotel ran out of hot water at 9 AM (in the middle of a shower) and we had to wait half an hour until it got lukewarm enough to use. All three keys to our room stopped working one day before our scheduled checkout time and a surly front desk attendant, instead of apologizing for the programming error, accused us of keeping the keys next to magnetic devices.	
Jan 2 2008 	Super tourist hotel	All hotels in New York are expensive and compared to the other available hotels in the same price bracket, this one appeared far better on websites and also on reviewing past travellers' reviews.We too were impressed with the hotel, which was everything we expected for a mid price 3* hotel. The hotel is half way up central park on the west side between 8th and Columbus, which meant every morning we enjoyed the walk through central park into town. If you're not a fan of walking the subway is right on the corner of 8th.I really liked the area as it was not as touristy as mid town near Times Square, but still pretty central. You are near the Uptown bus tour stop and the Natural History museum and well placed to see other such tourist sites.Our price did not include breakfast and being British we wanted to eat breakfast in diners, lunch in cafes and dinner in local restaurants - all of which we achieved. Recommend EJs and French Roast for breakfast and Nice Matin for dinner. Hotel had these recommendations and more of which these were the ones we tried.Having been to NYC several times already this perfect as it was in a different quieter and more pleasant part of town without being too far away. The hotel room was large based on prior experience of NYC hotels, with nice fresh new-looking bedding, bathroom was adequate and room had nice view of rooftops of the city. Spent bit of time in the hotel room at the end of the day watching the big tv, would not have wanted to spend too much more time there, but who does in NYC. Was very happy with the hotel, would definitely recommend it and for a similar price would definitely choose it again (it cost £140 a night during the wk and £170 for the weekend roughly). Cant give it 5* as didnt try brekkie and doesnt have the facilities of a big 4/5*, main asset is the location and pleasant comfort of the room.	
Dec 30 2007	Good hotel great location	I booked the Excelsior Hotel for a 5 night Christmas shopping trip to NY for me and my mum. I was a bit worried after I had booked the hoteldue to reading a fair amount of negative comments, particularly regarding the staff. However, I was pleasantly surprised when I got there. The hotel is smart looking, the staff were fine, not overly friendly but nor were they rude and they dealt with any queries we had efficiently. The room was as expected, nothing special but the beds were comfortable, the size was fine and there was nothing to complain about. The location was fantastic, right near the 81st subwayso it was perfect for getting around and seeing the city. We never hadbreakfast in the hotel as it seemed expensive - $20 not including coffee but there are plenty of delis and coffee shops nearby where youcan get breakfast for less than $5 which is probably a better way to do things anyway. We were barely in the hotel, more just coming and going as there is so much to see and do. I would stay at this hotel again, mainly due to the location but it was a comfortable and pleasant stay there too.	
Dec 22 2007 	Family Christmas Trip	I booked the Excelsior Hotel as part of a New York Christmas trip for my two sons and their fiancees, my husband and myself. I wanted a place to stay that would give us privacy and a common room to visit. The two bedroom suite that I booked was great. We had one bedroom with a bath for my husband and me and another bedroom with two queen sized beds and a bath for the boys and girls. The couch in the sitting room also made out into a queen size bed but we did not need it. The layout was similar to a small apartment and gave us plenty of room. The location of the hotel is great. It is very residential and such a relaxing place after a busy day of sightseeing. There is a subway station about a half a block away and another two blocks down on 79th street. We traveled all over Manhattan as well as the Bronx, Harlem, and Brooklyn and had no trouble at all because of the location of the subway routes. There are many deli's, coffee shops, and small restaurants within two or three blocks that are very reasonably priced. The staff of the hotel was very helpful when we needed them. The front desk staff was not overly friendly but they were attentive to any need that we had. The doorman and the other guys were extremely helpful with luggage storage on our last day and with booking a car and calling a cab to get us all to the airport. Central Park is less than a block away and the East Side is a very comfortable walk across Central Park. The Museum of Natural History is right across the street On our last trip we stayed in Midtown and it was not a bad experience but I really love the upper West Side and would stay at the Excelsior again.	
Nov 29 2007 	Great deal in a wonderful location!	I stayed at the Excelsior in early November while attending a conference near Rock Center. I chose the hotel primarily due to cost and the fact that I booked late. All hotels near the conference were booking in at over $500 for a Wednesday through Friday stay in early November, which was not in my department budget, even for NYC. I foundthe Excelsior on Travelocity for a reasonable price (package deal withairfare for $681), researched it on TripAdvisor.com and booked it witha bit of trepidation due to the negative comments on the staff.My experience was mostly positive with a few exceptions.Positives:* GREAT location! Very safe, residential neighborhood, but close to food, bookstores and shops on Columbus and Broadway. Not to mention proximity to museums and Central Park.* Nice rooms. Not the biggest in the world, but not the smallest I've seen in NYC either. The room I had overlooked the park across the street and had ample room for two adults (although I was traveling alone) and luggage without an issue.* Accessible to transportation. With subway stops within a block of the hotel that will whisk you away to anywhere in Manhattan for $2.00,even those of us with an expense account to pay for taxi transportation would rather take the subway (see negatives regarding more on the taxi service at the location).* Quiet. This hotel is out of the bustle of midtown or some of the lower manhattan hotels. It is, for all intents and purposes, a residential neighborhood. I had quite a good time on my one day off (Wednesday) hanging at Starbucks watching dogwalkers, moms and nannys walk by with their charges and then heading off to the Barnes &amp; Noble and doing the same thing.* Doorman and bellmen are amazingly service oriented! These guys did everything right and made sure I was well taken care of at all turns.Negatives:* Some of the other reviewers are right, SOME of the staff has issues.Desk agents are less than helpful, whether it be checking in, checkingout or any other problem you bring to their attention. They seem frazzled and uncaring. Whether it's an understaffing situation or justthat they'd rather be lottery winners, I'm not sure, but this should be addressed by management.* The one problem that was irritating was that the remote control in my room for my television did not work. Right, just get off your lazy butt and change the channel, you're saying. he problem being is they use a LodgeNET system, which works on channel 3 of the television and relies on the remote to actually surf away from the menu channel. Despite several calls and stops at the desk, when I left on Friday morning, I still had no access to television. I didn't mind, I read a book and worked a bit on my laptop, but the point is, this level of service (or lackthereof) on the part of the desk staff is unacceptable at any level.* Taxis. This is not the fault of the hotel, but during peak rush times and bad weather, getting a taxi in front of the hotel is near impossible (see subway alternative perk though). Getting to the airport on Friday in the rain, thank GOD the bellman knew this and had cost-effective alternatives to offer me.All in all, I'd stay here again and, as a matter of fact, I am planning a mini-vacation trip here next year and will more than likely stay at the Excelsior again. Bottom line, yes there are some minor service issues, but going in with your eyes open and realizing that you, as an individual can also be responsible for your own wake-up calls (there are alarm clocks in the room and my cell phone alarm woke me just fine) and other things you don't think twice about doing for yourself at home, I think you'll be pleasantly suprised with the Excelsior.	
Nov 28 2007 	I Love New York	having read previous review we were quite concerned as some were negative, however we are delighted to report the hotel was excellent! The room was internal with no view(only other rooms and the breakfast room) but this was fine as there were curtains to disguise it and to be honest we were so pleased with the room we didn't mind at all.We had a little sitting room with sofa, desk and built in cupboard with complimentary fluffy dressing gowns ! and a big bedroom with nice furniture and plenty of room. The bathroom was really clean with complimentary soaps, sewing kits etc and the towels were changed every day.The location of the hotel is fab, just a 2 min walk from the subway which is ideal when you legs are aching from all the walking. It is also located opposite the natural history museum and near central park.overall an enjoyable experience, new York is amazing but it was nice to have a decent hotel to relax in at the end of a long day. couldn't fault the hotel and would 100% stay there again and would recommend it.	
Nov 19 2007 	Very nice west side hotel	Excelsior has a traditional decor - with wood paneling in the reception and even the elevators.The atmosphere is 'residential' - and service is helpful. When I needed to change rooms, this was accomplished efficiently - and the outcome was a nice, small suite of rooms on an upper floor, at the back of the hotel (lthe location and arrangement were just right -and worth paying an upgrade in the rate).Nice breakfast buffet - with eggs or omelets cooked to order -- plus a wide array of meats, cheeses, breads, cereals, juice, and fruit. Plus, tea or coffee to go ! (But no room-service.)Staff is helpful with reservation of a car to return to the airport as well.All around, Excelsior is comfortable and accomodating !	
Nov 18 2007 	Great Location!	This hotel is in an excellent location in the Upper West Side just a stones throw from Central Park. In the past we have stayed in hotels uptown and have found this experience to be somewhat claustraphobic at times. The Excelsior is located in a peaceful typical 'better' Upper West neighbourhood with some lovely coffee shops and delis. Uptown is only a short five minute taxi drive away. The hotel itself is clean and comfortable although the rooms are not huge, (like most NY hotels anyway i suppose.) The reception staff were helpful and pleasant (the trip advisor comments about rude staff were not proven during our stay). Only criticism, no hotel bar to relax in during the evening although there are a few bars within walking distance. We would stay here again.	
Nov 13 2007 	Good value for New York	We booked this hotel as part of a package with ebookers for a special birthday occasion.On arrival we were upgraded to a park view room which was a large and comfortable rooms with two king size beds. The air con was helpful in August. Situated on west 81st it is a good 20-30 minute walk to 5th Ave through Central Park but a very pleasant walk. There is a metro station just across the road which gets you to Times Square in less than 5 minutes.We also used the uptown loop on the sightseeing buses to get to the hotel (stops at Natural History Museum). The sightseeing tours are excellent for beginners to New York - we enjoyed the downtown loop and night tour and got tickets to Empire State and Statue of Liberty ferry included in price.Back to the hotel - the staff are a little standoffish but generally helpful. The breakfast was very expensive and money was much better spent in little delis nearby.Overall a good value hotel - I don't think you will find rooms of this size in a more central location unless you pay mega bucks!	
Nov 10 2007 	Excelsior Hotel - Excellent Location!	My husband and I stayed one week at the Excelsior and had a lovely time. Our &quot;package deal&quot; room was on the fourth floor in the back instead of being on the street side so it was quiet at night (a good trade-off). The room was kept very clean and had an air conditioner under the window for when there is no breeze. The location was superb: a short walk to Central Park and many restaurants along Amsterdam and Columbus Avenues. A Metro stop was on the corner. I would have liked a hot pot in the room. We did not use the breakfast room or any of the other special rooms on the second floor because we were only at the hotel to sleep. Other hotels may be a bit cheaper but everything in NYC is expensive. The Excelsior is moderately priced and we had no surprises. An alarm clock is in the room so you don't have to depend on a wake up call.	
Nov 10 2007 	Don't ever stay at the Excelsior Hotel in NYC	We stayed at the Excelsior Hotel in NYC when we came to the city to do the NYC Marathon. It was a disaster! We booked a wake up call for marathon morning - it never came! Not a single guest in the hotel (most of whom were running the marathon) got a wake up call. The hotel staff were unapologetic simply saying &quot;Too bad, accidents happen.&quot; Returning to the hotel after finishing the marathon we found that we had no hot water!! Again the staff were unapologetic saying the hotel was busy and we couldn't expect to get hot water! After much argument and them sending some to verify that we actually had no hot water we were finally offered another room. I could go on and on about the atrocious service and rude staff we encountered in this hotel, but these two examples are probably sufficient. We wrote a letter of complaint to the general manager - but got no response. Obviously the lack of service starts at the top.	
Oct 25 2007 	Nice location but small rooms	This hotel was ideally located for a group of us attending an event just across the Park &amp; handy for local restaurants on Columbus &amp; Amsterdam Avenues. Staff were OK &amp; the outside of the building appeared to be undergoing rennovation, but that wasn't causing any disturbance. the cost was about $275 a night. I've stayed nearer the centre of Manhattan in the past, but this place was far enough out to be relatively peaceful, eat in restaurants full of locals at night, but still be close enough to the action. The rooms were small &amp; there were no tea or coffee making facilities &amp; no free internet. But as all rooms I've stayed in in NY have been tiny &amp; there's a Starbucks or equivalent on every corner these aren't major hassles.	
Oct 14 2007 	Loved it!	Excellent hotel! extremely clean with a beautiful view of the American Museum of Natural History.An excellent choise for those who want to stay at Upper West Side.	
Oct 14 2007 	A Gem In The Upper West Side	A very nice Hotel in a tranquil , safe areaAcross the street fron the Museum of Natural History , within walking distance of Central Park , nice restaurants on Columbus Ave , Central Park, subway and bus station .Godd shopping like Filene´s Basement , Circuit City , Gap and Victoria´s Secrets in nearby BroadwayRooms are not big but comfortable and very cleanGreat breakfastA very good price/quaility relationship	
Oct 7 2007	Nice hotel	Just got back from NY on Friday. Stayed at the Excelsior for 5 nights. Was a bit worried because of the negative comments regarding the staff. However, they weren't too bad. They didn't bend over backwards to be overly friendly but they were pleasant enough.The room was clean. Maid service evey day and fresh towels.The room was pretty stuffy though,because the air con was too noisy to leave on at night.As everyone else has mentioned the location is great. The subway is out to the left of the hotel along at the corner. The Natural Histroy Museum and Central Park are close by.We walked down to Broadway for breakfast a few days,couple of good diners there that are reasonably priced,Manhatten Diner does lovely pancakes.To get to Broadway just turn right as you come out of the hotel and its 2 blocks down.Would go back to the Excelsior again because it's clean,good location and the surrounding neighbourhood feels safe.	
Sep 14 2007 	Excelsior Hotel... a true Upper West Side experience!	Writing a review for the Excelsior Hotel is painful only because I want this hotel all to myself. What a gem! It is located on the UWS right across from the Museum of Natural History and justthisclose to Central Park. My top floor room had museum/ park views. The staff was helpful and the room was really quiet ,really comfy, and really clean. I know I will stay here whenever I begin to yearn for the beauty and slower pace of the UWS.	
Aug 22 2007 	top notch  friendly service location!	The Excelsior is a hidden gem. Beautiful, pre war (?) building right across from American Museum of Natural History with a million dollar view of Manhattan. In a quiet neighborhood, but accessible to public transportation and taxis, as well as Central Park. The staff, including the general manager were so very friendly and courteous. The room was very clean, comfortable and tastefully decorated. I was sad to leave. I have already recommended this place to several friends and colleagues.	
Aug 13 2007 	Great Value Great Hotel	Had a great experience with the Excelsior. Rooms were spacious and clean, beds were very comfortable. Hotel staff was great. We booked a few months ahead, so we really got great value for the price we paid for the Hotel. Very convenient location, right next to the Museum of Natural History and Subway Station right at the corner, 81st Station - which will take you to all stops. No trouble getting around NYC with this very convenient location. Great restaurants on Columbus Ave, Central Park right across the street - couldn't have asked for a better location, especially since we had 2 young children. Easy to get cabs at any time as well.The staff was not overly friendly but helpful. The concierge service was excellent. Would definitely recommend this Hotel for families with young children.	
Aug 8 2007 	European Hotel in UWS Manhattan	We have just returned from a week at the Excelsior Hotel in Manhattan. The hotel is great. European style, old world look. Very clean and nice. Staff was friendly and helpful. It was hot and humid in town, thank God for A/C!! It is located right across the street from the American Museum of Natural History &amp; Plantetarium. Great location from restaurant, subway, museums &amp; Central Park. Room was not too small, we were able to move around. Small closet &amp; bathroom. Queen size bed, very comfortable. Desk &amp; one night stand. TV with satellite cable, didn't watch much TV. Shower had good pressure and temperature. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in on NYC! Highly recommended!	
Jul 27 2007 	Great Location But . . .	I should start by saying I got a rate of $190 per night for our room (1 bedroom, 2 double beds, 2 adults with 2 children), and at that price, it was okay. But having seen what is more frequently charged, I felt compelled to report the problems we encountered. While the room looked clean, it had an unpleasant odor. (My husband suggested it was disinfectant. I would have said cat pee, but I tried very hard to believe it was disinfectant instead.) The air conditioner couldn't muster the oomph to actually cool the entire room. Someone vacuuming over our heads woke us up before 8 a.m. on Sunday morning.And as others have reported here, the front desk staff were dreadful. We were in town for the weekend to attend a baseball game, and having noticed that the subway train we intended to take didn't seem to run on weekends, we asked at the front desk if it was possible to take the subway from the corner station to Yankee Stadium on a Saturday. They said no. When we asked the best way to get there on a weekend, the desk clerk said he was sure one of the many brochures on their concierge desk could tell us.He'd have lost points with me for rudeness and general uselessness even if his answers hadn't ultimately proved wrong. (Yes, you can take the subway from that station to the stadium, even on weekends. And the game was great, by the way, except perhaps for people from Tampa.) But the front desk has to get that question from guests over and over again, which makes his answer seem as much malicious as stupid.And as for writing that off as &quot;just a New Yorker,&quot; I'd have to say we've found New Yorkers to be the some of the most outgoing and helpful people in the world. My children joke that every time you stop to read a subway map in the city, some passer-by will ask what you're looking for and offer to help. Perhaps next time we should just ask for suggestions for a good hotel on the Upper West Side.	
Jul 25 2007 	Not Great Experience-Unprofessional	Arrogant staff, unprofessional experience, not a great time...We had booked a suite directly through the hotel. When we arrived to check in, havoc was in store.We were given keys to the room, went up, keys didn't work. Went back downstairs and a bellboy accompanied us to the room -- tried the keys, still didn't work. Used his master key and let us into a room that was a) too small and not a suite and b) other people's things were in it!!!! They obviously messed up the room.Went back to lobby, given keys to another room -- keys still don't work. Took multiple trips up/down to figure out the correct keys and correct room. Very unprofessional -- apparently there was a 'systems glitch'.Staff refused to bring extra items like an extra chair, were unaccomodating unfriendly and arrogant in general. Room was stuffy and small and minimal windows to the outside. Too expensive for this type of service!Even after complaining to the manager on the phone post-visit, no compensation was adjusted and there was a lack of understanding of why this was a poor visit.WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT.	
Jul 24 2007 	Fantastic Trip to New York Excelsior is the best!	Having read some of the more scathing reviews on this site, I was a little apprehensive about our upcomming vacation to New York, to stay at this hotel &amp; had very low expectations about what we would experience.... I could not have been more wrong...!Right from the moment that we checked in with our Special needs baby son Travis , my husband &amp; myself received the very highest level of service &amp; hospitality from the Staff at the Excelsior..We were given a free upgrade to a Suite ( even though the Hotel was very full ) Just by asking for a nice room &amp; the price of a smile... All through our stay, the desk staff went out of their way to be helpful, answering any questions we had quickly &amp; politely.. the other members of staff ( in the Breakfast room &amp; Lobby ) remembered us quickly &amp; made a fuss of our son each time they saw us, adding to the freindly atmosphere we experienced all over New York...Our suite was comfortable with big fluffy robes to wear &amp; was cleaned &amp; restocked with fresh towels each day.. The housekeeping staff even tidyed Travis's cot &amp; regrouped all his Soft toys! Just a couple of minor gripes... 1. not having a Coffee/Tea maker in the room, but Starbucks is only two minutes walk from the hotel, so my husband went &amp; got a take out for us each day while I got Travis ready to go... 2. No Bar or restaurant for the evening... But there are LOADS within a block or two so it was not too much of a problem... We did have breakfast in the hotel twice ( $19 for a full American breakfast, fresh cooked for you ) which was nice, but there are plenty of places just outside if you want something different or want to spend a little less.. The location was great, just half a block from Central Park &amp; right by the Natural History museum.. The Subway is just two minutes from the hotel, but the walk through the park is so nice we prefered to do that, as we needed to carry Travis's wheelchair down into the 81st street subway due to no lifts. Also we were pleased that some New York taxis cabs are able to take a wheel chair, so we had a ride or two when we were too tired to walk..! The very best thing about the Hotel is how peaceful it is after a day of sightseeing or shopping.. We passed many of the other hotels on our travels &amp; never found one that had a more restful location.Don't be worried about visiting this hotel, you will have a great time, just be nice to the staff &amp; they will do the same for you.	
Jul 20 2007	A great hotel in an even greater neighborhood	I spent a week at The Excelsior and couldn't be happier with my choice. I was on the 8th floor and had two large windows that overlooked the park-like grounds of the Museum of Natural History. I had a queen size bed with very nice linens, large closet with electronic safe, and good-sized bathroom. The place was very clean and the housekeeper did an excellent job every day.The hotel is within a block of the subway stop at 81st and Central Park West and the crosstown bus stops right in front of the hotel. Central Park is right across the street from the subway stop and four or five blocks in the other direction on 81st is Riverside Park with the walk along the Hudson River.I ate in the breakfast room ($19.50!) my last morning when it was storming outside but please get out and explore the neighborhood for a diner, coffee shop, or bakery. My favorites were within sight of each other at 77th &amp; Broadway. The Manhattan Diner (24 hrs.) was my favorite with waiter service and a number of breakfast specials for $6.75. Big Nick's across the street is OK for breakfast but they have excellent cheeseburgers and pizza and a huge menu of other stuff. The Europan Bakery/Cafe has excellent pastries and cooked to order breakfasts. H&amp;H Bagels and Zabar's are a couple of blocks up Broadway.As others have mentioned the front desk staff aren't the friendliest but I didn't really have to interact much with them. They obviously have perfected the &quot;Dress like a big city hotel staff&quot; part of the training manual but haven't gotten to the section on &quot;How to make guests feel welcome and at home&quot;. They also have perfected the &quot;Look busy on the computer so someone else will have to wait on you&quot; routine. All that said, I loved my stay and they didn't dampen my enthusiasm. I'll definitely return!	
Jul 16 2007 	Perfect for us...	We've stayed at the Excelsior three times within the last year, everything was perfect. The front desk has always been pleasant and efficient...they've always been able to check me in early.	
Jul 7 2007 	Great hotel bad service	The hotel and room itself was great. We did not have any problems with the room and it was well maintained and clean. The breakfast room was really nice. We did, however, experience the same rudeness from front desk employees as others have reported. I do not recall seeing them crack a smile once during our one week stay. Judging from other reports, this is something the hotel management should take very seriously because this hotel is in too good of a location and has too much potential to have careless employees ruin its reputation.	
Jul 6 2007 	Location location location	After all the reviews, we took the plunge and stayed at the Excelsior. The staff was aloof, borderline snobbish and not overly helpful, but if you understand that you are in New York, you can get over it. Half were nice, half were marginal. It's just the way it is. The room is VERY clean and VERY spacious by New York standards, very nicely decorated. This is an upscale hotel at a more than decent price in the city. You won't be disappointed. However, this is not the place for small children. THERE ARE NO LOCKS ON THE WINDOWS!!! Literally, anyone could fall right out of the 12th fl., no guards, nada! We strategically placed our luggage, and the kids were so doggone tired, they wouldn't think to get up at night, and we weren't in the room daytime. Airconditioner is so, so. You CANNOT beat the location!!!! The Museum of Natural His. and Central Park, literally ACROSS the street. Subway, outside the door! Would stay again, because of location! Overall very good value! Walk to Funky Diner to eat, food is EXCELLENT and they are friendly there! Taxi is $10 one way to heart of Times Sq., but its nice to stay away from the hustle.	
Jun 30 2007	Even Worse	I left some items behind at The Excelsior and called them and asked them to send them to me. You would not believe how snotty they were. They continued to give me a difficult time until after 8 emails - finally I sent them my Credit card #We have traveled all over the World and there has never been a time I have been treated so rudely. In 30 years whenever I inadvertantly left something behind, the Hotel always graciously sent it to me at no cost to me- as a courtesy. I do not recommend anyone support this kind of business and attitude. Find a hotel that treats you respectfully as their guest! Thumbs WAY down! Unforgiveable treatment of a guest.	
Jun 18 2007 	Pretty Good!	A very good hotel. A bit pricy, but that's what to expect in NYC. Thefirst time I was there, in August 2006, we were upgraded to a one bedroom deluxe suite. The staff were very friendly. The only thing I didn't like is during the stay in 2006, the toilet broke, and it tookthem many hours until someone came up to fix it. During the stay in 2007, we were running many electronics and the electricity went out. Luckily, it was fixed within 10-15 minutes.	
Jun 17 2007 	Perfect Location to see the real NY	My mum and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights whilst on a long weekend trip. For what we needed the hotel was perfect and I would stay there again. Our room was clean and in good condition. It was light and bright and had good air conditioning. The beds were very comfy and the linen clean and in good condition. The bathroom was small but had good facilities and was well maintained. The couple of conversations we had with the front desk were certainly &quot;no frills&quot; but we weren't staying at the hotel to be charmed with amazing service, we were there for the location and for the reasonable price. And the location really was perfect. The subway is about a 3 minute walk away and there are lots of buses nearby that take you down town. We went to the theatre a couple of nights and felt safe to travel back to the hotel using public transport .Central Park is again only about 3 minutes walk away. But I think the clincher for me, is that you're not overwhelmed by tourists. The area is very residential and so the local diners really are full of locals (our favourite was Cafe 82) and the same goes for the shops, delis (try Zabars) and bars. You felt you were experiencing more of the real NY.I'd say this hotel is perfect for people who want somewhere nice to sleep but who want to be out and about exploring the city most of the time. For those who want to be slightly away from (but still able to get to) the main tourist sights - those who would rather step out to find Central Park on their door step, than the battle of tourists on Time Square.	
May 26 2007	Good Location Big Room Not Many Frills	The Excelsior is far from the ultimate hotel experience, but it gets the job done. We needed a room ASAP in New York and hugely overpaid for our stay, but the suite had a fabulous view and I love the area. Because I lived in New York I have no desire to stay in touristy/business-oriented Midtown, so it's important for me to be in a real neighborhood near my friends and close to a subway stop. Hotel options on the Upper West Side are somewhat slim so the Excelsior fits the bill. However, service is not a strong suit and the staff is small. Decor is standard colonial stuff, nothing special. Room was very clean and big by NYC standards. I'd gladly stay there again if we can pay much less!	
May 1 2007 	#1 Hotel in NYC	I Have stayed in this hotel several times and I find it quite amazing how people complain about it? I've stayed in almost everyroom available and they all seem quite neat &amp; clean..The rates are great! location great! front desk may need a little tuning up, but hey it wouldnt be NY without a little attitude...lol...I would stay here as long as I visit NYC	
Apr 29 2007 	Nice Hotel	This hotel is within walking distance of Central Park and the Museum of Natural History. Unfortunately, we didn't have time to see the museum. The location is excellent. There are tons of wine and flower shops as well as restaurants and bakeries in the area. The hotel itself reminded me of the Titanic. It was decorated in an old opulent style. Our room was on the 15th floor, and our view was nice. The room itself had clean linens and was clean enough to be hygienic, but one could not say it was immaculately clean. The shower had mold in it, and the window areas were filthy. It was also dusty. The room was large enough, as was the bathroom, and it reminded me of a newer bed and breakfast. The carpet and wallpaper appeared to be brand new. The beds were comfortable. I'd stay here again, but I wouldn't pay a lot for the room. In my opinion no more than $250 a night. I paid less than that to stay at The Hard Rock in Orlando, and that place was immaculate.	
Apr 13 2007 	nice place!!	We stayed at the Excelsior from the 22nd march until the 26th march and then travelled to Canada. I had originally booked the Helmesley Park Lane but due to the many bad reviews we swapped to the Excelsior. We were slightly perturbed when we pulled up outside and saw the scaffolding but the interior was welcoming and the night staff reasonably friendly. Initially couldnt find the booking but found it under another name (my partners). I suspect we had a single room originally as he looked shocked when i told him there was 2 of us. However he checked the booking and immediately sorted the problemwithout bothering me with it! We were then shown to room 906, clean, fresh, light and airy with 2 large picture windows that opened onto alovely view of the natural history museum gardens, the museum itself and some of the city skyline and if you craned your neck to the left a little you could see central Park! It was also great to have a bathroom window that opened, again clean, fresh and plenty of fluffy white towels available. Great water pressure too. The bed was a queen, comfy and well stocked with big pillows and a fleecy blanket as well as a quilt and top sheet. We faced onto the street which admittedly was noisy with the windows open but no more noisy than themain street we stayed on in Paris, Havana, Toronto, London and all other major cities we have visited and i wouldnt have sacrificed the view. We didnt use hotel catering at all during our stay so cannot comment on it, however we did have a problem with the safe and had tocall maintenance in to sort it. He was a miserable bloke really, so much so he was actually laughable so we didnt allow his rude attitudeto reflect upon other staff who were helpful and courteous. We used the in house dry cleaning and ironing service for my partners suit, we were assured it would be back in time for our theatre date but hadto call to chase it up as we were then subsequently told it wouldnt be back until 8.30pm (had to be at winter garden theatre for 7.15 forMama Mia!). However after a call to reception this was sorted and we werent charged the full cleaning price. I would recommend any of the dry cleaners in the area (and there are at least 2 that are seconds away from the hotel). We saw lots of locals using them as were a lot cheaper than the hotel service. The general area and location of thishotel was faultless, the subway is one block away and there are literally hundreds of local places to eat that serve everything from mexican to chinese to steaks to tofu! We found Columbus to be the best street. I agree with the person that mentioned the dog walkers, literally hundreds of locals out walking their dogs of all shapes andsizes. After a few days you start to see the same faces (both canine and human) and it was great to be in a nice residential area. We also asked for directions occasionally and people were really friendly and glad to help, we even shared a taxi ride on a Friday evening as it was raining! Overall i had a great time in NYC, the best birthday present ever (a small consolation fro turning 30) I would recommend the hotel to others but check out lots of sites that feature it to get the best price and also check with the hotel itself.	
Apr 6 2007 	Very Nice Room!	A group of girls and I stayed in this hotel during a girls’ trip (5 girls) to NYC during mid March-2007. We booked a suite for 5 girls (3nights) and it was very nice and mainly the room was super clean. The bathroom, beds and floor were clean. The beds were super comfortable and the room was spacious enough for 5 girls and their language. I would definitely stay in this hotel again if I come back to NYC. The staff was kind and helpful. The outside of the hotel was under renovation but I did not care about that. I cared more about how the room where I was going to sleep in looks like and it was definitely a good choice. I hope this review helps.	
Apr 6 2007 	Worst Service Experience EVER	I would just like to say that I lived in NY for 5 years and on the UWS for most of those years. Last year I moved to SF, but I still come back to visit my sister and fam on the UWS. Now there are a collection of hotels that I usually check out when I come, the Excelsior being one of them. Although, I had not stayed here in a while because I have found On The Avenue to be fantastic and cheaper. Nevertheless, I found On the Ave sold out for this weekend and decided to book a room at the Excelsior. I was already aware that the rooms at this hotel are reminiscent of staying with your Grandmother, but I was okay with that, plus it was the only room I could find up here.So, enter my my most appalling customer service experience ever:I enter the hotel with my sister( we were laughing and talking as we approached the desk, the desk clerk on the phone) as I await for him to get off the phone he barely looks sideways at me while still on the phone and curtly states, &quot;Checking in?&quot; after I reply yes, slightly surprised by his tone and lack of attention, he then simply and rudely says, &quot;Name&quot;....&quot;Spell it&quot; all while chatting on the phone and looking at a computer off to the side. &quot;Credit card&quot; were the next words out of his mouth and believe you me, these words in quotes, so far, were the only words he uttered to me.......besides the overheard conversation he was having on the phone in regards to Jesus being busy this week, and something about will they be washing the feet tonight......I put the card on the counter as opposed to handing it to him because I am, rightly so, putt of by his lack of attention and inconceivably rude actions and attitude. I can tell this bothers him, and I say, &quot;I do think it is a bit rude that you are chatting on the phone while I am trying to check in to the room I am paying for. He says he is making flight arrangements that must be done at this very moment.....not sure where jesus fits into flight arrangements these days. I mention that I heard him discussing Jesus and the bathing of feet, not flight arrangements....he says this is his religion and it is very important to him. At this point I must add, this is not some sweet distracted man talking about the Lord. He sounds like his is gossiping about celebs while on the phone and his manner of speaking is so quick, sharp and filled with such bitterness and anger it is totally shocking. He is completing my room confirmation (still on the phone 'gabbing'.....I am not deaf, he was not making 'flight arrangements' ) I say,&quot; Really, this is very rude&quot;.....he then, in last ditch attempt to make his story real says to the person on the phone,&quot;I will have to call you back....will you hold those seats&quot;....c'mon, give me a break. He begins to lambaste my sister and I for throwing my credit card at him.....this did not happen AT ALL...my sister looks at me like is this guy for real? I told him why I thought it was rude, but he was so worked up I don't think he was listening or he even heard my sister say...maybe you are having a bad day...he was just railing on about how he hadn't done anything wrong.....obviously to be that worked up there must have been something going on. I proceeded to explain how I would have appreciated...&quot;Welcome, sorry I need to be on the phone can i get your information&quot;....or any variation on that theme.*(p.s. I paying a chunk of change for a 1 bedroom suite) I tell you, this was the most shocking service I have ever had...after I got his name, Joseph, if that is his name. I walked away only to then recognize he was playing some incongruent pop radio station rather loudly throughout the lobby. I was so putt off by the experience I was nervous about entering the lobby upon my return tonight, he was really worked up man....additionally, I am not only checking out tomorrow(p.s. the hotel ain't worth it anyway), but I will tell everyone I know of to never come here. Stay away unless a medical emergency prevents it to be so.	
Apr 3 2007 	Not bad but nothing special.	Flew back last night after 7 nights at the Excelsior. We have very mixed feelings about this hotel which pretty much concur with the last reviewer.Good points: The hotel is comfy and our room was clean although rather dated decor wise. The location is safe - it's more of a residential district so people out and about tend to be locals walking dogs (spotted more breeds than at crufts!) and hustling to and fro from work. As has been stated many times before, the location is great for central park, the Museum of Natural History (just across the street and a full day trip if you have children with you. Excellent IMAX presentation about the latest Rover moon landings, and an impressive planetarium) and the Metropolitan Museum which is a 10 min stroll accross the park to 5th Avenue. The housekeeping staff were great - our 9 yr old daughter vomited quite spectacularly in the lift one evening which we were mortified about but they couldn't have been nicer about it. To be honest we didn't find the desk staff rude or unhelpful - just perfunctory.Now the bad: We were on the 10th floor and found the noise level from the street quite intrusive, especially early in the morning. The lack of facilities is frustrating - no tea or coffee making facilities, no bar (can't really take the kids out bar hopping of an evening!) and no food except breakfast which we risked on our first morning - weird, stuffy dining room like a Victorian front parlour with no windows, and the cost was ridiculous $20 for a cooked breakfast and $16 for continental! $75 (inc. tax) for breakfast every day not really feasible for a family of four. There are lots of places along Columbus just a few minutes walk away were 2 teas, 2 juices, 4 pastries and a few pieces of fruit averaged around $24 the lot. The door man and concierge are quite amusing - tripping over each other to help with cases even when you don't want help. Had the opportunity to watch them in action for about half an hour whilst waiting for our airport shuttle - how moving a case 20 foot from the street to the desk and visa versa warrants the kind of tips they get is beyond me. We asked the concierge about theatre tickets for Mary Poppins, which provoked a sharp intake of breath and much talk about how difficult they were to get hold of. Eventually said he could get them for $118 each, so we phoned the theatre direct and got 4 good seats for the following night for $50 each!Overall a pretty average hotel which we probably wouldn't return to. On our last visit we stayed at the Holiday Inn Martinique on 34th St. Broadway, which again was nothing special but closer to the midtown action (just across from Macy's) and quieter suprisingly.	
Apr 1 2007 	Great location ruined by dirty room and unhelpful staff.	Lobby looks great, and rooms are smaller but the expected size for New York. Great location near the park, subway, Nat History Mus, and local shops and restaurants. But the room was filthy, the heating was terrible, constantly had to turn in on and off, open windows for fresh air, and the carpet had stains. Bed was supposed to be a queen size but was tiny. Rarely received a third towel when we requested one. Staff didn't seem too enthused to help or to do anything for that matter. Next time, I'll go back to the bigger chain type of hotels and not bother looking for a unique hotel with charm and personality because it's hit or miss. And the Excelsior was a miss.	
Mar 28 2007 	Pity about the staff	Just returned from a 6 day stay at this hotel. First the positives - the location is superb - right by Central Park and with a subway 2 minutes away. There are some great restaraunts nearby - Isabellas is fantastic and EJ's is great for breakfast and lunches. Peaceful (but not quiet) at night but what do you expect in New York! Rooms were a reasonable size and were kept clean every day. We had read some reviews about poor water pressure - we were on 10th floor and there was absolutely no problem apart from when we arrived there was no water and one morning there was no hot water. Both were fixed pretty quickly.We have to agree about the staff - they were more interested in chatting to themselves and not helping the guests. We have stayed in many hotels from 5 star to bed and breakfast's and found this the worst as far as staff attitude was concerned. It was as if we were an inconvienience rather than paying guests. And the most we ever asked was directions on the subway and advice on restaraunts. Such a pity that they let down this hotel.One word of warning - do NOT use any of the concierge services. We had the misfortune to book a car through them, on their advice, to get to Newark Airport. Thank goodness we left in good time as the driver got completely lost on the way to the airport - what should have been a 45 minute journey turned into an over 2 hour journey from hell!! No aircon in the car (a very warm March day) and a driverwho completely failed to grasp the need to get us to the airport on time. (and when we finally got there a few minutes before the gate closed - no apology) We have never been so stressed in our lives - it completely ruined the end of the holiday- never again will we use services such as this - you have been warned!!!Would we stay here again? If there was a change of staff definetely yes - however despite the location we prefer to be treated with some respect given what we were paying!!	
Mar 23 2007	Dirty and smelly	We had stayed at the Excelsior many times - primarily for the great location and reasonable price. This time...it WASN'T WORTH IT. Our room was dirty, the bathroom was dirty, the pillows were lumpy...and, worse, the whole place smelled! We had to throw open the windows each time we entered our room. And to top it off, the people at the front desk were RUDE. We will never stay at the Excelsior again.	
Mar 21 2007 	Superb Location	Just returned this morning after a 7 night stay and found it a lot better than last years stay when we stayed in Times SquareIt was so peacful as you stepped of the Metro onto 81st Street and the room was superb, Two double bed's for the two of us to share room cleaned everyday and fresh towels each day, Already sent e-mail about staying at this same place next year for another shopping trip to the Big Apple.No Tea making facilities in the room but i already knew this so took my travel kettle as i love my Englisg cup of tea in bed each morningA real 10/10 for this Hotel	
Mar 15 2007	Would return here tomorrow!!!	Just returned from New York with my partner. First time for us both and we loved it!! Sooooooooo pleased with our choice of hotel as the location was great (just off Central Park so not noisy at night) as well as being close to the subway and within easy walking distance of restaurants and shops. The hotel itself was very nicely decorated in a kind of chic French decor. Room and bathroom very clean and how do they keep their white towels so fluffy?! We had planned to go out for breakfast but ended up having the continental style breakfast in the hotel each morning as the selection was great and it was very good value. Would recommend this hotel to anyone and the whole trip was great value. Enjoy!!!	
Mar 6 2007	Pretty disappointing	My wife and I stayed at the Excelsior in December, 2006. It's in a beautiful part of Manhattan, near the park, convenient to the subway. That's the good news. We booked a standard room with a &quot;California queen&quot; bed. Such a bed is supposed to be 60&quot; wide and what we got was narrow enough that we had difficulty sleeping. My wife measured it and it was the width of a standard double bed. When we complained to the people at the front desk, they were pretty rude. Other interactions with the front desk were also about as unfriendly as I've ever encountered in what is supposed to be a nice hotel. It's too bad because the place is physically nice and well located, but the people running it are a real problem. I wouldn't stay there again and would absolutely not recommend it.	
Feb 20 2007 	Location was great but...	We booked a one bedroom suite with a dividing french door on the hotel web site for two nights because we were traveling with a baby. Upon check in we were shown a standard room, not a suite at all. We were &quot;upgraded&quot; to the suite when we refused the room. It sure felt like the hotel was pulling a fast one... The dividing door is clearly pictured on the web site. The suite with the divided door worked great for the baby, which was our priority. The tv in the bedroom had very poor reception, and the sofa needed to be recovered. The overall decor was dated. Bell and maid staff were nice enough. Great UWS location with convenient parking. Sarbeths and Good enough to Eat are good breakfast places. Would stay here again for the suite aspect, but there are much nicer places to stay for less if you don't care about the suite. If the suite is important to you, make sure you get what you paid for.	
Feb 18 2007	Lovely stay - highly recommended	We got married in New York in October 2006 and we choose to stay at the Excelsior hotel for our special occasion. The room was nice and clean with a wonderful view over the park. The reception staff was very serviceminded and helped us with great tips on restaurants and clubs. The breakfast may be a bit pricy but it was worth it since the chef was very nice and friendly. Just the sort of person that makes you feel good for the rest of the day. The location of the hotel was also really good, close to shops, restaurants and the central park, but still in a nice and quit area. A bit more interesting and much less tourists than down town.	
Jan 12 2007 	our first visit to N.Y.and the excelsior hotel and can only say that we will ...	It was our 30th wedding anniversary last year, and we decided to visit New York and then on with a trip to miami, It was a first for both of us to New York, and so of course to this Hotel, and the hotel ticked all the excellent boxes for both of us, the location was just right, with being just a gentle liesurely stroll down to times square and all the other major attractions, with central park very close by and an absolute pleasure to visit, we both found the Hotel staff extremely helpfull in all areas. I am sure when you visit any place on a first time basis, you may like me, try and visit by imagination, hotel, New York etc, but for any one who is undecided as to where to stay, wondering what its all going to be like etc, all we can say is its the best holiday desicion we have ever made. we never encountered any problems whatsoever, add this together with New York visit, and believe me you won't be dissapointed either, the people, the places, all we did was just fantastic, we were out the whole day every day, and visited the local irish bar less than 50 mtrs away from hotel every night we were there, we met and chatted with many local New Yorkers, it was all fantastic my only problem was......like all good things it has to end, but as each day passes we are one day closer to returning, (well thats how we look at it) and will most certainly be back to N.Y. and to the same hotel.It is the best expierience we ever had and will never forget.All the very best from us both, and look forward to seeing you soon.Colin &amp; Linda	
Dec 27 2006 	Great location great stay!	This hotel was excellent. We loved the upscale neighbourhood location, with fantastic city views. Walking distance to lots of great traditional NYC restaurants, delis, pizzerias and an easy cab ride to other locales near midtown.This was our first time in NYC and we were happy to have such a safe nice hotel to stay in. The room was a decent size and always kept very clean and orderly. The windows (which opened) provided fresh air and a lovely view of the park and city.We enjoyed walking in the area and the extreme proximity to the American Museum of Natural History in which we spent 6 hours exploring!Contrary to some reviews, we found the hotel staff to be friendly and helpful when we needed them. We did have a problem with our booking. I booked on Expedia and when I called to confirm the reservation with the hotel they showed us checking in a day earlier. Since at that time we would have paid a penalty for a no-show, I confirmed with Expedia (everything was fine on their end) and again with the hotel. I ended up speaking to a manager who confirmed it was an error on their part, and provided an email confirmation and apology about the mistake. Everything worked out fine in the end, but I do wonder what would have happened if I hadn't bothered to check with the hotel prior to check-in?Still, this was an absolutely great play to stay!	
Dec 3 2006	Great Experiance!!!	Great Hotel. Awesome room on the 10th floor overlooking the park, not huge but fine. The bed was very comfortable, the room clean and a nice white tiled bathroom accented with raised decorative tiles. Excellent location, 1/2 block off Central Park and a subway stop at the corner. The &quot;museum mile&quot; is a short walk across the park. Great value (for NYC!).	
Nov 23 2006 	great position will go back	loved the hotel, had a great room, 9 floor at the front overlooking the park, 2 double beds, the room was a good size, always kept very clean, and in a great position, 5 minutes walk to central park , subway at the end of the road, then 10 minutes to times sq, another subway line about 10 mins walk away, starbucks at the end of the road for breakfast, Irish pub around the corner. Location of this hotel was excellent, found it nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of times sq, and somewhere bit quieter to recharge batteries, (nice walking in the park) before starting again next day, hope to go back one day.will post some photos when get them sorted.	
Nov 21 2006 	Great location for second visit	My husband and I booked our first weekend away without the children. It is my second time in New York, his first. Great hotel, was a bit worried after reading the comments about the staff but found they were helpful and chatty. Rooms were fine, very clean, good maid service. It is in a great location, perfect to walk from the hustle and bustle of midtown shopping, through central park, and onto the hotel. A lovely fifteen minute walk giving you a chance to wind down. Great for the subway, just at the end of the street. Amsterdam street one street away with great bars and trendy restaurants. Try the Dead Poets Bar for some friendly chat and good company. Isabellas is a good restaurant, but book at the weekend. If you suffer with the time difference like me then this is a perfect location for a stroll into the main shopping on 5th and Times Square, set off about half seven and have coffee and breakfast on the way, window shopping on the way down (lovely little boutiques and gift shops), get to the main shops in time for opening. All in all a good hotel for a second stay when you feel confident finding your way around and want more than just shopping. The bars and restaurants surrounding were great.	
Nov 17 2006 	Loved the Excelsior and plan to stay there again.	I have been to NY many times, but have always stayed with family. However, since this trip was a graduation gift for my granddaughter, I wanted to stay in a hotel. This small property with a European feel, is right up my alley. I loved the residential feel of the neighborhood, and the proximity to transportion. The rooms are small, but ours had 2 big windows which kept it from feeling claustrophobic.	
Nov 5 2006 	Lovely relaxing hotel	Stayed at the Excelsior in October 2006. We wanted somewhere out of the hustle and bustle of NYC yet close enough to be able to walk into the madness and the Excelsior provided that. The room we stayed in (915) was medium size and very clean and comfortable. The staff were extremely helpful and pleasant and I could not say a bad word about the hotel. I would definately staff there again. We found a fantastic cafe a couple of blocks down on Broadway and 82nd called Cafe 82 which I would recommend. The area where the hotel is is lovely - National History Museum just opposite, Central Park 2 minutes walk away and subway also 2 mins walk away. Very convenient to everything, yet relaxing at the same time. Highly recommended!	
Oct 28 2006 	Great Place great neighbourhood	Stayed here recently for 2 nights. Booked rooms (# 1602, 1604 &amp; 1606) on top floor - all had great views of Nat. History Mus. and some skyline too.Rooms were small to medium with smallish but very clean bathrooms. Everything in it we needed, irn and board, safe, etc. No mini bar but we never use that anyways. Bottles of water were not complimentary cost about $3 each for decent size bottle. Windows open for air and views.If I had one critisism it would be the whole place was too hot and you couldn't control the room temps individually.Staff were fine, didn't need their services much but they were pleasant enough.Area is excellent - two streets over on Amsterdam is lined with bars and restaurants and an easy walk home. Subway on corner of 81st takes you most places easily.Can recommend highly - we got a good deal in UK from Purely America for about £70 per person.	
Oct 23 2006 	The Excelsior was good!	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Excelsior Hotel. It is a charming hotel in a charming neighborhood. The location across from the Natural History Museum is convenient as well as the subway stop one block away where I was able to get around quickly. My check-in was quick and uneventful. I was able to check in early. The room was quiet and in the back of the hotel and my view was the picturesque terraces of Upper West Siders. The pretty tiled bathroom was great, the closet space was large and the bed was comfortable. I don't understand why the bad reviews. I stayed two nights and wanted to stay more. Lunch at the Ocean Grill (try the scallops!) was great! Try it!	
Oct 22 2006	Lovely hotel excellent position	I have just returned from a short holiday in New York. It was my second stay in the city but my first at the Excelsior. I was alittle apprehensive after reading other visitor's reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. We arrived before 4pm and the receptionist was extremely courteous. He advised us that we had been upgraded to a park view room with no extra charge. We had a spacious twin room with 2 double beds. The subway was 1 block away and so no problem getting downtown. After shopping all day it was a relief to get back to a beautiful neighbourhood. I stayed with my daughter and never once felt uneasy about walking in the area at night.There are many great restaurants in the area within walking distance, Isabella's is fantastic!Excellent location. Clean hotel. I would recommend this hotel!	
Oct 11 2006	Beware the Excelsior	Beware of the Excelsior Hotel in New York! Other readers' reviews about their lousy service is straight to the point. I needed to cancel my reservation because of a change in plans. I called the reservations department in plenty of time to cancel, and was told that since I booked the room on the hotel's website, the only way I could cancel my reservation was through the website. (Every other hotel reservation I've ever made has never had such a silly policy.) The reservations agent refused to cancel my reservation. I told her that I couldn't cancel my reservation online because didn't have a password for the website, never had a password for the website, and none of the emails from the hotel would go through my spamblocker, so it was impossible for me to obtain a password in order to retrieve the reservation. The reservations agent argued and argued with me, asking how did I make the reservation in the first place. Finally, I asked her &quot;are you refusing to cancel my reservation?&quot; After all that arguing and grief, she finally grudgingly said she would. If you ever deal with this agent, beware. She said her name is &quot;Daisy.&quot; Now, I'll just have to double check my credit card statement to make sure the hotel doesn't charge me. Also, when I called the hotel operator, they kept hanging up on me. I originally booked the Excelsior based on a friend's recommendation, but will never stay there again. I don't advise that you do, either.	
Oct 9 2006	Love the City not the Hotel	One bedroom suite was comfortable and clean. I found only one front desk staff to be helpful and friendly. Bellmen and doormen are very friendly and helpful!!! Concierge / giftshop clerk was there occasionally . Beware when ordering show tickets!! You will pay a hefty fee for popular shows. When we picked up tickets at the theatre box office the face value was $110.00 per ticket and we had been charged $170.00 per ticket . We were not told of the $60.00 per ticket charge and when we asked the General Manager about it the next day he told us that is the brokers fee and referred us back the Concierge.We stayed for eight nights and were able to get one coke out of the pop machines on the first night and none after that. Both machines were basicly empty of all products for the full time. No interest in staff to follow up on this. The morning of checkout packed left few things on bed and dresser and went out with friends for breakfast. Returned at 10:15 to find housekeeping in the room cleaning and moved items from the bed to the floor. Check out time 12 noon. Went down to front desk to express my concern and was told they could do nothing but if I wanted they would connect me with housekeeping. Love the location of Hotel but would not stay again and could not reccommend it. Pricey for basically no service!!!!	
Oct 9 2006	Loved this hotel	I loved this hotel. It was very clean, I even had a balcony off of my room so pretty. I would recommend this hotel very highly.Try Big Nicks for breakfast not too far away good food good prices.	
Oct 4 2006 	just ok	Arriving around 3 PM due to bad weather, we found the room not ready ( check in is 4PM), the front desk person was not particularly helpful. We checked our luggage and needed to retrieve it that night. People at the front desk were extremely neutral - as though they were working on national security problems and really could not be friendly.The room was small, well appointed with a nice but small bathroom and good lighting.The internet service was an inexpensive extra - confirming unfortunately you get what you pay for. It was advertised as high speed but I think dial up would have been faster. When I called the internet provider for assistance I was told there was something wrong with my laptop. Upon returning home and using my wireless network, the connection was its usual quick self.I like the location and smaller size of the Excelsior but this will be my last stay there. They just aren't welcoming. I have stayed at the Excelsior several times in the past. The coldness of the staff ( they should have welcomed a repeat customer) and the poor internet service which has been spotty in the past will cause me to take my business elsewhere	
Oct 1 2006 	Good for the second timers	Excelsior is a hotel with a little bit more character than your average NYC experience. Upper West Side is a really nice part of Manhattan, slightly away from the buzz but still with plenty of nice restaurants, bars and pubs. I was fortunate enough to be experiencing the annual Columbus Avenue street market. Surprisingly enough, after reading some of the reviews, I didn't find staff rude or unhelpful at all.This is not really a hotel for your first holiday in New York. Excelsior is rather far away from the action of Times Square. Being a third timer, Belvedere remains my favourite hotel but is unfortunately a lot less affordable than it used to be.For second timers and perhaps for some more mature travellers Excelsior could be a perfect choice.	
Sep 14 2006 	OK - but staff not very customer friendly	What is it with this hotel. Rooms are adequate size and clean and in a quiet location although our room was overlooking the Museum and you can hear the horns of cars day and night. Enough of the adequate for the hotel but I read many reviews of the hotel before I checked in and there is definately a consensus of staff being unfriendly and our visit confimed this. The young lady who checked us in is the exception but all the others really seem to have a problem dealing with customers. (Hey is'nt this their job). They seem to be efficient enough but in a manner which is often abrupt and sometimes rude. The tall middle aged reception guy in particular needs to go to charm school because he is bordering insulting and someone I have read before about and others guests whilst in our stay had the same reaction.	
Sep 12 2006	I've stayed again and again!	I travel to New York on business almost twice a month and would definitely recommend the Excelsior. The lobby is beautiful in a &quot;old world&quot; style and even a cabbie from LaGuardia commented that this was a gem during the drive in. The rooms, although not huge, are clean which means the world to me. Views are awesome overlooking the AMNH and the Upper West Side.Location is perfect of course with a zillion restaurants and shops nearby.Yes, reception may not greet you with a big fake HoJo smile but they're efficient and even remember me each time I've been back. My only complaint is that next week I have to go back to NYC and they're fully booked which left me scrambling as it's become my defacto place to stay when in town.	
Aug 4 2006 	An 'OK' hotel	The hotel was OK. That's about as far as it goes. The rooms are quite old fashioned. The air con only worked for half of the room and the bath took almost 20 minutes to run due to VERY low water pressure. Having said that, the location is ideal for a Manhattan hotel. The subway is about 200 yards walk and buses stop on the street outside. The staff were friendly enough although nothing was done about the complaints we registered.	
Jul 11 2006	Loved the Excelsior Hotel	We stayed here for four nights at the end of June, beginning of July. We had a room on the 8th floor and it was nice and quite, and spacious for NYC standards. The lobby was beautiful and the staff was helpful and friendly. The best thing for us was the location. The street it is on is beautiful, and tree lined. The entire upper west side was a really nice area to stay in and wander around. The hotel was a 5 min walk to the subway (if that) and right near the park and history museum. I only wish the rooms had a coffee maker/tea maker, but other than that it was great.I would stay here again in a second.	
Jul 9 2006	Delightful little gem	We had a one-night stay at the Excelsior because it was a convenient location and found it a delightul experience. The room was small, but highly serviceable with every ammenity provided, clean and comfortable. The staff was accommodating. We had a bonus in the lovely view of the park adjacent to the Natual History Museum. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 7 2006	Front Desk Unfriendly	I have stayed at the Excelsior Hotel many times and always found the front desk staff to be unfriendly and uninviting...I have even written to the manager without a reply.Many at the desk should move on because simple courtesies are lacking.These folks could take polite lessons from the hotel's excellent roadside porters...they are the very best in NewYork.From the time you arrive to the time you depart they are Sterling at what they do.They deserve generous tips and are the best Ambassadors for the Hotel and this great cityI stay at the Excelsior because I Love its Upper West Side location ..The rooms are a good size for NewYork, kept clean by good housekeeping, however the room maintenance is not good.My bathroom had mould around the tub in the caulking. (easily cleaned and replaced)There is very little water pressure in this hotel...Theres nothing worse than arriving at a hotel after a long trip only to turn on the water to a trickle....the toilet seat was bent and crooked ...again easily replaced.Some rooms have very noisy air conditioning. Some have older models in the windows..ask about this otherwise you will never get a good nights rest.The Excelsior needs to prove itself before I return...however I'm doubful because there is an attitude of I couldn't care less at the front desk.	
Jul 6 2006	Second Time Surprise	I had stayed at the Excelsior in June 2004 and have stayed at the Lucerne since (5 visits) - but I decided to give the Excelsior a try again, mainly because they were much more affordable than the Lucerne for the days of my visit.Upon checking in I was given a room with a view. I hadn't paid the additional charge for a view of the museum so I was pleasantly surprised. The view was breathtaking. Two very large windows overlooking the museum and park. The staff is still the same. Not particularly unfriendly, but not helpful. The Lucerne's staff is much better to deal with. The only person who was especially helpful was the young woman behind the desk when I arrived. After that, the staff weren't nearly as nice. If you know your way around the city and you aren't looking for friendly faces, the Excelsior is a good buy.	
Jul 5 2006	overpriced with serious problems	Having lived as a child only two blocks from this hotel and knowing the neighborhood and overall location quite well, I had expected far better during our five-night stay mid-June, 2006.Check-in was not pleasant due to a testy young lady who lacked any smile, friendliness or warmth at check-in and then called us in the room to demand that we return our luggage cart, which she claimed was their only cart, immediately. I explained to her that the bellman had used it to store our luggage while I parked across the street and that it was he who had taken the cart to our room - and was standing right there. He said to me, &quot;what's she talking about? we have six carts!&quot;After finally locating the World Smallest Closet - actually a tiny broom closet with a single one-foot bar that faces forward so you could only see the last item of clothing on the rack, and that only after removing the ironing board from it so it was possible to put anything at all on the rack - I called and asked for another room. The same desk person said &quot;they're all like that&quot; and if we wanted a better room we would have to get a suite for an additional $120 or so per night over the $239 we were already paying. We asked if they had a rack or wardrobe or anything at all that my wife and I could use to hang clothes; she said she'd check with housekeeping and get back to us. She never did. And I was in town for a convention and needed room for clothes, as did my wife.The room was actually a one-person room with a &quot;queen sized bed&quot; that was more akin to a double bed. No room in the bathroom to put out things, bathroom exhaust fan never worked, the air conditioner knobs went around and around but when we finally maximized what it was doing in the 90 degree heat outside, it never got the room cool enough.Yes, the location is very nice although we had to walk four blocks up Columbus for a decent breakfast. Why pay $16 or so for a continental breakfast at the hotel (they've got to be kidding!) and five bucks more for a fuller breakfast when you can get decent food in the area for perhaps $4 or $5.Also on a positive note, the fellows handling cars, entrance and exit were superb. They got me cabs very quickly and they really went the extra mile to do what they could to be helpful. And of course the view from the front is lovely, you're half a block from the park and from a train station, and if you know the great neighborhood restaurants around Columbus and Amsterdam Avenues, you're all set. Too bad the hotel has such poor amenities, high prices, and some indifferent staff.When I mentioned this to associates from out of town they all said &quot;that's New York!&quot; As a native New Yorker, I'm used to value for my money. I don't stay in midtown or anywhere near Times Square and tourist land, but perhaps the crush of visitors to the city allows joints like the Excelsior (our state motto, no less!) to charge what they do, and give very little in return.	
Jun 28 2006	A week stay at the Excelsior	I recently spent 6 nights at the Excelsior, yes the room was clean, and perhaps a bit larger than many hotel rooms for the same price in New York City. The staff is efficient and gets the job done. I was disappointed that even though I had booked 6 nights, I was given a room in the front of the hotel that was so loud due to the street traffic that I could hardly sleep. Bring earplugs. I asked to be changed to another room the 3rd night in and the staff accomodated me with no problem. I think hotels should give their longer staying guests the best rooms available. ...not only quiet rooms but rooms with a window in the bathroom (which the first room did not have, but the second one did)......also, beware of the gentlemen downstairs who is the transportation concierge, he sold me the private car to the airport by warning me that cab fares had gone up and even though prices are fixed on the way in, they &quot;get you on the way out.&quot; I have since learned that this is utter nonsense and probably spent $20.00 or more than I needed to get back to the airport. My husband, who left earlier than I did asked about taking the subway to the airport and the staff looked at him like he was crazy.. and said it would take several hours to get their by subway. He did it anyway, saved a bundle and made it to the airport with time to spare....(don't do this if you have lots of luggage!).	
Jun 24 2006	letter to hotel management	The letter I wrote the manager of the Hotel Excelsior in NYC:Dear Mr. Weiner,I have just returned from a one night stay at the Hotel Excelsior, and I believe that you have a hidden gem. My friend and I were treated so nicely by your staff, and our room was beautiful.When we had a problem with our air conditioning, we called down. By the time we returned from dinner, the air was fine. The room was large, the amenities were super-even the razor and mini shaving cream , not to mention the toothbrush- and the shower pressure was perfect.The location is great for museum affcionados or for people with small children who need access to the park. Also , all the doormen lining the street make you feel safe no matter what time of night you arrive.I do have to say that the decorating in the lobby belies the modernity of the rooms. When are you addressing that?  My greatest fear is that you are just waiting to turn the hotel into million dollar apartments. Say it isn't so.	
Jun 6 2006	AMNH Package	My son and I spent a weekend in New York City to visit the American Museum of Natural History. Our stay at the Excelcior definitely enhanced the trip. The room, while not huge, was adequately sized, very comfortable and clean. The staff were polite and helpful. The location was excellent -- literally across the street from the AMNH. In fact, one of the best features of the Hotel was the package deal available through its website for tickets to the AMNH that went with the room. Overall, a very good value (particularly for New York City) and a pleasant stay.	
May 8 2006	A good place to stay	Stayed at the Excelsior for 4 nights at the end of April. Rooms was spacious and very clean, as was the bathroom. We were at the back of the hotel (so no park view), but being on the 16th floor meant we had a good view of the Upper West Side. The subway is at the end of the street, so you can get pretty much anywhere relatively quickly, and a stroll through Central Park brings you out brings you right into prime shopping territory. Madison and Fifth Avenue!A guest we chatted to in the lift advised against going for breakfast, sayinig it was expensive for what it was, but there are plenty of nice restaurants nearby (try Isabellas for breakfast).I can totally understand peoples views on the staff. The receptionist was less than welcoming! Service with a smile it certainly wasn't! Although to his credit, he did sort out an issue with our room type straight away (we were given a double rather than a twin).All in all, a good hotel in a good location. If you want somewhere away from the hustle and bustle of the city, I'm recommend it!	
May 1 2006	Will stay here again	My wife and I stayed at the Excelsior for three days in late April. I chose the hotel because of its location. It’s across the street from the Natural History Museum. The Metropolitan Museum of Art is a very pleasant 10 minute walk across Central Park. Lincoln Center is a 20 minute walk. There’s a subway stop at the corner which we used to get to Times Square and lower Manhattan.We had a “Park View” room that had a great view of the park across the street and the Natural History Museum just beyond. The room was tiny but it and the bathroom were spotless. I thought the room was a very good value.This is a residential neighborhood. There are plenty of nearby restaurants in a variety of price ranges. There’s a Starbucks just around the corner. The Excelsior is a low-service hotel, best if you know what you’re doing and where you’re going in New York. The “concierge” is the guy behind the news stand counter who was stumped when I asked if there was a store around where I could by a belly-pack. The staff is there when you want them and not underfoot when you don’t.Some minor complaints: The clerk at check-in was curt to the point of grumpiness. No smile, “please” or “thank you.” The TV channel line-up is missing Fox News, but this is the Upper West Side; maybe it’s illegal!	
Apr 26 2006	Enjoyed Excelsior good Upper Westside Location	My teen daughter and I stayed here for a few days over Easter vacation and enjoyed the comfort and elegance of the Excelsior on W. 81st St., one block from Central Park, near the Museum of Natural History in a lovely neighborhood. The hotel is extremely clean and pleasant, and the location is quiet enough for a good rest at the end of a busy day of sightseeing and shopping. The standard rooms are on the small side, but adequate, and the bathrooms are lovely too, with flowered tile trim. We enjoyed the breakfast in the wood-paneled library, although it was expensive---$14.50 for continental and $18.50 for a full breakfast; both are buffets which are restocked constantly. (Note that several cafes are nearby on Columbus Ave. serving breakfast at better prices). Service was courteous and prompt. Two subway stops are nearby, as are several nice restaurants. Although expensive, $243 for the two of us, the Excelsior was a good value for accomodations, service, and a great location. I will stay there again if my usual Marriott Courtyards are not available.	
Apr 18 2006	Excellent Hotel	I stayed here with a friend for 5 nights. I can't recommend it highly enough. The location is superb, just a couple of mins walk from Central Park, and Nat History Museum. Also only a couple of mins from the Subway. The room was lovely, 2 really comfy double beds, nice decor, heating / air con was excellent. lots of cupboard / drawer space. Bathroom was of a good size, and had loads of fluffy white towels. We had a room on 15th floor at rear of hotel, overlooking the Upper West Side. Thr room was exceptionally clean.The staff were all pleasant and more than helpful, can't understand the previous reviews. Check in and check out was quick and easy.Would definately stay here again.	
Mar 29 2006	Excellent Hotel Great service!!!!!!!!	Well worth spending the extra money on this hotel! Great service, clean, great location near Museum of Natural History!!!!!......A++ recommended. Bathrooms are beautiful, water pressure in shower is a BIT under what it should be but that is the way NYC is usually. Right near the B and D subway stops not even a block away....some spots in the city call for walking quite a way to get to a subway stop! NOT this one!Go for this you wont regret it.	
Mar 20 2006	Very Nice	Came in NYC to see the St. Partick's Day Parade. Two younger children, wife and self. Found the Excelsior to be an excellent bargain and very clean. Booked the suite. Kids slept on rollout, with no camplaints and played video games. The bed was VERY comfortable and the down comfortor on the bed very warm. Room came with robes, and again extremely clean. Had dinner and a guiness around the corner at O'Brien's nice little pub. Breakfast a little pricey but was very good. I would recommend the Excelsior. Right across from Central park a nice walk to the MET, which is directly across the park and the Museum of Natural Science is right across the street.	
Mar 8 2006	Good hotel a bit over priced	I have just returned from 3 days in NY staying at the a week at the Excelsior Hotel. My first time in NY and I think I found a great place to stay. The location is excelent, not in mid town, but 2 subway lines just minutes away.The room was very nice and clean, the daily cleaning was perfect and I has a great time.Well, as expected not everything was perfect first the staff could be more feindly, seemed like it was painfull for them to give an answer for any of my question. The second problem was the price, NY is not cheap but still a bit over priced taking into account that I has to add about 25$ a day tax.Overall I would say if the price is no problem go there good location good room. Enjoy.	
Feb 5 2006	Great.	Lovely hotel, quiet location and near some good restaurants, bars and starbucks. Lovely walks through central park to attractions and very close to subway station.Complimentary Danish and coffee in reception each morning and friendly staff.Lovely comfortable beds and good air-con.I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 4 2006	no complaints	we stayed here for 4 night at end of year til 1-1-06 and enjoyed the hotels room, bath , location, staff and all.for the price and location and seeing from our room the new years fireworks up close was a treat. ten dollars extra for a refrig but worth it for keeping champagne cold and having breakfast items available without running out for breakfast.	
Jan 4 2006	Excellent...definitly will be back!	I loved this hotel! From the spotless bathroom to the comfy bed this hotel was clean, quiet and hospitable. The location is wonderful... there are restaurants everywhere and the close proximity to Central Park, The Museum of Natural History and the subways are a bonus. Not enough can be said about staying on the Upper West Side except....&quot;You don't know what you're missing!&quot;	
Dec 27 2005	Good Experience At Excelsior	We were concerned about reviews on this site that said staff was bad. Happily, that was not our experience at all. We found the staff to be courteous, professional, and helpful. Our room was typically NYC small, but large enough for two people for a few days. It was nicely decorated, had a large bathroom, and was immaculately clean. I would recommend asking for a room away from 81st St if you are a light sleeper as there is unavoidable noise from that street - lovely views, though. The location is excellent, being across the street from the Museum of Natural History and a park and 1/2 a block from the subway which will take you to Midtown in about 5 minutes. Would definitely return.	
Dec 18 2005	The Excelsior used to be our favorite hotel in NYC	The Excelsior was our favorite hotel in NYC. We stayed in September on our way to London with two teenagers.The staff was snotty and unhelpful. We were delayed for 7 hours on our trip from the West Coast and a friendly person would have been nice. The bathroom was not clean, it felt like someone had used it after it had been cleaned. This is a great location and with a staff that was friendly it would still be our favorite hotel. Maybe they have so many people that want to stay, that they don't have to be helpful and accommodating. We stayed at the Marriott Financial District on our way back from England and the service was excellent. I don't think we will go back to the Excelsior when there are so many wonderful hotels in New York City.	
Dec 12 2005	great location	This hotel was in a great location, opposite the Natural History Museum and Central Park was just at the end of the street. The room was clean and of good size. The staff were friendly and helpful, although the doorman were not of any help until we were leaving and there was the opportunity for a tip for putting the bags on the shuttle bus. There are some great places to eat near buy. Uno's on the corner serves great pizza and fajitas and over on Amsterdam the next street along between 83rd and 84th is a place called good enough to eat and it certainly was. The rooms are cleaned daily. My only problem was that the rooms were incredibly warm and we needed our windows open all night to get some air in, but we survived. There is a starbucks on the corner which is great after a long day shopping and sightseeing. I would come to this hotel again as it provided everything that we needed, a warm bed a clean room and a location that was well situated for the subway and many great places to eat out.	
Dec 6 2005	Treated like Royalty	The hotel staff looked after us well. We arrived as a party of 14 people and although it was late our cases were unloaded from our bus and taken straight to our rooms. Check in was easy.The rooms were all clean and tidy at the time of check in and were cleaned daily.The location of the hotel was perfect and in an ideal position for sightseeing and getting around.All in all a perfect trip.	
Nov 28 2005	Horrible haughty staff and no on site manager to keep them in line	While I've stayed at the Excelsior Hotel in the past it is going down staff wise and way up price wise. I received no greeting from the desk staff ( just cold stares and &quot;you're room isn't ready. Come back at 2:00&quot;). When I asked for help with the luggage the woman pointed to the right of her desk. There was no one there. We had just gone through hurricane Wilma and were in no shape to deal with heavy luggage. My husband was double parked outside. Other prospective patrons came to check in. They were also told to return at 2:00 and when the bellman finally came they were helped with luggage; we weren't. We had to carry our suitcases from the street and down their staircase to the storage closet. When we returned at 2:00 after a cold hour of walking ( we had arrived from Fort Lauderdale and although we had warm coats the winds still chilled us miserably) we were then told to come back at 4:00 p.m. by another clerk. We had already called 2 times prior to our arrival including that morning to strongly request an early check in as we had an affair to attend to and needed to be there early for photos. upset by having to spend another 2 hours to wait either in their little library or walking the street I made the mistake of challenging their competence and sensitivity. My reservation was cancelled and we had to leave. No manager was available. This hotel used to have nice staff and be reasonably priced. It is no longer. I would never recommend it and plan to file a complaint with the bureau of consumer affairs and the better business bureau.	
Nov 26 2005	PERFECT!	this hotel was great! it was in a perfect location across the street from central park, walking distance from the MET and close to a neat area with cool restaurantsthe rooms were a bit tiny but very nicely furnishedi definitely would recommend this hotel!	
Nov 15 2005	Good hotel in great neighborhood	2 girls on a fun long weekend in the City. Have stayed in various other locations in NYC but never on upper west side. I really loved this location and the value of the 2 bedroom suite. I would stay again for the quietness of the location, the convenience of subway, restaurants, shops and value. A real find in NYC. Only objection was that there wasn't a refrigerator or coffee maker in room but deli was across the street and plenty of starbucks close by and great little bakeries, etc. We each had our own room and bathroom and could gather in the parlor together. One room (room without parlor) was a standard queen room with large new bathroom and had a great view of the park and neighborhood. The other room had king bed with French door leading to the parlor. Clearly this was the nicer room but who cared. The two rooms each had their own key and were connected by a hallway. There was a door at the end of the hallway that also locked so we could leave our separate doors open if we wanted. Thought the extended continental break. was high ($14) so we went out for coffee and bought our fruit at local markets.	
Nov 1 2005	Enjoyed staying at the Excelsior	Stayed here for three nights in October. The room in general was fine -- reasonably quiet, recently redecorated, attractive, good size -- although the bathroom was tiny (as are bathrooms in most of the older NYC hotels). And the view was impressive, although when the website says &quot;park view&quot; they don't mean Central Park, they mean the park behind the Museum of Natural History. Sneaky. But you also get a view of the 59th Street skyline, which was lovely.The location of the hotel was great for us. I was travelling with two older adults who had never been to NYC before, and I thought they might find the midtown area too frenetic. The Excelsior was perfect -- in a quieter area, but also convenient -- a block from Central Park, within walking distance of the museums on 5th Ave and the Lincoln Center, and close to some great restaurants. It would probably also be a good choice for a family with children. The service seemed perfectly OK to me. There was always someone outside to call a cab (we never waited longer than a couple of minutes), the doorman assisted us without being asked, and the housekeeping staff were discreet and efficient. We had a problem with the cable TV that was resolved instantly. The front desk staff weren't over friendly, but they were quick and got things right. In response to some of the comments on this site, I would say that the staff were just very low key. So if you typically need or expect a lot of assistance from hotel staff, you might not like the Excelsior. (Try the Lucerne instead, which gets rave reviews for service.)	
Oct 30 2005	Lovely room but....	Good location, above average sized room, comfortable, clean, and well equipped. Unhelpful concierge and door staff. The doorman would stand by the door and fail to help anyone entering or leaving. The concierge - who also runs the small gift shop was so unhelpful on the one occasion he was asked about bus routes, that we never asked him anything again.Apart from that we would stay again if our usual hotel, about a block away was full.	
Oct 25 2005	Fabulous Location!	This was our first trip to New York with our best friends, both of us celebrating our 30 year anniversaries. We did a lot of research and after much deliberating, decided to stay on the Upper West Side rather than Mid-town. We were so happy with that decision. If you like a neighborhood feel, with families walking their dogs, great restaurants and shops, and a much quieter area than Time Square, then this is the place. We really didn't want to spend a fortune on a hotel room that we would barely be in, since we knew we were going to do a lot of sightseeing each day. Our rooms were small but very clean. We had a horrible view of rooftops, but we really never spent much time in the room, so that was tolerable. We actually laughed at it. The hotel staff seems to go out of their way to ignore you. They weren't overtly rude, just wouldn't put themselves out. This seems to be the theme. We thought it interesting that the doorman wouldn't say good morning or open the door. Was he expecting a tip? All in all, we thought the Excelsior was a good value and were glad we stayed in that area. Great restaurants within walking distance, especially Monsoons, Vietnamese and the Columbus Bakery..yum..great for breakfast and you must get the chocolate cookies! For half the price of the Marriott or others, this place is a good choice.	
Oct 24 2005	Accurate Reviews	We stayed at The Excelsior from Sept. 24 - 30th and much of what we read on Trip Advisor was accurate. The hotel had a great location and was very clean. The front desk staff was not friendly or helpful at all, we never saw the concierge and the man working the incredibly small convenience store was always on the phone with personal calls and never made eye contact the entire time we struggled through the small space.The breakfast was very expensive, so we went around the corner to various coffee shops and deli stores. Stay here for the clean rooms, proximaty to Central Park, the subway, the American Museum of Natural History and The Dakota.	
Oct 20 2005	Front Dest Just Say No	This hotel really has so much going for it with one huge problem. The location is great, one bedroom suites are wonderful and the price is right! But do not, do not expect the staff to make for a pleasant visit. On our recent stay, the concierge forgot the flowers ordered well in advance, the front desk could not find a hotel umbrella to lend until we offered to buy one and which could not be returned. I do recommend this hotel with one caveat, do not stay here if a rude, unhelpful staff will ruin your visit.	
Oct 14 2005	Good value but not memorable	We stayed at the Excelsior with our three children, planning to see a show and visit the museum. The hotel is near the subway and the neighborhood is quiet but interesting. The hotel has rooms that will accommodate 5, which is rare in New York City and that contributes to the value. Instead of two rooms at another hotel, we could book just one here. (It was actually called a &quot;junior suite, meaning it had a bedroom and living room.)That said, the room we had was TINY. We were stepping over eachother and suitcases the entire time. The little living area with sofabed was the size of a large walk-in closet. One child slept on the floor and could barely stretch out fully. The bathroom was also tiny. We had no view at all and no balcony. The furniture was mismatched and old. Nothing was broken, but we felt like we were staying in our grandparent's guest bedroom. Cozy but not updated. The hotel staff was not rude but not friendly either. One day, there was such a long line at the front desk that we ended up asking for directions at a coffee shop down the street. Frankly, for the price I didn't really expect any more than this. Overall, the hotel was clean and felt safe. If you have more than four in your group, or are staying for just one or two nights, the Excelsior is fine. I prefer staying on the upper west side to midtown, but I might try somewhere else the next time we go to the city.	
Sep 19 2005	The People That Liked This Hotel Have A Low Standard	I made a reservation, over the Labor Day weekend, for a suite with a view of the the Museum and got a suite in the back overlooking roof tops. The front desk never satisfied my inquiries of whether of we were paying for the view we had requested. Worse yet, the staff, and I mean all of them, couldn't be more rude if they tired. The concierge, if you could call him that, turned his back on me while I was requesting theater tickets and answered the phone and carried on a conversation. No excuse me - no politeness at all.The pillows in our room were some hard form rubber brand. The newspapers are delivered during the weekdays but not on the weekends. I travel to NYC 3-4 times and I don't think you could find a hotel impertinent staff in all of NYC. If you want to stay of the west side go down the street to the Lucerne.	
Aug 8 2005	Wowza! Absolutely Perfect!	I stayed here the weekend of August 5-7 2005. It is located in a great neighborhood on the Upper West Side. Its very quiet and family/couple oriented, but a few blocks up there is also a great night life.We had a standard room that was large in size with a big balcony that had a nice view. There were lounge chairs so I could sit and enjoy the sun rise. Even the bed was ultra comfortable, it felt as good as my own!The staff was great and very helpful, it was a lot more than i expected for the price we paid. I will definitely stay there again. We thought of staying in Mid-town or downtown but i'm glad we didn't it was too crowded with tourists. Staying here you get to experience a different side of New York than what you would get if you stayed in Mid-town or other areas. I highly recommend this hotel if you want a great experience in New York!	
Aug 4 2005	Enjoyable Stay	I stayed at the Excelsior from July 30-Aug.3. I have been in NYC a number of times, but have stayed at luxury hotels. I wanted to stay on the Upper West Side with a less expensive rate. Since I know the city I knew I would not have much contact with the desk staff. I got the American Museum package through the hotel's online site ($180 a night, includes a free buffet breakfast and admission to the Americam Museum of Natural History with a space show). The museum is fantastic, I highly recommend taking a free highlights tour first. The buffet was not much, I'm glad it was free for me. My room was very nice and clean. I was on the sixth floor. I could hear the traffic, but it didn't bother me. Air conditioning worked well. On my last two nights there were a group of younger adults who did wake me. The walls are not very soundproof. As for the desk staff they were polite, but not friendly. I had to remind them that I had the museum package. I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially to people who already know the city.	
Jul 30 2005	Highly Recommended!	We stayed in the Excelsior Hotel in New York from July 20-22, 2005. This was our first time staying at the Excelsior--we will definitely stay there in the future. We paid $175 per night plus tax (came to a little over $200 per night with everything) for two people (queen bed)--booked the room through Orbitz. We felt like this was a reasonable price for the quality of the room (in New York). We were very pleased with the condition of the room (especially the bathroom)--extraordinarily clean!, and the decor was very pleasant as well. The room was not especially large but was not cramped or uncomfortably small--the hotel rooms I have had in New York over the years tend to be on the smaller side, so I have come to expect this. The weather was extremely hot when we were in NY, and thank goodness, the AC in the room worked very well. The bed was quite comfortable. I was concerned about how the staff would be at the hotel after reading other reviews here, but they were basically fine--not especially friendly, but they were certainly professional--we had no problems with them or with our room. The breakfast options at the hotel were expensive, so we ate breakfast at the Manhattan Diner over on Broadway (on 76th, I think)--it is excellent and very reasonably priced. There are many very good and reasonable restaurants within just a few blocks of the hotel, another added bonus. Wireless internet access in the hotel is available for a fee (we paid $25 for three days of access, which seemed okay)--it worked perfectly. The location (West 81st Street near Columbus Avenue) is very convenient to Upper West Side attractions, including the Museum of Natural History (across the street from the hotel), and also Central Park, which is also right there. We were not bothered by traffic (or other) noise in our room. Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed staying at the Excelsior, and we highly recommend it!	
Jul 25 2005	Uncaring desk staff	I have stayed at the Excelsior before, with no problems, but this time my niece and I arrived to be told that there were no non-smoking rooms to be had. Having made reservations 6 weeks previously, I felt that my request should have been honored, and said so, but the desk staff looked at me blankly and told me that these things could not be guaranteed. I asked them to call the manager, but she was not in. When I went to see the room, I was told that the carpeting had just been replaced, so the odor was lessened, but we found that actually, after one day, the odor had increased. And the window airconditioner was extremely noisy and way less than adequate. I felt as though we were invisible, and will think long and hard before I go back to the Excelsior.	
Jun 18 2005	Location location location!	If you'd like to be just a stone's throw from Central Park, try the Excelsior.The price is below average for NYC and the hotel is above average, so it is certainly worth a stay. Rooms are large and attractive, with small but tiled &amp; clean bathrooms. Walk to the Fairway for a real New Yorkers breakfast hidden on second floor. Stroll through Central Park. The Museum of Natural History is across the street and a lovely little NYC Historical Society is just 2 blocks away. The upper west side is true NYC, with row houses , people walking their dogs [all with baggies, of course], nannies with little ones, and a Starbucks on every corner!	
Jun 9 2005	Good hotel rude staff	We've stayed at the Excelsior three times. We love the Upper West Side, and this hotel is well priced for the area. The rooms are clean and comfortable--more room than other hotels at this rate. The only downside is the utter rudeness of staff (except the doorman, who is always great). I've written to the hotel's general manager about our concerns, but never received a reply. But, if you don't mind your stay with a heavy dose of snootiness (and I don't generally find New Yorkers rude), the Excelsior is a good bet.	
Jun 1 2005	Good choice great neighborhood	We stayed at the The Excelsior over New Year's, and all in all I found it to be good choice. (In truth we ended up at the Excelsior because I made my plans late in the game, and the only NY hotels not booked at this busy time were in the mega-expensive category.) The wood pannelled hotel lobby was very attractive, with a classic New York feel. The room was on the small side, as you generally find in older hotels, but perfectly adequate and immaculate. The view, looking over the Museum of Natural history (with a small slice of Central Park to the side) was lovely. As this section of the Upper West Side is nearly all brownstones you can see for a quite a distance towards midtown. I am puzzled by reviews citing an uncooperative or unfriendly staff. When I made the reservation and requested a high floor in the front I was politely told that they could not make any guarantees. But at check-in they had my request in the computer and were happy to able to comply. Best of all, I think that The Excelsior is located in a much more interesting neighborhood then midtown, where most hotels are clustered. There's a diverse assortment of restaurants, bars, and smaller shops, Central Park's a block away, and it's primarily a residential neighborhood, so you are not surrounded by other tourists - or in an area that's full of businessmen by day but largely deserted at night. And why would people complain about the high-priced hotel breakfast when there are half a dozen good breakfast places within a couple of blocks?	
Jun 1 2005	Fantastic hotel! reasonable price great location!	Fantastic Location! Clean rooms, beautiful decor, and friendly staff. This hotel was so reasonably priced, we thought it might be sub-par. On the contrary, it was fantastic! Right near the Natural History Museum and Central park Try the Columbus Street bakery, down the street and to the right for breakfast.	
May 28 2005	Upper West Side gem	Wow, was I pleased with this hotel. We were hard pressed to find something in New York under $300 a night because many colleges had their graduations the same weekend we were staying. We got our room for $239 a night (queen bed) and were very happy to get that rate. [As a comparison, the less than stellar Hotel Penn was going for $199.] The room was very clean and nicely furnished. It was small by national standards, but average sized for New York. The equipment in the gym was kept up and the continental breakfast was nice, if a little pricey ($14.50 per person).It's the other end of the block from a subway stop and Central Park. Good eating (and shopping) are to be found on Columbus Avenue (a 30 second walk from the hotel) and Amsterdam Avenue (the next block over) and Broadway (the next block after Amsterdam). The natural history museum is across the street, which our room overlooked.Drawbacks? If you need two beds, this is not the hotel for you. If you are in town for business and need to be at Wall Street or Midtown, this is not a good location for you. And the air conditioning seems to be all or nothing. There is no room service, but all the area restaurants deliver. (This is New York--even McDonald's delivers.)I definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 3 2005	Excellent little gem	As a former New Yorker, I cant say I expected much when I got a &quot;cheapie&quot;rate at the Excelsior hotel. The hotel is charming. It is in a great, QUIET location near fabulous restaurants. The rooms are not huge, but VERY clean, and well maintained. It is true, the water pressure is not so great, but at least it is hot! (unlike my other hotel before this) the staff is very helpful, and I even took a bath in the tub, it was so clean! I will certainly stay there when I return to the city.	
Apr 18 2005	Regularly return to Excelsior	I have stayed at the Excelsior a couple of times and whilst I recognise &quot;weaknesses&quot; highlighted by other reviews I have to say I think this hotel remains value for money and one to which I'd always consider returning to.Having stayed mid-town a quite a few times I much prefer the Upper West Side for relaxing in after a long days sightseeing and museum visiting. The restaurants, bakeries and delis are more &quot;local&quot; than mid town and the pace alittle more relaxing and less pressured than the key tourist areas.I can see that the reception staff could be described as abrupt but other than checking in and out I've been fortunate not to have reason to have further contact. Housekeeping was efficient and polite.Rooms are spacious compared with my experience midtown and pleasant enough to relax in at the end of a long day. Starbucks across the way good for coffee/breakfast.Subway very close as is Central Park- for that stroll across to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. If arriving late email them with time expecting to be in.......we found ourselves being shipped off to hotel in New Jersey due to our room being given away (arrived 1am from UK) during a previous visit! (Made up to us with fabulous upgrade!)	
Apr 17 2005	Good but we fried	We stayed at the Excelsior for two nights, 11th and 12th April. We booked last minute through expedia and had no idea what to expect. First impressions were good. We thought it was exceptionally clean and were ready to give it a five star rating. There were some nice touches and overall the value for money was good. However, although I found it pleasantly warm to begin with, we almost cooked overnight, and we were unable to turn the heating off. We had all windows and even the door open just to enable us to breathe. This of course let all the noise from the street in. Needless to say, we had little sleep which was a shame as it totally wrecked one of our two days in New York. I think I had a better sleep in the plane on the 20 hour flight back to Australia. I found the night staff unfriendly and not at all apologetic. Some kind of compensation would have been appreciated. The day staff were much more pleasant. On the second night we were given another room on the 15th floor. It was nowhere near as nice as the first room but at least we slept and it was noticeably quieter than the 7th floor. I think the hotel could be great with a better heating/cooling system (I see others have suffered the same fate) and some improvement in customer relations from the night staff. The position is good. Funnily enough we were watching an episode of Seinfeld while were there and when asked his address during a lie detector test he said 129 West 81st Street, just down the road!	
Mar 31 2005	Very good	We stayed at the Excelsior for 6 days in March 2005. The price was exceptional.The staff, to the contary of rumours, were best staff we had ever met in New York. Helpful, pleasant and humourous. Very clean. But no hotel bar despite having a floor devoted to &quot;entertainment&quot;.The location is not the best for a first-time visitor interested in the usual attractions but the Upper West Side is excellent for families. Columbus Bakery is highly recommended (6 blocks north on Columbus); R&amp;T excellent for $2 pizza and Dive75 on 75th is a good escape from the many local Irish bars.	
Mar 30 2005	A true gem of a hotel in a great location!	My husband and i stayed here from March 16-26/05 and were truly impressed. I travel for work all the time and this is one of the nicer hotels I've stayed in. I was a little worried about some of the reviews and because of the age of the hotel, but my worries were completely unfounded. The room was bright and clean and well laid out, the bathroom was beautiful and spotless, maid service was fabulous the bed was comfortable and clean. We would stay here again without a doubt. If you want to be away from the touristy areas and see how real New Yorkers live, this hotel is in the perfect local. Try one of the local bakeries for breakfast rather than the hotel, and the concierge try's but doesn't have a ton of info. If you are an independant traveler that doesn't need to rely on the hotel staff to do everything for you, this hotel is great!	
Mar 27 2005	Quite nice	Stayed in March, 2005, 6 days. Quite a nice place. Had no problem with the staff, although I think I confused the concierge once asking directions. He did fine when I rephrased the question to ask if the B train went where I wanted to go. Used the hotel drycleaning service. Was 80 cents more than getting the same item cleaned back home. Never even checked out the 2nd floor restaraunt. The day clerk tipped me to Columbus Bakery on my first day, and it rocks! (Around the corner, up 2 blocks.) So, perfectly acceptable. CLEAN!!! Obviously important in my reckoning - the room was spotless, and maintained that way for the duration of my stay. (I'm not messy.)	
Mar 18 2005	Good hotel great location	Stayed here spring, 2004. Nice, classy lobby. Staff apathetic. Room well appointed and decorated. We stayed in a suite with our two, small children. Their pull out sofa bed was seperated by french doors from our room. This worked well. Upper floor location reduced street noise. Avoid the breakfast room. Fabulous location, especially with children. Would stay here again as a couple or with children if paying less than full price.	
Mar 16 2005	Good Value in a Great Neighborhood	I first visited the Excelsior in October 2004 on vacation with my husband and my fourth grader, and have since been back twice on my own -- once to visit family and once on business. The most recent visit was in mid-January 2005. The Excelsior continues to impress with its terrific location away from Mid-town, the consistency of its amenities, and its astonishingly reasonable rates. On my last visit, the valets were particularly pleasant about stored luggage, even storing the luggage of a relative who had not stayed at the hotel. There are several places to grab great coffee and a quick breakfast in the neighborhood (breakfast at the hotel is expensive), excellent access to bus and taxi service and good access to subways, and Central Park is a mere block away. The rooms are not glamorous but are nice -- an acceptable size for NY with appropriate business amenities. The rates have been consistently terrific for NYC. If I must stay in midtown I stay at the Michelangelo; if I can avoid midtown, the Excelsior is my choice every time.	
Mar 13 2005	*****	My sister and I spent three nights this past week at the Excelsior Hotel. Our park suite was on the 9th floor with a glorious view of Theodore Roosevelt Park, the American Museum of Natural History, the fenced dog run, and the NYC skline to the south and west. What a wonderful experience! The hotel is a jewel set in a pleasant, beautiful, and quiet neighborhood. The lobby, restaurant, hallways, and bright rooms are immaculate--presenting a special air of graceful hospitality and comfort. And your staff: at the door, at the desk, and at the griddle, greeted us with spirit and treated us with friendliness (which is far more than did the dour faces at the New-York Historical Society!!!)Thanks for making this trip a most memorable experience--you have far excelled yourselves, Excelsiors!!!	
Feb 27 2005	Great Location	My girlfiend and I stayed here from February 24th-26th for a girls weekend away. The hotel staff was friendly and courteous. They had many recomendations for restaurants, which are numerous in the area. The room was very clean, tastefully done. The bathroom was alittle small, but gorgeous with extras like a toothbrush and razor (we stayed in a 1 BR suite). We had a terrific veiw of the American Museum of Natural History. No coffee pots in room, which was ok, but could have used room service for that first cup. You are able to go get coffee at the dining area on the 2nd floor and bring it back to your room. Bed was so comfy..hard to get up in morning. Plush robes were another plus. Very clean and safe neighborhood. would definately stay there again.	
Jan 20 2005	Terrible Management Terrible Heating System	The management, particularly the general manager Ivan, and the other employees were incredibly rude. I made a reservation through their website and immediately called afterward to see if I could cancel. The reservations agent said she could do nothing for me if I'd gone through their website. SO I stayed there and the heater only functioned on high, and throughout the night made loud knocking and buzzing sounds intermittently. I had to turn it off to fall asleep but then the room became freezing again! I turned the heater on again and the noises started up. Needless to say, my fiance and I got NO SLEEP. The manager Ivan was very unsympathetic and rude when we asked for discount for our trouble. After he granted a $60 discount, he then tried to secretively reduce it by telling his employee to take $50 instead. We caught this move by doubling checking with the agent at the desk about the discount. Ivan never greeted us in person and only would speak by phone. Overall, the entire management was a disappointment, and I would NEVER recommend staying in such a place.	
Jan 8 2005	Exceeded our expectations	Attractive in a classic way, brass and burnished wood in the lobby, attendants in uniform; warm, quiet, smallish, with only a handful of rooms on each of 16 floors; each room's appointments were extra nice, tasteful. Thick towels, a jarful of cotton puffs and q-tips were the extra marks that said this hotel sets out to please, and hopes you'll choose it on return trips. Beds - even the foldout - were comfortable, and the linens were too. Our view was looking south over the park surrounding the Am. Museum of Natural History. Location: subway a half-block away, Columbus Ave, steps in the other direction, with bakeries, restaurants, shops......and it is lots quieter than mid-town! Heat adjustments not available, which could be a problem in extreme weather, hot or cold. Did I leave out safe? It felt that way.	
Dec 22 2004	Definitely not a four star hotel	How did this hotel ever get a four star rating?...did I miss something?...We have just returned from a lovely Chrismas break in New York. From the outside the hotel was not disappointing...nor was the lobby. The bedrooms though are drab and very basic...with horrible pillows and bedding. There were no signs of any luxuries at all......just one lone bottle of luke warm water standing on top of the television..no fridge....not even coffee making facilities. Whatever you do...try not to wake in the night thirsty!Our heating in the room did not work...and neither did the safe in the room seem to either.There appeared to be no public areas other than the lobby....and no bar or lounges etc....and no apparent room service either.I will say though........that the bathroom was quite pleasant.The walls were very thin.....and we had to endure the sounds of a very energetic couple next door for quite some time during the night..!I would just like to know how this hotel got a four star rating.	
Nov 30 2004	Nice location not so great service	I enjoyed being so close to the Natural History Museum and Central Park, and the neighborhood has a few nice restaurants and cafes. (It was also fun to see the Macy's parade balloons being blown up right outside our door!) We had a few problems, though, including a clogged drain in the bathroom and only one bed in the room when we were expecting two. When I told them the situation and asked whether they had any doubles, the complete response was &quot;no,&quot; with no suggestions at all (like &quot;we could upgrade you tomorrow&quot; etc). When I asked for suggestions, the response was a sarcastic &quot;sleep in the same bed.&quot; It was like pulling teeth to finally learn that we could do an upgrade to a suite for the following night--after she initially told us that this was not possible. As for the clogged drain, the repair person never showed up. Housekeeping was extremely friendly and helpful, and they did their job very well. The sofa sleeper bed in the suite was NOT comfortable to sleep on.	
Nov 29 2004	Comfortable and convenient	Stayed at the Excelsior November 18 - 20, 2004. Found it to be comfortable and convenient. Rooms were no smaller than your general New York hotel. Good water pressure in the bathroom. I had a park view room and was concerned that it might be noisy, but it was not. Coffee shops, bakeries, and restaurants in the neighborhood. About a block from the C train and four blocks from the 1 and 9 trains. Directly across the street from the Museum of Natural History. I didn't get the impression that the staff was unhelpful.	
Nov 27 2004 	Nice location but front desk staff needs training	We just got back from a four night stay at the Excelsior -our first time in NY. We had booked a double but got an incredibly small queen. Hotel staff couldn't have been any less helpful or friendly in trying to solve the problem. We tried to maintain a cheerful attitude during our stay but not once did we get a friendly smile in return. We can only guess that they hate their jobs. And it wasn't just us - we noticed all guests seem to get this treatment. On the other hand, we found housekeeping to be very friendly and accomodating. Don't stay here unless they promise (in writing?) to give you a suite unless you don't mind rooms the size of a closet.We finished our stay in NY at the Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street and were relieved to find that hotel staff in NY can be very pleasant.	
Nov 12 2004 	Would stay again in a minute	Rooms were small but clean. The bathroom was very clean. Staff was nice. Location is great. Subway stop on the corner for the ABCD lines. Columbus Bakery right around the corner is great for bagel or scone in the morning. Quiet neighborhood. Much more of a sense of everyday New York life than staying in midtown. Would stay there again in a minute.	
Nov 10 2004	Very Good Deal	Saw mixed reviews for this property (focusing on unfriendly/unhelpful staff and inadequate accomodations) on TripAdvisor website, but the Quikbook rate ($166.00 per night for two) was good considering that we were booking during the NYC Marathon weekend -- so we decided to chance it. We were pleasantly surprised -- although we didn't have a great deal of interaction with staff, what we did have was very satisfactory -- quick check-in on arrival, no problem with billing via Quikbook. Room was small but very clean, view was of rooftops -- but we weren't planning to spend much time in the room. Housekeeping very prompt every day, always adequate towels, etc. Given the mediocre reviews of breakfast room, we always chose to eat in the neighborhood coffee shops, or wander down to Broadway for Zabar's or Fairway's cafe. Great access to the C and B local subway lines (the C runs directly into the Theater District, Port Authority and Penn Station), and the 79th Street crosstown bus. Excellent neighborhood for restaurants. Museum of Natural History is directly across the street, and Central Park is right up the block. It would have been nice to have a refrigerator and/or coffee maker in the room, but otherwise, we would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 3 2004	Nice Neighborhood	We stayed here Oct. 5-8, 2004. As with just about any hotel, there are pluses and minuses to staying here. The pluses: nice neighborhood, relatively quiet, very convenient location if you want to go to the Natural History Museum or Central Park, the subway is close, and lots of good food is available nearby. Our room (a regular room with 2 double beds in it) was clean and when we asked for an upgrade, we got a room on the 9th floor overlooking the park. Nice view. Free newspaper in the morning. The minuses: the staff was not unfriendly, but neither were they particularly helpful in any way. The room was small and there was no coffee maker. The room was a bit pricey, though to be fair I was only able to book two weeks in advance. All in all, I would especially recommend this hotel if you are nervous about staying in a bad neighborhood. Otherwise, I believe there are better choices for less money.	
Nov 2 2004	Good hotel	My wife and I have just returned from a four day break in NY. I had read most reviews on this page and was nervous about our impending stay. There really was no need. We were given a comfortable room with a lovely view overlooking a park next to the natural history museum. The bed was big and very comfortable indeed. It lacked tea / coffee facilities but with so many places so close we were not bothered. Excellent location, Central park on doorstep. Breakfast at Zabars was great as too was breakfast at eutopia. Subway at top of street we found easy to get around and felt totally safe wherever we went and we went everywhere! Anyway everyone has different expectations and views but we found this hotel a good place to stay with good staff (ok they weren't the sickly &quot; have a nice day brigade&quot; ) but they were efficient. They organised a car for our return to JFK which was a great Cadillac. It is in a really safe neighbourhood. It suited us fine and yes I would recommend it.	
Oct 25 2004	Great Suite - Terrible Front Desk	My husband, daughter, and I were in New York in the fall of 2003. We chose the Excelsior because of its proximity to Central Park, and because of the availability of a suite at a terrific price (through QuikBook.com). We had requested early check in because our flight arrived at the crack of dawn. It was not available, but we were told to return at 3:00 p.m., the normal check in time. We returned at 3:30. The room was still not ready, and the front desk staff was totally indifferent. We sat, exhausted, in front of the front desk and waited to be notified by them, as they said they would do. At 4:30 I called the manager from my cell phone. He was kind, extremely apologetic, and told us the room had been ready for at least half an hour, despite the lack of notification from the really dreadful staff. He also reduced the price of the room somewhat, as apology and compensation. The suite itself was lovely, large, and clean. I am planning to stay there again, because once you get past the indifference of the front desk, it is a terrific place to stay.	
Oct 18 2004	Bad experience	Our experience was the same as the review of this hotel that I have just read here. The desk and service staff were unhelpful and misserable to deal with. The telephone in the room was broken. We asked to have it replaced. We had to call twice to the desk. A person finally knocked on the door much later when we were in the bathroom. We asked him to return in one-half hour. He said this was our chance and he would not return. I agree about the breakfast room. The food is basic at best, and not much of a selection (apples, bread, etc.)The staff do not clean up after previous eaters, so that there is soon no clean place to eat without stains and crumbs andf dirty plates. I sent a complaint letter to the managment, which also was not on duty during my stay, and ther was no reply.	
Oct 15 2004	mediocre hotel	We are regular visitors to New York as we have Children And Grand children living on the Upper West Side. We normally stay mid town but on this occasion since there was a family celebration we decided to stay on the Upper West Side so as to be near to the family. We were staying for 8 nights in mid September and booked a 1 bed suite at the full rack rate.as the Hotel was not prepared to offer any concession The hotel describes itself as 4 Star(2 might be more appropriate.) We arrived at about 8 in the evening. The Front Desk Staff were polite but miserable and unfriendly. I was aware that the hotel had neither A restaurant nor room service and checked on arrival that the room had fridge and tea and coffee making facilities to be told thathe room had neither and that we could have a fridge for an extra $10 aday. The accomodation although of a reasonable size was shabby and the bathroom small and basic. The toilet was dirty. I asked for another room and was shown an almost identical room on the floor below. I wrote a letter listing our complaints as there was no manager on duty which I delivered to the front desk on the first morning ,no reply was ever received nor did I ever see or hear from the Manager although on our return to the room a small dented fridge had been installed. No kettle or tea making facilities. The hotel has a breakfast room which operates with a staff of 1. The kindest thing one can say about the Breakfast is that once was enough. This a poor hotel operating with minimal staff who are poorly trained. My wife also wrote to the manager towards the end of our stay surprise surprise no reply.	
Oct 12 2004	Don't count it out!	My mom and I visited NYC for a Lincoln Center concert in late September. An Upper West Side location was preferable, but I was highly reluctant to try The Excelsior based upon the mixed postings on this site. However, since I could not beat the $209 rate for the standard room anywhere else, I decided to bite the bullet and pray that I would not have a terrible time awaiting me. Well, folks, I did not. In fact, surprisingly, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and am happy to report many more positives than negatives. I guess, like anything, it just depends on the day that you get there.When we rode up in the cab, the doorman couldn't wait to open the door for us, grab our bags and escort us in. The other doormen and bellhops were extremely pleasant and efficient. We felt totally welcomed.We had arrived before noon -- way ahead of the normal 4pm check-in time. But that was no matter. The woman at the front desk stated that our room was ready and checked us in. Fancy that? And true, while I would not give her an award for perkiness, she was cordial and very efficient. Phew! There's another bullet dodged.The standard room is tiny but nicely decorated and the bathroom is quite nice. Two large windows let lots of sun in and the beds are extremely comfortable. I also recommend the breakfast room. The chef, from South Carolina, made me the best omlette that I've had in a long time! The buffet included smoked salmon, a variety of cheeses, breads, fruits, etc. So while it is true that there are many places to eat nearby. you will not get cheated by the inhouse dining room. You can fill up on excellent fare and not even need any more food until the late afternoon -- if then. The location is beautiful, a lot less manic than midtown. Buses and cabs are everywhere. We had no problem getting the attention of doormen to hail us cabs. The neat thing was that walking to nearby cafes, consignment shops, and other stores was no problem whatsover. There is a lot in that 5-10 block radius to explore.All in all, I just want to say to keep an open mind about The Excelsior. Maybe I had such a great experience because I happen to hit them on a &quot;good day&quot;. But it proves that they have them.	
Oct 4 2004	Itty Bitty Rooms and a Black Hearted Front Desk Staff	Booked this hotel during a high capacity week in NYC. There was nothing else available and the location is great, so I decided to give it a shot.The front desk staff is the rudest and least helpful that I have ever encountered. I was there for 5 days and kept thinking that I was imagining it, but they were consistently disinterested, bordering on hostile.The first room I was given was unbearably small. Luckily, for a small fortune, I was able to upgrade to a larger one or I might have gone mad. The bathrooms appear to have been redone recently and are simple, cheery and clean, which is probably the best feature.	
Oct 4 2004	Customer service here is the worst!	We booked a two-bed room for three people online through Expedia and were given a one-bed room. When I inquired about the discrepancy, I was told that since I booked (and paid in full in advance) online, I had to take whatever was available. I could not upgrade to a suite as the hotel was fully booked, and they would not provide a cot. The staff's attitude throughout my polite inquiries was what got me. They made no effort to accommodate our needs or apologize in any way. The indifferent/rude attitutude was a problem throughout the hotel. Note the doormen, who neither open doors nor hail cabs. They loiter in the lobby, chatting with each other and expecting a handout. It's shame because the location is great, and the room itself was nice enough.	
Sep 22 2004	Two thumbs way up!!	I am a frequent traveler; travel to vacation spots 4-5 times per year. We stayed at The Excelsior during the Labor Day weekend 2004 and were extremely pleased with the rooms. We booked the 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom + living room (with fold out sofa bed). There were 4 of us total sharing the suite. The rooms and bathrooms were very spacious and clean. I was surprised by the room sizes becasue NY is notorious for small hotel rooms. The decor was elegant, making us feel as though we were in a high end hotel. We were on the 12th floor and could leave the windows open with minimal street noise. With the windows closed, there was no street noise. The way they have this suite layed out is quite nice. It took up the corner of the floor, so there was no adjoining room noice/we had the entire corner of the 12th floor. Our view was not too great, but we were busy from dusk to late evening every day, so it was not a problem.The staff was nice and had our room ready when we arrived around 3:30pm. I was only at the front desk to check in for about 4 minutes. We called down for a couple of minor questions and were treated professionally/pleasantly(We called to find out were the ice machine was. It was on the floor below us.). I would disagree with the other reviews regarding rude service. We were there on a busy weekend with nothing but pleasant service from the staff.The location of this hotel was fabulous. We were literally right across the street from the Museum of Natural History, which is a very interesting museum. We were also about 1/2 a block from Central Park West (the hotel was not overlooking the park, in my opinion). We walked through the park, headed left and ended up at the Guggenheim, one afternoon. It is very close to tons of good restaurants. Head west to Amsterdam Avenue or Broadway. Both of those streets have tons of restaurants/all with excellent food. You will be covered for breakfast, lunch and dinner.Two thumbs way up!!	
Sep 15 2004 	Excelsior-great find in NYC	Booked the Excelsior for a 3-day business trip this week, thanks to numerous recommendations from friends, and because of its location. I will cast my vote with the positive reviews here; I had a great experience. I was greeted by friendly, smiling faces, check-in was very smooth, they upgraded my room to a junior suite (unasked, and did not even draw it to my attention or make a big deal out of it, I just discovered it when I opened the door). The rooms were clean, well-decorated, traditional, European in atmosphere. As said elsewhere in these reviews, the bed is absolutely divine. Since NYC is only a 2-1/2 hr train ride away, I usually come into the City just for the day, but now that I've found a great place to stay, I will definitely plan on an overnight getaway with my husband in the very near future!	
Sep 14 2004	Beautifully quaint!	On my fourth trip to NYC I chose to stay at the Excelsior because of its four star rating. The hotel is in a beautiful neighborhood on the upper west side near central park where you are surrounded by upscale NY apartment buildings. The hotel has a gorgeous lobby and clean, pretty rooms. The rooms were of adequate size for three women to share. Hotel staff members were helpful and friendly. The ONLY diadvantage to this hotel is that it takes a little longer to get to the tourist areas of NY. However, there is a subway entrace on the block, and it was always easy to grab a taxi.	
Aug 9 2004	Peace of Mind	If you are seeking a clean, quiet hotel with a wonderful Central Park West location (walking distance to subway), this hotel is for you! True, no freebie coffee maker, but hotel does have breakfast room on premises (though rather expensive). A place to visit and return again...I will!	
Jul 16 2004	The joy of construction at 7 AM	We checked in early in the evening on Thursday July 8th. Our first room smelled so strongly of paint that we immediately requested another. Our next room seemed pleasant enough. At 8am the following morning (5am to us, as we are from the West Coast), we were awoken by the pleasant sounds of a jackhammer. Strange, considering that we were on the 6th floor. A glance out the window revealed the source. Workmen, dangling from ropes on the building adjacent to the hotel, were bashing away at about the 5th floor, hard at work remodeling the bricks above the windows of said building. A call to the front desk yielded a gruff apology and something to the effect that &quot;we cannot control what goes on in New York City. Fine. A move to room #3 on the opposite side of the hotel seemed to solve the problem. Until 7am on Tuesday morning when again, the sounds of construction reverberated through our room, despite the fact that we were on the 15th floor. Apparently, the laws of physics dictate that sound must travel somewhere, and when it originates in one of those enclosed spaces between adjoining buildings, up is its only option. The racket went on all morning. While leaving the hotel that morning, I could not help but notice that the workmen this time seemed to be working on the hotel itself. Sure enough, a fellow in a hard hat confirmed that he and his pals were doing remodeling work on the hotel. The cement trucks out front were another clue. A heated conversation with the hotel manager again yielded the response: “We cannot control what goes on in NY”. &quot;Fine, but you can control what goes on in your own hotel&quot;. Several minutes of arguing yielded a $50 rebate on our stay. Not bad for a hotel charging $175 a night. And we did get a good night sleep on 3 of the 5 nights we were there. Oh, and for those of you still thinking of staying at this hotel, here is my advice, ask, no, insist on a room facing the street, I assure, you they are the quietest rooms in the place.	
Jul 14 2004	loved the excelsior	We stayed at the Excelsior for 3 nights in June 2004. It was beautiful! The bathroom was gorgeous, and the bed was fantastic. Yes, the front desk staff is aloof and not overly friendly, but I wuld stop short of calling them rude. I would have appreciated complimentary coffee somewhere in the hotel, but other than that it was great. We stayed there because of the location, and are thinking about staying there on our next trip to New York because of the comfort and plushness of our room. I would definitely recommend.	
Jul 11 2004	Old Hotel Rude Front Desk Staff Good Location	My review generally echoes many comments made in other reviews. The hotel is old and lacks many of the amenities of a four-star hotel. The cleaning staff was professional and accommodating, a departure from the rude and unprofessional front desk staff. Management should consider replacing the front desk staff with the cleaning staff. The location is the hotel’s greatest asset and it allows easy access to the park. Overall, I found myself comparing it to other NYC hotels that I have stayed at in the past and it did not fare well. My advice is to stay elsewhere when you visit NYC.	
Jul 9 2004	nice and fabulously located	We stayed at the Excelsior with our 4 year old son. It's a nice little hotel in a superb location for getting around new york and seeing sights. Close to major bus lines, subway, principal avenues, park entrance for cross-park travel to the east side, and wonderful restaurants all around. I do agree that there are some little things that they mess up on-- for example when we made our reservation we asked for a cot in the room for our son and were told they wouldn't put one in because it would &quot;damage the furniture.&quot; So we hauled an inflatable bed along and when we checked into the hotel the woman at the desk offered us a cot for our son.... needless to say we were dismayed! But we had a pleasant stay and the bed was SO comfortable-- we loved going to sleep at night!	
Jul 1 2004	Fantastic	Very nervous about this hotel after reading reviews on this site but it turned out to be fantastic. Room on top floor overlooking city - wow. Room immaculately clean as was bathroom- could not have been any better. New water everyday, but no tea/coffee We chose to breakfast out at one of the many diners/coffee places VERY near by. Fantastic area for restaurants - try FREDS and Very cheap Chinese near EJ's diner and EJ's Diner. Buy a Metro card for all day travel on subway and bus(both 2mins from hotel) for $7 and really experience a great city. We travelled on subway upto 10pm and felt totally safe at all times. Just great place. The Excelsior is a wonderful place for the end of a long long day. The most comfortable beds ever!! Can't wait to go again - already saving.	
Jun 22 2004	Lovely lovely lovely	Having read some of the reviews about this hotel, I was obviously concerned about my stay. I had booked 5 nights for myself and 2 friends and as I had done the organising, felt responsible for the quality of the hotel I had chosen.On arrival we were greeted by a pleasant young woman who apologised for keeping us waiting (not long) and checked us in. We had asked for a room with two beds and were delighted when we saw we had been upgraded to a two room suite with a view of the park. The room was spotless and was cleaned every day. There were thick robes, fresh towels daily and an endless supply of shampoos etc. Even razors and shaving foam!!! There was a TV in each room and a safe. All in all , it was a very pleasant stay, just remember to bring your own tea and kettle.	
May 18 2004	Half decent not bad so-so	The Excelsior is not bad, for New York. We've stayed there a few times, the prices for a suite through Quikbook, are relatively good, again for NYC. Our room was clean, with a scenic view of another part of the building (&quot;courtyard&quot; view). But the staff is not particularly friendly or helpful. We needed to change rooms (our suite for a family of 5 was in fact a &quot;cozy&quot; junior suite with no room for the requested cot), and had to stoop to obnoxiousness in order to make it happen. The breakfast, at $14 to $18 a head, is not worth it, especially with good bakeries and less expensive restaurants within a few blocks. However, the location, upper West Side, is very good, and feels safe. Would we stay again? Maybe, if we couldn't find anything better.	
May 7 2004	Fabulous base for New York!	We stayed at the Excelsior from 30th April - 5th May 2004.We had the most fabulous time! When we arrived we were given the choice of hotel rooms and decided to stay at the front of the hotel (fabulous view of the Planetarium) but as that room had a windowless bathroom we changed the next day to one at the back of the hotel (this time the view was of the back of apartments - which was a good way of seeing how New Yorkers really lived). We had a light, bright, very clean bedroom and bathroom and the bed was very comfortable. From this location we caught the subway (just on the corner) and it took us all over the city. We found that the hotel's location was perfect, it was close to local shops and truly great local restaurants (which weren't full of tourists) and yet all of New York's attractions were a only short journey away. Being so close to the park was a joy and we really felt that we had an opportunity to visit a very non-tourist typical hotel (most of the other guests were American) and stay in a very real neighbourhood.	
Apr 14 2004	Ghastly	Recommended this hotel to friends of mine who came to visit. We were greated by a very nice asian woman, but that was about it. A so called &quot;front desk supervisor&quot; actually asked if they could wait one minute and she proceeded to answer her cell phone and speak to whomever it was. I thought this was sopposed to be a professional work environment but it is soo laid back and mismanaged. I mean how can you hire a supervisor that does that?Now their creature problem. They have roaches, which I can understand with all the restaurants around this area, I am not a moron I do know that this pesky creatures are annoying, but my god, they have their front desk staff jumping on counters to get away from these bugs, not to say I wouldn't do the same but sheesh look what even the the staff has to put up with. We even saw a mouse in the breakfast room.Another time my friends came and they stayed there and left with bug bites all over his arms. Now this was the end of winter so I highly doubt the mosquitos were out...so what pray tell bit him all over his arm causing him to bleed and be left with red bumps? When he confronted the desk he met a nice woman who was very appologetic, she offered him the manager's business card. Later when they checked out they noticed they were still being charged for the late check out considering what he went through but the same desk agent still appologetic informed them that she had spoke with the manager and on his orders was to still charge them. They contacted the manager who refused to reimburse them for any part of their stay.How atroucious...just ghastly...if you would like to walk away with all the blood in your body that you came with please SAVE YOURSELF, do not stay here.	
Apr 7 2004	Disappointed Twice	I have stayed at The Excelsior twice (summers 1998 &amp; 2003). On both occasions I did not get the type of room I had reserved. (I had also confirmed my room choice by phoning the hotel some days after making the reservations.) I had requested a room with 2 double beds but upon arrival both times was told that only a room with 1 bed and a fold-out sofa was available. Coincidence?? On both occasions I found the desk staff to have an indifferent &quot;take it or leave it&quot; attitude. On my 2003 visit the cheesy motel-quality air conditioner barely worked and produced more noise than cool air. Luckily, the room faced away from the street, so I just opened the window at night. So why the second visit? The location is excellent, the rooms are clean &amp; comfortable enough, the price is good, and I thought they would have hired a more pleasant staff by 2003. I believe the 2003 staff was ruder than the 1998 staff. So if you can tolerate a cold reception and are willing to take potluck with room assignments, this might be an acceptable place. I'm looking for different hotel for my next trip to NYC.	
Apr 5 2004	Okay in a pinch	Just finished my second week long stay at the Excelsior. I booked it a second time because I couldn't get another hotel in that neighborhood for the dates I needed, not because I feel that it is in anyway special except for location.The rooms are small but clean and the housekeeping was excellent.The staff of the overpriced breakfast room were affable but otherwise the staff was either haughty or preoccupied, certainly too busy to pay much attention the hotel guests. The bellman couldn't be bothered to get your bags, the front desk clerks applied make-up in public and and I never did see the concierge.I did not feel very safe in the building since it was apparent that anyone could easily enter and access the guest areas. If you are looking for great amenities, this is not a place for you, but it is clean and adequately maintained for the price.	
Mar 31 2004	Abysmal!	It baffles me as to how this hotel could possibly be regarded as a four star. I had booked a room on Expedia, stating explicitly that I wanted a quiet room, on a high floor, with two beds. What did we find when we arrived? A room on the fifth floor, overlooking a busy main road, with a small double bed!! When I complained to reception they stated nonchalantly that all rooms were fully booked and they gave us what they had left - which was the worst room in the hotel! My wife was so upset she cried, and I was utterly furious! I then rang a number of NY hotels, finding them all fully booked until by a miracle I managed to find a room at the decent Novotel hotel (see my review of that one). We left the Excelsior as soon as we could but still had to pay one night to them - they did at least refund the other five nights.Avoid this place like the plague!!	
Mar 31 2004	mediocre but with bling!!	I booked the hotel through expedia. we stayed for a week in feb. The hotel itself is very glitzy when you enter the reception area. the room was small but comfortable and the bathroom was nice. We spent most of our nights absolutely freezing as the 1950's still industrial heater made so much noise that we could not leave it on, all we could do was huddle together under the thin sheet and blanket that was supplied (no duvet!). Staff were pretty unconcerned, the odd one was friendly and polite but the rest tended to be rather aloof. There was no internet access which proved to be a pain and no bathrobes either. Really I could live without these but I don't think it desrves the four star status that Expedia afforded it. I wouldn't stay there again but have to say it gets top marks for location as it is directly opposite the museum of natural history and is easily accessible for all public transport.	
Feb 26 2004	Not recommended	We have just returned from a 6 night break at the EXcelsior. This was our third visit to New York but first time at the Excelsior. The room was okay but lacked tea and coffee making facilities. The real problem was the staff. Not at all friendly and on one accasion positively rude. We asked the concierge to book us return transport to the airport with supershuttle having used this method to get to the hotel on arrival. I'll book you a car he said, it's cheaper and direct. We agreed and he asked how many were in our party, 4 we said. When the car turned up the driver said we had too much luggage. (We had the same as when we arrived!!) It was a different concierge who was very rude to us but booked a &quot;minibus&quot; at a cost of $32 more than Supershuttle!!! Perhaps the Excelsior staff need to attend a Customer satisfaction course!!!	
Feb 20 2004	An ideal tourist hotel	My girlfriend and I have just spent a lovely week here.The hotel is in perfect condition, always clean and tidy. All the staff were very helpful and cheerful to us, so I guess those who found them to be rude in previous reviews must have been catching them on a bad day.It's in a superb location, putting these two New York novices instantly at ease with the very clean and safe neighbourhood. Travel to the main tourist areas is simple thanks to the subway station on the end of the block and plenty of passing taxis. The nearby blocks are bristling with lovely restaurants, bars and shops, so anyone feeling a little tired after a long day of serious shopping can happily stick closer to home rather than venture downtown to eat (Fred's bar and restaurant a couple of blocks away was our favourite find).The only negative I'd note against the hotel is the complete lack of in-room coffee/tea making facilities, but as there are so many coffee shops within very short walking distance it is only a tiny issue - a Starbucks is less than 2min walk away.For the money we paid (approx 480 ukp for 1 week in a double room via Expedia), I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to travellers coming from the UK. It will certainly be at the top of our list should we decide to visit NY again.	
Feb 19 2004	not terribly impressed	We just spent nearly two weeks staying at the Excelsior. In terms of location it must be one of the best mid-price hotels in NYC, and it was quite comfortable, but not quite as good as I expected. The major issue for me was that I could never get the room cool enough to sleep comfortably, even after the maintenance man switched off heating to the room, and we began leaving the windows open all day (30 degrees and snow outside.) The desk staff didn't make much effort to appear concerned. Eventually I bought a humidifier, lay under a sheet, and just put up with it. Also, the hotel listing on Expedia (whom we booked through) advertises in room web access and bathrobes, neither of these amenities were actually supplied to us. A couple of nights we could hear people in the rooms next door, which was a little unsettling. The lack of hot drink facilities mentioned by other guests I knew about in advance, but I still don't understand why they can't have even a vending machine somewhere, so you don't have to dash to the corner shop in subzero wind and rain. oh well. The room was immaculately clean, and of a comfortable size for two people; the view from our room was great, and the doormen and bell staff were friendly and polite. In summary, I think the hotel is good to stay in but don't pay too much for the privilege.	
Feb 2 2004	Great	Excellent hotel, well situated, you will need to go out for breakfast though for the best experience, local deli good and Starbucks on corner. Location could not be better and room was a good standard and clean. Subway 5 mins walk and as ever in NYC lots of cabs. Give it a try, we did and enjoyed it.	
Jan 14 2004	Best Hotel Towels in New York!	It's the little things...and the big things too. We are a family of three who definately appreciates the finer things in life. OK, so we have lived in a ger in Outer Mongolia but that's another story. We had stayed at the Excelsior 7-8 yrs ago( before the &quot;Big Change&quot;). We paid $89 at that time for basically a one bedroom apartment, kitchen, bedroom, livingroom, funky big bath,etc. We heard it was bought, remodeled and now going for $289. We also heard about the fabled surly staff.Fast forward to early Jan '04, celebrating a 50th birthday and a 12th birthday, got a great winter rate at $139, front room, spacious, 14th floor facing the glassed in Planetarium and park of the Nat. History Museum, the thickest, whitest towels, spotlessly clean room, gorgeously tiled bathroom w/hairdryer, highend toiletries, two double beds you could sleep on forever. Wonderful old touches like the mail chute and deep window wells that you can sit in and even open the windows! Lower rooms could be noisy but not up that high. No mini-bar or in-room coffee? Stay at the Trump or Holiday Inn. Give me the Excelsior anytime. Oh, the staff, well it's not Mongolia (land of friendly faces!) but for New York, not bad. They can't be accused of fakey smiling (thank goodness) but fullfilled their duties pleasantly enough.	
Jan 6 2004	TRY SOMEWHERE ELSE!	Definitely NOT a four-star hotel - no room service, no refreshment facilities in the room. We were gasping for tea or coffee on our arrival and first thing in the morning.The breakfast was not included and they charged $18 per person for a full American breakfast, which was not even that nice to eat.The staff weren't exactly rude but not entirely friendly or helpful either. The receptionists were a bit snooty, although I couldn't understand why - they weren't working at the Ritz Carlton.The suite was comfortable but they gave us a room with a double bed which my son and daughter (teenages) had to share, so no thought had gone into giving us a twin room.LOVED New York but would try another hotel!	
Jan 6 2004	Excelsior excels!!	We just returned from five days and four nights (12-26-30-2003) at the Excelsior and we would highly recommend the hotel. After reading some of the reviews on this site I was a bit concerned but we had NONE of the bad service that others experienced. Everyone was friendly and helpful. Requests for things like extra towels and blankets were responded to within five minutes. The hotel was very clean, the rooms beautiful in a French motif and the location on 81st and Central Park West was perfect. Half a block to Central Park, subway station or Museum of Natural History. 15 min stroll to the Metropolitan museum of Art. Fantastic family oriented restaurants!! I am sorry that others had a bad experience, perhaps all those folks were fired because the current group of people from the front desk to the concierge to the bellman were all great. Please dont hesitate to stay here.	
Dec 16 2003	Not New York's finest	This hotel is definitely not a 4-star as listed on Expedia. The staff is extremely unprofessional, standing around chatting and ignoring the line of people waiting to check in on a very busy Saturday morning. Our room was not ready, so we were told we could check our bags, but it was 30 minutes before a bellboy even came - we went up to 5 different staff members scattered about the lobby who weren't doing anything, but we were told that only the nonexistant bellboy could check our bags. Also, the rooms themselves are quite run down. Our suite was hardly a suite - a tiny bedroom with a 5x5 foot sitting/entry area is what they consider a suite. Also, it was the middle of winter and when we walked into the room it was freezing because the bathroom window had been left open. With all the great hotels in New York there is no reason to waste your time and money on this one.	
Nov 28 2003	Staff are not very helpful		
Nov 5 2003	Great Location		
Oct 19 2003	expensive but good place; gonna try some other one next time though		
Sep 23 2003	Just a great hotel		
Sep 22 2003	The Excelsior was Excellent		
Jul 24 2003	Repeat Guest		
May 28 2003	Great Location - Awful Service		
May 14 2003	Service WITHOUT A Smile		
Jan 16 2003	european		
Sep 30 2002	Excelsior Hotel NY - highly recommended		
Nov 21 2009 	Der Preis stimmt einfach nicht für dieses Hotel!		
Nov 11 2009 	Une valeur sûre		
Oct 14 2009 	Elegante!		
Sep 29 2009 	?????????????		
Sep 25 2009 	Hotel distingue		
Sep 24 2009 	Perfetto		
Sep 2 2009 	Tra i migliori hotel di Manhattan		
Jul 10 2009 	?????????		
May 10 2009 	Tolle Zimmer und gute Lage!		
Apr 10 2009 	Ottima esperienza		
Mar 12 2009 	In der Krisenzeit sehr gute Preis-Leistung		
Feb 8 2009 	Bello posizione tranquilla e buona offerta		
Jan 14 2009 	Jederzeit wieder! Die Lage ist unschlagbar!		
Dec 18 2008 	Bello ma con personale alla reception poco cortese		
Aug 18 2008 	genial		
Oct 5 2007	entière satisfaction		
May 5 2007 	Bueno y bien situado		
Mar 7 2007	Excelente Hotel!		
