	A 3 star hotel...	My husband and I stayed there for 3 nights. Location is good. The lobby is probably 20 sqm. Staff are polite but not welcoming.The rooms: really really small. Bathroom: really really small. Bed: really really small and too soft so if there's 2 of you prepare to cudle all night long because you'll sink to the midle. No views.So, try another hotel. With the amount of money Shoreham costs you'll find other hotels, also well located (if not better) where you have a bed where you can actually sleep.It takes more than white walls and funny lamps to be a modern luxury hotel. Would not recommend it.	
Oct 21 2009 	Left early and would never go back.	This hotel is gross. The rooms are miniscule. I switched rooms and upgraded to a suite but then I still felt like I was sleeping in a night club/frat house. It feels used, dirty and cheap. I left immediately the next day and would never go back.	
Oct 16 2009 	Location Location Location	I usually do not step out of my safe zone when traveling. Let me explain, there are chains of hotels that give you a &quot;safe&quot; feeling in strange place. So I actually cancelled my safe hotel for the Shoreham. I was not disappointed. Very convenient to shopping, museums, food and the subway. The Shoreham is an interesting place. Something very different in mostly good ways. Great staff in the lobby. I passed on the complimentary drink at checkin. Elevators are small but the rooms are above average for NYC. Not bad. I have seen smaller. Massage chair was great. Shower temp and pressure were oh so nice. Bed was comfortable.The strange. Sink and toilet are so close together you have to reach under the sink to flush. One of those we installed it and did not think moments. I have been in hotels where the shower nozzle meets your belly button. So this was more of a wtf than a major issue. The convenient. Grocery store right around the corner to avoid mini bar surprises at checkout. Subway on a few blocks away. Beware. My hotel bill had someones food and drink from the bar on my first night. The front promptly took it off. Mistakes happen. I would definitely stay here again. I just wish they were part of a loyalty program.	
Oct 12 2009 	Feel you have been cheated	On our first time in NY on the suggestion of AA vocation agent we booked for 2 nights, hotel is centrally located other than that I did not find anything in this place which could justify the amount of money they charge. Lobby is contemporary one person in the front desk dingy elevator and then there is the room one can hardly turn around without hitting or bumping into something Bathroom is the pit small minuscule steel basin (one you see on TV in the prison) the carpet in the room you don't feel like stepping on, Yes bed and pillows were acceptable, Wifi is horrible I will stay away from this place in future	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location decent service reasonable amenities	This hotel is perfectly located in mid-town; close to Fifth avenue shopping, MOCA and other attractions. Walking in I saw what i thoguht was the mail center then realized that it was the reception. The lobby could use some sprucing up and only one elevator worked. The rooms are smallish but efficient. My center courtyard room looked across into someones apartment, which was a bit odd. The room overall was nicely appointed, even though it could use a bit of paint and some repairs here and there. The restaurant was actually quite good and the staff was very nice. It is a good value for the location. There were a lot of foreign travellers and a more ecclectic crowd than the ususal business hotel.	
Sep 21 2009 	Pretty cool for a few minutes then the past its prime sets in.	Pretty cool, for a few minutes, then the past its prime sets in. If the service was great, it might make up for it, but in 3 nights in the hotel, I was pretty much ignored. At least I didn't pay all that much for the room and the empty bar (again, although modern and swanky) served moderately priced drinks (for NYC).Best part of the room was the massaging chair, Aveda products and a very comfortable bed. Otherwise, the room was pretty small and the bathroom totally sterile. Moverover, the all metal sink and shelf reminded me a bit of prison. While flat screen TVs are now standard in most high end hotel rooms, mine was an older Dell model that took a while to turn on and had poor reception.Note: Free internet access and 24 hr espresso.	
Sep 8 2009 	Excellent spot to get away!	The Shoreham was an excellent pick for me. When I arrived the front desk staff was friendly and offered me a choice of water or champagne (I chose the latter). I stayed in a queen deluxe room with a massage chair. The room was clean and comfortable. I got a reasonable price for this room and airfare as a last minute package. I'm extremely happy that I chose this out of the other options. I would stay here again even though it was difficult for me to find.	
Aug 25 2009 	Making good out of a bad situation	This if my first time making an effort to write a review about a hotel and I could not pick a better one to start with. I decided to surprise my boyfriend with an overnight get-away to New York and found a great deal on a overnight stay at the Shoreham. Unbeknowst to me my boyfrend HATES the city so much that I suggested several times that I would take the &quot;L&quot; on the cost of the hotel and we could head back to Maryland. Well after it was decided that we would proceed with the trip we get to the Hotel where upon check in they offer either bottled water or a glass of Champagne as the hotel representative is checking me in she inquires about what brings me to the city I tell her it was a surprise and the surprise was really on me because he HATES the city she smiles and makes suggestions which I doubt he would enjoy. To make a long story short we go out ot grab a bite to eat and upon our return the hotel rep sent a complimentary bottle of champagne and strawberries to our room. The only regret I have is that I did not get the hotel reps name to thank her again and make sure her name is mentioned in this review.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great location	This is the second time I stayed at the Shoreham. My flight arrived at 6am in the morning and couple days before my arrival, I emailed the hotel and asked if there was any chance of an early check-in. I received a response the same day - there was no promises but the hotel said they would do what they can to accomodate me.Upon arrival, I was greeted by the same person who responded to my email (I think she is the manager). Not only did she gave me a room right away, she upgraded me from a standard room to a suite. I stayed there for 3 days after which I went to Washington, DC. I returned to the Shoreham after that for another 3-night stay and i got upgraded again to a suite.I was very pleased with the hotel. The rooms (all 3 times of my stay) were clean and the expresso machine (at the lobby) really comes in handy.I will definitely stay at the hotel again.PS. There is a supermarket around the corner of 55th Street and Madison, just 1/2 block from the hotel.	
Aug 2 2009 	Nice Hotel	Great location and good price on a nice, modern room. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 29 2009 	Fun 	I stayed at the Shoreham for one night with a friend to just have a fun night out in NYC on a Saturday night. The Shoreham is a pretty hip type hotel, and they give some nice extras like they have a Complimentary 24-hour cappuccino &amp; espresso for our guests. We were put in the Penthouse Suite which was a very decent size room with a small balcony. (not overlooking anything worth seeing) The hotel's feel is small, hip and boutique. The hotel is in a good location with the subway about 2 blocks a way. It is in a nice safe area. There is a bar and restaurant though I did not use it. There is also a gym on the premises and I noticed some computers in the lobby that can be used. The hotel is clean, safe, well kept and I would definately recommended it.	
Jul 18 2009 	Charming hotel with good location!	I like the single room since it is comfortable and trendy. Good food and wine in the bar restaurant!	
Jun 1 2009 	Good location	Mid-town location was good and within easy walking distance of Central Park, 5th Avenue and various other sites plus a number of Subway stations for going further afield. We stayed in a superior king room which I thought was a pretty good size and we were not bothered by any noise at night. The free tea and coffee facility was quite useful however we didn't use the bar or the restaurant so can't comment on them. We didn't find the hotel staff particularly friendly or helpful but they were fairly efficient and this was not such a big deal.	
May 22 2009 	Great Accomodations Perfect Location.	A friend and I ended up booking a room through Hotwire and got the Shoreham for a great price. Room was small, compared to the chain hotels I've stayed in, in my past 3 trips to NYC but the room, the location and the service were well worth more than we paid! They wouldn't/couldn't upgrade us because of the price we paid through Hotwire, but the room, with 1 Queen size bed, had more than enough space for the 2 of us to be able to maneuver around each other and all our luggage. Our room faced the back of another building, but you don't go to New York to get a room with a view and honestly, this was the quietest room I've ever stayed in, in NYC. We did not hear any obnoxious honking or emergency sirens at all, which is a rarity in New York.Our first night, there was no hot water in the shower, but upon reporting it to the front desk the next day, they had it remedied while we were out for the afternoon. Simple clean rooms, stylish lobby and lounge area and great amenities... would definitely stay there again!	
May 22 2009 	Great Location small rooms	The shoreham is a very stylish hotel. The rooms are small but is really clean.	
May 18 2009 	Chic hotel but pricey	I stayed in Nov 2007, for 3 nights. I got a suite with sitting area and bedroom. The accommodations were excellent, but the bathroom was ridiculously small. Desk service was non-existent. This place believes it caters to celebrities, so if you want prompt attention, you may need to wear shades and act like a prima donna. Otherwise, location was great. For better value for the money, stay uptown in the Upper West Side.	
Apr 1 2009 	Perfect Hotel	We stayed at the Shoreham Hotel for 7 nights and we can say with no doubt this hotel turned out to be a very good choice for accomodation in New York at a very good price (in comparison to other hotels of the neighborhood which were much more expensive). The hotel was very centrally located on 55th str (which is surprisingly a rather quiet street) next to MoMA, 5th avenue, Central Park and close to Rockefeller Center. There were also 2 nearby subway stations. There were also many nearby cheap places for quick and good food (self-serviced delicatessen bars etc)The decoration of hotel's lobby and the decoration of our room was minimal and stylish with simplicity and no exaggeration.The room was quiet and large, extremely clean, with 2 double extra-comfortable beds, nice and simple bathroom, a plasma TV and a radio/CD player. We were given a complimentary glass of champagne upon check-in, we also had everyday unlimited complimentary capuccino and espresso all day long, plus complimentary press everyday at our door (the New York Times &amp; the weekly TimeOut New York magazine). There was also free wifi / internet (2 pc available for the guests + printer). There was also a gym but we never used it. The staff was polite and smiling. Upon check-out (12 noon) we had our luggage kept for a few hours at no extra cost. When we came back to the hotel to pick up our luggage, the hotel staff immediately helped us finding a taxi to JFK airport . Overall a very good hotel experience! Definitely recommended!	
Mar 25 2009 	as long as you don't spend much time in room place is great	my 12 yr old son and i spent a couple nights there on a weekend. our room thursday was literally as small as a room can be, and still have a queen size bed. we were pretty sure the bathroom was bigger than the bedroom. and the &quot;window&quot; looked out into a ventilation shaft. but we checked out fri morn (other commitments fri nite) and came back to the shoreham saturday. i guess they weren't busy, because we got a free upgrade to a huge suite. the staff was very helpful and friendly. we got our room thru an online deal ($159) so i didn't expect the best room, but the suite was a nice surprise. the location is ideal--you're right in the middle of the theatre/times square area	
Jan 3 2009 	Perfect location	We were upgraded to the Penthouse room, with a very nice balcony, no street noise at all, a fantastic massage-armchair, and two big flat screen.. it was a fantastic experience.The hotel is located at few steps away from the MoMa, few block from The Rockfeller Center, and in a very strategic position to visit NY. Aveda shampoo, nice staff, design elements in the little lobby were the cherry on the cake.I really recommend this hotel!	
Dec 19 2008	Price Surprize at arrival	I reserved an Air France flight Paris-New York and a hotel through lastminute.com. I was clear in my order that I needed a room with two beds as I was traveling with my young son of 14. I paid the flight and the reservation : 2400 euros, not so cheap. When I arrived, the attendant said he never heard of this request and I had to pay 100 dollars for each of the four nights, 400 dollars.How nice.The attendant said I had to order through the hotel websight.So, NEVER reserve the Shoreham through another website, like Expedia or, like me, Lastminute.com (my mistake).The hotel is ok, but nothing remarquable.Hervé Le Tellier	
Nov 15 2008 	Nice hotel - but tiny rooms.	This a lovely hotel - contemporary and very chic. The staff were very welcoming and the service was great. Good buffet breakfast served in the bar. The location was also great. The room I had was lovely but....it was the smallest room I have even seen in a hotel - even by new york standards. I could barely get between the end of the bed and the wardrobe (which was more like a cupboard). Really nice hotel - but I was climbing the walls after a few minutes in the room. Everything else was great - if you're there for shopping/siteseeing etc and not likely to be spending time in your room, it's perfect.	
Oct 21 2008 	Keep looking there is better for equal or less	I stayed here for 1 night to attend a conference at the St. Regis. The room was on the second floor overlooking the air shaft and the HVAC duct work. Tiny room, but the bed which took up the whole room wasn't bad. Modern design, grey/muted color scheme with glass walled bath room. There are better hotels in NYC for the price and depending on what you are in NY to do there are better locations.	
Oct 9 2008 	Great Location Great Hotel!	We booked on line with expedia and got a great discount for booking our flight at the same time. We booked it based on location and the reviews at the time. Mostly because we wanted to have an Boutique expereince with out paying boutique prices.It was better than we expected and we've the decor. I'm pretty sure that they upgraded our room to a bigger room.I would definately recommend The Shoreham to friends. I think the next time we go back we want to stay in a different area of the city but otherwise we would go back!!!	
Sep 24 2008 	Great location	I stayed at the Shoreham in Aug/Sept for one week. It is the perfect location for everything you want to do in the city, especially shopping! I was there with a friend and the room had plenty of space - was a bit worried with the small room reviews I had read. Only downside - the staff, don't expect them to help you find restaurants or give you any tips at all really. Will be going back	
Sep 23 2008 	Great place	I stayed here with my husband for some nights last week.We really enjoyed our stay, it was our first time in NY and this Hotel is in a great place we were at a walking distance from lots of interesting places, such as: MOMA, Central Park, Rockfeller, Times Square, Broadway, 5th avenue, and so on.The rooms are small it is true! Our room was the one with the queen bed wich is the smaller in the hotel, but th less expensive too. The rooms a small but we are in NY, the city that never sleeps, we don't want to spend much time in the room!!!The staff was great they were realy nice and helped us making reservations in some restaurants. The coffe machine is really great and handy, because you can use it at any time. There are 2 computer with free internet acess anda a printer, which is great if you want to check your email ou something else.This is a boutique hotel and that is why it has a funky mood, you have to be in the same mood to be in a hotel like this.We haven't brought a plug convertor for USA plugs and teh hotel lend us one.The bathroom is small but tha shower is huge, 2 people ca bath at the same time.Our room was really quiet, and you can´t ear anything, what is great because the hotel was fully booked.every mornig we had the news paper at our door. and new magazines during the week such as &quot;time out - NY&quot;I recomend this hotel for funky people and for first timers in NY that want to be in a great location , but not in the middle of the crowd (i'm going to tell everybody not to stay in times square because it is to much noise and people ate every hour of the day and night)	
Sep 16 2008 	Overpriced and Many Flaws	This hotel was recommended to me by a business colleague. He has probably never stayed there. The first room I got was so small I went back to reception and handed them the key saying that unless I got a bigger room, I would move. Ended up in Room 201 which is larger but still very modest for $500 per night.Air conditioning was of the 1950s variety; stainless steel sink was so small as to be virtually useless and there was no hot water. TV had about 15 channels and ESPN was not working for the entire 3 days. The restaurant is noisy and has lousy food. The wireless internet never worked (I went round the corner to Starbucks for internet connection). On the positive, the staff were nice and seemed to realize they were in a joke of a hotel. Plus it is a great location. But for that money, avoid the place.	
Sep 3 2008 	Absolutely loved the Shoreham!	I was going to NYC with a few friends to celebrate a birthday. We decided to stay at the Shoreham. It was an excellent experience. We shared two rooms with queen beds. You have to know that this hotel is constituted of two separate building next to each other, joined by the lobby/reception area. Each of us had a room in each section. The room are very similar but here is what is different: One is much larger, but the design is somewhat regular compare to the other. Bathroom in this one was extremely small. On the othe hand, the other room had an exquisite design but the size was rather small. Bathroom was very big and beautiful. Both room were very nice, thinking that this is NYC, where rooms are usually very small with little to no bathroom... These two rooms were very very nice for NYC and for the price paid, this was very good. There are no ice machine on the floor that can wake you up. Just call room service and ice will be there in a few minutes. Forgot to ask for extra glasses, those will be ther in minutes as well. They offer both a bruch/buffet breakfast and a menu breakfast. My friends and I each took the brunch and the &quot;a la carte&quot; breakfast. For the price in NYC, these breakfast were enormous and very good (and I'm picky on food).One thing not to miss is their coffee/espresso machine near the lobby: free coffe, and really good one too (also tea and warm water)I loved the Shoreham and will book there again next time in NYC.	
Aug 18 2008 	what a horrible hotel!!	I recently stayed at the Shoreham hotel for business. Normally I stay at The Dream hotel, but they were sold out. I should have listened to the hotels they suggested!!I got to the Shoreham at 430p to check in and the Front Desk Agent couldnt find my reservation. I advised them I had a confirmation number, but was told that the hotel was sold out and that my name wasnt in the system. I asked to speak with the manager and was advised that he was in a meeting.Finally after arguing with the agent, he finally agreed to look up the confirmation number. The agent who took my reservation mispelled my last name!! Then the rude agent told me that the room wasnt ready and would have housekeeping work on it ASAP. I took the redeye to NY, worked all day and all I wanted to do is sleep. I had to sit in the lobby for 45 minutes until the room was ready. I wasnt offered a free drink or any apologizes.Upon entering the room, it was so small. I wasnt able to sleep with all the noise from outside!! It sounded like the window was open yet there was no windows. I called to the front desk to see if I could change my room &amp; was told no the hotel was sold out.The food in the bar area and room service was horrible. I had to wait 30 minutes for breakfast. My eggs were cold and the room service waiter was so rude!! Complaining that I only tipped him $3!!I called my travel agent and thankfully she was able to move me out of the hotel, the next day!!I would never suggest anyone staying at this hotel. Its a dump, the staff is rude and not worth $25 per night!!	
Aug 3 2008 	Would stay again	My husband and I stayed at the Shoreham for 3 nights. We were quite pleased with the hotel. The hotel is very modern looking. The carpet in the hallway looks very clean. The room itself looked clean and there was ample space to move around as when reading some reviews I got a bit scared that it would be too small. The shower was good. I did not have any problems with the water temperature as I read in another review. The hotel was pretty quiet which we liked. We never saw anyone on our floor and were mostly by ourselves in the elevator. The cappacino station on the 1st floor was our favourite part. You can get hot chocolate, latte, coffee, tea, etc. It helped in the morning to wake us up when we were rushing to get our day going. We just grabbed something to drink for our morning walk to whereever and it tied us down until we got something to eat.The first night I found the noise from the street quite loud and seemed as if the window was opened although there were no windows, but the rest of the nights I slept find, probably because we were so dead tired.We didn't get bathrobes in our room - Superior Queen. I thought our room didn't get it but I just read now that we should have gotten them. And the housekeeper was inconsistent with the towels she brought. First time, there was no bath mat, then next she didn't replace one face cloth then next night we got 0 face clothes. But it wasn't a big deal or else I would have asked for more. I would recommend this hotel definitely. This is our first time at a boutique hotel and loved it. IT would be nice to try others. But that cappicino station was AWESOME&gt; and a nice treat.	
Jul 18 2008 	Not great value	I spent an entire week at the Shoreham while in NYC for business. The hotel did charge my credit card IN ADVANCE for the full amount of my stay, meaning the cost of 7 nights was billed one day before my arrival. This can be of particular annoyance if your credit card is maxed out after that. My complaint was not actually rejected, with the manager denying the advance charge.Room service was fine. However, minibar was never actually restocked during my 6 day stay. Only after having left it was noticed that the guest who was in the room before me had drank a bottle of wine and put it back in the minibar empty.At least this item was taken off my bill after my complaint.The problem seems to be that too many business people need to come to NYC, able to pay $500 a night and accepting sub-standard service and a dark and small room.	
Jun 1 2008	A clean modern boutique hotel with great service	I stayed in the Deluxe Luxury Queen room on the 4th floor, and it was a dream - spacious, modern and clean. When we walked into the room, we were greeted with 3 pieces of fresh chocolates on a designed plate (not just pre-wrapped chocolate) along with a handwritten note from the hotel manager, which was a nice touch. Also, since we were celebrating my friend's birthday, I called ahead to request that a small card with a particular inscription be left in the room upon our arrival, and this was nicely done. I requested the same of 60 Thompson in Soho, but their reply was that they were a boutique hotel and couldn't do it.The bathroom was luxurious, with 3 shower heads, although for the 3 days we stayed, we always had variable-temperature water. It would go from hot to cold to lukewarm back to hot - all very quickly so as not to scald or freeze, but the water temperature never stayed constant. At first I thought this was from other guests flushing toilets, but that doesn't explain the range of temperatures nor the frequency of change.Also, with all 3 shower heads on simultaneously, the drain rate was not fast enough and water began to accumulate and rise in the shower.Shortly after arriving we went to The Bar for an afternoon cappucino pick-me-up, and when we returned to the room, we had turn down service and 2 brownies on our bedside! Housekeeping was always quick to respond to our needs (ice and extra sheets).The free internet on the lobby floor came in handy when we wanted to confirm subway directions to the Brooklyn Museum - 2 computer stations with 1 printer, although the printer was out of service.The elevators were small, but there were 2 and each fit 3 people with 3 suitcases comfortably, and they were never overcrowded, which was nice for a boutique. Also helpful were the displays on each floor letting you know where the elevator was (sometimes the little things make a big difference).The midtown location is very convenient. When we went out for dinner Friday night though, it took 5 minutes for the bellman to hail us a cab - not many came down the way.Overall, a clean, modern boutique hotel with great service.	
May 29 2008 	Always lovely and dependable	The Shoreham is a smaller property hotel in a great midtown location. We always stay here when in NYC because it's convenient and accessible. The rooms have the minimal and soft white color design. The rooms have a calm and serene feeling. It's really quite a challenge to make all this work in midtown but The Shoreham succeeeds. The front desk staff is very helpful (no attitude) and the housekeepers are quick and efficient with your room.	
May 28 2008	Funky hotel in a great NYC location!	My stay here was great. We found the room spacious and clean and the staff were so helpful and friendly. There is free internet, gym use and a cappuccino machine 24/7. Also, the beds and pillows were the best I've ever slept on in a hotel. The hotel itself is trendy and modern and in a fabulous location that is close to Central Park and Times Square. Highly recommended!	
May 24 2008	Very disappointing	The first room they gave me had one or two cockroaches waiting, and it was dirty, so I was changed to another one that was smaller and without a bath. The room themselves are all very small and uncomfortable. The main light of the entrance of the room was not working and was never replaced during my stay. The view was to to a brick wall two meters away. In the room itself the only table was filled with a nice Bose sound system and a huge TV set. That is: no place to work in your own room, no place to write or anything else but sleep and watch TV. The hotel itself is pure design, but very unpractical. The worst was whay they called &quot;Business center&quot;. They have wifi in the rooms, but I called before to find out where there was a place to check the internet so I could leave my laptop at home. &quot;Of course&quot;, they said, very proudly. Actually all they had were two computers in the hallway that separated the elevators from the gym, with a lot of people wanting to use them and ugly pop music blasting from the loudspeakers. Besides, the connection always broke and the printer's cartridge had no ink and was never replaced during my 10 day stay. You must have a lot of nerve to call two computers a &quot;Business center&quot;. All this in a very eexpensive hotel, with much better alternatives available at the same price. Suming it up: design, unconfortability, bad service and cockroaches. Don't go there.	
Apr 28 2008 	Four nights at The Shoreham	This was my 6th time to New York City and we were there with another couple who had never been before. The Shoreham is a very modern and trendy hotel with beautiful decor and a comfortable bed. The location is terrific, just blocks from 4 subway stops and an easy walk to various hot spots.The free coffee bar and New York times is a great touch and we hear that they offer a free fitness center...we wouldn't really know about that.I stay at a different hotel everytime I go to NYC. And, while I have a lot of good things to say about this hotel, I must add that it was my least favorite of all of my experiences. I am of the theory that a traveller spends very little time in their hotel room in New York City so size isn't an issue. However, the size of these rooms are to the point of inconvenienve and discomfort. You are bound to get a smaller room when you book a boutique hotel but the rooms at the Shoreham are so, so small. You really have to maneuver just to get around the side of the bed and, if you have more than one large bag, there are very few options.The bar is beautiful but very high priced, there is a great pub just about 6 doors east on 55th.So far the best hotel I have stayed at is the Hyatt Grand Central and if you want a boutique style hotel, check out The Benjamin.If you are alone and want a trendy room in a good location book The Shoreham, the people are friendly and the place is very nice. If your party is larger than one then look elsewhere.	
Apr 27 2008 	Excellent Location	We stayed at the Shoreham for three nights in April 2008. The location of the hotel was excellent, on W 55th between 5th and 6th ave. However, the room was very small, like most in NYC. Our room seemed even smaller, due to the small window with a view of the fire escape/alley. Little if any light even at mid-day. The room was very clean, and was cleaned promptly by staff upon our departure each day. The complementary coffee/tea/and hot cocoa machine was nice in the Am and after a long day. We weren't offered champagne upon check in, like advertised, and like the couple checking in before us.....this was disappointing. The positives did out weigh the negatives as we did get a good deal on this room via hotwire, but we would likely stay at a larger near by hotel during our next trip.	
Apr 24 2008 	Nice stay at Shoreham	I was in Shoreham with my daughter recently. The hotel is in excellent location and tastefully decorated. Front dest people were very warm and helpful especially Debora and Laura (I don't know whether I spelled their name right). Highly recommended. Love to go back.	
Apr 10 2008 	Guaranteed Return Guest - Loved My Stay at the Shoreham	This is the first review I've ever written about a hotel. Traveling to New York was an experience but what made it even better was staying at the Shoreham. It's a nice, modern and friendly place to stay in the heart of Midtown Manhattan. Everything is within walking distance (Time Square, Central Park, Rockerfeller Center, MoMa, Broadway Shows, Restaurants, Shopping, etc.). I loved the fact that it was located off a quiet street which allowed us to sleep the whole night. There was even a liquor store conveniently located around the corner from the hotel. The staff was very helpful and frinedly. The rooms were unlike any other place I've stayed in...there was a massage chair, huge walk-in shower, comfortable bed and most importantly clean/modern. My husband and I will be going back in May/June and plan on staying here for both of our trips. I can't say enough good things about this hotel.	
Apr 2 2008 	Loved the Shoreham!	What a great, chic hotel. I loved the spa suite. The room and bed were very comfortable, the furnishings and color scheme were quite cool, and the location directly in midtown between 5th and 6th Avenues was perfect. You couldn't ask for more centrally located!	
Mar 20 2008	Short but great stay!	Had a one night visit to NYC and was very pleased with the clean, soothing atmoshpere at Shoreham. Would recommend to anyone!	
Mar 3 2008 	Loved it!	I really liked this hotel. I had to book a hotel for a last minute meeting that was scheduled and decided that I was tired of the usual suspects - major hotel chains - and booked the Shoreham - figured what did I have to lose with a one night stay. I was surprised at the comments concerning lack of personal touch and service. I was suprised to check my vm at work to find that they had left me a message the day of my arrivial welcoming me and looking forward to my stay. Check in was a breeze and was offered a glass of champagne or water upon arrival. Room was of typical size for New York - on the small size - but thoughtfully laid out and spotless. Loved the ijoy chair! Bed was extremely comfortable. Aveda amenities in the bathroom which was quite roomy. The self serve espresso machine and free wifi rock. Decor is very modern so would not for those who like flowers and dust ruffles. Great location and wonderful service!	
Jan 22 2008 	Loved The Shoreham	Nice little hotel tucked away from on W. 55th street...very close to Madison Ave, Central Park, Broadway Shows and Rockafeller Center! Its a great Mid-town location so you can get to anywhere uptown or downtown. You are only a short cab ride or subway ride from everything. I liked how the building didn't scream &quot;HOTEL&quot; the setting is more like a chic mid-rise NYC condo! I loved it! The hotel was quiet very clean...my room was sleek contemporary and very comfortable...loved the 45 inch plasma tv! and the 24hr expresso bar Loved it! The room was small but hey thats NY baby. It was a lot of style but in a very cozy end inviting setting. Perfect for a couples weekend in the city or a girls/ boy get-a-way or shopping trip. When I return to NYC which will probally be this summer I will definitely return to the Shoreham!	
Jan 4 2008 	Too much design!	I thought I'd try the Shoreham as a change from my usual hotel in NYC. It's in a good location on a relatively quiet street and the decor is impressive if an acquired taste. The designers took an old hotel and gave it a great makeover but they were quite constrained by what they had to work with. The lobby is very strange, very unobtrusive from the street, nice idea but it was a mess and the very low ceiling is just weird. My room was small and there is very little soundproofing so I could hear the conversations from next door. There's a flat screen TV and a massage chair but the room was generally quite uncomfortable and very very dark as the only window looked out onto a &quot;light&quot; well but needed the blind closed for privacy. The bathroom is stainless(!) steel which looks trendy but a bit industrial. Opposite the toilet was a huge frosted glass window with no blind. I felt very uneasy as I am sure with the light on people in nearby rooms would see enough detail through the glass to be embarrassing! The bathroom was very cold indeed. There was almost no storage space so my case had to stay open on the floor throughout my stay, making the room feel even smaller. Overall, the hotel is very trendy and OK for a short stay but you wouldn't want to spend too much time in the room. The most annoying thing was the lift - the lift call button is on a pillar in the middle of the lobby away from the lifts themselves causing a certain degree of confusion and disorientation.	
Dec 27 2007 	Wonderful - couldn't ask for more	This hotel is magnificent. Beautiful decor, very friendly staff. Reserved a single Queen, but when I arrived with my son asked for a double bed and they upgraded us at no charge to a Penthouse room. We had a wonderful first time experience in NY sightseeing as well as me working at my office in NY. Very informative on where to go and what to do. Always courteous and helpful. I highly recommend this hotel. The beds were extremely comfortable. WiFi reception excellent. New movies at no additional charge. Within walking distance to many attractions.	
Dec 23 2007	Nice Hotel Awful Service	I arrived at 1am after a delayed flight and it took over 30 minutes to check in, despite there being only one person in front of me in the queue and two people working at the reception desk.I was then told that I would have to change rooms for my second night which I refused to do. I was then told I would have to pay extra to stay in the same room despite having my booking print out with me. In the end I did not pay a different rate.Predictably, my electronic room key did not work and I had to drag my bags downstairs again.The room itself was, however, fabulous. In fact there were two bedrooms in my suite with plasma screen TVs in each. There was also a living room with another one. Each bedroom was nicely decorated and full of gadgets! The bathroom had a great shower with several jets. There was also a nice bath and plenty of space beside the basin and was very clean. My suite also had a little study as well and internet connection was good. All in all, the hotel room was outstanding and large for Manhatten. Location is also great. Of course, you pay for this as I think my room was around $600 a night.	
Dec 21 2007 	No personal touch	We booked through expedia a room with a view, I called a week before flying to ny to make sure everything was ok. Upon arriving to the hotel we saw about 15 people waiting at the lobby, so we simply went to the modernish restaurant they have facing the street and had a late lunch. The doorman took care of our bags and after about an hour of having lunch we approached the front desk to check in. The first issue that came up was our credit card not being read by their system, then our room was not ready even though it was 4pm and check in time is advertised as 3pm. Then, once the very cold concierge gave us our room keys, our bellman helped us to our room, which upon arriving to it was not clean. We went back to the lobby with the bellman to sort this out and we found ourselves caught in the very uncomfortable position of listening to a manager talking down to one of the front desk people. The bellman tried to get this manager's attention but enough time had already gone by and enough had been said that made me and my girlfriend realize that there is no personal touch in this hotel whatsoever. Once the manager realized we were waiting, he turned on this strange smile and directed us to another person at the front desk. The lady who finally helped us get into a clean room was very quick and efficient, though we realized that the level of stress at this lobby was making us very uncomfortable. We have been very lucky to travel around the world and we have always left tips for employees, specially for maids, but after running into these uncomfortable situations, we decided to write a review online so that hopefully true honest sincere service does become a reality. Not only so that other people do not have to run into uncomfortable situations, but also because service starts with respect, something that this manager evidently does not have towards his employees.To make a long story short, messy and delayed check in, strange behavior at the lobby, good restaurant, good drinks, good location. Still, we would not recommend this hotel to a friend.	
Nov 26 2007 	Had a great stay	Three of us stayed for 7 nights over Thanksgiving week at the deluxe 2 queens room. The room was very big, but the bathroom was small. The room faced another building so we couldn't open the shades, but that wasn't a big deal. The room was hot even though it was very cold outside, so we had to turn the AC on from time to time (I'm glad the AC worked, or we would have been miserably hot). The location is excellent, just half a block from 5th Ave. The staff was friendly and the two computers in the lobby were very convenient to use. We felt that paying $16 for a continental breakfast at the hotel was way expensive for what you got, so we just went to Cafe Europa a block and a half away. There are other choices of places to eat nearby as well.We would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 24 2007 	Small Room but Clean 	The two of us stayed at The Shoreham Hotel Nov 16-23, 2007. The Superior Queen rooms are small but clean, most of the room space taken up by a very comfortable queen sized bed. The bed leaves very little space for moving about the room. To give you an idea: 9 paces from the door to the window, turn left, and 5 paces to the wall. There is one chair parked beneath a narrow table surface (about 18 inches wide?), between the bed and the table surface. If pulled out for sitting, the path from the door to the window is blocked. We ended up repositioning it between the bed and the bathroom, and parking a suitcase on it, as there wasn't really much room anywhere else in the room for suitcases. There is a small closet on the right as you enter the room. It contains an iron, an ironing board, and a safe for storing valuables. The bathroom is small with a stainless steel sink which drained slowly so we called the engineer to fix the stopped up pipes - he came up immediately and fixed the problem forthwith, so we thought, until it started plugging up again, so we just let it go as it was not a major issue. The heating and cooling worked perfectly, no problems there. There are 2 handheld phones in the room, one by the bed, the other on the narrow table ledge.	
Nov 16 2007 	Worst "Luxury" Hotel Ever! Got no sleep!	This hotel was truly awful. The bathroom floor is marble and is FREEZING at night. There is no heater in the bathroom. Moreover, because my bathroom door did not close (the hinge was broken!), the cold air floated out into the bedroom. The bathroom is right next to the bed, and the cold kept me awake for hours.I turned the heat in the bedroom up to maximum, but was still not able to warm up the bed (which is next to the bathroom and far from the heater on the other side of the bedroom).I called guest svcs for slippers to walk on the bathroom floor; they forgot to respond. After a few hours, I finally fell asleep, only to wake up about 3 hours later because the room had somehow heated up to a roasting temperature, and I was sweating. I turned the temp back down a bit, but it was very slow to respond.Further problems with the room: 1. the front door (to the hallway) will not close without being slammed. 2. bathroom door won't close at all. 3. There is no bathtub, nor a shower stall or even a curtain. Just a shower head in the middle of the wall, which floods the whole bathroom (and bedroom b/c the door doesn't close) when used. 4. The sink is tiny, and is slanted downwards ,so water spills onto the floor.I got only three hours' sleep despite eight hours of trying. If you get Room 210, you should IMMEDIATELY change rooms or check out of the hotel.	
Oct 4 2007 	mixed review -- but wouldn't stay there again	This is a small boutique hotel -- and here is a snapshot of the good and bad:Good:1. comfortable bedding2. clean3. trying to be trendy 4. nice workout room for this size hotel (except that you can't control the temp and it was too hot)5. champagne at check-in 6. free coffee/cappucino machine nice7. nice locationBad:1. smallest bathroom I've ever seen (and I travel over 45 trips a year). seriously no where to put your toothbrush 2. very hot in halls, workout rooom3. who needs loud techno music over breakfast?4. breakfast should not be in the bar with tiny little footstool chairs.5. can't adequately control room temp.6. no privacy &quot;business center&quot; just two pc's in a hall7. check-out staff very unfriendly8. tiny desk size ironing board -- very hard to iron a business shirt on it.overall -- nice location, odd place. There are plenty of other choices in NY.	
Oct 2 2007 	little piece of heaven	Modern hotel in the best location and still with an affordable room rate (it's all relative). It is steps away from The Pennisula Hotel, and 5th Ave.. Great selection of restaurants on the same block. We have a Superior King w/ bath tub and a great shower, flat screen TV, plenty of closet space for short stay. The bed is heavenly...and the bedding is lovely...my young daughter enjoyed it so much she used it as launching pad! Staff are very helpful and friendly. Elevator is very efficient. There is a fancy Swiss coffee maker provides free coffee/tea/hot chocolate on the lobby floor around the clock. I was able to fill my daughter's milk bottle as needed - how convenient is that!!! there are also a couple of computers in the lobby for the guests free of charge. They also deliver New York Times daily free of charge...Yes, i do have to pay for the room, but it is defintely worth it!	
Sep 25 2007 	Great stay at The Shoreham	we have just returned from a three night stay in this hotel,with two teenage children. The location was FANTASTIC, when we arrived they upgraded our room, from a small queen bedded room, to a suite ,the bath room was small, however it had all the neccesities. The children's room was upgraded because they had been given a single queen to sleep in, they got upgraded to a larger room with two queen beds in. The hotel bar looked lively however we were all too busy to get a real taste of the atmosphere. The staff at reception were very helpful . The children enjoyed the free use of the internet, and overall it was a convenient and pleasant stay we would return if we were to go back to New York. The hotel is not a huge sky scraper,however it was a good size, there were no real views out of the bed room windows, especially the childrens which looked into a well, the rooms were always quiet, the beds comfortable, good bed linen and air conditioning was great.Also free coffee from a machine 24/7. we thought it was good value especially with the upgrades.	
Sep 8 2007 	Fantastic Hotel Stylish 	Had looked at a number of other hotels and got a great deal for the Shoreham through Travelzoo.It was our first time to New York and the hotel is ideally located just off Fifth Avenue.Rooms are very modern with flat screen tvs.The continental breakfast was great and so were the staff.Very friendly check in\out!Will return again!!!!!!	
Sep 4 2007 	A Great Weekend at The Shoreham	After reading such mixed reviews I was a bit apprehensive about this hotel. However our experience turned out to be very positive. Our check in was efficient on a busy Friday before Labor Day. We (my husband and I) booked a superior king at a very good rate (breakfast included) and were happy to find that the room was pleasant and a reasonable size for NYC. Our room had a massage chair (a wonderful way to relax after walking and sightseeing) and the bathroom had a tub with a good shower head. We were on the better side of the hotel and this and the great room rate had a lot to do with our satisfaction with the room itself. There were extra perks that also added to our favorable opinions..a daily New York Times, the free coffee bar, and really terrific staff that always had a smile and were helpful and so pleasant. It was always a pleasure to go to breakfast or have a drink at the bar and chat with the staff . I am guessing that there must be a wide discrepancy with the queen and king rooms and that makes it more difficult to know what you are getting and adds to the mixed reviews seen here.	
Aug 20 2007 	Two nights were enough.	I was in the city with my son for ten days during July, so as to see which school he may be going to next year. Unfortunately, we were not given the type of room I had booked, which was guaranteed as with two beds. The hotel expected me to sleep in the same bed with my son for one night and then move to a room with two beds the next day. Unacceptable, for which I made a reservation at another hotel for a room with two beds. This one was located in times square, but I didn't mind, it was much cheaper.At the Shoreham, after sharing the bed with my son one night, we were given a room with one queen bed and a pull out sofa. I was so glad I had already made reservations somewhere else. The next morning we let the front desk know we were leaving because the rooms had not been acceptable, for which we were told by the front desk staff and their supervisor that for us not to pay for the 7 nights we would not be staying, they would have to confirm with the general manager. Furious I left them my cell phone number and still have gotten no reply. Neither have I been charged for the 7 nights we did not stay there, nor have I been given any sort of reimbursement for the 2 nights we spent in rooms that had not been what booked.	
Aug 14 2007 	Wonderful! Love this hotel....and the great staff!!!!!!!!!!	What a wonderful experience. My friend and I just came back from spending 3 nights here. The staff went above and beyond...especially Sorin. The room we'd booked was not ready when we arrived, so we were upgraded (at no additional charge) to a penthouse suite with a balcony and incredible view. The hotel is IMMACULATE!!!! Not a speck, not a spot, not a grain of dust anywhere. The food was wonderful...delicious and artfully presented. Every member of the staff was so helpful...the lounges were comfy...fresh orchids were everywhere (even in our bathroom)....shower was huge and had 5 shower heads...cushy slippers...lattes, coffee, and tea were free...we would go back in a heartbeat!!!! Truly a hidden gem in NYC!!!!	
Aug 9 2007 	So many better places to stay in NY for the money	10th anniversary - DH and I never had done anything this romantic (have 2 kids now) in a looooooong time. We are very easy-going, not snobs at all. Live in Westchester and decided that rather than spend the weekend flying somewhere exotic, we would enjoy NY as tourists do, nice hotel, good restaurants, broadway play. Shoreham offers the Spa package, but before booking I call and ask specifically if we can book the package but in a king superior room, but still get the spa package deal, with champagne, chocolates, some body scrubs or whatnot and spa treatment. 1st thing, they book us in the junior suite. nOT a king bed. Very uncomfortable for us, we are not obese, but not petite, and, the point is, I specifically requested the king. When I called the front desk I was robotically politely informed that there were no other rooms available and that I didn't want them anyway. No view. Shower ran water ALL over the floor (they should add a lip on the door to prevent this - should cost them all of 25 bucks.) Shower was awesome though (many heads in this suite) although I would have given them all up and the jacuzzi (I told them this when I called to book it in the first place) for the KING SIZED BED.) Free breakfast is continental, not the hot menu. Bar is nice, and bar staff was nice in the evening, snooty in the morning. Didn't get the chocolates or the bath spa stuff. the spa treatments were across the street at a nice little place, and very nice. SPoke to concierge? Hideki 4-5 times, first time when we were checking out, who promised me they would make all the above right by me, including the missing package items. He promised some female manager whose name escapes me would call. No call. I called many times. no call from the mystery woman. Also, WAS OVERCHARGED for the shoreham's valet parking at the lot next door. they charged me 145, and i was told 45/day. We were there for 1 1/2 days. Figure 75 tops, right? Recieved a tiny box of Lindt truffles and 45$ back for the parking, and never heard from them again. If they respond to this review, just know that they are just a mill, hoping most people won't complain, but AvOID THE SPECIAL PACKAGE. IT'S JUST A ROOM IN NEW YORK CITY. Next year we are spending only a little more and going to spend the weekend at the Ritz Carlton Battery Park which is LOVELY and similarly priced. Oh well, 11th anniversaries are just as special, right????	
Jul 20 2007 	Great Hotel	The hotel was in a great location, just walking distance from the theatres. The staff was friendly and there was free water, champaigne, coffee, and hot chocolate. The hotel was very clean with a modern decor feel to it. This hotel can be for anyone.	
Jul 18 2007 	Great Room Service Bait and Switch room placement	I really wanted to enjoy my experience at the Shoreham.Highlights:Great location near 5th Ave Shopping, Excellent Bar and Delish Room Service. Good selection of inroom movies and Nice Flat Screen TV.Drawbacks Had to seperate reservations and when I called ahead to sync them up I was told I was being comped the better room and turned out I was given the less valuable room.Also sheets are uncomfortable and internet wireless DID NOT WORK.Everytime I called for help I was told no one could help.This is disappointing when the Hotel touts itself as internet/Tech savvy !	
Jul 16 2007 	Less than I expected	On the plus side, the bed was fantastic and the staff was very nice. Unfortunately, however, we found the Shoreham Hotel disappointing. Our very small room faced a little dingy light well with a very loud air conditioner compressor at the center. The lobby, like our room, is decorated with cheap but stylish furniture. Our room on the 6th floor felt dark and noisy.On the day we arrived, the hotel was overbooked and they were unable to give out any rooms when we arrived early. We gave them our credit card and left our luggage, with the assurance that our room would be ready when we returned. Unfortunately, there were still no rooms available at 4:30 and the clerk again explained that they were overbooked. I pointed out that we had already checked in many hours ago and asked him to think more innovatively about giving us a room. As a result, we were upgraded to a larger room.	
Jul 16 2007 	great stay	This was a great hotel. We stayed there 4 nights and room was always back to new when we arrived back everyday. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The room had a great layout and the bed is very comfortable. Our bathroom was small but how much time do you really spend in there. If you do want a bigger bathroom than I would suggest you ask for it since they have many different room layouts. Also, the free coffee/hot chocolate/expresso machine was GREAT. Loved the free WiFi as well. We will be staying there again.	
Jul 11 2007 	Good centrally located hotel but not 4 star	Spent 4th of July weekend at the Shoreham after winning bid on Priceline.com. Priceline categorized this hotel as 4 stars but small room with one queen size bed and shower without bath tub would, in mymind, disqualify it from 4 stars and put it closer to a good 3 star hotel. The view from 4th floor window was facade of adjoining building. Having said this, the Shoreham was the first hotel I ever stayed where I was offered champaign during check-in process.Location is great particularly if you want to avoid the havoc of Times Square area. The bedding was extremely comfortable, air conditioning worked great and the room was very quiet. Courtesy coffee/capacino/cocao bar and bottled water along with great TV were nice touches. In summary, the Shoreham surpasses the many other similarly priced hotels I've stayed in during frequent NYC visits.	
Jun 28 2007	"Okay" is as far as I can go.	OK is as far as I can go, although my brother thinks otherwise.The best experience at the hotel was the check in, after midnight. So fast it was amazing, perfect after a long flight.Well, that was it, because we get to the room and it has only one small bed, obviously not what we had booked. We decided to simply show up at the lobby in the morning, so I go to take a shower and my brother is already trying to sleep. I happen to pay attention to the water which is draining towards the bathroom floor but I think nothing of it. Unfortunately, the water got all the way from the shower, onto the bathroom floor and then to the room’s carpet. I had to use a few extra towels to dry out the carpet and the bathroom floor, of course by now my brother was helping me, I had already made too much noise and that room was, to put it in a nutshell, a &quot;tiny walnut&quot;. The next morning when we are heading for the elevator, we run into someone who seemed to work at the hotel . He was a handyman and he already knew about this specific issue in this specific room. Now there was no question about it, we needed a room change. Not only two beds, but please a bathroom that does not drain onto the bedroom.Luckily Daphe, the reason for this review, took care of us immediately. She asked us just two questions and said she was setting things up, so we tell her that we would like to talk to a manager, to which she nodded as making a call and continuing to work. She said that the manager would be with us shortly and that our new room would be ready in less than 10 minutes, so we decided to wait at the lobby, which by the way has very low seats. After about five minutes Daphe calls us to the desk. As we are standing up she gets interrupted by another phone call.At this point, out of the clear blue sky, a person who introduced himself as Ireki, while handing us a card, let us know that the general manager was not available. I was about to let him know that we were not in a rush, specially given the fact that our new room may now be ready, but he did not seem to know this. He started telling us how sorry he was about the incident and how this never happens, contrary to what the handyman had told us a few minutes before. I decided not to make him feel uncomfortable and I simply ask to leave a message for the general manager, which I did. I then try to go back to Daphe but I got once again awkwardly approached by Ireki who was asking for a confirmation of my booking, which I had already shown to her. At this time Daphe, who was still on the phone, hands me a new set of keys and waves to the bellman. Ireki was now in silence. Our bellman, Zaty, helped us go from the tiny walnut to a two beds real size room, he was ever so kind.After our few nights at the shoreham I must admit that I was impressed by the level of cleanliness and the professionalism of Daphe and Zaty, but we did not get a call back from neither Ireki, apparently the head concierge, nor the general manager.Daphe saved our trip, we asked for her upon leaving, but she was not around. We did not feel comfortable leaving a tip for her during our check out, they seemed to be very busy and somewhat disorganized during that sunday morning.All in all cool bar and bartenders, the entire lobby is all white and marble, extremely minimalist. The flower arrangements were very sophisticated and chic, although they did not match the cheap looking, low seats at the lobby. Also, the coffee machine that is literally two steps away from three public restrooms, definitively not a good choice for location. The Hallways on the floors were not air conditioned, neither were the elevators, extremely hot. Room type booked was not at all what we were given. Very clean rooms, excellent location, good rooms with two beds, tiny rooms with one bed, some showers leak onto the bedroom, no discounts nor amenities given nor offered, no answer from management, so thank God for Daphe.	
Jun 24 2007 	Nice hip hotel in a great location!	We just returned from our weekend at The Shoreham and we were quite pleased with the hotel and our room. Not sure what the person who wrote his review on June 22 is complaining about, but the hotel is just fine. The room was a bit on the small side and I've never been in a &quot;queen&quot; bed that was that small. But the furnishings were nice, the cappuccino machine in the lobby was a nice touch, and all in all this was a nice place to stay. The front desk staff were mostly helpful although they had this quirky way of seeing someone approaching the front desk and then quickly occupying themselves with something else or making a phone call ... not the best customer service but not the worst either. Flat panel TV in the room and Bose stereo were also nice touches. Some things we didn't like: the bathroom door didn't close, the hinge was broken; windows to the outside world seemed like they'd never been washed on the outside; the phone in the room was not working correctly and we didn't get our requested wake-up call on the first day.	
Jun 22 2007	Don't Stay Here!	Just got back from New York. We stayed 5 nights at the Shoreham (first time and the last time). It was the worst experience I've ever had at a hotel. We booked a suite and the room was really tiny. The staff was not helpful in any way and they seemed very inexperienced. I could go on and on - my list of what's wrong with this hotel is extensive. Only good thing going for the hotel is the location. Trust me, you can do much better elsewhere	
Jun 11 2007 	Cool hip spot.	Perfect spot....just down the block from the Peninsula and around the corner from Trump Tower. Was in town for the Cotto-Judah fight at MSG and to get a clean room from 299 just off 5th Avenue is a deal. Was even lucky enough to get street parking just outside the hotel for my rental because I got back from MSG late. Rooms are small but shower looked brand new and nice LG flat screen. Can't see why anyone would flame this joint.....	
Jun 1 2007 	Was a great central hotel!	Myself and my boyfriend visited NYC in April and I had spent hours researching hotels to stay in after hearing that expensive and tiny rooms were common in the city. I chose The Shoreham, as for a central boutique hotel it seemed like a good value deal, and I got a great deal with a small London-based independent travel agency, much better prices than the website or expedia. My tip is to search around for web prices, they are drastically different!Once we'd arived at the hotel, we were given our room by helpful and friendly staff (I'd read they were very unhelpful). We had the lowest priced double, but it was not as small as I'd imagined and had a large double, very comfy bed, huge flat screen TV and en-suite with huge and very powerful shower. Very simple but stylish and had everything we needed for a city break and base.Also, we really liked the bar, which was small but perfectly formed with gorgeous cocktails. We didn't try the food but the bar menu seemed nice too.When we left we had an evening flight and were worried about leaving our luggage but the staff obviously get this a lot and have a designated room that you can leave your luggage in for no extra cost.Just don't drink anything from mini bar - extortionate for a water!I'd conclude that this hotel is a good all-rounder, excellent location and well worth it if you get a good deal.	
May 31 2007 	Tremendously improved!	A year or two ago, I submitted a review of the Shoreham that was not very complimentary. The place had grown shabby, noisy and threadbare. Now, I'm happy to report the Shoreham has made a terrific recovery.I believe all of its rooms have been thoroughly overhauled and updated. Its capacity has more than doubled with the addition of a new west wing. And, although still pricey by national standards, the Shoreham - for its location and amenities - is an upscale bargain in midtown Manhattan.I've stayed in a lot of different rooms since the remodeling, and they are all more or less stylistically similar: neutral beige walls offset by mildly tufted, patterened, sea-green fabric wall panels. Furnishings and wall decorations are blonde wood with simple, modern lines. The beds are high and very comfortable, with a generous array of pillows. Lighting is minimal, but all dimmer-controlled, and the room can go from bright and cheery to shadowy and romantic. Here too are thoughtful touches such as individual reading pin spots over the bed, and headboard lighting controlled from bedside.Each room is equipped with a nice LG flatscreen TV, with a remote that actually lets you adjust the screen dimensions so that regular broadcasts aren't elongated and weird-looking; the Shoreham is the only hotel I've ever found that gives you that option. My only problems with the TV are 1) a limited selection of channels, and 2) no in-house movies or games. There's also a Bose clock radio/CD player with a remote, a couple of phones, and a generous number of well-placed wall outlets. Wireless internet is free, fast, and easy to use. There are two free computers and a printer near the lobby on the ground floor, which seem to be busy all the time. Each room has a little refrigerator stocked with costly little sweets and drinks.I've not checked out the fitness center, but from the literature it appears to be well-equipped and available around the clock. There's a decent food and snack menu available 24 hours, and a convenient (if pricey) valet car service at the front door.Although not quite a &quot;scene,&quot; the Shoreham Bar is colorful and comfortable in a futuristic way, sort of like The Jetsons' rec room. The location - around the corner from the heart of Fifth Avenue shopping and touristing - is a huge asset. You are within easy walking distance of great restaurants, the subway, buses, Madison Ave. businesses, and Central Park. You can walk across the street to rub shoulders with celebs and the rich at the Peninsula's bar, or head a block south to attend that conference at the Hilton. If you must, Times Square is ten short blocks away (although why you would remains a mystery to me). While not exactly bustling with activity at night, this Sixth Avenue neighborhood - once a ghost town after dark - is slowly coming into its own, with a number of comfy bars, late-serving restaurants, a Starbucks and a few expensive convenience stores. On warm summer evenings, the post-theater tourists and local happy-hour lollygaggers mingle to create a diverse street scene.My only quibbles: many rooms are spacious by New York standards (and especially by comparison to the dinky broom-closet rooms at the Hudson or the Paramount), but the bathrooms are so small they look like they were designed for the Space Shuttle. Forget about two of you in there, just one of you at a time, and even then you'll be bumping into the walls. The multiple-nozzle shower is cool, but its cubicle so tiny that it's hard to keep the showerhead from spilling over onto the bathroom floor. This is a major flaw in the redesign, especially when the bedroom has enough floor space to hold a square dance.Also, after throwing all that money at the hotel's re-do, would someone at the Shoreham please please PLEASE wake up and equip each room with a full-sized ironing board? The little desktop doohickey they provide is a royal p.i.t.a. to use!All around, the Shoreham is an attractive, comfortable and convenient stay at a reasonable price (price depending on the season, as with all NYC hotels). Look for online bargains, or call and haggle, there seems to be quite a bit of wiggle room in their rates.	
May 30 2007 	Ticked All The Boxes	Myself and a friend shared a room here for 4 nights, and as this was my first trip to NYC, a NYC-based colleague recommended this hotel. This is a contemporary hotel, with decent size (and spotlessly-clean) rooms, and very friendly and helpful staff. Sitatued close to Central Park (and even closer to 5th Ave.) but without the noise. The bathroom was a little small (especially for two girls) but the beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept in! I recommend a cocktail from the bar (the meals are prettty good too) before a night out, and will definately be staying here again!	
May 18 2007 	Good value and great location	Booked the hotel on Travelocity. Advertised as a four star hotel tho I'm not sure it quite rates that way. I would put it at a 3.5. Rooms are small as indicated by other reviewers, however, they are clean, modern and well laid out. Bathroom was tiny but never felt that way. We had a two bedroom suite. Two parents, two kids. Perfect for a family tho parents should note that the bedrooms have no doors. TV's are modern HDTV flat screen wall mounts. No pay per view but full cable. Staff was helpful. There is no concierge per se but the front desk staff were very knowledgeable and helped with reservations, etc. Room service was lightning quick. Food was pretty good for the one meal we ate in the room. No ice machine but no charge for room service delivery. What would bring me back to this hotel is the location. Two blocks south of Central Park South. What more can you say?	
May 6 2007 	great location and good service	I had some problems with my credit card, but the receptionist were quite friendly and very helpful. As I hadn't booked a room and as it was the first weekend of the Tribeca Film Festival, it was so hard to get a hotel room. So I was quite desperate when my credit card didn't work. But at the end everything went well and the staff was so patient. This hotels is small, but very fine and modern. The interior is trendy and the room is very clean. Though the restaurant and the bar looked great, I didn't checked it out.I paid 299$ per night for a single room, expensive, but still a good price. Because it's just located at the fifth avenue and the Central Park. I couldn't find a better located hotel. Furthermore, the doorman was so kind and obliging. I definitely would go there again.	
May 1 2007	Great Hotel in convienient location	While we initially had some trouble with the check-in process and some quips with the front staff, the hotel was overall very nice. We booked our trip through TravelZoo at $199/night rate for the weekend and also stayed our 1st night through their MOMA package. While we were supposed to get early 12PM check-in with the MOMA package, we were told at 2:45 when we arrived, that our room was not ready. As far as the early check-in, I was told, &quot;We have no record of that. Your room is not available.&quot; After coming back after 3PM, it appeared the initial front staff person had no clue what she was doing while the other people in the front staff did.Our room was the standard queen room. It was very clean and an okay size for NYC standards. The bathroom had a pretty large shower which they could have probably made smaller and made the rest of the bathroom bigger. The bed was very comfortable. The room was extremely quiet although part of that had to do with the fact that we were on the 9th floor not facing the street. The room had a mounted plasma. The only complaint was that the A/C was very cold and the vents pointed at the bed. Since the room is smallish, it would tend to get stuffy if the air wasn't on, but when the air was on, it was freezing cold. Keeping the fan on (without the A/C) helped with the problem but then made the room somewhat noisy.We got free continental breakfast one morning with our MOMA package which was very nice. However, we discovered on check-out that we got charged for the breakfast. The front-desk was polite and took off the charges.The hotel is located just off of 5th ave next to all of the fancy shops. It is 1/2 block from a subway station (F line) or about 2 1/2 blocks from 2 other subway stations with more line choices. It's also close to a small supermarket and drug store.For $199/night, this was definitely worth it.	
Apr 23 2007	Great location cool style hotel	As usual I searched for the Shoreham Hotel in Tripadvisor.com. When I got there I was gladly pleaced. The location could not be better. Just 3 blocks from Central park. Just a few feet from the Hotel Peninsula. The room was the size that one can expect from a hotel room in a mayor city. The interior design of the rooms and public areas was very nice and modern, and the staff friendly. There are two or more metro stations nearby as well. Overall, I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 18 2007 	Very positive experience	Overall I was very pleased with my stay at the Shoreham. I booked a &quot;Superior Queen&quot; room that I got for $199/night via a special advertised from Travelzoo.com. As others have noted, the room was a bit cramped, but that is not unusual for hotels of this class and price range. It was very efficiently configured, and the condition of the room was excellent with a flat screen TV, high quality linens, tasteful decor and a spacious bathroom. The room was also very quiet given it's interior location. There was one small window that looked out to an interior air shaft and the adjacent rooms resulting in an unappealing view. Fortunately, the HVAC worked very well, so I just left the curtains drawn. I did not use any of the hotel ammenties other than the free wireless internet in the rooms (easy to connect), and the free latte machine in the lobby, but the bar looked quite pleasant and seemed active in the evenings. There is also a very small business center and fitness room, but they both appeared to be in good condition. Given the convenient location and quality of the accomodations, I would recommend this hotel as a good value.	
Apr 9 2007	small roomgreat location	I was surprised @ smallness of room,tho' it was fine for my 18 yr.old &amp; myself(we're not big)as we didn't intend to spend much time in room. The location was perfect:close to all 5th Ave. has to offer;proximity to MOMA,Central Park,and subways ,theater-all within walking distance.The bathroom was large;wonderful shower! but the best surprise? it was so quiet! we were able to sleep soundly(no street noise,no hallway noise).The staff was friendly,and helpful(I was able to store luggage;they got a taxi for me when it was raining;told me subway i needed to take).It seems like a great place for 20-30 -somethings for romantic getaway(the bar/lounge very modern).	
Apr 3 2007 	Thoroughly recommended!	I stayed at the Shoreham with my mum at the end of March, and it exceeded all expectations. We were originally booked in a smallish room (but with a kingsize bed) with a shower - we asked for one with a bath and were immediately moved to a large one with a tub and with an electronic massage chair thrown in - bliss! We found all the staff to be incredibly helpful, especially Daphne on the main desk. The beds are as comfortable as everyone says, and the rooms are serviced every day with new bed linen and towels, and were always spotlessly clean. The breakfast is very good if a bit pricey. The free drinks machine comes is great, as is the gym and the internet access. Whole hotel is very trendy and modern and has a really great feel to it, and the location can't be beaten. If you're looking for a hip, urban, boutique hotel experience in the heart of the city, the Shoreham really is the place to go.	
Mar 31 2007 	I would repeat it!!!	After checking that hotels in NY were very expensive and most of them are deteriorated by the use, we were very careful to choose the perfect one.After staying 5 night in The Shoreham, we are very happy for the chosen one. At the first sight, you can't imagine how good it is because the entrance is not very spectacular. Nevertheless as you are entering the hotel, the atmosphere is very modern, not as many hotels in NY.The room was as modern as the entrance. The furniture was very smart and there was a huge plasma screen TV hung up in the wall. The staff was very friendly, not as it is supposed in NY. And the rooms, as they're not huge, are fine.If that's not enough, there are 2 things that I haven't seen in many hotels. Near the hall, there are 2 computers in which you can surf in Internet free!!! That's awesome if you are far away from home. And the second one is that there's a free coffee machine you can have free coffees and hot chocolates. And they are quite good.I would recommend this hotel to every people who wants to stay in NY. For me it was perfect.	
Mar 29 2007 	Fantastic Experience!	This hotel exceeded our expectations! We did have a king room which is bigger than the queen rooms. The beds were wonderful and plenty of room for a NYC hotel. The location was perfect and many excellent restaurants within a couple of blocks. The 52 inch flatscreen TV was great for catching the March Madness games. Our deal on [--] included the ($16.00) excellent buffet continental breakfast. We really received an excellent deal! The staff was friendly and very helpful. There were some mistakes on our bill and they were taken care of immediately. I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Mar 17 2007	Cooked alive!	The hotel is beautiful, and the rooms are small, but very well thought out. However, there is an &quot;A&quot; side to this hotel and a &quot;B&quot; side. The &quot;B's&quot; get cramped hallways, rooms impossibly close to the clanking elevator and temperature controls that don't work, unless you want high heat. I had 2 rooms in 2 days in &quot;B&quot; and each time the temperature was the same; boiling and not adjustable. The A side is quieter and cooler. I stumbled upon this side by accident.	
Mar 8 2007 	Great Hotel In Mid Town	This is a great mid town hotel. The rooms are very comfortable, the beds are to die for, the price is right and you're in the middle of everything.Ask for a king room, it's only a few more dollars and it's much bigger than the standard.The lobby bar is very cool, too.	
Mar 1 2007 	Overall a good hotel	I got a great deal at the Shoreham through Travelzoo, we paid $249 with free breakfast for two for a Queen Deluxe room. I understand the standard rooms are tiny so this was a step up. The room was a decent size, had a plasma TV on the wall, nice bathroom with a desk. The lighting was all track lights on dimmers which was hard to figure out which switchs controlled which lights, but no big deal.We did have a window but it overlooked another brick building so no view. We also did not get a glass of champagne at check in and, I think this is VERY important, they take a deposit of $800 for 2 nights at check in! I almost made the mistake of using my bank card which would have held up $800 of my money. I used my credit card instead but it wouldn't go through at first because it was such a large transaction. They put through 2 charges of $400 and it was fine.Location is IDEAL. Central park is a few blocks away and 5th avenue shopping is right around the corner. Times Square was kind of a long walk, I was in heels, but we were able to do it no problem. Breakfast was just okay, muffins, bagels, pastries and juice/coffee. It is normally $16 so I would not have paid but we got it for free so it was fine. The coffee/espresso machine is awesome! Delicious drinks and free.Overall I would recommend this to a budget concious traveler who is looking for a nice, clean hotel. If you can get the travelzoo deal evern better! Go a room size up and get the deluxe queen, and I would ask not to be next to the elevator as we were, kind of noisy. Location cannot be beat! Staff very friendly as well.	
Feb 20 2007	Comfortvalue and a few extras	Our daughter goes to school in New York so whenever we go to visit we check out different hotels, hoping to find that perfect spot.This time we stayed at the Shoreham, whose location on 55th between 5th and 6th is close enough to be able to run in Central Park, and is just down the street from the posher St. Regis and Peninsula.Overall it was a good experience. Front desk staff were efficient and welcoming and our rooms (we treated our daughter to a break from dorm life) were clean and comfortable. Our executive King even came with a terrace - too bad the weather was freezing! Our winter special rate included a buffet breakfast with lots of delicious fresh fruit, granola and pastries. The Aveda bath products were very pleasant - there was face and body cleanser as well as the usual shampoo, conditioner and moisturizer. Free internet access and a large flat screen TV were much appreciated.I would definitely recommend the Shoreham for budget minded travellers who enjoy a touch of luxury.	
Feb 12 2007 	Average stay at Shoreham - unhelpful concierge	This hotel is average, there are definitely better hotels in NYC for the same price. Very small room with worn carpet. Flat screen TV was nice. Rooms need to be freshened up. Concierge said he would be glad to provide any assistance needed, then when we called and asked him to make us a dinner reservation he said he would and then never called back. Make sure you get free breakfast included in your rate. Good location. Located at 33 W 55th St, NY, NY 10019	
Jan 31 2007 	Shoreham staff great!	I recently stayed at the Shoreham Hotel, and I must say, all those rumours about New Yorkers being rude are entirley and completely false! I hd a wonderful time! The front desk staff was incredibly wecolming and friendly and made me feel at home from the moment i walked in the door. Scott and Ellie are a comedic duo worthy of Broadway! Their cheerful demeanors kept me entertained whenever I passed through the lobby. The hotel was clean, stylish and full of fun amenities like the endless supply of lattes. It's location is cenral to many attractions including Time's Square and Rockefeller Center. Overall, I ad a lovely experience, though be advised, the rooms are tiny and there isn't enough counter space in the bathrooms. (clearly designed by a man without hair products!)	
Jan 27 2007 	Great location	My husband and I stayed at the Shoreham between Christmas and New Year's, and we were pleased at such a nice hotel for a decent price. The rooms were small but were really clean and decorated in &quot;hip&quot; fabrics and decor. I really liked the Bose radio and the modern touches. One especially nice feature was the hot beverage bar downstairs with complimentary drinks. We never left without a drink in our hands. The location is great; it's situated between 5th and 6th, only a few minutes walk from Central Park or Rockefeller Center. We never ate in the restaurant since there was a cute French restaurant across the street and Klein's grocery just around the corner on 6th Avenue. There are bigger, fancier hotels if you want to pay the extra money, but I'd definitely stay here again.	
Jan 22 2007	Not a good experience	Check in went smoothly. Got there late. The room was an upgrade because I read that the rooms were small. They were. The size of the room didn't bother me, and it seemed clean and modern. The shower was nice. The bathroom was quite small.The bad part was the bed. The mattress was very uncomfortable and offered no support at all. We asked for a change of room and they were nice about it and moved us 2 floors directly above where we were. The mattress in the new room was a bit better but not great. We were disappointed. Also in the middle of the night (about 3:45AM) we were awakened by blasting music , either in the hall or next door. I called the front desk and they sent someone up to take care of it. Another problem was the in-room heat temperature - the controls were not functional so the room was quite cold. We requested a late checkout (1 hour), and were told they had &quot;no more late check outs left' Overall not a great experience - I will not go back.	
Jan 8 2007 	good hotel	We spent 4 days at the Shoreham just before New Year's Eve. We were 2 couples and they booked a Superior King room and a Deluxe Executive King for us because we were afraid of the size of the rooms after reading several comments. The one of our friends was nice, not too small with a big bathroom. But we were very disappointed with ours when we checked-in. We were expected a large room and it was just a little bit bigger, but the shower room (no bath) was so tiny we couldn't move, neither put our toilet bags. Actually they used a part of the bathroom to get a bigger room. What's more it was on the street, so very noisy because it is very badly soundproofed. The difference of price (about 200$ more per night) wasn't justify. So we asked for the same category of room as our friends. They agreed and gave us a Superior King room with a huge bathroom.Good points: the bed and the sheets are excellent. Nice decoration with smooth colors. The room is very clean except a stain on the carpet . Wifi access in the room, good breakfast, coffee and tea bar available all the time. We asked for a plug adaptor we got immediately. Negative points : the heater is very noisy. The customers are not very young, for a boutique hotel. We use to go in 5 stars hotels all around the world (Four Seasons, Mandarin Oriental, Amanresorts...) and we have a lot of expectations. This hotel is an excellent value in New york for the 280$ we paid per night (they had an amazing promotional rate for this period) with a fantastic location.	
Jan 5 2007	Excellent Hotel	Stayed in this amazing hotel in Nov 2006. Booked a one bedroom delux apartment and it was amazing. We were weclomed with a glass of Champagne or water. The room exceeded our expectations and the bed had to have been the most comfortable hotel bed we have ever slept in. The best bit was the &quot;ijoy&quot; massage chair....just what one needed after a days shopping in Fifth Avenue!!! Highly recommended hotel!	
Jan 3 2007 	Comfy room and great location.	Both my Girlfriend and I wanted to see the New Year in NYC but having never been to NY, were not sure where to go. We ended up booking Shoreham hotel due to the price and the location of the hotel. We arrived at the hotel at 11.30pm on the 28/12 and although the woman doing the check in was not the most friendly, the service was quick and efficient which you want at that time of night and after a long flight. The hotel itself is small, yet I was impressed with the services it offers such as gym, free coffee and a very nice bar. We had booked a superior queen room, which I thought was great although maybe a tiny bit small. The bathroom didn’t have a bath, but instead had a huge shower, which had enough room for two people easily. The bed was fantastic and really comfy, great after a long day in the city and the flat screen TV was a nice addition.The location of the hotel is awesome, between 5th and 6th avenue and not that far from central park or Times Square. A Subway station is only around the corner, which makes the city easily reachable. Just a word of caution, the subway compared to the underground in London is a bit confusing, however get a free map and it does help.I would recommend this hotel for anyone who wants to visit the city on a short break and visiting NYC sites is a must for everyone.	
Jan 1 2007 	Shoreham - like a crab in a shell	When we arrived at the hotel at 4:30pm, our room was not ready and we were assured of an upgrade. The upgraded room was slightly larger than the cells at Alcatraz. The window was in the corner of the room and was tiny, which in particular made the room feel claustrophobic. The bathroom had no shelves or hooks (you had to close the toilet top to have a place to put your shaving kit). The closet was about the size of a phone booth (if you're old enough to remember what the size of those are). The staff had a bit of an attitude (like they were doing you a favor). There were some pros: the bed was comfortable and there was free wireless internet access. Walking distance to Saks, Bergdorf, St. Patricks.	
Dec 19 2006 	Perfect hotel for an NYC weekend	This was my second stay at the Shoreham. I was excited to see the renovations I had read about. To be honest, there wasn't that much of a change in my opinion. The rooms just looked fresher. There was no plasma TV hanging on the wall in my room and if there was a minifrig, I sure couldn't find it. Oh, and I really wish they would put a note on the bottled water telling you that it costs $5! But other than that, you can't beat the location if you are there to shop! Two blocks from Bergdorf's.The staff was pleasant, but did not go out of their way. I'm pretty low-maintenence anyway.Bottom line, I wouldn't pay rack rate, but if I can get a deal through hotels(-), etc., I would definitely stay here again!	
Dec 18 2006 	Fake	Just back from New York and decided to write a review about the Shoreham. (Stayed Dec 13-14). I did not know that the term “boutique” was synonymous with garbage. This hotel is a joke! The best part of the hotel is their web site which they effectively lure people in with their trendy look and feel but do not be fooled! Behind the façade is an overpriced scam! We were very disappointed in the size of the room, particularly for the price they charge, but more infuriating was the response from the front desk when I went down to see them. They make you feel like a piece of (-) just for asking about getting another room. By the way I was not the only one, every time I walked past the front desk someone was complaining about the rooms. The rooms are manageable for one night but we were staying 5 nights and it is simply not practicable.Yes I was disappointed in the room size and the price, but the number one complaint was the front desk service. None of them seemed to be able to deal with the situation and the only alternative I was given was to upgrade for 200$ a night. How did I deal with the situation?I went on Trip Advisor, found a hotel called Dreams jut 2 blocks away on 55th closer to 7th ave and 200$ a night cheaper, walked 2 blocks west, up to the front desk and got a reservation for the last 3 nights. Walked back to the Shoreham and asked for my bill and told them I was checking out. True to form, the front desk girl, whom I had never seen before, looked down at the computer, printed the bill, did not ask why I was leaving 3 days early, did not asked how was my stay and did not even thank me.Packed my luggage and walked over to the Dream, a true boutique hotel where they actually seem to care that you are a customer. Avoid this pretentious joke of a hotel.	
Dec 5 2006	Mixed Feelings about the Shoreham	We recently stayed at the Shoreham for a weekend. They werefully booked with the Christmas Holiday Rush and the Shoe Show PRO:Very nice staff. Check in very pleasant. Had to wait until 3 o'clock, but they stored luggage. Bar area very nice and was always busy.. Bed very comfortable-Shower good pressureConvenient location to FIfth Avenue.NEGATIVESRoom size- extremely small-and we were told we had thelargest room in the Superior category. Bathroom stark and no hooks anywhere to hang towels. It was smaller than anycruise ship room in the lowest category!! It seemed as if theysliced two rooms in half. Carpet quite dirty too.Smoke was pouring through the vents from people smoking in non-smoking part of hotel. Really made our last night not pleasant at all.Not sure if we would go back, cannot beat location but roomsize was really too small. Might be okay for single businesstraveler. We did not want to go back to the room to relax atall since it was so cramped. We had a fun weekend, buthave loved other hotels.	
Nov 24 2006 	Can't wait to go back	Would I pay the regular price to stay here? No. But considering the $199 a night I paid, which included daily breakfast, I would definitely stay at the Shoreham again. The front desk was fast, efficient, and friendly. The room was clean, modern, and very comfy. I stayed in a queen deluxe room - perfect for two people. The bathroom wasn't all that big but the shower made up for it. I loved the shower head. What makes this place special are the little touches - the Aveda products, the complimentary trendy magazines, the 24 hour espresso machine, 300 count sheets, flat screen tv. An even bigger plus to this hotel is the location. It's near so much. The only time I didn't walk and used the subway was when I ventured to Soho and Chinatown. Other than that, everything I needed was within walking distance. I can't wait to return!!!	
Nov 14 2006 	Cool and trendy hotel in great location	We only stayed at this hotel for one night but would definitely stay there again. We booked a deluxe one bed suite on Priceline (excellent rate) and, having heard about NY hotel rooms, were surprised at how spacious it was. The bathroom is tiny with no separate shower. The bed is outstandingly comfortable. We enjoyed the free internet access downstairs and loved the overall design and feel of the place. Contemporary, yet friendly and welcoming. The bar area is great for a pre dinner drink, not too crowded on a Wed night but with a nice buzz. Our room was on the street (6th floor) but the noise was not a problem for us. One tip re airport transfer: leave ample time! Our taxi took over 2 hrs to get to JFK from the Shoreham and we missed our flight to London. We were advised (not by the hotel) that it would take 45mins so we left an hour and a half to be on the safe side. A combination of rush hour and a protest demonstration in Manhattan counted against us, so be warned!	
Nov 8 2006 	Absolutely wonderful	The hotel was wonderful, room was splendid, service was unbelievable and the location was perfect. We could not have made a better choice of hotel. We enjoyed every moment of our stay.	
Nov 1 2006 	Great Location and Amenities	Great location, and the complimentary breakfast (if included in your package deal) can't be beat: fresh fruit, bagels, scones, granola and yogurt. The 24-hour espresso/tea station was great, too. My only complaint: the bathroom was cramped and not super convenient. The toilet paper holder was next to the toilet flush handle (awkward to find when seated), there weren't enough towel and robe hooks for two people, there was no fan and the bathroom door was about one foot away from the bed (no privacy!). The bed was comfortable and the t.v./radio, etc. was a nice touch. Plus it smelled like bacon when you opened the window (I love bacon!). No view (room overlooked an alley), but that didn't matter to me at all. We received complimentary glasses of champagne upon check-in.	
Oct 30 2006 	What u see is what u get	My husband &amp; I from Australia stayed for 3 nights first then went on a cruise then came back for 1 night. On our 3 nights stayed in Penthouse (HUGE) on 11th floor room was very nice clean, with 2 plasma TV, Queen bed &amp; shower was wonderful (Full Massage feature) in shower, but view terrible so didnt open blinds. On our second stay on 6th floor facing street, room was just as beautiful (HUGE) this time King bed, massage chair (fantastic) in lounge 2 plasma TV just as room shows in homepage of suite in Shoreham website, but with no massage shower this room but had a bath (bathrooms small) but it was very, very noisy &amp; could not sleep. Staff very helpful, food good has room service &amp; breakfast in bar room, gym available &amp; free coffee &amp; tea in lobby. Hotel has minimilist features &amp; very contemporary design. I was very happy with stay &amp; value for money (but don't stay in front rooms!!) &amp; Lift is small but for us that was ok. Very central to everything in NYC. Would definately stay again.	
Oct 18 2006 	Great Little Boutique HotelGreat Location	We spent 3 nights here recently. The room Queen Superior was very nice. The window faced the street on the 2nd floor and was very noisy during the night, so we requested a room change for the next 2 nights. No problem, we were moved to the 9th floor.The staff was always polite, the continental breakfast was included in our room rate (a special) otherwise I would recommend something less expensive as their are many diners around the hotel. The bar was very busy on Thursday, but quiet on the weekends. Nice restuarant 2 doors down. It was called La Vineria (it was a small Italian place, very good and not too pricey) as this is in a pretty expensive part of the city. Location was great for both the West and East sides and Central park. Our son, who lives in NYC, wanted to stay over one night as we got in late and he was coming back early the next morning. I called the front desk and got a rollaway bed. No extra charge (for the additional guest or the bed) which I thought was nice.I would stay here again if I wanted to be in this location.	
Oct 9 2006	Absolutely Wonderful	I visit New York quite a bit to see my daughter in the City and this hotel made this trip a real pleasure. My friend was meeting me and they made it particulaly easy for us to hook up. The front desk help were happy to help with anything you wanted while actually caring what it was that you wanted. I actually wanted to say Good bye to one of the clerks....now that does not happen too often in NYC. The room was small but not uncomfotably small and the flat screen TV and wine cooler and small refrigerator was quite a treat. Everything in the hotel was brand new, down to the faucets in the bathrooms which was kind of fun. The bathroom shower was actually huge...no bathtub though which was fine with us. The lobby was fun, the bar up front was open to the street and although we did not have drinks there at night, we did enjoy the continetal breakfast which had been included in our rate. The expresso machines in the lobby only put the icing on the cake since we could run down upon waking up and grab a cap to enjoy in the room with our New York Times which was delivered to our door even on SUNDAY!!! No pictures to share but all was very nice. I will always look for acceptable rates here when coming back to New York. Location easy to get to everything and there were restaurants on the block that were great when you were too tired to venture out any further at night. The Italian restaurant recommended by the front desk a couple doors to the East was one of the best up town restaurants I have been to and very reasonably priced, not cheap but not ridiculous. Not for families though, more a couples place with a good wine list. Anyone staying here will truly enjoy this hotel and the staff.	
Aug 31 2006 	Competent business hotel	I always stay here when I'm in NY on business, because I think it's the best hotel for the money in midtown (although the atmosphere is a bit sterile if you're on vacation). It couldn't be any more convenient for midtown shopping, it's clean and modern, and most of the staff are charming and helpful. They also do a pretty good breakfast.On the downside, the rooms are very small, there's no mini bar and people who prefer a bath to a shower will be disappointed (although I love the huge, white-tiled showers - much nicer than the usual cubicle), but if you've seen what else is available in the area for a similar price, you'll agree that The Shoreham is comfortably ahead of the competition.	
Aug 30 2006 	Great location contemporary 	I've just returned from a 5 night stay at the Shoreham - here are my thoughts:Location: Superb! On 55th Street between 5th and 6th so right in the centre of Manhattan and close to Central Park, Times Qquare, shopping etc etc, handy for everything.Hotel General: Trendy, modern, contemporary and boutique. The ground floor area is lovely, great bar and the free tea, coffee, hot chocolate machine in the foyer is a nice touch. The fitness room is great and there's free internet access. The bar makes this hotel (be warned though you won't get a drink past midnight). However when you get past the trendy ground floor you can see why this is a 3* - it's just a little rough round the edges, although nothing to complain about.Check In: My partner arrived before me at 3pm in the afternoon (after an 8 hour flight) and the room wasn't ready. When I arrived in at 11pm - check in was quick, and the free glass of champagne on arrival is a nice touch. However, I wasn't offered any help getting my bags taken to my room so struggled with a suitcase, laptop bag, handbag and glass in my hand as the reception staff stood by and watched. Staff: O.K but a little -- and could do with being more helpful! I say this for the following reasons: 1. Check in as detailed above. 2. The door to our room was left open by the cleaner one day (you could clearly see it was open) and when I told reception I didn't get much of a response or apology! 3. We were woken up at 3am in the morning by the fire alarm and had to climb down 4 flights of stairs on the external fire escape of the building in the early hours of the morning (in the dark and rain) - no staff were on hand to explain why and when the fire crew said we could go back to bed the staff member who had turned up could give no explanation. The same night 30 minutes later we were woken again 3.30am - forced to go down the external stairs (again in the dark and rain) and again no explanation. When I mentioned to the staff the next morning that some communication would be nice I was given just a blank stare and the guy shrugged his shoulders and looked at me blankly - he clearly didn't care! 4. At 12pm one evening I asked for a drink at the bar and was told they were closed up - I explained I was a resident and was told too bad. This place could do with some customer service training.Rooms: We had an 'exec' room - good size, clean and tidy and functional. The room did smell a little damp I thought and I think this is to do with the fact that the bathroom has no fan so the damp from the bathroom circulates round the room. But all in all great (although the cleaner did forget to leave the complementary Aveda toiletries one day)!Overall - if you get this one on deal and can avoid the staff then it's a good place to stay.	
Aug 29 2006	Great Location - Unique Modern Place	The hotel was very nice and very artsy! We stayed in a 2 bedroom room. It was a wonderful stay - beds were very comfortable. The shower was wonderful with 5 shower heads! Would definitely stay here again. The location was magnificent as well.	
Jul 31 2006 	Spectacular Shoreham	SPECTACULAR! That's a one word description of the Shoreham Hotel at 33 West 55th Street in the heart of New York City. Where should I begin? The spacious, immaculately clean rooms range from &quot;absolutely beautiful&quot; for a spacious, immaculately clean standard room to &quot;awesome&quot; for one of their magnificent Penthouse suites. How about the welcoming glass of wine handed to you at check-in where you are cordially ushered into the lush lounge while your luggage is swiftly delivered to your room. Or the slate and marble floors and suede wallpaper...Or the twenty-four hour complementary coffee, capuchino, expresso, tea, or hot chocolate...Or the exquisite newly decorated restaurant and cocktail lounge where residents meet in the evening...I could go on and on detailing all the magnificent aspects of this outstanding boutique gem of a hotel. I've saved the best for last...the UNBELIEVABLE friendly staff...each and every one of them as beautiful on the &quot;inside&quot; as they are on the outside. They will become &quot;family&quot; before you leave! The location can't be beat with access to everything needed for a memorable New York visit...theaters; restaurants; Rockefeller Plaza; Lincoln Center; Central Park; window shopping on Fifth Avenue; the Museum of Modern Art...You name it, you can walk to it! As a Convention Assistant, I am well aware what separates the &quot;mundane&quot; from the &quot;wow&quot; features in a hotel and, after two visits to the Shoreham, I would find it unthinkable to even consider a stay at any other New York hotel! The &quot;cherry on the cake&quot; are those in charge. Unlike every other hotel I've experienced, whether in America or Europe, Joseph Reyes, the General Manager, and Aaron Bozzi, the Assistant Manager, are visible and ready to assist you in every way imaginable! Trust me on this one...if you are headed for New York City, Make the Shoreham Hotel your destination...whether it's a business trip or a family vacation. This &quot;jewel&quot; will become, as it has for me, your &quot;home away from home&quot;! Jackie Singer, San Diego (Last stay-July '06)	
Jul 21 2006 	Awesome location!	My wife and I stayed here for our honeymoon, and I'm convinced this place is the best deal in NY. It was clean and comfortable, and has an incredible location for shopping and shows. This hotel shares the street with the St. Regis and The Penninsula hotels, so it's clear they're doing something right! It's a short walk to central park, times square and 5th Ave shopping. I think this is a prime area for a first time visit to NY. The only problem with this district is that there aren't many good restaurants in the area. The hotel itself is very stylish and trendy, and has incredible prices for what you get. Yes the room is small, but so is every room in NY. All in all a great place!	
Jul 8 2006	Wonderful Stay!	The room was perfect. Great location. Staff goes above and beyond. Skip the breakfast though, a little pricey. Very neat and clean. Unlimited access to latte machine downstairs and the newspaper was delivered everyday.	
Jul 3 2006	Mixed Bag	My wife and I sought a luxury hotel with a slightly lower price tag than the highest in the NY. The Shoreham's location is great for shopping and walking to theater. The staff is young, hip and tries hard, although a few looked too much like bouncers. Our suite had a decent sitting room with an uncomfortable sofa and a bizarre exercise chair that resembeld a Lazy-Boy. It did work. The bedroom was not good. There was only one end table by the bed. The cloest was tiny, but spacious compared to the bathroom. It couldn't have been more than 30 square feet. No room for toiletries or your feet. Impossibly claustraphobic. I guess you get what you pay for!	
Jun 13 2006 	Should Not Have to Sleep on Raw Mattress	This is a nice enough hotel in terms of lobby and decor. However, the bottom sheet and the mattress pad are under-sized and do not cover the entire bed. It is bad enough to have to sleep on the mattress pad but to also have to sleep on RAW, EXPOSED MATTRESS is simply disgusting. I hope they got a good deal on off-sized sheets because they did not get additional revenue from me as I checked out after one night.	
Jun 4 2006	Excellent!	The Shoreham is in an excellent location and convenient to great shopping, Central Park, Radio City and the subway. Impeccably clean, quiet and great service. The staff is very friendly and helpful, even offering you a glass of champagne or water upon arrival. We found the room to be larger than expected for a boutique hotel, and the bed was extremely comfortable. If you are looking for a modern, clean and quiet hotel that is understated trendy and hip, this is the place!	
May 29 2006	Great Stay	Ultra Clean BathroomQuiet 3rd Floor RoomClassy, Low Ego StaffGreat Location, yet quiet Street1/2 Block from Trump TowerSparkling Water upon Arrival	
May 18 2006	Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else	My wife and I booked a spa-tacular getaway package at the Shoreham Hotel for Mother's Day weekend. Despite the fact that this package included &quot;guaranteed 12 noon check-in,&quot; the desk clerk informed us that our room would not be ready until at least 3pm. That didn't work especially well with the spa treatments that we'd booked to begin at 3pm and threw the entire day's schedule into disarray. Clearly the Shoreham staff didn't especially care and viewed the situation as our problem, not theirs. Their solutions (we could hang out in the lobby, we could have a worse room than the one we booked) were pathetic. In the end, we chose to cut our losses and leave. Not sure what Shoreham management thinks &quot;guaranteed&quot; means. On behalf of my wife, thanks for a great Mother's Day Shoreham!	
May 15 2006	You can do better in Manhattan than the Shoreham	I booked a room for my parents this past weekend at the Shoreham and they were sorely disappointed. As former natives of New York and world travelers, they certainly know hotels. Their issues were numerous:1. Although advertised as a queen, the bed appeared to be far smaller than a traditional queen.2. The tub was so slippery (and no mat was supplied) that my father was afraid to take a shower.3. The air-conditioning was sub-par.4. After viewing the dinner menu online, they booked a reservation --only to find that the hotel, in fact, does not have a restaurant. They did not want to eat dinner in uncomfortable bar seating, and so went down the street to La Cote Basque and had a very enjoyable meal.For a stay of less than 24 hours, I find these issues to be unacceptable.	
May 1 2006	My New Favorite NYC Hotel	We just returned from a visit to NYC which included a stay at The Shoreham. We found the staff were not only professional but the most genuinely NICE personnel we've encountered. Our theater tickets were for the night we checked out so we asked about leaving our luggage. The general manager told us he still considered us to be guests of the hotel and invited us to leave our bags and return to use the hotel facilities before the show.Our large, tenth floor room was tastefully decorated in soothing shades of gray and white. Fresh lillies added warmth. The room was very quiet with lush bedding and a plasma tv but the best part was the shower with FIVE shower heads. No elevator wait was longer than one minute. A lovely breakfast buffet was included in the room rate.We will definitely return to The Shoreham and we highly recommend it.	
Apr 23 2006	Great Location	My boyfriend took me to NYC for my birthday weekend at the end of March and booked this hotel. The best thing aboiut this hotel is the location. You are blocks away from all the stores on 5th Avenue. The hotel is a modern boutique hotel. I have stayed in hotels all over NYC. This is an average hotel in terms of ambience. We booked this hotel via a special on travelzoo. It was less then $200 per night which was a steal for the location and the fact that it was NYC. Rooms are sized adequately for NYC. Bed was very comfy. Bathroom was a little cold in decor (felt like a prison cell) but the water temp and pressure was fine. Great hotel if you are just looking for a place to sleep in between seeing the sites of NYC. There are better hotels though......One big problem- parking was a rip off! We pulled in front to drop off our bags and the hotel bellman immediatly took the car to the Shoreham's off site lot. We were never given info about the cost of parking. (It pays to ask!!) The next day, they brought our car back and had charged us for 2 days because we arrived an hour before scheduled. Total was $90 for approx. 25 hours. You can park for much less if you park on you own!!	
Mar 29 2006 	Many small problems	I just got back from a week in NYC. Unfortunately, the Shoreham isn't what all the &quot;positive&quot; reviews described. Well it turned out to be a bit of a saga. We arrived and spent the first night literally rolling towards the middle of our queen bed. Needless to say, we didn't get much sleep. The bed was way too soft and actually showed quite a bit of wear. We were surprised because this is the first time we've experienced this in NYC. We try to go at least twice a year. We've stayed at the old Empire, Pierre, Barclay, Drake, to name a few, and never had any problem. The next day we asked to change room and were told on the phone that all the rooms were booked and the best they could do was to change or flip the mattress. Well, after they changed the mattress, we couldn't detect any difference. We then went directly to the front desk and asked to see what could be done. All of a sudden, 3 rooms came available! The first 2 rooms had the same problem----the beds sloped to the middle. I guess for one person it would have been okay but not for 2. Finally, we were offered a handicapped room with a king bed. Hooray, it was a firm bed that didn't show the same kind of wear. The rest of the room was okay. There were other small things that became bothersome especially if you want NOT to have to think about your hotel while vacationing. The bathroom door didn't close properly. The sink, faucets and toilet were so loose we were afraid they might come apart if we were not careful. On Sunday morning, we couldn't get the water warm enough for our shower. The bottom sheet for 2 days were too small and kept bunching up during the night. We knew there wasn't going to be a coffee maker in the room (which was fine since most hotel room coffee is so borderline anyway) and instead a coffee machine was available on the 1st floor. The problem was that the machine was broken for 3 days. We asked for a wake up call twice and we finally gave up. The first day was fine. The second morning the phone rang 45 mins. earlier then the appointed time. The third day, which we didn't request for a wake up call, we received a call at 6:30 AM! We liked the location and the staff was friendly but very young. That may be the problem---experience! If a better manager can oversee the hotel, especially details, the Shoreham would definately improve. Erin at the front desk saved our stay! Thanks! As it is, unless you get a very good rate, $160 US or less, it's not recommended.	
Feb 21 2006	Cosy comtemporary retreat	I stayed in NYC on the coldest weekend of the year. Although the rear lobby was cold (as was my bathroom),I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The room was small, but clean and bright, the staff was pleasant, and the location safe and ideal for theater, shopping, and dining. Perks included free daily newspapers,internet access, and a much appreciated cappucino machine in the lobby. The adjoining bar (sleek and contemporary) offers a full view of 55th street, great for people watching. I would return to the Shoreham.	
Feb 20 2006	Good Value Friendly People	Great value, I found it on Hotwire for $149/n It shows up as a boutique hotel in midtown. The location is excellent with the Penninsula Hotel and the St. Regis just across the street. You can walk to 5th avenue in about 1 minute and Times Square in about 15 minutes. The bed was very comfortable and seemed brand new with linens I would have expected in a five star hotel. The place has just undergone a full renovation and it shows, however the actual quality of the work is poor so I would expect within a few years the place will begin to look shabby again. The staff are very friendly (especially Emily) and the free internet access, lattes and (american) champagne are nice touches. I would recommend this place to friends.	
Feb 19 2006	I liked it just fine	I won this hotel on priceline for $110 a night. What a bargain! The location is great for tourists, right in midtown, close to the park and 5th avenue. The staff was friendly, the room was fine and on par for a Manhattan Mid range hotel. I liked the coffee machine ALOT. The shower was very weak and it seemed to be out of hot water on sunday. I would definately stay again if I was able to get that price. Maybe not if it was rack rate.	
Feb 13 2006	Trendy Hotel in Great Location	The Shoreham is a good-looking hotel. The lobby and restaurant/bar area reminded me of a smaller, more intimate version of the Paramount. It has the same &quot;modern/trendy&quot; feel. The rooms are 100% better than the Paramount, though. While still very small, almost to the point of being uncomfortably so, the rooms are well appointed with great beds and great large bathrooms. I loved the design, but only wish the rooms could be a bit bigger, especially around the bed and desk area. Since I mostly come to New York on business, I always need a desk area and this one was definitely lacking. The service was middle of the road, but on par with everything else I've experienced with other New York hotels. We had breakfast the next morning and it was just OK. The set up of the restaurant with lounge/bar seating does not make it conducive for meals. Since most folks visiting New York do nothing more than just sleep in the hotel room (meaning, they don't expect hotels to be resorts), this is a fine choice. This was an overall fine hotel experience if you want to stay someplace new and modern in New York for a good price and a good location.	
Feb 9 2006	We love it	We loved the Shoreham. It was a great location. The staff is very warm. When you check in you get a glass of champange and or bottled water. The room was very nice a little small.The only complaint we had was it was very loud. The room doors slam and the airconditioner was very loud.	
Feb 1 2006 	Mediocre Stay	I booked a room at this hotel for around $180/night, and given that price in NYC, it was what you would expect. My stay was mediocre--nothing horrible but definitely nothing great. We had problems getting hot water in the showers. There was no fridge, and the cappuccino machine was broken during our stay. The staff was friendly, but don't ask them for directions anywhere because they'll give you the wrong ones. Unless the price fell more, I don't think I will stay here again.	
Jan 25 2006	We loved it.	We booked this room on Priceline and got a good deal. It is classified as a Midtwon West hotel, but is right on the border of what is Midtown East, so it was an excellent location to shopping and also theatre.They offered to upgrade us to a double room, but we preferred the Q bed, and the non-smoking floor. The bed was very comfortable, new and clean. The bathroom was big, which was nice. The room was small, but it had what we needed. It was quiet and the hotel staff was very helpful. The cappucino machine also provides tea and hot chocolate in addition to coffee and steamed milk, which was a neat little bonus.We would stay there again.	
Jan 23 2006 	Pretty ghastly overall	We arrived at the hotel at the check-in time of 15:00 but neither of our rooms were ready for us. We had to wait until 16:30 to get into our rooms. However, they did upgrade me to a suite as they could not provide the smoking room I reserved. There is no fridge, minibar or coffee maker in the rooms, just a lot of high-tech equipment such as plasma TVs (but no cable). Central location and staff friendly but incapable of operating in an efficient manner. View outside the room was some parking lot. Management must do better. I don't think I will be staying there again.	
Jan 18 2006 	Charming hip hotel	Every time I go to NY and stay, I choose The Shoreham every time. I am constantly recommending the hotel to family and friends, and now to you. I have stayed there on 4 occasions for a length of 2 weeks. The staff is knowledgeable, and pleasant. It isn't a stuffy, up tight hotel. It's uniquely charming, with modern flare and sophistication.	
Jan 4 2006	Great hotel!	We stayed at the Shoreham for New Year's Eve after getting a great deal on Priceline. We paid half of what people were paying for a 1 star in Manhattan on New Year's and we booked only 2 days before our stay. The service was excellent. The hotel room was very clean but a little on the small side but was very welcoming after a longggg day in Times Square. The free cappucino's in the lobby was a plus too.:) Great location! Times Square only a short walk away as well as Rockefeller Center. Would recommend this hotel.	
Jan 2 2006	New Year's Eve at the Shoreham	We stayed at the Shoreham for New Year's Eve. We booked late using Hotwire and got an excellent deal. The location was perfect as we could walk to the festivities in Times Square to watch the ball drop! The room was very elegant and the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was very modern. The service was excellent.Definitely a great place to stay and be sure to check out Cassidy's Irish pub a few doors west on 55th street - great food and atmosphere!!Happy New Year's!!	
Dec 21 2005 	Amazing	I stayed here for six nights in late October of this year (2005). I was a little wary of the construction I had read about here in TripAdvisor, and when I arrived it looked like it would be pretty bad--there was construction inside and outside of the hotel. But once I talked to the staff (who were quite friendly throughout my stay), and got to my room, I was immensely relieved. The room was refurbished--brand new, in fact. It was modern but not too modern (like, say, the Alex or Royalton, which are way too modern); it was not old-world, definitely, but it was still quite comfortable. The room was huge, with a big king-sized bed that was very, very comfortable. The best parts of the room, of course, would have to be the plasma T.V. on the wall in front of the bed (so, so nice!), the Bose sound system, and the very clean, modern shower with five shower heads. The room was, I must say, the best I've seen in the city except for a large suit in the Hilton (and I've seen rooms in the Hilton NY, Michelango, Intercontinentel, Alex, Royalton, Hudson (a horrible, horrible hotel, by the way), and Sheraton Towers).Oh, and the cappucino every morning was fantastic!Downsides: the construction was bad--at one point I heard a few noises, there was a lot of dirt in the hallways and in the elevator, and there was scaffolding outside the entrance; the cappucino-maker stopped working for the last two nights of my stay; only one elevator was working at the time, and it was quite small.On the other hand, it seemed like the construction was ending right when I left, and the restaurant and bar (refurbished, of course) were re-opening. Second, since the fitness center was not open yet, they gave me a pass to Bally's down the block. And, finally, the location is pretty good.	
Dec 19 2005 	Very disappointing	I was quite looking forward to my stay at this hotel. They advertise themselves as &quot;boutique&quot; and &quot;cool&quot;.First of all, the area is ok, not fantastic. It's central and convenient, but you can get better locations if you're loking to go out, do some people watching etc. Here you're pretty much in the business district.But that's ok, not their fault. What is their fault is that they don't tell you that 70% of their rooms are not refurbished and actually really small! I stayed in a unrefurbished room for 2 nights, it was awful. $300+ for this is a rip off. Smelly, old, bad soundproofed, small etc. Furthermore, I requested a non smoling floor, but the woman in the room opposite mine was chain smoking all the time, and despite my multiple complaints they did nothing... so I had to threaten the hotel to report them to relevant authorities for them to investigate the issue. Then they moved me to the refurbished wing, which is nicer, w views on the interior courtyard (awful, but at least quiet).Lastly, the room service is appalling: I wasn't able to eat the chicken, had one mouthful and tasted rotten, brerakfast was really bad, and although some of the staff are nice, most of them are either incompetent or rude (or both). Now that I read previous reviews, I can see this should have come as no surprise.If you want an advice, for a $100 more, you can stay at a W hotel, which is way way better. In any case, very bad value for money, would disrecommend going.	
Dec 13 2005	Met expectations	A friend and I just returned from a weekend at the Shoreham. It is a clean, comfortable hotel in an excellent location. Staff was friendly and helpful with reservations, etc. We spent $400/night for a pretty small room, and apparently we had a deal b/c we booked well in advance. Similar rooms for around $6-700/night for that weekend. That seems excessive for what we experienced. The bed size was a simple double, not a queen, and the bedding was rough with pillows like cinder blocks (we did get feather pillows on request instantly...). The small size of the hotel with boutique atmosphere is a plus. Stays at the Sheraton and Hilton previously felt like a cattle car ride, whereas this stay was more personal and memorable. Note that when you roll out in the morning, the spartan continental breakfast (fruit, yogurt, and granola)--which looks complimentary--is actually $16/person, which is a bit insulting when you're paying $4-700/night. The free access to a nice espresso machine is a plus. Also, a gym will be opening soon, but presumably will require a &quot;donation.&quot; I would stay here again, but might be tempted to try a different hotel for variety. I had an excellent stay previously at Le Parker Meridien for about the same price.	
Nov 28 2005	A complete nightmare!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	OK, to start with, I had read all the good and bad Tripadvisor reviews before I decided to make my booking, and some of the reviews on this site said MAKE SURE YOU ASK FOR A ROOM IN THE NEW WING. I booked a twin room room for three people online (three months in advance) and specified that I would like a room in the new wing. On arrival, I was informed that I couldn't have a room in the new wing as they didn't have accommodation for three people there - something I found very odd considering that we were given a room with two double beds (does this mean they only have single bed rooms in the new wing???).Anyway, while the room itself wasn't too bad, the bathroom was absolutely horrible. Our toiled was blocked and we had to call reception three times to have this fixed. I know that they have since started or even completed renovating the old wing so things may be better but be aware that the bathrooms are still TINY (airplane toilet size - and no, I'm not kidding)!The reception area and lounge of the hotel looked very nice - even better than they did in the photos (!) but the quality of the rooms did not match up in comparison!Anyway, after an OK stay things really started to go wrong when after returning to London I checked my credit card bill and found TWO charges made by the Shoreham on my credit card statement. There was the correct charge relating to my stay AS WELL AS an incorrect charge equivalent to a 4-night stay. As if that wasn't bad enough, after ringing the hotel to get to the bottom of this I was told that the charge was made 7 days prior to me arrival in New York. I'm not kidding but it took over 4 weeks to get this matter resolved. I sent a detailed letter, credit card statements and flight coupons to prove that I had not been in New York at the time the incorrect charge was made, and had to make countless phone calls to a lady called Melissa Bourne. Miss Bourne was the most unhelpful person I have EVER encountered in my life. Every time I called her, she put me on hold while making numerous enquiries. At the end of every phone call she promised to call me back but did not ring me once! I gave her my work, home and mobile numbers as well as my e-mail address and fax number but being totally incompetent she did not ring me back once. It was only when I threatened to take legal action that she said she would arrange for my credit card to be refunded. However, a week later, I still had not been reimbursed. When I rang Miss Bourne again to find out what was going on she had another silly excuse. After yet more phone calls I finally got confirmation that the money had been charged back to my credit card.The Shoreham may be an OK hotel - especially after the new renovations - but I would never ever recommend this hotel to anyone. Not in a million years!	
Nov 6 2005 	Highly Recommended	My Mother, 6 month baby and I all stayed at the Shoreham for 4 days for a long weekend. I had stayed at the Hotel many times pre-2001 and was a bit anxious about whether it had gone downhill in the interim. Happily - things are the same or in many instances, better. The staff led by new GM Joe and Front Desk Manager Aaron are warm and responsive, from the technician who came to fix my laptop to the cheery doorman [both still here after all these years]. The decor of the rooms is still minimalist and stylish in a Japanese accented sort of way, the bathrooms are clean and bright, and the free coffee machine is still a nice touch. And the location is still wonderful. My only beef was that our room wasn't officially available until 3pm, and if you have been flying for 20 hours plus from the Far East like we had, that was a bit of a pain, though to their credit they managed to rush the cleaning and get us in a little before this. If you're looking for an unpretentious and stylish place to stay in Mid-town, the Shoreham comes highly recommended.	
Oct 19 2005	The best staff !	I stayed at The Shoreham recently, most of the time on my own, while my husband was at a Conference. Times like that it is very important that one feels comfortable with the staff, as well as the room &amp; hotel quality. And these guys were terrific!The room was excellent - the next size up from Standard. Very roomy, recently re-decorated &amp; extremely comfortable.They are still undergoing largescale renovations, and from time to time the one lift to my floor stopped working. Amazingly, instead of peeving me after an exhausting day walking round the city, the lovely young Concierge turned it into a delightful adventure for me. He gave me a glass of champagne, carried my shopping bags up 6 flights of stairs, and chatted charmingly all the way up.Absolutely priceless - and I'll definitely try to stay there again when in NY.	
Oct 11 2005	Enjoyed the stay at the Shoreham	Booked Hotel with Priceline. Asked and received Non Smoking/two bed room. Hotel staff was very friendly. Did not ask for but received a renovated, clean and quiet room on the 8th floor. It was exactly like the pictures. Beds were very comfortable. Coffee machine with many coffe and tea selections was great. The lobby is a little odd with the wall that you can write on but I guess it is a good way to cover up the renovations that are going on. Great location.	
Aug 23 2005	Fabulous Hotel	I recently stayed for a night in the newly renovated wing of the Shoreham and it couldn't have been better. The staff was tremendously helpful and accomodating. The rooms were extremely comfortable, especially the beds, and not noisy at all. The lounge, which is becoming increasingly more popular with locals and hotel guests alike, was excellent, its staff all very personable and knowledgeable, and the food and drinks well-conceived for all types of patrons. Of course, you can't beat the location and the value. When the entire renovations are complete, this hotel will clearly give many others a run for their money.	
Aug 20 2005	Terrific stay at The Shoreham	My mother, daughter and I stayed at The Shoreham for several nights. The hotel has a new manager since the previously posted negative reviews. Manager Joe Reyes, Aaron, Scott and the rest of the staff do everything possible to make guests feel welcome and comfortable. Our room was immaculate and the beds unbelievably comfortable. Wonderful to have a terrace with table and chairs. Location is great for shopping, Central Park and theatre.	
Aug 14 2005	We liked it!	My husband &amp; I checked the reviews before booking this hotel. The reviews was extremely helpful. We asked for a room in the renovated section. We were very pleased with our room. The decoration was chic and modern. The reviews said that the rooms were tiny. That was true, but that's expected in NY city. The room was clean, the bed was very comfortable. The location was good. There was nothing extraordinary or bad about this place. There was a complimetary self serve hot beverages machine that was difficult to figure out how to use, milk would run out, line ups were the result and would get people fustrated.	
Aug 5 2005	Loved the Shoreham	We have taken a family vacation to NYC for the past 10 years and this was by far our best hotel experience. We just returned from 4 days at the Shoreham Hotel and what a gem we have found in NYC. The staff was so welcoming and took care of all of our needs. From the champagne when you walk in the door to the 24-hour cappuccino machine and staff, my family and I were in heaven. The Shoreham is everything you could want especially after a long day in the city. With its ideal location, conveniently located steps away from the best shopping, shows, restaurants and even Central Park we were all satisifed (and believe me in my family that is hard to do). Every last detail was taken care of from the robes, to the wireless internet in our room, to the daily paper delivered every mornring and my personal favorite the luxurious bathrooms. Our overall experience was just incredible and we are looking forward to our trip back to the Shoreham Hotel this winter. Thank you.	
Aug 2 2005	Great staff wonderful location	Spent 3 nites in a hot July and found the hotel cool in several ways. Had a problem with air conditioning and the night manager Aaron couldn't be nicer. Cappucino machine was in the lobby (along with sparkling water and champagne). Rooms are NY small, but a huge downstairs lobby with internet made up for it. Of course the loacation is perfect.	
Jul 21 2005	Not so great	On the recommendation of a well-respected friend who lives in the city, we booked 2 rooms at the Shoreham for the week of June 13th. We have all traveled to the city many times and have never had a bad experience, but there is always a first time for everything. Upon arrival, which happened to be one of the hottest days in the city (and we're from Florida), 8 of us walked into the low-ceilinged, closed-in lobby of the Shoreham where losts of tiny halogen bulbs burned brightly, making the small room even hotter. It is definitely decorated in the modern, minimalist style, but the attention to comfort is minimal, too. We were offered Champagne and water from the desk clerk, which was nice, but not the big deal it is made out to be. As we checked in, it appeared they lost one of our reservations, and only one of our rooms was available. We took our luggage down the very narrow corridor to the elevator that could only fit 3 people at a time (without luggage). The elevator, too, had the bright, hot halogen bulbs in it, which I imagine in the cold winter months probably feels nice and cozy, but only made us sweat even more. The one room that was available, had a very small bathroom even by NY standards, and a window AC unit which was not working. At this point, it was hotter in the hotel than it was outside. We left the hotel and came back an hour later to learn our other room was still not available, and the first room had not cooled off at all. One member of our group discovered a hole next to the AC unit large enough to get his arm through. We were told they would send maintenance up to repair the AC unit and waited around another 45 minutes. By this time we figured out we were obviously in the &quot;old&quot; section of the hotel I had read about. We asked if we could be moved to the new section, but they could not accomodate us there. After our 3rd inquiry to check into our other room, which was well after the 3pm check in time, we decided this hotel was not going to suit our needs. We then took it upon ourselves to re-locate to a larger, more comfortable and better hotel located in Times Square. Perhaps if you can guarantee a room in the &quot;new&quot; section, and travel when it is winter, and get a really low rate, it would be worth staying in this hotel, but I won't take my chances with the Shoreham again.	
Jul 17 2005	Great location! Good Price performance.	Without a doubt, Shoreham's location is simply great. When I arrived at 9am, way too early for check-in, they were unable to give me an early check-in, because they were sold out apparently. When I came back after 3pm, they first put me in a quiet room facing the back of the building. The room was pretty nice, but extremey small and dark. I couldn't tell what time of the day it was even if I looked out the window. I immediately felt claustrophobic and asked for a room change. They then moved me to a room facing 55th St. There was nice natural light and surprisingly, not too noisy. The staff, while they seemed rather unprofessional initially, were extremely accomodating in my requests. The rooms you get in the range of $249-289 are good to stay for a short stay. The rooms are small, no bath (only shower stall), no fridge, no minibar... but I thought it was well kept, clean(-looking) carpets, free internet connection, and most of all, the LOCATION. You get the bare minimum essentials in a top location for great price. You kinda wish you had at least a small fridge to keep your drinks, but hey... for few nights, you can live without it.	
Jul 12 2005	Shore Bet	The Shoreham Hotel in Midtown Manhattan is a shore bet for those New York City travelers in search of a boutique-style hotel with an unbeatable location. The ultra hip building (currently being expanded to add approximately 100 rooms) has a small entry and chic lobby with lucite counters illuminated with neon from within. Upon registering, the guests are offered bubbly water or champagne by efficient, knowledgeable, and friendly staff. Our room was larger than a standard (the manager happened to be there when we checked in and we told him we were celebrating our 20th anniversary so not only did he upgrade our room, he sent us champagne) but be aware, even the upgraded rooms are on the small side. Regardless, the chic decor continues and it's spare without being cold.The Shoreham offers computers and a seating area behind the bank of elevators, complimentary espresso bar all day, and bar/restauarant that offers good &quot;small plates&quot; and unique cocktails. For those seeking something modern in an ideal midtown location, the Shoreham Hotel is sure to please.	
Jul 11 2005 	All I have to say is Cockroaches!	Yes, this is NYC, but come on. We shouldn't expect roaches in our room in such a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel. When we complained of the &quot;extra guest&quot; in our room they simply replied &quot;that's NYC.&quot; Aweful!	
Jul 9 2005	EXCELLENT VALUR	The Shoreham is a small boutique hotel which was under rennovation at the time of our visit. Be sure to reserve &quot;inside rooms&quot; in the new section as an outside room can be very noisy - street noise. The room are small but extremely comfortable and clean. The service is excellent. Given the ever increasing rates of New York City Hotels, the Shoreham was a &quot;value&quot; however the rates will o doubt increase once the new section is completed. Probably the biggest &quot;positive&quot; of this hotel is the location which is a half block off fifth avenue. Yes, we would stay there again!!	
May 25 2005	Great Shopping Location block off 5th Avenue!	The lobby is nothing much...think &quot;Asian minimalism&quot;. The hotel restaurant was good and not too expensive. The rooms were lovely but slightly small. However, with the clever design elements I learned to really love The Shoreham. I especially enjoyed the window seat and the large walkin shower in the rooms. The hotel can be pricey but is a nice choice for NYC shopping trips.	
May 22 2005	a great little place	This hotel was lovely, the staff were friendly and helpful and it was well placed to get to major attractions. Woud definitely recommend it for a cheap, clean base for exploring! Would stay there again.	
Jan 18 2005	Rundown boutique hotel	I was very disappointed with this hotel. After looking at their website, I was really looking forward to staying over the long weekend. What I found was a rundown room with stained carpets, chairs and sofa (I didn't even want to think about where those stains came from), wobbly tables, chipped sinks and dirty bathroom. The employees were not helpful at all with luggage's and helping finding us a good restaurant. I do have to admit that the lobby looked very nice, too bad I couldn't sleep there. Next time I think I'm going to stick with the W or one of schrager's hotels.	
Jan 17 2005	Beautiful elegance	Upon entering, we were greeted with complimentary champagne and an offer to upgrade to the penthouse suite...we took them up on both and had a blast.The rooms are normal NYC small but complete in all kinds of hip trendiness. Mulitple calls to our room were made to make sure we were ok and if we needed anything else...something virtually unheard of.great place, great price if booked online.enjoy the stay	
Jan 2 2005	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Shoreham the week after Christmas and had a great time. I've been to many New York hotel and this one is probably my favorite. We stayed on the &quot;new&quot; side and our hotel room was excellent. Small, of course, but extremely clean and extremely new. The bed was one of the more comfortable hotel beds that I've ever slept in and the linens, pillows, etc. were of a high quality. We didn't require much of the staff but they did deliver on the limited requests we did have. We highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 31 2004	Great hotel great location great price!	We just returned from a wonderful vacation in New York. We were very pleased with The Shoreham Hotel. We read past reviews on this website, so we knew to ask for a room in the new section, facing inside. Our concern was that we could not be promised our room would be in the new section until we actually arrived. The hotel had made a note of our request and thankfully we were able to stay in this section. Our room was quiet, even though we were only on the 2nd floor. Requesting an inside room is very important! Also, I would suggest checking hotel prices on quickbook before booking a room here. The price on this website was $199. - a real deal for a good hotel in this area! I then phoned the hotel and was quoted $249. for the same type of room. When I questioned the price difference, the person at the desk asked which website I had used and then matched their lower price.Our room was small, but very comfortable. Everything was top quality -the linens, decor, bed, even the bath products. The staff was very helpful. The complimentary internet room, New York Times, Time Out Magazine, and coffee, tea, or hot chocolate were added bonuses! There is even a bank machine in the hotel - very convenient.We walked everywhere from this central location - to Times Square, the theater disctrict, along Broadway, 5th Avenue, Madison, and to Central Park. We will definitely stay here again. Also, breakfast at Astro (small diner near the hotel) was a nice way to start our day!	
Dec 28 2004	Shoreham...Pretty Cool	I booked this hotel for my first visit to NYC and I was satisfied with my stay. The reviews on Trip Advisor seemed to be overall good, so I went with it. One suggestion that I saw a lot was to be sure to reserve a room in the new building. I did reserve a room in the new building and it was nice, but I never did learn of what was going on in the old building. The room was not very big, but that was okay with my fiance and I because we were canvassing the city most of the time. We were only in the hotel to sleep and shower (and the shower was excellent!). Our room faced 55th and was on the sixth floor. It was smaller than the rooms shown on the Shoreham website, but okay with my fiance and me. The hotel does live up to being modern, stylish, hip, etc... Upon entering the lobby you will hear hip music being played sort of loud (not a problem for two 24 year old travelers). But the rooms are surprisingly quiet even though our window faced the street. I walked so much around the city that I was so exhausted by the end of the day that an earthquake could not wake me. The only problem that we ran into were that when we arrived at 1pm our room was not ready and would not be until 3pm. But when we did check in we were given a free glass of champagne and guests are provided free coffee, cappuccino, or tea during anytime of the day in the hotel lobby. The location of the hotel was great for visiting tourist sites such as Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller Plaza, Trump Tower, and an endless amount of retail stores to shop. Whether you stay here or not, I strongly suggest that you visit the Italian restaurant also on 55th St. called Il Corso. It is reasonably priced for NY and the service and food are top notch. It was by far the best meal I ate during my visit.	
Dec 2 2004	Nice but not worth its 4 stars	My fiance and I booked a night's stay on Nov. 27th, '04 through Hotwire and got the room for about $200. We requested a room on the rennovated side based on the reviews we read here and they graciously accomodated; we also got a glass of champagne on check-in. There was some problem with our Hotwire reservation but they handled it all directly with Hotwire and gave us no trouble. The lobby and design of the hotel was clean and modern; likewise our room, though fairly unadorned and only looking out on a light cellar. The bathroom only had a shower but it was a large one and the aveda products were nice. But the hotel didn't have some fairly basic things, like robes, mini-bar, a table and chairs in the room, that I would definitely expect from a four star hotel. It was closer to a nice Best Western than what I would expect from NY boutique hotels.The room service menu looked tasty, as well as the breakfast menu that you could order to be delivered the night before. However, here was our real problem -- we went to what we thought was the complimentary continental breakfast the next morning in the dining room and each had a bowl of cereal and some coffee and when we got up to leave we were presented w/ a bill for $34. As it turns out, there is NO breakfast provided by the hotel, call me cheap but even the Ho Jo offers that and $17 per person for coffee and cereal is absurd. We talked to the manager who adjusted it to only charge for one person but we still left feeling like somehow it all just didn't add up to an above average experience. I would recommend The Library Hotel a THOUSAND times over this one and it's very comprably priced with all of the niceties this one lacks.	
Nov 29 2004	Hip good location great experience	A great reprieve for a night in NYC. Stayed there one mid-week night before Thanksgiving. Staff was pleasant, champagne offered at the reception desk, candles and fresh flowers in the reception area. We asked for a room in the renovated portion, using the previous notes from Tripadvisor. Assistant told us that,yes, the non-renovated rooms are larger but not as up-to-date. We enjoyed the room--yes, it was small but if you've stayed in NYC rooms before it's not bad. It was extremely clean, minimalist design, Aveda bathroom products, full-length mirror in the shower....all was good. I would definitely stay here again. We got a good deal through priceline (&lt;$200).	
Nov 29 2004	Thanksgiving Stay at the place	I was really worried about this place after I read many mixed reviews. We got our reservation Wed night from HotWire before Thanksgiving on Thurs and called the place on Thurs morning to make sure that our rooom is at the &quot;renovated&quot; part of the hotel. We arrived at the place and the staff were just amazing - they offered us water right away as we checked in and were very friendly in answering our questions. The place reminds me of some type of hip-disco club; lots of modern-glass-themed decor. The room was definitely small - but I think it's sort of a New York thing more than anything else. The bed was very comfortable, though. Better linen than most of the places I've stayed before; and down pillow/comforter. The cappaucino machine at the lobby is great - I used it every morning/afternoon when you need a pick-up. They also have this &quot;business center&quot; with 2 computers you can surf the net; even comes with a printer. Overall, I am pleased with what I see - but if you are one of those people who really cared about views, a gym/pool, etc, this is not the place for you. If you just want a comfortable room to sleep/relax after a full day of NYC, then this is it.	
Nov 28 2004	Small room hip people great value	Stayed one night in a small but comfortable room in the new tower. Walked in to Champagne, woke up to the New York Times, enjoyed the free hot drinks, and found the experience a great value ( booked via Expedia at less than $175). The Aveda bath products made up for any of the imperfections in the room! And my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed the very comfortable bed. Anyone who thinks this place is a dump has never stayed in many New York City hotels....No Dump here; great mid-town location with parking next door and the subway around the corner....	
Nov 27 2004	Pleasant Surprise	Room was immaculate. Great location. Very quiet and very clean hotel. Staff was warm &amp; personal. They learned my name and used it frequently. Would stay here again, and highly recommend it. Very important to note...the bathroom IS private.	
Nov 23 2004	Terrible terrible hotel	Awful, terrible hotel. Wanted a hip boutique hotel for a fun weekend in the city with my husband -- got a dumpy, run-down place that was far too expensive for what we got. Splurged for a queen suite -- toilet ran 24 hours a day, bathroom was so dark and nasty (chipped tub, stained toilet, mildewed tiles) that I dreaded taking a shower. Details like cedar-lined closet would have been nice if the boards weren't warped, water-stained, and missing in places. &quot;Minimalist&quot; approach to furnishings would be okay if the only four pieces in the living room area weren't wobbly, dirty, banged up, and generally disgusting. Dank hallways with water-damaged carpets -- totally unimpressive.I dont understand at all what this hotel's priorities are in terms of quality.	
Nov 23 2004 	Book it!	Booked just one night here when passing through NYC.... great location close to the shops and subway and the lovely Rockerfeller Centre. Rooms not huge, but who wants to stay in. Great cocktails at the bar... try the Cosmolini!!	
Nov 18 2004	Best deal in Town	We stayed at the Shoreham from november 11th till november 15th. I compared severall prices and got the perfectly located Shoreham at a very good price. Especially considering the travel periode and location. I read the reviews on tripadvisor and I must say I was a bit worried. Upon arrival we were pleasantly surprised with the hotel. My friends got a room in the new wing and we got one in the old wing. At first I thought our room was in the new wing because everything looked clean and the room had a modern decor. I only realised that my friens were in the new wing when I brought something to them. I must say, that although the hallways in the new wing have more light, our room in the old wing was very comfortable and clean. I usually stay in bigger hotels like the Waldorf and I can say that the shoreham was not less comfortable. I certainly would go back for the same low rate, 218$ via the hotels website.	
Oct 27 2004	Absolutely wonderful experience!	I booked through Priceline (~$230/night including taxes) for Oct.22-24. When I found out it was the Shoreham, I checked the reviews on Tripadvisor and got a little worried, because a considerable number of them were negative--especially the ones mentioning Priceline. (Maybe the hotel was treating its Priceline customers differently?When we got to the hotel, all my fears were disspelled. Right away we started seeing little touches of elegance that foretold the great experience in store for us. The hotel facade has a sleek, modern look, with colorful lights spelling out the name. We were met at the curb by a bellhop with a luggage trolley. There were glasses of champagne available behind the front desk. The lobby is filled with interesting modern art and cool art-deco lighting. The staff were very professional and polished during our whole stay.I asked for a room in the &quot;new building&quot; (because of the Tripadvisor reviews), and the request was accommodated without question. We accidentally went up in the &quot;old building&quot; elevator so got a chance to see the hallways of the old building first--they looked a little ratty. When we finally made our way to the new building, the contrast was obvious--things looked much sharper and newer.Our room (#717) was very clean and cozy, with a very big comfortable bed with luxurious puffy bedding. The bathroom was small but wisely allocated half its space to a nice big shower (with a mirror for a rear wall--nice touch). The room service menu was extensive and innovative (and reasonably priced), and the food was delicious. Example: &quot;three mini-hamburgers on brioche&quot; (came with french fries and mini bottles of Heinz ketchup). There was also a snazzy-looking bar on the lobby floor. All the other guests we saw going about seemed very happy with the place.The housekeeping staff did a great job. The front desk was happy to hold our baggage for us after we checked out (they gave us ticket stubs to reclaim it). And needless to say, the location is second-to-none.Overall, our stay at the Shoreham was an absolute delight. I'd recommend it to anyone. I'd also encourage people to ask for a room in the &quot;new building&quot;. (This is on the left as you face the hotel facade--it's accessed by the left elevator and has the room numbers ending in 10 or higher.)My only two notes of criticism: (1) The parking garage a few doors before the hotel has a sign saying &quot;Validated parking for Shoreham Hotel.&quot; We found out only at check-out time that in this case &quot;validated parking&quot; means you pay $45/night instead of $50/night. (2) Even though our room was attractive and cozy, the walls were bare--they cried out for some framed prints.	
Oct 20 2004	Better than expected	Stayed at The Shoreham 10/15/04-10/17/04. This was my first trip to NYC, so i was a bit worried about finding a decent hotel. I was pleasantly surprised by The Shoreham...The Good:-Rooms on the renovated side of the hotel. Nicely decorated, up-to-date bathrooms.-Location. Between 5th &amp; 6th on 55th was convenient to Central Park, 5th Ave, and not that far from times square-Front desk personel. They were very friendly and accomodating. They helped out with getting some family members moved to another room, helped out with some early check-ins for us, and gave me late check-out. Didnt give us a hard time about any of these things. -Free cappucino machine. I thought this would be a joke, but when you're going full speed in NYC for a weekend, its nice to have free good-tasting caffeine waiting for you in the lobby.-Free Internet access in the lobby. Also thought i wouldnt use this, but i needed to get online, and it was nice to have the option.-overall ambience. The Hotel is nicely appointed, with silver coloring and good music playing in the elevators. Its got style.The Bad:-The unrenovated rooms' bathrooms. Saw one of these rooms, and it was scary. Definitely ask for a room on the renovated side of the hotel.-Noisy on the old side of the hotel. I dont think its well insulated. This was not a problem on the renovated side.-Rooms are tiny. I think this is a NY thing. It also depends on the room you have. Ours had some of the square footage taken up by a useless hallway, others did not.Overall, i was very happy to get a nice, new room at a reasonable (for NY) price. Definitely would stay at The Shoreham again if they could lock me into a renovated room at reservation time.	
Oct 1 2004	Am I easy to please?	It's true that the rooms are very small. Ours had just enough room to slide between the end of the queen bed and the small TV and clothing drawers /built-in cabinet. Also the closet was tiny. However on the plus side are friendly, helpful staff, a cappucino machine in a lounge off the lobby that works 24/7 and the complimentary computer/internet (w/ 2 computers available). Also the maid service was prompt and efficient and the room (on the fifth floor with a view onto a drab brick wall) was quiet. There was only a shower, but it was good sized. (One of the shower walls was a full length mirror -- a definite work-out/diet incentive!) We got a decent rate on Hotwire. Considering that almost any three star hotel is $200 or over, the comparative value was okay. If I were to obtain a comparable rate next time I'm in New York City, I'd stay there again.	
Sep 28 2004	Yikes Can my room be any smaller????	The room we stayed in was extremely small with a super teensy weensie bathroom. I nearly bonked my head on the sink while wiping my ass. The closet can fit a wallet and a pair of slippers. Oh can't forget about the darn ironing board fit for a midget like my grandmother; board rested on the bed for crying out loud. Only thing I like about this boutique Hotel is their free one-time use citrus-scented lotion in a blue bottle.	
Sep 21 2004	This hotel 	This is a terrible hotel. The air conditioner was loud and wouldn't cool the room. The toilet ran all night. We couldn't sleep and the staff refused to move us. We had used Hotwire to purchase the hotel, which we will never do again. Apparantly they set aside a few uninhabitable rooms for Hotwire customers and then refuse to move the guests or fix the room. Also Hotwire is refusing to even discuss an adjustment to our bill. (4 stars--they rated it) The bed wasn't a normal sized Queen. The paint in the bathroom was peeling of the walls and the calking aroung the tub was all dried and peeling. They play hideous nouveau techno fusion music 24 hours a day. Most rooms got towels &amp; a New York times delivered daily, but not us--again another Hotwire bonus I assume. Hotwire is a fraudulent scam.	
Sep 9 2004	Average Hotel Stay	My husband and I stayed at the Shoreham on June 23-27. The location was very convenient for us. It was easy to walk to many places nearby. The rooms were clean and comfortable. Ours had a window facing the street so we could hear everything going on outside. The staff was our biggest problem. They didn't have answers to our questions and seemed put out by us asking them for things. The concierge was awful. We asked for directions to the subway and had to practically beg for a piece of paper to write them down on ourselves. Overall our stay was ok, but with all the hotel choices in NY I probably wouldn't stay there again. The rates were reasonable at about $160/night.	
Aug 29 2004	Excellent hotel	I spent one night at the Shoreham. The staff was very friendly and the room was very clean with modern decor. The location was ideal - easy walking distance to Times Square or Central Park. Would stay again.	
Jul 8 2004	would stay again	recently stayed at the shoreham. got rooms thru priceline. very nice hotel. staff very courteous and accommodating. for nyc, rooms were spacious and had plently of daylight, though no views. beds were firm, i got up each day refreshed. shower pressure excellent. cedar closet and fridge were nice touches. location perfect between 5th and 6th aves. easy walk to theatre district. two long blocks to popular delis (ben ash, stage, and carnegie).short walk to rockefeller center. 4 blocks to run in central park. would stay again.	
Jul 7 2004	Small rooms Drop your modesty	Booked two rooms through priceline and got a response for the Shoreham at $122.00 per night.Compared to the other prices for a 2 night stay in that area (short walk to Times Square) I thought I was doing pretty well with that rate. The problem was when I called the Shoreham after the reservation was made to check whether or not I would have a queen bed or 2 doubles. I was told that I would have to call back on Monday to talk to the front desk about that. They couldn't give me any additional information and didn't really seem to want to help. So I called back Monday and was told that the rooms that I had booked had queen size beds and that I would need to pay an additional $50.00 per night per room if I wanted to have double beds. So now my $122.00 per night became $177.00 per night per room. I had no other option but to pay that price as we had 3 people for each room. (This is a problem with priceline not giving you the option to advise how many people and type of beds you want.)Got to the Shoreham and my room was in the &quot;New&quot; tower which was renovated and my other party was in the old tower which was not renovated. Got to the room and it was nice, clean but VERY small. If it would have just been me and my wife, I suppose it would have been ok. But when you get the third person in there with luggage it suddenly is very cramped. Lose your modesty, as the bathroom was basically right there in the room just separated by a frosted glass wall with no locking door. Very nice look but not very private at all. The second none renovated room was actually a lot bigger and nicely decortated but not as nice as the renovated rooms. However, they at least had a bathroom that was small but offered more privacy if you needed it, with a locking door. This issue was very important to the mother-in-law. But the toilet kept backing up and maintence had to be called every night to correct it.Beds were very comfortable and clean, so I was pleased with that. The elevators with extremley small with barely enough room to get 3 to 4 people in, so if your claustrophobic, the stairs may be a better option. All in all the stay was ok, good location to everything and good restaurants very close. However, $177.00 per night it was not worth.Once we arrived the staff was very friendly and helpful, but I wasn't offerend the free drink upon arrival and after a long trip in NY traffic, could have used it! The website is deceiving so don't think you will be getting what you see, those are pictures from the &quot;New&quot; tower and not what you will get unless you upgrade or get a penthouse room. If a small room at a overpriced rate is what you are looking for then the Shoreham is for you. Otherwise do your homework, as I could have stayed at a much nicer hotel in the same area for the same price of $177.00 per night.	
Jul 5 2004	Loved it!	My daughter and I just got back from a 4 night stay at the Shoreham. We got the reservation through Priceline. Originally we were booked for a Queen bed, non-smoking room. When we arrived at the hotel, the desk clerk asked if we wanted to have a room with 2 beds at no extra charge. We happily accepted that. The room was a nice size, very clean and comfortable. We enjoyed our stay and would definately stay there again. The staff was very pleasant and polite. I can think of no bad experience at all during our stay. We would be very happy to stay at the Shoreham again.	
Jun 19 2004	Wine and Cheese	I chose the Shoreham Hotel b/c I wanted to stay in the city for my birthday for two nights 6/16-6/18. When I went to all the sites to get the cheapest rate all the hotels either were booked or their rates were tripled the usual amount. I finally settled with the Shoreham hotel on cheaptickets. I got a deal for $220.99/night for two nights, which included the tax. After I booked the room, I was nervous after reading the many reviews on trip advisor. I thought I was going to see roaches, have excess charges on my card for the incidentals, and work with an incompetent staff. None of this occurred. I will tell you what did: I got to the hotel and the fire alarm was ringing. Since I arrived late around 10 pm, they did not have a room. I was worried!! I asked myself why did I choose this hotel again? Well, the woman working there was very friendly. Her and her manger felt bad that this had happened. Since it was my birthday, they felt worse. They sent me over to the Mansfield Hotel where they upgraded me to an amazing suite, valet and the room was on them. When I arrived at the Mansfield they sent up a free bottle of red with some fruit and cheese. When I went back to the Shoreham the next day they checked me in before 3 pm, upgraded me to amazing suite, and also had red wine and chocolates sent up to my room. I guess if you are one that has no patience and wants things to run smoothly all of the time, it may be a gamble for you. However, if you go with the flow then everything should turn out just fine. I had an amazing two nights in the city.	
Jun 1 2004	Beware - More Trouble than its worth	It took a lot of waiting and a major hassle with the front desk in order to get the room we had reserved. After the manager finally got housekeeping (shortstaffed) to clean the room late in the afternoon, we finally settled in. Everything seemed fine at that point. After we checked out, our credit card was billed for charges we didn't authorize. I'm still disputing them with my credit card company. This is the most inconvenient hotel I have ever dealt with. Next time, I'll go back to the Crowne Plaza, where service is always impeccable.	
May 12 2004	Loved it!	Great hotel. Very attentive staff (sent up extra towels right away, even after midnight). The beverage at check-in was a nice touch. The room was very clean, and the decor was attractive. I'll definitely stay there again. Tip: Try booking the room directly through the hotel's website. For only $10 more than the travel sites wanted I upgraded to a suite.	
Apr 2 2004	nice hotel	I was worried after reading some negative reviews on this property but we were pleased with our stay. First the negatives: the water in the rooms cost $5.00 a bottle, the there is no on-site workout facilities, they no longer offer free breakfast and the rooms are small. Some travel web sites say the water and breakfast is free. As far as room size- all the rooms I've had in NY have been small, Shoreham's were about average. Plus we were on the 2nd floor and had no street noise. The location was great- nice quiet street close to the F line. (it was a 12 block walk to Times Square) It would have been nice to be closer to the other subway lines but it was close to 5th Ave shopping, central park MOMA and St Peter. The staff was great- very helpful, one example was when I called to get information on the UN building, even though the Concierge was closed, the front desk person looked up the info on the spot, plus had a schedule printed and delivered to our room.	
Mar 15 2004	Great Business Hotel - but a bit small for extended stays	Just got back from two nights at the Shoreham using Priceline - so for the price, the hotel was great. Check-in was easy and offered comp champagne or water. Room was small - but high-design. Exactly as shown on the website. The best feature of the hotel is the business club type lounge with 24 hour coffee/expresso/tea and comp daily papers plus a conference/work area. Staff was always helpful and friendly. This would be a great choice for a business trip when traveling alone - the beds/linens were very comfortable. However, if you're traveling with two people - the rooms do get very small very fast. I solved this by hanging out downstairs in the lounge to do some computer work... but if you want lots of space to spread-out in your room (or have lots of luggage) this isn't the place for you.... I wouldn't hesitate to return at a discount price - but unless hotel rooms were hard to find - at rack rate you can probably find roomier accommodations if this is important to you... but for business, the 24 hour room service, nice bar and hotel-wide wifi access make it a great choice just off 5th Avenue...	
Dec 17 2003	Never Reserve a Room	I went to New York the weekend before Thanksgiving. I had made a reservation weeks before at the Shoreham. However, I had to cancel a week before my reservations because a got a great price through priceline. When I received my credit card statement I noticed that the Shoreham had charged me despite the fact that I had called twice to cancel my reservation. When I called them to to confirm my cancelation they stated that they had no cancelation. I'm contesting the charge with them and through my credit card company. I had a bad feeling about this hotel from the begining. I'm sorry I even heard of this hotel. Don't make a reservation!!!!!	
Nov 17 2003	A happy repeat customer	I've stayed at The Shoreham about eight or nine times, both before the 1999 expansion and after. I love the place... a visit to New York wouldn't be the same without a stay at The Shoreham.	
Sep 2 2003	Love the Rooms Service 	As soon as I walked in, the bellman insisted he take our bags. The hotel has a speedy check in process &amp; the staff was delighted to see us. Made me feel wanted at the Shoreham. The rooms are just like the website beautiful. The small bar in the lobby was perfect for me &amp; my guest to wine &amp; dine. I truly recommend this hotel as for myself, I stayed here for 4 weekends in a row. The Shoreham must be doing something good.	
Jul 24 2003	Nightmare		
Jul 20 2003	it stinks!!!!!		
Jul 1 2003	She's aging badly!		
Jun 6 2003	Decent		
May 22 2003	Shoreham was a great deal!!		
May 1 2003	I Dig The Shoreham!		
Mar 25 2003	Excellent in Every Way		
Jan 16 2003	OK		
Jan 10 2003	Shoreham Hotel New York definitely will return!		
Dec 31 2002	Shoreham Hotel - Scrooge Lives Here!		
Nov 7 2009 	Hotel céntrico y cómodo		
Sep 17 2009 	Situación y servicio muy bueno		
Sep 15 2009 	hotel perfecto		
Aug 27 2009 	Un 10!!!		
Aug 27 2009 	Mejor imposible		
Aug 27 2009 	Sofisticação Luxo e Conforto.		
Aug 21 2009 	Buen Hotel En Nueva York		
Aug 15 2009 	rien à dire super hôtel!		
Jul 8 2009 	Un hotel céntrico y encantador		
Jun 29 2009 	Estupendo		
Jun 15 2009 	Séjour agréable		
Jun 8 2009 	Peor que una pension y el trato pesimo		
Jun 5 2009 	???????????????		
Jun 4 2009 	Hotel en pleno Midtown cama y ubicacion excelentes		
May 22 2009 	Excelente ubicación estupenda relación calidad-precio		
May 17 2009 	nos gusto mucho		
Mar 3 2009 	un hotel diferente al resto que visite		
Dec 26 2008 	Céntrico limpio moderno super recomendable.		
Dec 3 2008 	Comodidad absoluta		
Oct 15 2008 	Muy buena experiencia en el Shoreham		
Sep 18 2008 	Design		
Aug 21 2008 	Tan malo que estoy escribiendo mi primer critica		
Oct 5 2007 	Excelente situación y confortable		
Jul 29 2007 	tolles hotel		
