Nov 23 2009 	Fantastic Little Hotel	After weeks and weeks of searching for reasonably priced accomodation in a convenient location, this hotel was a like finding a diamond in the rough. Amazing location, around the corner from times square, walking distance to 5th Ave, close to several subways, my husband and I were able to walk to many NYC attractions from the hotel including Central Park. The staff were so friendly and helpful, and upgraded us to the second highest floor of the building because it was our first time to NYC (I never get upgrades!!) The rooms were small but adequate. I am very fussy when it comes to cleanliness esp in hotel rooms and this was up to my standards, I always felt comfortable &amp; safe there, it just made our trip to NYC so enjoyable. This is not a hotel where they will carry your bags upstairs or overly fuss over you, its NOT the Waldorf, its a small sophisticated boutique hotel with excellent value for money considering the rubbish offered at other places for almost double the price. Highly recommend it.	
Nov 16 2009 	nice interiors	The hotel isn't very apparent to the outside, nestled in the busy Broadway area. It is easily accessible by subway, cab or walks-the NYC style. After u get through the narrow hallways and find your room, the insides of the room will greet you with a surprisingly warm and well done interiors. Keeping in mind this is NYC, the space is ok, natural light acceptable, the bathrooms are compact and clean.It is above average in price, and other than the luggage stowaway for the last day of your stay, front desk wont be of much use. But this is NYC, all in all, ok for a night or two, for a pricey getaway, as it is in broadway, the hotel is attached to a restaurant as well and its in the middle of times square!!!!!but for an average traveller wanting to explore NYC, i feel there might be other choices.	
Nov 14 2009 	Trendy without the attitude.	Had been wanting to try this hotel after hearing good things about it, so when I was able to get a great weekend rate I booked it. Normally I don't like to stay in the theatre district and be in the middle of the tourists, but I made the exception to check this place out. I arrived about three hours before check-in, just wanting to drop off my bag, but they had my room ready for me already. The booking website I used had made a mistake with my reservation, booking it in my guest's name and not mine, but Jessica at the front desk took care of that with no hassle. I had a red room, with a spacious king bed. Everything was spotless. I was missing a light fixture next to the bed, which I reported to the front desk, but it was not replaced during my stay. That was the only blip. Everyone was very friendly but professional from the minute I walked in the door, even introducing by name the doormen and concierge. I wasn't there much, but I didn't hear any noise from the hallway or other rooms on the sixth floor, which was a big plus. Upon check-in I'd been given an ad for buy one- get one at the hotel's Inc. lounge, so when we got back after a night out we relaxed there. It seemed to be a pretty happening spot and got very crowded as the night wore on, but the service was good and the drinks were strong. I would stay again if I could get another $187 rate like I did this time, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.	
Nov 13 2009 	It's New York baby location location location you are going to be so busy....	Well New York is Expensive with a capital E, we won this trip from Australia but paid for 6 nights extra Accommodation, lucky we got the Sony Music corporate rate! We just wanted something comfortable and clean, we went out site-seeing that big old city for 9 days and nights straight, getting home very late and out very early in the morning. There is so much to see you don't won't be in your room much at all. Rooms are small (it's New York deal with it), clean, neat, staff were great to us and we were especially treated well by the doormen who did not want us to tip them. The Time was perfect for us to come and go, it's a boutique Hotel so all the rooms are done up in blues, yellows and reds - RED is my fave colour and we got the RED room, it was perfect for what we needed. We played pool in the trendy bar on some late nights and we had booked action packed tours - New York is not a place to go to relax! Highly recommend you grab the 48 hour hop on hop off Double Decker and get yourself orientated, we then went on a Liberty Helicopter tour over Manhattan and started our 3 Day New York Pass which I also highly recommend, this had us running all over that fabulous city seeing everything you could see, it was wonderful to have express entry into everything, have individual maps and details in our little booklet/pass. Make sure you organise yourself in areas, so do all the downtown stuff in one day, then uptown, etc. We took a beautiful Winter horse and carriage ride thru' Central Park, it was so romantic. As I said we won this trip to see Kings Of Leon at Madison Square Garden in Jan 09 and won 3 nights acccommodation, Airfare &amp; tickets as part of the prize, and knew you just can't do New York in 3 days. The food is fabulous, you need to search it out, there is some great street food, google before you go and you will find where the locals hidden gems are. Highly recommend Carmines in Times Square - my husband Romeo is Italian and this was recommended to us by Italian's we know, the service was impeccable and the prices were low and great quality food - ask for Ralph from Brooklyn to be your waiter ha ha, he was a tripper!The Time is all about location location location, it was perfect for us, everything was close by, the Subway, the Port Authority (we went on a brilliant shopping tour), entertainment, food, shopping - get your little souvenirs downtown, much cheaper!So much to say about New York! See the photos for the best coffee in New York!	
Nov 10 2009 	Fantastic Location	As 2 single girls travelling to New York for the first time The Time Hotel is an ideal location as literally on Times Square. The room was comfortable with air con/heating, TV and safe, only down was the wardrobe is basically a rail behine the door so for 2 girls storage was a bit tight.Rooms are cleaned everyday with clean towels, robes and sheets.The concierge and door staff were extremely friendly and helpful in pointing us in the right direction.On check-in we received a 20%off voucher for the Serefina restaurant where we enjoyed the most amazing burgers and also a buy one round, get a round free voucher for the lounge which was relaxing and classy with friendly bar staff.We felt completely save entering and leaving the hotel alone and at night and would recommend for any first time visitors wanting to enjoy all the sights of New York.	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent price/quality	Friendly professional staff, clean rooms - some are a bit small for 2 people, not enough hanging space - do not open windows when room is situated on street side - could be very loud as dumpster trucks show up at 4 AM to empty trash bins - takes about 30 min -during that time no sleep is possible. That is the only complaint I have about this hotel. 	
Nov 6 2009 	Great location; otherwise quite mediocre.	Pros: location, location, location and under $300/ntCons: the hotel is getting a bit dingy and needs some updating; the front desk staff were very lackadaisical about their jobs and didn't seem very motivated to provide excellent customer service -- it was more like they thought they were doing me a favor to help me. My room didn't have a hair dryer in it, so I called the front desk. Fifteen minutes later I called again and the woman answered and said &quot;The hair dryer is on its way up&quot; and hung up on me. No greeting, no nothing. Another 15 minutes later the hair dryer still hadn't arrived, but fortunately there was a very nice man from housekeeping in the hall who was able to help me as soon as I asked. But the fact that the front desk couldn't get me a hair dryer within a half hour of my request was outrageous. Wireless internet is available, but not free, which seems ridiculous when paying over $200/nt for a room.Others have commented on the noise...this hotel is located just off 8th avenue on w 49th...it's a fairly noisy part of the city. But I didn't have any trouble sleeping. Though I found the front desk staff to be sub-par, the housekeeping staff, the doormen, and the bellmen, were all extremely friendly and helpful. The art deco styling makes some things odd....like the fact that there are no closets, just some bars with a heavy curtain in front of them. Ultimately, I'm torn as to whether or not I'd recommend this place to a friend. I guess I probably would not, unless they are willing to settle a bit for getting a decent price for the area.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great location nice room friendly staff good restaurant	We recently spent 3 nights at the Time Hotel. It is right in the heart of the theatre district, modern, clean and well staffed. Our room was not huge (no couch, but there is a desk) but it was well designed, quiet (except for the street sounds from our fourth floor window), very comfortable bed, and had good air conditioning. The flat panel TV worked very well once I understood how to work the remote. The lobby is somewhat inconvenient, being located on the second floor, but the door men and bell staff are all first rate and very helpful. We especially enjoyed the on site restaurant, which offers a 20% discount to hotel guests. We had three breakfasts and one dinner there, enjoying them all. The prices are fair and the food and service are good.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great location to Times Square	Hotel is located less then a block from Times Square. Our room was just a little bigger then a postage stamp with absolutely no view. But it was clean and recently remodeled. Our brother/sister-in-law had a much larger room with a view of the ship we were in town to take on a New England cruise. The attached resturant had a nice italian fare and good service at a reasonable (New York City) price. The front door staff were great, the reception staff were mediocre at best.	
Oct 26 2009 	Very good hotel perfect location	Stayed at The Time for 7 nights in the middle of October 2009. Arrived at the hotel around 8AM and they already had a room waiting for me, I was very surprised since this is not common in NY.Got a Deluxe room with one king bed in 14th floor, the room was very good, clean and had a very nice design. There was no noise at all and the staff was friendly and helpful.Would definitely recommed the hotel.	
Oct 26 2009 	Another great stay at the Time	I again selected the Time for a special occasion b/c of the great price, great location (near Times Square, short walk from Penn Station) and fine amenities. This was our third time there. We had a king-size room, on a high floor and it was neat, clean, and cool/hip. The staff at the front desk was lovely and helpful.We'll be back.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great location clean rooms.	We just got back from 3 nights in the Time Hotel. The location is amazing - right off Times Square, though actually I think I prefer being slightly further away as the crowds at Times Square can be a bit irritating when you're trying to get back to your room. Our first impression wasn't great as the girls on reception were too busy working out when they'd take their lunch breaks and answering the telephone in the middle of checking us to make it feel like they cared we were there or not. Which is weird - usually in America the service is second to none. Our room was great. Don't know why people complain about the room size - there was plenty of room for two people and the bed was v comfortable and big. The bathroom was fine and I have no cause to complain at all about the room - it was good. The service in the downstairs bar wasn't great - the barman didn't know how to make anything that wasn't on the limited cocktail menu which was a shame. Go upstairs though to the 2nd floor bar where it was much better and they mixed us a good Cosmopolitan and Martini which were both off the menu. All in all I would prob recommend the hotel. We got a good deal and so it was worth it. If no deal is to be had I'd think twice.	
Oct 20 2009 	Convenient clean hotel in the heart of the Theater District	Recently converted older building into a modern contemporary hotel, one block off of Times Square and the Broadway Theater District. Hotel was clean and comfortable, but rooms are small. Staff was friendly and helpful, the hotel had a modern looking restaurant and bar and the rooms were quiet. Would recommend as long as the price is reasonable.	
Oct 20 2009 	Modern Funky good sized rooms but appaling service in the Restaurant	I arrived a round midnight on a Friday. The bar, which is probably one of the features of this hotel, was buzzing with Yuppies. Couldnt hear my own voice when I checked in! Never mind, it gave it a distinctively different feel to most 'corporate' hotels and thus I actually enjoyed it. Thats what I call boutique-hotel.Rooms are OK sized and in modern-ish decor. Stayed in a Kingsize room-big enough for one but if it would have been two of us I wouldnt be so sure. A little dated and could do with some updating, including a splash of fresh pain in places.Only tried the hotel breakast (Serafina Restaurant) once- for Sunday brunch. Quality certainly wasnt the best I have had but sufficient. However, service was below par despite being nearly empty and only a few lost souls in the morning. Simply put: Slow and it was impossible to get a smile on their faces - and I am not American!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great deal and great location!	My husband and I stayed at the Time Hotel in Manhattan for our anniversary trip in April. I found a great deal and couldn't pass up such a great location. Just around the corner from Times Square and major subway lines. We arrived and there was something wrong with their computer system so we had to wait to check in. This was the only major issue with our entire stay at the Time. The room was very spacious (we got a handicapped room) and clean. The decor was modern and my husband loved the flat screen TV on the wall. Overall, this was a GREAT location for such a great price. We would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 7 2009 	Inconsistent	As all the reviews show, you might get lucky and get an updated room that functions pretty well or you could get a dump of a room. The staff was friendly and helpful, but did not seem to know which rooms were the better rooms. We asked to see 4 rooms before making a decision. The room we were initially given was not updated, the bathroom smelled of mildew, was very small and the bed was so soft it practically sank to the floor. After seeing other rooms, we got a room that is more updated. But you still may have to ask for things - like a luggage rack, hair dryer. The AC did not work but was fixed within 24 hours after 3 calls to the front desk. So if you have some patience, this is a good value. The location cannot be beat.	
Oct 5 2009 	Location great room clean staff nice....	My boyfriend took me to NYC for the first time and this hotel did just fine. The room was decorated modern and efficient....meaning it didn't have a lot of 'fluff', which is fine by us. It was clean and we slept well. There was a bar and restaurant that looked fine however, we opted to try to local places. Nothing against the hotel, we just opt to go for a more 'local' feel and try small out of the way places. The location was fab. Times Square a handful of blocks to the south, Central Park a handful of blocks to the north, Rockefeller Center a few blocks to the east. We were able to walk to so much and yet the subway was close and our Metro pass got us to most of the reamainder of NYC. The staff we talked to seemed to be nice, however, the concierge was pretty clueless. We wanted to know the 'ins' of getting into Saturday NIght Live via standby tickets. He gave us a vanilla answer 'tickets for anything are available for the right price'....ugh! Pretty worthless he was. BTW, if case anyone cares, we got to the standby line for SNL at 6:30 in the morning and got tickets #142-143 for the live show (they begin to give them out at 7 over at Rockefeller Ctr). We think about 50 standby's got in that night. When we do this again, we will go around 5-5:30 in the morning (another person went at 6:00 and was #108) in hopes of our odds being better. They never know how many ticket holders are going to show for that nights show, so its worth the shot. Also, you don't need to show up earlier than the 10:45 p.m. time to see if you get in. They have everyone get in numerical order around that time, then you wait and see. We will be smarter next time. Good luck!	
Oct 4 2009 	Don't let style overtake substance	I stayed at this hotel while working in NYC for a few days and the location is ideal as I always prefer to be near Times Square. The bed was extremely comfy and the room larger than most in the city.However the restaurant and reception staff let it down. The doormen were beyond friendly and helpful - and not angling for a tip (rare in the US!).But their counterparts could learn a lesson. I got the wrong breakfast twice. After requesting oatmeal, it came out as an omlette then YOGHURT! I have a British accent and am not difficult to understand. When the bill came I requested the service charge be removed due to this mistake (and for waiting 30 mins to eat). No apology. The night previous the bar staff were lazy and unfriendly. The front desk claimed to be unable to print an email due to lack of toner. The same excuse given a day before to a colleague. Surely that should've been fixed in 24hrs? I would recommend this hotel for a good night's sleep and access to shopping but avoid the restaurant and bar	
Oct 2 2009 	Good value	We have stayed at a number of places in NYC and this place was pretty good in terms of value for money and location. We'd just managed to escape being ripped off at another place in Chelsea and managed to get a last minute booking at the TIME. We paid about US$220 including taxes and that's cheap compared to everything else we saw. Great location, the rooms are a reasonable size and clean and the decor is pleasant. Short walk to Times Square. The staff were generally pleasant although we encountered the most misberable bar girl in history. . It was the only place however where we had to pay for internet access which was one disappointment.We were very happy with the TIME Overall	
Sep 28 2009 	Excellent service funky decor and in the heart of Manhatten!	We booked this hotel for a 3 night stay, just a couple of days before we arrived. Having stayed in a number of New York hotels now, I can highly recommend this to anyone looking for a clean and modern hotel in a great location.Our room was excellent, 2 big double comfy beds and lots of space. The decor is all black, red and white and very retro and extremely clean. The bathroom had no tub but did have a big double shower, nice robes and lovely smelling toiletries. The only thing we didn't have was a view, not that it bothered me at all, I'd rather have a spacious room.The service was great, they even brought us a card with the weather forecast for the next day which I thought was a nice touch. They stored our luggage for us no problem and ordered me a car back to the airport, everything you'd expect from one of the higher rated and more expensive hotels in the city.There is also a nice bar and restaurant in the building, both were busy with non-hotel guests and the drinks were good :-)Location is perfect for getting around the city too, right off Times Square and close to all the main attractions. Very little noise at night surprisingly for the location. All in all, a great hotel!	
Sep 24 2009 	This hotel stinks	I just returned from a stay at this hotel in New York City. I go to New York often and normally stay at a different hotel but thought I would try something different this time. What a mistake. The Time is expensive $400 per night, the room had broken airconditioing that failed completely the last night, a bathroom that smelled like someone died in it, internet that drifted in and out making work impossible and a Tv remote that required the patience of a saint. This hotel was disappointing in every respect and uncomfortable in many. There are many hotels in this area. Choose any of them and you will be happier.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great Choice!	While I don't doubt that all the negative reviewers had valid reasons for the low ratings they gave this hotel, my spouse and I loved it here. The location is absolutely ideal - we arrived a Penn Station and walked 15 minutes to The Time and loved that, although we were literally just around the corner from the bright lights and action of Times Square, the hotel didn't suffer the noise side effects. Yes the room was small, but this is New York so don't expect anything more. Overall, things were clean, bright, funky and new and the staff was more than helpful and courteous. The one snag we hit, as many have mentioned, was that the air conditioner didn't work and, because we didn't arrive until 11:00 p.m., there was no one to fix it that night. As compensation, though, the staff apologized several times for the inconvenience and offered to move us to a suite for the next night of our stay - a deal we liked!Another thing we liked was the offer of keeping our bags in their locked storage room on the day we left, after we checked out. We weren't leaving NYC until that night, but didn't have to worry about our bags while we enjoyed the city.	
Sep 23 2009 	Good location Average hotel	You cannot fault the location. It is close to everything and very convenient. The rooms are tiny but the bed is big and the bathroom clean. Staff are not very helpful. Check your bill on check-out. Door man was helpful and nice. An ok hotel but if you are claustrophobic this is probably not the place for you. Good bar.	
Sep 2 2009 	decent hotel in a great location	I stayed in the Time for the second time. Normally I prefer the Sheratons around the corner or the Hudson in the Summer. Rooms are good, bed is comfortable and bathrooms are clean. For a NYC hotel, this is pretty good since it is difficult to find a hotel in that price category. Restaurant is nice, and their pretty bartenders know how to make cocktails!	
Aug 25 2009 	Very Good Experience!!	We booked a suite at the Time, for three adults and a 2.5-year old. The staff is down to earth, friendly, and readily eager to accommodate the client's wishes. The rooms offer a modern atmosphere and not a cookie cutter image of most hotels. The location is excellent: the Theater District, Times Square etc. The adjacent Serafina restaurant, serving the hotel's guests at 20% discount, is quite good.(A slight complaint: the extensible sofa that two of us had to use has a fairly thin mattress through which one could feel the metal frame.)What counts a great deal in this review, however, is the following experience: we had forgotten a pair of large gold earrings in the room, fact of which we only became aware a few days after we returned. We called the hotel, they said the earrings had been found and they FedEx-ed them to us, for a decent charge. Overall, the Time Hotel is a place to which we will definitely return in the future.	
Aug 25 2009 	HUGE EMBARRASSMENT	I organized a group of 7 people plus myself for a week long business trip. Having stayed at The Time several months ago and had a great experience, this time was horrible and embarassing for me, being the organizer. Everyone had room problems which included one or more of the following: - broken TVs - Air conditioning not working - No water pressure - shower heads leaking and spraying water all over the bathroom - Internet service issues (service down for 2 days) - some of the rooms are so small there's only 12&quot; between the end of the bed and the wallThe staff is generally nice, but not very competent. They're very young and seem rather &quot;green&quot; when it comes to hotel customer service. They want to help, but not really sure what to do. There's potential here, but the management needs to step in and the rooms all need serious maintenance work.	
Aug 24 2009 	Good value hotel	I stayed at this hotel Aug 21st and 22nd. The price was really great for its location. The public areas were very clean and although packed into a tight spot they make good use of the space and I didn't feel as if I were being squeezed walking to my room. The room we had was small but comfortable. There was a 42 inch (I think that was the size) flat panel TV but I didn't spend much time in the room although I was able to notice the TV signal wasn't the greatest. The king sized bed was really comfortable with good quality sheets and pillows. I didn't use the safe but there was one there. The bathroom was also small but very clean and good quality tiles. The shower was great and whether you like really hot water or not, there was a temperature for you. The pressure was perfect. Oh, the TP was good quality too. The staff were very friendly, attentive, and speedy whenever we asked for anything (only twice actually).	
Aug 20 2009 	Terrible room	I have stayed at this hotel and had a decent room for the price, This time the room was awful. Very small (Stress very) old, chipped paint, bathroom was barely big enough for one, hot water took forever and the air conditioning made alot of noise. This time we got the hotel through hotwire, perhaps that was the reason they gave us such a horrific room. The entrance and bar very retro and cool but it is a real gamble to book a room here.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great location but you get what you pay for...	This was our second trip to New York City and we found The Time online and saw the good reviews it had. The location is great! Right across the street from the Chicago theater, around the corner from Times Square, and within walking distance of the subway, Rockefeller Center, etc. With that being said, our experience with the hotel was marginal, at best. Our room was very small and we had a double size bed! I didn't even know those were options in hotels anymore! There was paint peeling/chipping on the walls, the bathroom had mold on the ceiling, and the AC rattled and didn't actually cool the room off that much.,,much to our dismay in the 95* heat! Also, beware that on Saturday nights, the club downstairs gets very busy and the hotel staff seemed more interested in making sure those guests were taken care of than actual hotel guests. Overall, it's a good price for a great location...if you don't mind getting what you pay for.	
Aug 12 2009 	Excellent hotel! Will stay there whenever in NYC.	Good surprise. Friendly staff. Modern room interior, 2 full HD 32&quot; TVs, BOSE stereo!! Two articulated lamps for good reading at bed. Very nice. Close to theaters and restaurants. We stayed 5 nights e will surely return to it the next trip. Congratulations to the staff.	
Aug 8 2009 	Hotel ok - shame about the staff...	First night of honeymoon - had been travelling for 22 hours straight. Arrived at 1am, having rung the hotel to warn them of late arrival due to to air delays. Receptionist ignored our presence for nearly 5 minutes whilst chatting on his mobile phone until I said 'excuse me' in a very direct manner. He informed us the hotel was full and that we would have to re-locate to another hotel in another area. We remonstrated about the number of months we had had this booked (6) and the response we got back was 'too bad'... My husband then informed him he had requested a bottle of champagne to be put in the room and, miraculously, the room became available... Had he not requested that bottle, we would have spent our first night of honeymoon wandering Time Square... The receptionist was discourteous and put us off staying here again. The room was nothing more than alright - glad we were only there for 3 nights. Great to be so close to Time Square and was excellent for travel around Manhatten.	
Aug 5 2009	Great Hotel	I just stayed at the TIme hotel for three nights. The staff was extremely friendly, making sure that we had everything we needed. Upon our arrival, they upgraded us to a two room suite, The rooms are average size for NYC. I would definitely recommend this hotel. Clean and friendly. Great location.	
Aug 2 2009 	Will stay again 	This hotel was wonderful. It was clean, safe &amp; in a great location. My husband said he had the best breakfast in his life at the Serafina. Staff was freindle except the girl when we checked in. Will stay again.	
Aug 2 2009 	Better than I ever imagined!!	I really would recommend you to choose Time Hotel! The interior was beautiful, the rooms where much larger than I could imagine for a New York hotel. It made us quite comfortable. The room was cleaned, the bed was made up, the bath room was always delicious - every day. We had lovely bathrobes at our disposal, towels, iron, hair dryer, newspaper every day. TV was very well and so also the radio. The room service did efficiently serve us lovely food from the restaurant in the building. Everybody who worked at the hotel was very kind and serviceminded. Always with a nice hello to us. Always with a smile. And they had service for everything from carrying our luggage, ordering shuttle buses, booking of tickets to events.  Our AC went down. An hour later we were installed in a new, fresh room.And the location, so nice to walk to so many spots we wanted to see: Times Sq, Rockefeller, Circle Line, Central Park, the Metro, ...We are SO satisfied!Best wishes from Norway	
Jul 28 2009 	great location but not very clean	my family &amp; stayed here on an overnight trip to new york! great location...very close to time square! the hotel though is not very clean. probably would not be staying here again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Perfect location miniature rooms	The hotel location is very good - one block from Times Square, but the rooms are too small even for Manhattan. You can't even hang you clothes as there is no wardrobe. The rooms are showing some wear and tear buy they are relatively clean. No issues with the service.	
Jul 24 2009 	Could not have asked for a better place to stay.	From the moment we entered the building, we felt very welcomed. Every person we encountered had a friendly smile, and all were very accomodating. Rooms were extremely clean and comfortable. To sum it up we had a super stay at The Time!	
Jul 23 2009 	Great place slow service	The Time hotel was a great place to stay because I was travelling with a 14 year old and 2 smaller dogs. For the price, the size of the room was great. There were two TVs, effective AC, and a resto and bar right downstairs. I liked the hotel because even though it was upscale, it wasn't ridiculousy stuck up. The staff was really nice and the location was pretty central to eveything I needed.The only problem I had with the place was that service was really slow. When it came time to check out, we called for someone to come get our bags and they never came. Eventually one of us went downstairs to check out and ask for someone in person after 45 min of waiting. We had a similar problem with our breakfast. We had ordered it the night before to come at a certain time and they barely made the timeline. Some of the food was wrong ( ie wrong drinks) and when they had brought everything up, there was no butter for toast, no ketchup, salt, or sugar for coffee/tea, no jelly/ jam (all of which were items said to have come with the food.). And when we asked for the items, it took them another 30 min to bring them up. By then our food was cold and we were in a rush to leave so no one got to really enjoy their food - an this was an $80 breakfast ( for 3ppl)!	
Jul 23 2009 	Location and Friendly Service at a Great Price	I have stayed in a number of hotels in the Times Square area of NYC. Hands down The Time is the best deal. It is udated with bright and moderm decor and amenities. The staff is very friendly and professional. The rooms are slightly roomier than most in the same price range and fairly quiet. The one improvement I would suggest is more visible security features including elevators to guest floors that require guest room keys to operate.	
Jul 20 2009 	Pay a few bucks more and go elsewhere.	Except for the location, there isn't one redeeming factor to The Time. My room had a &quot;wonderful&quot; view of two huge metal pipes right in front of the window. And the tiny sink in the bathroom was all but clogged still. Plus my AC broke at around 8:30pm causing the room to reach a sweltering 79.7 degrees - the service guy took one look at it and told me that he had to change the whole unit before it would work properly. I called the front desk to get a different room and was told that they were all sold out. After a few strong words on my part, miraculously an available room was located. Of course, there had to be something wrong with the new room too. Another &quot;wonderful&quot; view of a dirty brick wall a few feet away from the window, and a TV that didn't work. I was so tired by the end of the night, that a non-functioning TV was the least of my concerns. Another person in my party had a suite - the couch in the suite had visible shoe prints, as if someone had stood on the couch with shoes on and housekeeping neglected to dust off the prints. Definitely not acceptable.My advice to Trip Advisor visitors - pay $20 more and stay at The W nearby. The Time really isn't worth the minor amount of saving.	
Jul 18 2009 	Felt like I was at a Hostel!!!	I used to live in Manhattan and this was a favorite spot of mine for drinks after work. Thought it would be fun to stay here for once and the room rate was ridiculously reasonable for NYC.That said, I arrived at midnight from a long day of flying and was first struck but the tiny elevators with dirty carpeting. Then the poorly lit hallway that still did not hide the dirty carpeting. Now for the ridiculous - which I guess is what you get for a low rate (Room 301):1 - Room was so small it would make a Ian Schrager hotel feel like the Taj Mahal2 - There were NO pillows on the bed after an obvious turn down service had occured. When I called the front desk about this, they challenged me as if it weren't possible3 - The window overlooked another building that was 10 feet away offering no light at all (I never opened my window shades as there was another window from an office building that looked directly into my room)4 - The bathroom sink faucet literally was not affixed to the porcelain sink!5 - The shower was like standing under a hose....heat was fine, but the water did not spray just poured6 - On my last morning, I ordered a pot of coffee and waited about a half hour before calling to find out where the coffee was. The coffee arrived 15 minutes later in a porcelain tea pot covered in Saran Wrap. This was not enough for even 2 cups and then by the time I got to second, it was lukewarm. This was a $ 9.21 charge!!!All I can say is, I would never stay there again even if it were free!	
Jul 18 2009 	very good hotel I enjoyed staying there.	I booked the hotel through QUICKBOOK site which offered me the room for a single use at 118$ + tax.The location is great, the room was indeed very small but for one person it was OK. It was a very nice room with comfortable bed and nice decor.I stayed on the 16th floor and didn't hear any noise.The stuff was freindly and helpful.The only down side of this hotel is that they charged me 5$ per day for keeping my suitcase for 5 days when I went for a trip and came back to stay there. 2 more days. I have never been charged for such a service in any hotel in the world.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great location but noisy and small rooms otherwise OK	My wife and I stayed at the Time Hotel (49th and between Broadway and 8th) in July. The location is fantastic. Just half a block from the end of Time Square and in the center point of most of the theatres.The staff was quite friendly, although one of the concierges seemed very uninterested in helping us out, the rest of the staff (including the cleaning lady!) were very nice. We asked for help with getting to the airport, and the staff booked a shuttle for us. Very good!I recommend dining at the Serafina, the cafe/restaurant in the 1st floor, as this place provided a very good breakfast at an OK bargain (20% discount for those staying at the Hotel, ~$10 per person incl. bread, croissant, jam, fruit, juice and coffee.There was free internet in the rooms! Yup, completely free wireless lan. For those who haven't checked in there's even free internet in the 2nd floor lobby / bar.The rooms are noisy. This is really my only negative point. There's an air conditioning unit in each room, and this unit is very noisy. When it hits its high note (approx. every 20 minutes) it feels like you're in an airplane at cruise altitude. So for those who can't sleep in a noisy environment, stay away!	
Jul 13 2009 	The Time Lied To Me!	First off the hotel was in a perfect location. BUT, I booked this hotel 4 months ago because they tols me they had 2 king beds and a pullout in the room. They also told me we could have 2 adjoining suites. I called two days before the trip to confirm and they said adjoining suites did not exist in this hotel! They told me the suites would be across the hall from one another insted. I was fine with that. We arrived on friday afternoon and they told me they were all booked!! They said they knew I confirmed it all ready and they were sorry but they couldnt help me. I was so upset bc I had 8 girls with me! They finally said we could have the suites that we originally booked....phew....SO we go up to the room and it has 1 bed and 1 couch!! I asked what the heck was going on and they told me it was the biggest room they had! UGH! Plus there were no ipod docks as promised.	
Jul 10 2009 	Horrible	I booked the hotel thru priceline and stayed in a room on the 15th floor. Horrible is the simplest way to put it. The room is very small and not safe (electrical is not stable, faucet keeps dripping). It looks like the hotel added these rooms to give to priceline buyers with no regard to safety. This hotel should be rated zero stars	
Jul 4 2009 	Won't come back again	The one saving grace of this hotel is that is very well situated, right on Times Square and close to all the Theaters; but the hotel's appearance and their service are bad.To begin with, there's the doorman who stood outside all day and night smoking and chatting with girls, not only he doesn't bother opening the door for you but he just stands there blocking it! I thought it was very rude and unprofessional.The next thing you find when you go to register on their mini reception area is that is across from their restaurant/bar. We arrived at night and the music was so loud we could barely hear a thing! not to mention that the bar crowd look a bit sketchy.The room was small and the bathroom even smaller! I mean tiny.The view was the back of other buildings but I guess it's NY and not everyone can get a view, I understand that. The bed was comfortable, but whoever cleaned the room before we got in didn't do a good job. There was garbage in the floor!First impression was terrible and I just didn't enjoyed the place the rest of our stay.I loved NY but I will never come back to this hotel.	
Jun 24 2009 	Excellent location nice hotel and friendly service	We were really satisfied with the hotel. Location is excellent, right off Times Square and close to subways. We expected a small room, but were pleasanty surprised of the room we received considering it is in NYC. Even with two suitcases each, it did not feel crowded. We did not receive the two separate beds we'd requested, but the King Size bed was fine. Service was excellent, when there was an error on my bill at checkout, they corrected it without any discussions. Luggage storage was reasonable and very hassle free. They also helped us to the best of their ability when our shuttle to the airport did not arrive as requested (due to a flat tire). Would definately stay here again if I would be able to get a good rate. Booked our stay through booking.com which did not charge my credit card until checkout which also is a plus compared to other sites (hotels.com for example).	
Jun 21 2009 	Good value.	The room was small, bathroom tiny, but everything was clean and comfortable. Location great. Staff friendly and helpful. Only downside is very slow elevator service; high speed internet service intermittent. Even so, I would definitely stay again.	
Jun 18 2009 	Will definitely come back here again	This place was great aside from a little issue we had upon checking in. Apparently they &quot;hold&quot; money in case of incidentals on your credit card. Of this, we were not prior informed and didnt transfer sufficient funds before checking in. Our check-in was held up, as we had to go find an internet cafe to transfer money onto our card.Apart from that, the hotel was really nice. Our rooms were great. We were there for 8 nights. Only one day, housekeeping didnt clean our room, which we didnt even notice until the hotel wanted to compensate us, and had arranged breakfast at the restaurant downstairs, which was lovely.The rooms are small, but very neat and appear to be quite modern.The location of this place is fantastic. After reading the other reviews, we also seemed to have had the radio turned on every time we came back into the room. We loved it. The hotel was professional, provided the amenities we needed and was really nice to come back to at the end of a big day.BIG THUMBS UP FROM US!!!!!	
Jun 15 2009 	Disappointing - Would not recommend	We travel to NYC at least twice a year, almost always staying at 4-5 star hotels. This is a four star hotel were housekeeping comes in your room at anytime, things come up missing and we also kept wondering why our radio station was changed every time we came back to our room. Also, when making the bed housekeeping left the pillows laying on the floor?! There are cameras everywhere, yet when we reported our missing items to the concierge, they indicated an investigation would be initiated and we’re still waiting for a response. The toilet was constantly backed-up. My husband had to wash his hair with shower gel as toiletries were not replaced for our second night stay. At the bar, my husband was in romantic mode and gave me one of the flowers from the small vases. A few minutes later a bar tender rudely asked me were I got the flower from and asked me to return it! (I guess it was my husband’s fault for not purchasing one for me off the street!) An $18 charge for the lily (1) was in our bill and then taken off as a refund.) At check in staff indicated there would be a $100 hold in our card, but it actually was a $300 (which was no problem) but accurate information should have been provided. Shoppers Alert! If you come back with your hands full of bags, no doorman on call on Saturdays! The public restroom for the restaurant/ bar area did not have toilet or towel paper. Comment cards not available. Hotel manager informed of our list of complaints, however these were cordially disregarded. If you want to receive the service you deserve whether on business or pleasure stay at W, Intercontinental or even the Holiday Inn! There are lots of hotels within the area that would definitely live up to their star rating!	
Jun 9 2009 	Not a bad place to stay at all	I was a bit worried when I first read reviews of this hotel but it was recommended by a friend and I managed to find a good deal so taking the plunge, I booked the hotel.First of all, the hotel's location in W49th Street is excellent. I was able to walk to many places of interest and some of the further tourist attractions (the Museum Mile, Statue Of Liberty) were all simple subway rides away. Broadway is literally on the doorstep as is Times Square and there is a large chemist nearby which is also handy. The rooms as expected were quite small but were clean and had all you would need for a short city break (iron, hairdryer, nice towels). The bed was very comfortable (though I had to remove the bolster pillows to fit on the bed and I am only 5'9&quot;!) and the shower is also very good, easy to operate and spacious. The staff were polite but more reactive than proactive. However, when it came down to it, they did help as much as they could and remained professional throughout.The only problems I had were with the Do Not Disturb sign which is a switch on the back of the peephole. I accidentally switched mine on (one thing to note - i was not shown up to my room by a concierge and had an embarrasing episode trying to locate the bathroom light switch which was behind the towel rail!) and as a result, my room was not cleaned and it was only when I asked the cleaner that this was explained to me so if you do stay here, be careful of that!There is a restaurant attached to the hotel which is pricey and not the biggest portions but is fine if you are tired or can't decide where to eat. However, for breakfast, I discovered a branch of the Magnolia Bakery on 6th Ave which was only a short walk away and for dinner, there was an excellent Thai restaurant on 46th called Yum Yum which had amazing food at a reasonable price.If this is your first time in New York, i wouldn't necessarily recommend this hotel - that's not say it is a bad hotel but for a first trip, i think it can be quite overwhelming. However, if you have been New York before (like I have) and need a well located hotel, the Time is a very good choice, especially if you can get a good deal.	
Jun 9 2009 	Who Could Ask For Anything More	Stayed 4 days/3 nights with no complaints. Boutique style hotel that is clean, modern, comfy beds, good service and ideally located near Times Square and Theatres with easy access to anything you would like to see or do in Manhattan. Stayed in a room with 1 Full Bed and room was rather quaint (you would not be able to fit a rollaway for example) and not a ton of space to store your luggage, but it seems that is normal for New York City. Stayed on a high floor facing the back so did not hear city noise especially with A/C on. Slept like a baby. Serafina restaurant within the hotel has very good food and I ate there most of my stay. Only confusing thing is the lobby is on the second floor and there is no big flashing sign that says &quot;The Time&quot;. We got a rate of $120 per night + tax so really that could not be beat and it was an excellent value for money. Would definitely recommend if you are able to get a reasonable rate (Check quikbook.com or travelzoo.com).	
Jun 8 2009 	Great location. Clean and modern rooms.	I got this hotel on Priceline and was pleasantly surprised. The Time is located right off Broadway @ 49th. Besides being centrally located, you are also close to a few subway lines. The rooms were normal NYC sized (king-size bed, desk, closet, and there was even space around the bed.) Bathroom was a good size, shower-only. I didn't go to the bar, but it was packed both nights so it's a viable option if you are feeling lazy. Staff was friendly, and I got a late (1pm) checkout. I had a room in the back and it was extremely quiet.	
Jun 5 2009 	Great clean hotel for a low price	Me and my boyfriend stayed here for a week. It was a great price for NYC..the cheapest we could find..it was so cheap I was really worried about what the hotel would be like but we were pleasantly surprised. It was clean, had all modern features and the staff were friendly. It had a modern decor and flat screen TV which was great to come home to. Highly recommend for ppl traveling on a budget..for us it was perfect!	
May 28 2009 	No complaints for the price!	Nice NYC Time Square area hotel - booked on priceline for $100. Ask for 2 double beds when we arrive and they were able to accommodate us - no extra charge. Parking garage right across the street--only $30 if u stay at the hotel - a bargain for NY! The rooms are small, bathroom very tiny, the &quot;gym&quot; is very old equipment but overall this place is well worth the price! there is also a market across the street - get your water/etc there the mini bar prices are out of control! (5.50 for water!)	
May 27 2009 	Ewww....bed bugs	Bed bugs?! When I complained to the front desk they sent up an inspector who said it was fine but I was covered in bites!	
May 25 2009 	Location is good but not much else	Good location for theater, central to subways, restaurants and entertainment. Many problems with rooms. First room was on a low floor, noisy day and night, with a broken bathroom window which allowed easy access into the unit from the roof next door. Second room was on a higher floor, with an A/C that rattled like a freight train. Third room was quiet and sufficient, although the rug and sofa were stained, and the plumbing did not work well. Staff is nice and very friendly, but slow to respond to requests (such as requests for ice and plumbing repair). There's business center and the concierge was unable to access airline websites to print boarding passes, so bring a laptop or be prepared to go to the cyber cafe down the street for any online needs.	
May 20 2009 	Annoying	I got this hotel by bidding on priceline, $120 per room for a standard room with one queen size bed. Since 8 of us were travelling together, I requested that both rooms be switched to have 2 double beds instead about 2 months before the trip. The lady I spoke with said it would be an extra $40 per room per night because it was considered an upgrade. One week before the trip, I made a call to confirm that we would be given 2 doubles instead of 1 queen. The lady I spoke with 2 months ago never took down our request. I finally got a confirmation for 2 doubles in rooms next to each other.The day we get to the hotel, we arrived at 12:30 p.m. We checked in, but were told that our rooms would not be ready until 3 p.m. which was fine since we were all hungry and wanted to go out for lunch anyways. They stored our luggage for us. When we arrived back at the hotel at 3:15 pm, exhausted, we were told only 1 room was ready. All 3 of the workers at the front desk were mumbling things to each other but no one said a thing to us as to why our room wasn't ready. They said it would take another 10 minutes, but it ended up taking 40 minutes. They put us on separate floors, when I had originally asked for the rooms to be next to each other. The rooms were extremely small, so the &quot;upgrade&quot; was basically bullshit. We then waited another 40 minutes for our luggage to get to our rooms. Overall, we wasted more than an hour waiting for our rooms and our luggage.More about the rooms, there is a safe, 40 inch flat screen, and a doorbell for each room, but no microwave, closet, or dresser, which is plain stupid.The bill for the rooms did not match the amount charged to my account, which I had to get it straigtened out. Another headache. I will never stay here again.	
May 8 2009 	Good Hotel perfect location	This is a grate hotel for young copuls traveling to NYC.We spened 5 nights.It was clean, had a helpfull concierge.Small rooms, but we did not go to NY to stay in a hotel so it did not matter.	
May 1 2009 	Loved the Time!	My Mom and I stayed at the Time April 26 - 30 and I would definitely recommend this hotel.Let's start with the location. Being located at 49th between 7th and 8th - you couldn't ask for a better location. The area was quiet at night, which surprised me for the location and you are so close to everything. We went to see Billy Elliot (which was great) and the walk back to the hotel was only a few blocks away. Within only a few steps you are within Times Square and it was great for being able to go out at night and take pictures. The hotel is just down the street from Grayline tours location, so when we wanted to book a tour it was just down the street (I don't like booking from the guys hounding me on the street). To find this hotel look for the Yellow Serafina restaurant sign. It's right next door to the O'Neil theater.Price - I got a deal through Priceline - and couldn't complain about the price. I would use Priceline again and try to get the Time.Room - we stayed in a King Room - Yellow. The room was bigger than I thought (still tiny but you're not in NYC to stay in the room). The room was very clean and we didn't have any issues about the paint falling off, mold etc. The room had a Bose Wave radio and a flat screen tv. We used the safe and didn't have any issues. I didn't buy anything from the minibar as those things are crazy over priced in all hotels. You have to be careful because the fridge is weight censored so it might think you've taken something if you move things around. I can see having an issue if you have large suitcases for storage, there isn't any drawer space (at least in our room) but our suitcases were carry on size so this wasn't an issue. The bed was comfortable, my mom didn't like the pillows but I didn't have an issue. The bed itself was comfortable, I know someone reviews have said the bed is too hard but I didn't notice.Bathroom - the room came with housecoats, which I thought was a nice touch. The products they supplied were nice and replaced as I used them. I can't remember the name of them but were were given everything needed. Our towels were replaced daily even though we hung them back up ourselves. I recall reading one review saying their towels weren't replaced everyday. There is a sign in the bathroom that says they are trying to be &quot;green&quot; and only replacing the towels when requested. If you hang the towels up, they are not replaced. The one complaint my mother had was the temperature of the water in the shower.....it went from HOT to scalding HOT!! I could handle the coldest temperature but my mom still found it too hot. The thing that I liked, the hair dryers were real hairdryers...not those stupid things attached to the walls that take an hour to dry your hair.Staff - staff at the front desk was nice. We didn't have any issues with them. I didn't have any problems where I needed help so my review of the staff is limited. the guys at the front door were helpful and pointed out the Olympic Diner for breakfast on 8th ave. They make a mean French toast. YUMMY!!!We didn't eat at the hotel so I have no idea what the food is like. I never saw a lot of people in there.I would stay at the time again in a second. I didn't have any complaints, the location is great and the price was right.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great location	We stayed here April 20-23, booked through priceline. I was nervous because I'd never heard of The Time. The location was excellent, Times Square, Theatre District, Rockefellar Center....The rooms were very small, okay for two people--how much time do you spend in your hotel room in NYC??!!! The rooms were clean and the staff were very friendly. The restaurant was always busy, food looked good, but we never ate there.	
Apr 23 2009 	warm 	Ditto to everything the positive reviews have already said. Great location, lovely decoration, excellent beds. PLUS, the staff were so friendly. They really look like they enjoy working there, and it was a joy being their guest. Everyone from the front desk, concierge, cleaners an doormen were so helpful. Went out of their way. I really felt like a 'guest' there. I mentioned as I checked out- that I wondered, it must be such a great place to work and they must enjoy it alot, and the front desk staff people said yes, it really was a beautiful place to work. Looks like a very well managed and maintained place. So nice to visit there. Was quite expensive, but hey- it's the theatre district.Don't be tempted to eat at 'PAX' down the street (unrelated place cafe down the road). Woeful coffee, horrible service, dirty... we started calling it POX.	
Apr 18 2009 	Would definitely stay here again!	Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights with my teenage daughter to shop and go to a show. Everything was better than expected since I was a little wary because the price was such a bargain for NYC. The staff was friendly, the room small but functional (but who spends time in you room in NYC!) the beds were comfortable, and location was excellent.	
Apr 7 2009 	Everything was great!	We had great service. I requested an upper floor got it. Requested an upgrade got it. The bar was great. The service was wonderful and our room was just like the web site. Would stay there in a New York Minute. Location can not be beat.	
Mar 31 2009 	The best you can get in a reasonable NY Hotel	I changed to the time hotel two days before my departure to NY (I had booked Murray Hill Suites before), and it was an excellent last minute change!Usually people say average and central hotels in NY are old, noisy, sometimes dirty and usually they don’t worth the price. If you try something slightly better than a three star, you are already paying the double for it. This is just what you will find in the majority of the hotels in NY, but not at the Time Hotel.The Time Hotel is right in front of the Chicago Musical Theatre (in the Broadway District). It is located at a street and not in an avenue, so its much quieter than those located in avenues. It as (only!) 14 floors, so it is not a truly skyscraper! Than, it’s a quite new hotel! It’s modern and cosy, comfortable and fashion, its perfect! During my stay, I notice that guests were mainly low profile artists, and some tourists, too, of course.I believe there is no better average hotel in such a central area of NY! I’ve just found the food at the restaurant a bit expensive for what we’ve eaten. And through booking.com, Ip aid the same I would pay for a three star hotel.And believe it or not, I' am usually quite critical in what concerns hotels! Honestly, I think that the majority of the critics made here to this hotel are not fair at all!	
Mar 17 2009 	The Great Location is what makes this hotel	The Time hotel couldn't really get much closer to Times Square, great location. The rooms were nice, but the mini bar was really overpriced. I also had a really bad experience with the mini bar because on my last night i got a bill of $60 for drinks that I had NEVER taken from the mini bar. On arrival they make you give your card details so they can resereve $100 in case you run up a bill, I wasn't best pleased about this because obviously this meant that that $60 was automatically taken from my bank. I was really angry and when I went to the front desk they told me that the mini bar was sensored, so everything I had picked up and then put back I was charged for on this bill. They told me I would be refunded once they had checked everything was still there, and they did refund me the costs of their drinks but I never did get back the overseas card charge which was something like £5 (not the point).Another strange point is that a ladies jacket just appeared in our room one day, it was a evening wear blazer and we still have no idea how it got there???? I got a good deal on this hotel so overall I was happy. The location makes the hotel, so despite the stupid mini-bar bill I have looked to go back in November. I do however refuse to pay $700 for a 3 night stay, it's not worth that much so I'd reccommend you to go if you get a deal, if not look elsewhere.	
Mar 11 2009 	the WORST service in NY..no the WORLD	Internet constantly down, phones never answered, packages/faxes never delivered, food OVERPRICED, just seems like anything you ask for JUST doesn't get done. Very unfriendly staff who just don't give a damn.Unfortunate, i cut my 3 month stay to 2 weeks, i couldn't bare it anymore.	
Mar 8 2009 	Nice hotel but beware of the noise level. . .	I got a super-cheap deal on this hotel, and booked two weekend nights because I was in NYC for a wedding. The rooms are small, but tastefully decorated and the bathrooms are very nice with lots of towels. The only problem: I asked for a quiet room when I checked in, and was put next to the elevator shaft. I could literally hear the elevator going up and down. But when I came in Saturday night, the noise level in the second floor bar was deafening. If you had a room above that, I don't see how you could sleep. The bottom line here: I would stay here again, but this is not a well sound-proofed hotel so really insist that you are in a quiet place.	
Mar 8 2009	Fantastic location - hotel just a	Fantastic location for getting EVERYWHERE in New York whether walking, bus, taxi or subway. Friendly helpful staff. We have stayed at this hotel before but this time things were just a bit off. Phone and TV required maintenance, computer needed different connection, amenities not replaced unless asked, etc. Just a little more attention to upkeep and ensuring standard service expected of any hotel is required. Would stay at hotel again as it is very comfortable but just wish we hadn’t needed to keep asking for things like more shampoo/tissues, replacement phone, etc.Extra tip: Try Cafe Groppi on West 49th Street which is about 4 mins walk from hotel. Fantastic food all day (breakfast, lunch, dinner, late) at reasonable (for New York) prices. Lovely people too.	
Mar 2 2009 	It takes more than a good location to make even a decent hotel...	Mold, paint peeling off the walls, bathroom and heater unit held together with caulk, nasty stains on carpets and furniture, failure to vacuum the floor even once during my 3-night stay, and trash and housekeeping supplies left in the hallway for my entire stay were just some of the frustrating, even disgusting, &quot;amenities&quot; of this hotel. The first room I was given was so small (and not New York hotel room small, but closet small) I could not roll my suitcase between the bed and the furniture on either side. When the thermostat did not work (room was at 80 degrees when I entered) they offered to move me to a different room -- on the third floor right above the loud bar/lounge. When I insisted on a room that was comfortable from a temperature perspective where I could sleep, I was told my only choice was to upgrade to a suite.The management of this hotel obviously cares nothing about quality or respecting their guests, and [-] clearly has a major hole in their ratings process to place this poorly maintained property at 3.5 stars. Even given the Times Square location, this is a two-star hotel at best. The fact is I have stayed in Motel 6 or Days Inn rooms that were cleaner, more pleasant and accommodating.	
Feb 14 2009 	Exceeded expectations	I was here for several nights in December. Really enjoyed my stay.The room was pretty small, but the way it was arranged made really efficient use of the space. It was immaculately clean - nice bedding, clean bathroom. I had two minor issues when I was there, and both were addressed promptly once I brought them to the staff's attention. This isn't a hotel with super-mega frills - wi-fi is extra - but it's in a great location. It's near a lot, but not in the midst of it, so if you want to steer clear of the hectic parts of Times Square you can. I'd stay here again in a second.	
Feb 7 2009 	Right place at the right time.	I was booked here by the Broadway League for a business event. After reading the reviews here, I wasn't certain about staying there, but I thought if the League is recommending it, it must be OK. We found it to be delightful! The rooms are small - this is Manhattan and if you want a big room, you're gonna pay huge bucks for it. But, it had everything you needed and some nice perks too. The Bose Wave radio (it's not an Ipod dock as one reviewer expected... it's a radio!) has a great sound. Our room was toward the back of the hotel and overlooked rooftops, so we left the curtains down. A windowbox light made it appear that sunlight was streaming in, even though the drapes were closed. The TV remote has a sensor that is not attached to the TV so if you place things on the desk that block the sensor, the remote won't work. (Another problem cited by a different reviewer.) There is an expensive mini bar - typical. WIFI was iffy, but the in-room ethernet connection worked great. We had a &quot;red&quot; room which felt vaguely &quot;Japanese&quot; to me with clean lines, black furniture and no wasted space. Bathroobes to lounge in were fluffy.The huge shower had plenty of hot water and pressure. Everything was clean. Maids were wonderful about coming in when it was convenient for us. There is a parking garage right across the street. The hotel is about 1/2 block to the very top of Times Square and about 2 blocks to the heart of it. The play &quot;Chicago&quot; is at the theatre right across the street. They were loading out &quot;Spring Awakening&quot; from next door and &quot;Mamma Mia&quot; is just out and around the corner. There is a Food Emporium across the street and 1/2 block down - upstairs is deli food and basement had a grocery store great for families watching their $$. Lots of cool sidewalk vendors on 9th ave, just aroudn the block. Subway, shopping, theatre, it's all within easy walking distance. Everything was clean. The staff was wonderful. The door isn't well marked - look for the yellow signs for Sarafina's - so I'm glad I knew the lobby was on the second floor.	
Jan 27 2009 	Birthday	Enjoyed our night a the TIME HOTEL - staff was very courteous and helpful. Used the conceirge to book car reservations for our visiting guests which they also confirmed and followed through with. Also asked them for suggestions for a variety of lounges to stop in before our dinner reservation. Room is small, clean and bright and also has all the necessary amenities including a filled honor bar. The location of the hotel is in a great spot especially for a broadway show. Would stay there again.	
Jan 25 2009 	Perfect Cute Hotel cuter price!	Great Boutique Hotel.. safe area. Gym -was very clean, medium to newer equipment. Ultra modern feel though.. Clean room. VERY simple... Again. great ultra modern feel. FANTASTIC location. Employees were rarely seen (not a bad thing) but when they were, very pleasent. Quiet hotel, never wakened by the hustle and bustle of times square. Flat screen tv was beautiful. Downside was that the room was very small... Along with the bathroom. Not much room for your things.. (and i dont have that much for a bussuness trip).Bar/lounge was impressive! great decor... All in all.. for a simple traveler who likes luxury with not alot of $ to spend, it was VERY comfortable.	
Jan 25 2009 	Great location...lovely staff	My teenage daughter, my nephew and I stayed at The Time for 4 nights including New Year's Eve. I found it to be central to everything (mostly shopping :). The staff were extremely helpful and eager to please. I will agree that the doorman was absent a fair bit. I found the room to be clean and spacious (we had a suite) and the kids loved the tv's and the funky atmosphere. Housekeeping was helpful (there is actually a button above the peephole on the door that allows you to set it to Do Not Disturb and, if set, the doorbell won't ring and they won't make up your room--didn't figure that out until day 2.). Overall, I found it to be a great value and great location. The staff were warm and friendly and always rushing to help. I would definitely recommend The Time.	
Jan 22 2009	Party time at the Times	This hotel was very nice for the most part: clean, friendly service, convenient location, adequate lounge and restaurant. The rooms are on the small side, even for New York standards. We did have one major problem. A group of 20 people (head count provided by the front desk) held a party in a suite on our floor that raged on from 1:00 AM through 6:00 AM. The noise was tolerable when the party was contained to the suite, but when the crowd spilled out into the hallway, the noise was unbearable. The night was a comical cycle of calls to the front desk, security chasing the party back into the suite, only to have the halls filled again minutes after security left. Finally, at 6:00 AM, security escorted the unregistered guests from the hotel. I suppose I am a bit jealous that I was not having a good time with the crowd, but we planed to checkout at 8:00 AM to catch a train home. What was most disappointing was the hotel manager had very little sympathy for us the next morning when we lodged our complaints. She was more concerned over her inconvenience caused by the ransacked suite than the fact we got no sleep. I guess it was silly of me to expect a good night sleep in the hotel room I paid for.	
Jan 7 2009 	OK for New York	This is not a typical hotel room. We stayed in a suite since there were three of us. Here are the issues we had: 1.The sofa beds are horrible and we had to ask someone to come up at 11pm to make the sofa bed up. 2. Remote control on TV's didn't work even after telling the front desk about it. 3. Luggage took 45 minutes to get to tthe room. 4. No ipod/MP3 hook up to the Bose system as advertised on their website. When I asked about it there was no apology and a denial that the website indicated such. 5. Hallways are very dark. 5. No dressers - just a closet and a leaning ladder rack. 6. Lack of character - tried to be minimalist, but the place comes off very cold and uninviting.Good things: 1. Very spacious rooms. 2. Great amenities and space in the bathrooms. 3.Good lighting. 4.Starbucks on the corner. 5. Great location - two blocks from the NWRQ line.Probably would not stay here again.	
Jan 3 2009 	The best hotel yet	me and my husband booked this hotel after looking at their website, and was completely satisified with all the things we saw on the website. a day before we were to go i was havign second thoughts about going, but decided to go anyway. upon arrival the staff were very friendly, and helpful. We checked into our room and was completely happy. The room was clean, organized, did not show signs of aginig. We had a wonderful time. In the morning we found that the bill was slipped under our door, and there was a new york times newspaper on our door step. we will definitely stay there again. we would also recommend it to anyone.	
Jan 3 2009 	Mixed but overall good hotel	This hotel is good but avoid the third floor. Us and some friends stayed 1st night on 3rd floor but were kept up by bass from bar below. Our room also stank of smoke and safe didn't work. We complained and were moved to 14th and 15th floors... much better. Nice rooms. Restaurant downstairs was excellent and as guests you get 20% off. Great location just off time square.	
Jan 2 2009 	wouldn't recommend it	i wouldn't stay here again. the hotel staff seem overwhelmed - our room was not ready at 3pm when we checked in, and one day after being out since 9:30am, we returned at 3:30pm to find our room still being cleaned. they need a system to tell housekeeping when you are out - they don't even have the &quot;service please&quot; door knob hangars. the doorman was missing more than he was there. the staff were nice and tried to accomodate us, but the hotel just seemed to busy for the number of people working (or something). to be fair, it was the weekend after Christmas - so maybe that does not happen normally. it's also not very secure - anyone can walk in on the ground floor and take the elevator up to any of the floors without even being seen by the front desk (which is on the 2nd floor).on the positive side, they did give us a room on a high floor, which we'd requested and made a big difference in terms of noise. it's pretty clean and the room is a decent size for the price and location. bed is comfy and shower has good pressure. if you are going to broadway shows, it is the perfect location - right in the middle of them - anything else, it isn't great because you have to cross times square to get anywhere.	
Dec 26 2008 	More Good than Bad	We originally picked this hotel because they allowed us to bring our dog. After reading some of the reviews (very recent ones) I was a bit nervous about what we would find. Soon I discovered my worries were unnecessary. Here's the good: convenient parking across the street, GREAT location one block from Times Square.. everything is here, a clean room, an awesome shower which is so warm it's hard to leave, a comfortable king bed, and an inviting place for our puppy. If you are looking for something swank or spacious, this is not the place for you. However, if you are looking for a good deal in a fabulous location (and if you happen to have a dog) I would definitely recommend the Time.	
Dec 23 2008 	Wouldn't Stay Here Again	My husband and I were in town to see a Broadway show, and stayed in a room on the 3rd floor on a Saturday night. All we heard until 3 am was the bass from the nightclub/lounge on the 2nd floor. We had the bathroom fan, the heater fan, and a white noise machine all running, but they weren't able to drown out the sound. The room itself was fine, but old. There was mold in the bathroom, and the carpet clearly hadn't been shampooed in years. The staff member who checked us out the next morning didn't bother to ask us how our stay was, probably because he knew we wouldn't have good things to say.	
Dec 20 2008 	Loved this hotel	This hotel was excellent.We were staying there for five days.We booked the biggest room there was and it was still quite small but that did not matter, Because we enyoyed New York so much.The room was very clean and tidy (and every morning the leave a New York times at your door).There is a closet room a sitting room with a thirty inch TV in it (in which there is a sofa which can turn into a bed) there was also another small room with a double bed in and there was a small TV there too.The bath room led of from the room with the double bed in it. Yes the room was a bit noisy but thats New York.There is only a ten minute walk to Time Square (that is a must see in NY).Above all we loved this hotel and New York and would reckomend it to anyone.	
Dec 13 2008 	Hot/Cold	The hotel is labeled a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel although it lacks character. The hotel hallways are exceptionally small and slightly crowded. BUT the hotel was very clean and the room service was excellent. The Inc. Bar in the lobby is EXTREMELY loud on the weekends - has a &quot;club&quot; feeling. (good nightlife!!)If you are looking for a unique boutique hotel, I wouold recommend the Night Hotel in Times Square over the Time Hotel.	
Dec 8 2008 	Had a very enjoyable stay	I spent 3 great nights at the Time Hotel, in NYC.This hotel is great for anyone looking to explore New York as the location is fantastic - literally walking to the end of the block leads you directly into Times Square, and all of it's attractions.The rooms in the hotel are small but are comfortable and clean and fully equipped. Also, I arrived quite early in New York on a flight from Chicago and was expecting to be told that I will have to come back as it was still too early to check, but the friendly lady at reception checked me in immediately! New York was an unforgettable experience. I didn't spend much time in my room as there was s much to see and do but it was really a great place to be based while exploring all that NYC has to offer.. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to prospective visitors to NYC.	
Nov 25 2008	An absolute hole	This hotel is an absolute hole and was really disappointing after it was recommended to us by our travel agent. The rooms are incredibly small, the bathrooms are extremely filthy, the service as a whole was terrible (except when we checked out), the air conditioners are so noisy you need earplugs to sleep, my wife has been bitten to death by bedbugs, the shower curtain and tiles were mouldy and black, the room smelt mouldy, the bed was not made up in two days, the towels are small and so old you can see through, the power sockets were falling out the walls, the mini bar sucked, you have to wait on average 2 mins for a lift, the staff walk around with loud blearing walkie talkies which wake you up in the night (unless you wear earplugs), the bed was radiating heat all night (PROBABLY THE BED BUGS), the thermostat in the aircon didn’t work, the TV reception and sound was dismal, the front desk is chaotic all the time, no one offered to help with our luggage, the Internet service didn’t work (thank god for StarBucks), our toilet was broken and did not flush, we found cockroaches in the bathroom over two consecutive days and experienced cold showers.Overall this ruined our arrival to New York and we found cheaper accomodation with far better service and facilities at a cheaper price 4 streets away.	
Nov 20 2008 	Fantastic New York	My boyfriend and I have just returned from 3 fabulous nights at The Time. This hotel is great for anyone looking to explore New York as the location is fantastic - literally walking to the end of the block leads you directly into Times Square, and all of it's attractions. We booked bus tickets via Grays Line tours and the main stops for both the uptown and downtown loops are within a 5 minute walk.The rooms in the hotel are small but are comfortable and clean and fully equipped. Be warned though, the wardrobes are tiny! We did eat in the Serafina restaurant, which is attached to the hotel, one night and to be honest it was not the best meal that we had; however if you show your room key you do receive 20% discount. Make sure to collect your complimentary drinks - you are given vouchers for this upon check-in.New York is fantastic, and if you are anything like us, you will use the hotel for sleeping only! I would recommend The Time to anyone looking for a central base to explore The Big Apple. If anyone has any questions then please do not hesitate to get in touch. x	
Nov 10 2008 	Great location	After reading some of the reviews, wasn't sure whether to book The Time. In the end there was a good deal on 'Quikbook.com',so we went for it. I booked 2 suites for three nights and confirmed direct with hotel a week before arrival as I hadn't used Quikbook before. On arrival they'd overbooked and only had one suite available, so my son and partner had to have a king room! However they were transferred the next night to their suite and our bill was accordingly reduced. The suites were great -not huge, but that's N.Y. for you. Our suite needed redecorating in places and the sink was cracked,but our son had a great suite newly done with jacuzzi bath( room 1118).The rooms are quiet and the beds are SO comfortable , the bar funky, and the guys on the front door really helpful. However by far the best is the position-just round the corner from Time Sq, and we actually preferred this boutique hotel to the large soulless mega hotels which are around the same price. If you go and don't want to get ripped off ( as you will at any of the establishments around Time Sq/Broadway/7th Ave) head left out of hotel -there's a great deli shop on corner of 8th, and a wide range of less expensive restaurants/cafe's on 9th Ave.Top tips- avoid Carnegies Deli/ Stage Deli- poor food at an exhorbitant price with not so friendly waitresses who complain if they are not given at least 18% tip (18% is the norm throughout N.Y however), do venture down to Little Italy and try the pizzas at Lombardis, go up to the revolving restaurant at Marriott Marquis- and sip a cocktail and view the night lights of Manhattan-amazing. If you are into fine food and the best service ever, try the menu fixe( a la carte is really expensive) at Petrossian (58th St/7th Ave) @ U$ 39 pp and finally, think twice about visiting the Statue of Liberty if you are only in N.Y for a few days- it will take up at least half a day -maybe more-with all the queues, and there are so many better things to see and do.	
Nov 8 2008 	terrific time at the time	recently spent 4 days in nyc and stayed at the time hotel. i was there with my long-time friend as well as her 2 daughters,one who was shopping for her wedding dress. location of hotel could not have been better. time's square was practically on our doorstep! mamma mia was a short walk away. the hotel was clean(and i'm very particular when it comes to clean), service was good, doormen were kind and serafina restaurant was lovely for breakfast even if a bowl of oatmeal was $10.95 !! it was a fabulous stay. oh, by the way, she got her dress at klienfelds.	
Nov 6 2008 	Noisy but good	My husband was in New York on business for a week, and my 8 year old daughter and I came along. We booked a suite, and found it to be a great space for a family. She slept on the pull out couch in the sitting room, and we still had a large king bedroom &amp; bath to ourselves. Great location too, and the staff were friendly and helpful. Small wait to check in as they had just changed their reservation system, but no problems after that. Our room was on the corner facing the street, so it was a little noisy would be my only complaint. Restaurant had great food too.	
Oct 23 2008	Nice colours - small rooms	Very friendly staff. Rooms were clean, with nice colours, but - typical of NYC - very small.Organization somewhat chaotic, you have to place requests 2-3 times at reception, and it took a while until they found all our suitcases to bring to the room - but all really make big efforts to please you.Location excellent, on Broadway near Times Square.	
Oct 11 2008 	Great spot with children	My daughter in law and I took two young children to see Little Mermaid on a Thursday night. In looking for a hotel for the night, we were interested in convenience for the children and safey. I looked at a lot of hotels on line and picked The Time from the reviews written. We were pleased that the hotel was as advertised. Clean, new bathroom, adequate space, and very helpful desk people who knew the subway system, etc and advised us. The price was moderate as far as NYC hotels go. This is a great spot for tourists to be in the heart of the theater district. Thank you. Susann Hoke	
Oct 6 2008 	Fantastic stay at The Time	I recently visited New York for 5 days and stayed at The Time Hotel. I loved this hotel, it's location, staff &amp; comfort ticked all the right boxes. The rooms are not that small, my friend and I shared and we felt comfortable.I was relieved when I saw our room, as the original hotel booked was the Paramount, after reading customer reviews on the Paramount i called lastminute &amp; demanded our hotel to be changed.I would defiantly stay at The Time again.Please note: I visited Paramount whilst in New York &amp; can confirm the customer's reviews were accurate.	
Oct 2 2008	Reservations do not matter...	I would love to review my stay... but there was NONE! I booked this hotel with a late checkin, and when I arrived I was informed that there were no rooms available. They had given away my room!!I was later told that there had been a mistake in one of their MULTIPLE reservation systems.YOUR CONFIRMATION/RESERVATION has NO meaning at this hotel... TRAVELER BEWARE!	
Sep 5 2008 	Trendy Hotel 1/2 block off Time Square	The hotel is located at 49th and Broadway. The signage for the hotel is hard to see because it is up so high like 2nd floor. I was directed to the 2nd floor for check in and it was very smooth and we were handed complimentary cocktail tickets for the bar in the hotel. The lobby was white black and red. Very cool fish tank there as well. Elevators to the lobby are glass. We stayed in a standard room king size. The carpet in the hall to your room has seconds of a clock in Roman Numerals. While waiting for the elevator there are tiny T.V.s in the glass wall to watch~ The rooms are in Blue, Red or Yellow- you can choose if available. Furniture in black and huge flat screen. Rooms are sort of small but thats N.Y. bathroom was nice and shower only in our room. Safes and refridge in room. Beds were comfy and linens were nice. Location was great for Time Square. The hotel was directly across from the show Chicago. Over the top friendly staff. I would stay here again.	
Sep 1 2008	Horrible hotel!	Think twice about staying at this hotel. They do NOT care about their customers at all. My daughter and I booked two nights at this hotel. We informed the hotel that we would be arriving late. I booked a &quot;deluxe king bed&quot; room. We checked in at 11pm. They made small talk to us at checking in. We were sent to room 1615 on the 16th floor in a dark corner of the hallway. To our surprise and dissapointment, it was a closet sized room with a full bed. Not a king size, not even a queen. It was a full size bed pushed up against a wall. I immediately called the front desk and they informed me that I booked a queen. Well, if I did, then why did they give me a full? So, I said that I had the printout from the internet and re-confirmed it before I left. So, the girl shut up, but the proceeded to tell me that they were fully booked! My daughter had to sleep on the floor because the bed was so small. She is a size 1 and I'm a size 12, so it wasn't because we were large people. It was so tiny in there. The bathroom floor didn't even close. We had to prop it closed with a phone book. It stunk in the room as well. The sink was all cracked and it was a horrible place. They took 70 bucks off of my 250 dollar room. BIG DEAL! I was moved into a deluxe king room the next night. It was a little too late. It was what I should have gotten in the first place. And, even if they did give my room away and were sticking me in this full size bedroom, why didn't they tell me this when checking in?? They apologized, but nobody got the manager for me. It was not a good place to stay. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 22 2008 	Great Hotel In Every Respect	I spent three wonderful nights at the Time Hotel at the beginning of August. This is the first time i have written a review, but always read Trip advisor before booking a hotel, and to be honest, given the rather mixed reviews The Time had received, i was really hesitant about booking it, in the end the good value for money was the deciding factor. I travel to new york at least twice a year and have stayed in 2,3,4 an 5 star hotels and have to say that the Time didnt disappoint in any respect. Its in a great location, the room was large, colourful and comfortable with everything you would want from a good 4 star hotel. The staff were fantastically helpful and polite and i will definately stay there again next time i return to New York. The gym has everything you need for a good workout-they should publicise it more on their website, and the restaurant is good-although slightly pricey. Reading the other reviews on this site about the hotel i felt compelled to write this review as i found the Time Hotel to be amazing value for money and a FANTASTIC place to stay. I would recommend it to anyone in the strongest possible terms.I cant wait to go back!!	
Aug 19 2008	Best location at a great price-staff was wondeful	We checked tripadvisor reviews and checked into pricing. for two adults and two teens We loved the modern look of the hotel (nicer inside than it might look from outside-the hotel photos do not do it justice and we travel often-and excellant location-around the corner from Times Square. We did not have the noise of the busy city. We were surrounded by two broadway theaters. We felt very safe walking back to our hotel at all times of the night and the staff went out of their way to cater to our every needs. They advised us on subway travels and directions to everywhere we needed to go. They stored our luggage after we checked out for the entire day. We had a problem with the room, but they went out of their way to change our room without any problem. The change was made quickly. Everyone was so nice, even the bell men were trying to cater to our every need. Every staff person had a smile and was so courteous. We were very impressed with this hotel and will book it again soon. We needed bed linens to make a bed on the floor for one of our kids, the staff brought in so many bedspreads and extra sheets and pillows, so unbelievably nice and helpful. We have already recommended this hotel to family and friends.	
Aug 18 2008 	not the best	This is a copy I sent to the manager. Aside from this it was cheap - around $200 a night and the same price as 2-3* bigger hotels in the area that are of the same standard or maybe better.Dear Sir or MadamI am writing to let you know of my bad experience at your hotel.I am from Australia and came to visit Washington DC, Chicago and New York. In DC I stayed at the Renaissance Mayflower, and in Chicago at the Sutton Place. Both hotels were of a VERY high standard, with amazing service and a good overall experience. They both fall into the same category as the Time Hotel.However my experience at the Time was at the other end of the spectrum. I have never written to a hotel before but wanted to share my experience with you.On entering the room, I noticed a strong smell – an unpleasant smell almost like a bad musty smell of mould. I thought it would disappear but it remained over the 3 days stay. The room was small (OK, that I can put up with given that it’s NY and a lot of hotels are like this).On entering the bathroom, I noticed horrible black grime along the shower door (see photos attached). The shower leaked too. I notified reception later that night, hoping I would get used to the smell and asked if I could change and was told it didn’t matter, as all the rooms are the same and none were available, so I put up with it.The airconditioner was rattling all night. So it was either a situation of ‘stay awake but be a good temperature’ thing, or ‘try to sleep, but be hot’ due to turning it off.Checkin staff were friendly but when I went to ask for my room to be made up at 1pm and for my toilet to be unblocked, it seemed like I had asked for the biggest request possible. I came back at 3pm, it was still not done – so I phoned down – asking again, but of course returning after shopping at 5.30pm it had not been done. THREE times I had to ask and after the third time the housekeeper was sent right up and did a great job. The housekeepers were VERY friendly as were the bellboys. The reception staff on Friday 8th August though were rude, uncourteous and rather ‘offish’. In fact, going down for a third time to ask for my room to be made up and toilet unblocked I didn’t even receive an apology. I’m not asking for a grovelling apology but a courteous ‘We’re sorry’ would have gone done nicely!Aside from this, smaller details like no shower pressure, my TV remote not working and no replacement sent up when requested, and small things like this made it feel more like a 2 to 3 star hotel.I would appreciate a reply back, if only to know you have read my concerns and hopefully improve the hotel for future guests.Kind RegardsMe	
Aug 14 2008 	What a dump!	We spent 3 nights at The Time at the end of a 2 week touring holiday.This place is awful and we were upgraded to a suite!Unfortunately we had paid upfront or we would have moved to a different hotel.Our room 8-12 was dingy,tatty and grubby.In fact after my husband found a toenail clipping in the drawer we did not dare look too closely!The furniture was worn and chipped,and the carpet looked in need of a good clean.There was very little storage space and overall the room was depressing!There is no way this is a boutique hotel-I have stayed in better youth hostels.The Time was the sixth hotel of our holiday and the other 5 were excellent.There is no way we would ever stay here again!Please avoid this place!	
Aug 4 2008	Bedbugs live here!	I stayed at this hotel in June of 2008. While I was there, for one night, I didn't notice any problems. But when I got back to my apartment in DC, I woke up the next day with a horrible rash all over my legs. I went to see a doctor a few days later who diagnosed the rash as bed bug bites, which are becoming a big problem in NYC. She advised me to wash everything I had brought in hot water and throw my luggage out. I did all of that and had a bed bug outbreak two months later! Now they are living in my apartment and I have to have an exterminator come. Please do NOT stay at this hotel, you don't want to go through this nightmare!	
Jul 15 2008	Bedbugs!!	This place was a huge dissapointment, we stayed there for two nights and the second night we had classic bite marks (three in a row) very typical for bed bugs. I inspected the room but found no bugs (but a new mattress with tags on; a typical sign of a previous infestation at hotels). The receptionist admitted that they had preivously had bedbug problems at the hotel, but the manager did not yield and claimed there was no proof etc. We ended up having to move to another hotel and treat all our luggage with washing, freezing for a couple of weeks etc to be sure we did not bring this problem back home. All in all a terrible experience and even worse that the manager deducted a full charge on our credit card for the stay. I would warn anyone against staying there after our experience.	
Jul 1 2008 	Good location at a decent price	I learned of The Time via Hotels.com, found a special rate there, and checked out the hotel web site directly to see if there was a comparable price there, and there was. $269 for our first night, $299 for the second night. (This was a last-minute special booked the week of our stay.)Our room was #1001, on the 10th floor. The window &quot;view&quot; was an 'inside' view, meaning we looked out on the exterior wall of the neighboring building. Location was very convenient, right off of Times Square, across the street from &quot;Chicago&quot;'s current Boradway run. Online booking yielded no immediate confirmation email, but a &quot;welcome to the Time&quot; email followed within 48 hours of our arrival date. We arrived by taxi on a Friday night around 11:30 PM, and a bellhop assisted us with our bags. (We did not observe bellhops at the hotel at any other time during the weekend?) The bar/lounge on the 2nd floor by the reception lobby was PACKED.Our room was small but serviceable; we had a &quot;red&quot; themed room (see photos). The first night, there was a problem with the A/C unit where the room temp wouldn't go below 80 degrees. Due to our late arrival, we didn't bother reporting this to the management until the next day, sleep was more important! We reported the A/C problem Saturday morning, and it was fixed quite promptly. The front desk staff was friendly, gracious and helpful each time we contacted them with a question. Bathroom was small but clean with luxe-brand personal amenities; shower stall was spacious (no tub). Bed was very comfortable, and linens were top-quality. The bed seemed both too short and too narrow to be a Queen-size, but was definitely larger than a Double-size. No actual &quot;closet&quot; in the room due to space constraints; the area next to the TV was sort of an extended alcove with a shelving unit and garment rack/hooks behind a curtain. The hotel was sold out, but we heard no noise during our stay from neighboring rooms in any direction. Having a room facing &quot;inside&quot; meant no street noise. Maid service was prompt and discreet. Reception lobby is on the 2nd floor.Two elevators service the guest rooms; they are tiny but FAST. We dined in the Serafina restaurant (1st floor of hotel) for dinner Saturday night; food was excellent. We dined there again for the prix-fixe brunch Sunday morning. I would choose to stay at The Time again if (as this time) I'm unable to secure a room at a hotel offering larger guest rooms. Service was very good. We were able to leave bags with the bellhops after checkout to be able to enjoy the city for a few more hours before reclaiming them to go catch our train.	
Jun 27 2008 	Great place and service	Had a wonderful stay at The Times, the staff was so friendly, the concierge was great, I emailed him a couple times before we got to New York and he responded promptly with the answers to my questions. The cleaning staff was excellent. the room was very clean, a bit small room but that is what you expect in New York. I highly recommend this hotel, espeically if you want to be close to Time Square. Just watch the cash bar etc in your room.. if you move any of the ideas for over 20 seconds you get charged for it,, though they will take it off your bill very easy jus something you might like to know.	
Jun 2 2008 	Awful Experience	This is the first review I've ever written for Trip Advisor, but I had such a terrible experience at this hotel that I feel compelled to share it. I was traveling on business from the West Coast, and had to be up at 4:30 a.m. the next morning for a TV shoot. When I pulled back the covers to my bed, there were several long, dark hairs in the bed - enough to indicate that the sheets were not cleaned. When I called downstairs and requested a new room, I was told they were sold out, so I had to wait 20 minutes for someone to come change the sheets on the bed. Also, the internet did not work in the room (a large problem for a business traveler), and maintenance never showed up when I called to request it to be fixed. The minibar was broken, too. The &quot;gym&quot; was tiny, dirty, and half the machines didn't work. And RIGHT NOW I have been sitting on hold for 25 minutes and counting, trying to get a charge moved from my client's credit card to mine. This is the sixth time I've called. An absolutely abysmal hotel.	
May 4 2008 	Had THE TIME of our lives in NYC!!!	My husband and I stayed at The Time in December and found the hotel to be a great base for our first visit to New York.The hotel was chic, modern and very clean. The best thing about The Time is its location. It really is in the heart of Broadway (with Chicago across the road and next door to Spring Awakening). Time Square is just minutes away and the hotel is really close to the subway if you want to use the metro (which we found to be great and completely safe!)Only glitch was having to change rooms because our safe wasn't working - but the helpful staff upgraded us to a king room which was far more spacious than the standard room - so well worth it!!Can't comment on the food as we took advantage of the numerous bars and cafes nearby.Defintely recommend !	
Apr 29 2008 	It's time to look at THE TIME HOTEL	One thing about NYC I can not stand is being in Time Square. It's full of people and tourist awed by feeling like being in the center of the Earth. However, I was one of those people awed by the lights and fast pace of Time Square. I try not to book any hotel near this area, but to my surprise my company booked it at the Time Hotel. Hoping it was a few blocks north of Time Square, when we arrived it was right next door to it.  NYC is full of hotels, but I would not reccomend staying at any chains like the W, Holiday Inn, Crowne Plaza, etc. It is best to venture out and try some of the great boutique hotel NYC offers, such as the Time Hotel. Although this hotel was next door to Time Square, it was actually away from the hustle and bustle of the city. The Time Hotel was suprisingly in a quiet street next to two broadway shows: Spring Awakening and Chicago.  Arriving in NYC, our shuttle driver dropped us off at the Crowne Plaza Hotel just to walk us a few feet to the street where the Time Hotel was located. Walking into the hotel felt like a high end boutique hotel. An elevator takes you up to the lobby where a friendly staff greeted you. We were early for check-in and could not get a room until 3 pm, as a rule with most hotels in NYC. However, we had to work that day so it wasn't an issue.  The lobby at the Time is really not a lobby at all, but a BAR/CLUB as returning to the hotel that night, the music was playing loud. This would be a surprise to anyone checking in at night, especially for those not keen to hip hop music. However, our room was on the 14th floor so this was not an issue. I was amazed by the bed we ended up getting, which was a king size bed. We seem to have been upgraded free of charge or was it my Trip Advisor hat that made a difference :) Anyways, as with most boutique hotel the room was small. However, it was comfortable and clean. There was not much view, except for the room adjacent to yours where you can see everything that went on in the other room through the window (Corner Room). The bathroom was fully stock with necessities and clean. The use of storage space shaped as squares was a nice touch. They were trying GO GREEN by asking for guests to request for towels when needed and to re-use towles. However, it seem like we got new towels anyways without having to request for them. The mini-bar was expensive, as with most hotel, but well stocked. However, the fridge could only open halfway based on the layout of the room. The only negative thing I have to say about the Time Hotel is questioning how secure the room is when you are out in the city. When we left our room one morning, the cleaning lady was on our floor. Having left my umbrella in the room, I came back to find our room door open wide with no one in it. It worried me since anyone could have came in the room and stole all our belongings. However, the positive side to this story is that cameras are on each hallway to ensure safety and security of the guests. I still feel the room should have not been left alone with the door open for anyone to come in and steal something. The Time Hotel is another amazing boutique hotel offering access to all of NYC and centrally located where all the actions is happening. It is literally a few feet from Time Square where all the madness and mayhem happens. The location is definately worth it for first time visitors of NYC. Tour buses are next door and the subway (blue line) is only a block away. There is a great grocery store/deli/bakery adacent to the hotel where you can get anything and everything (The grocery store is downstair). Rockefeller Center and 5th Avenue is 3 blocks away.  In conclusion, I would reccomend the hotel to any first time visitors in NYC only to be in a centralized area where all other tourist tend to meet at the point called Time Square. Don't be surprise at how small the rooms are since many boutiques hotel don't offer suites, but 1 or 2 penthouses. Be mindful that you are going for an experience and most of all just to sleep. When visiting NYC, you spend all day walking, hailing cabs, and hauling shopping bags around that by the time you get back to the hotel you are ready to go to sleep. BTW there is a restaurant downstair called Serafina, pricey, but good breakfast. I never had a glass of orange juice for $6. My friend enjoyed their bagel and lox and I enjoyed their waffle. I may have had issues with the location of this hotel, but I am glad to tell you that I did not hear one noise from the people visiting Time Square. BON VOYAGE!!!	
Apr 17 2008 	polite clean and felt extremely safe for location	Arriving near midnight, to a hotel and city my daughters and i, this was our first time to New York. You can imagine we would be some what nervous and extremely tired.The nice man at the check in, dutifully saw to us and checked my daughters and I in. For a Hotel so central to all the sights and attractions. The Time Hotel gave comfort, location and above all safety. I am from the UK, The Time Hotel is excellent, if you give the staff the respect for what they do, they will give you the same respect back.This hotel is perfect for first timers to New York.	
Apr 9 2008 	Don't stay at The Time	I was there on business for three nights, and thought I must've been on Candid Camera! Forget about the fact that the rooms are tiny (even for Times Square), have no dressers, no counter in the bathroom and you don't even have room to turn around in the shower... I'VE NEVER STAYED AT A PLACE WITH MORE PATHETIC SERVICE., and lack of caring about their customers. In one room, I had two lights, a TV, a minibar and a most importantly, a thermostat that didn't work. Didn't really care about the lights and the minibar...and it took all day, but they finally fixed the TV. Despite repeated promises, though...could never fix the thermostat and get it below 78-degrees in my room.  Even speaking to &quot;the boss&quot; was a complete waste of time. I spoke to the General Manager (Christopher Mallon) who told me that he would make sure the room is fixed immedaitely, told me I would get one of my nights complimentary, told me I would be invited back, etc. He never made good on any of his promises to rectify the situation...and since I left, has never returned a phone call of an e-mail. Needless to say, in 3-days, the room was never fixed, I couldn't switch into another room...and certainly never got the credit that I was promised.  Even room service was horrible. It took three calls and 45-minutes to get a bucket of ice, and ordered dinner one night that was cold by the time it got to my room. It was really like a bad joke.  There are some great hotels in Times Square. This place isn't one of them...and obviously they don't care about taking care of their customers, either. Simply put...I feel like I was blatantly screwed...then lied to by the General Manager. I hope this review will prevent somebody else from having the same experience I did.	
Apr 4 2008 	Impressive	I stayed here for the first 'tme' in March 2008. It's an excellent hotel that really makes an effort on the details. I was in a king room which was reasonably sized, had excellent lighting, nice decor. Housekeepers were extremely nice and good, all the staff I encountered were good in fact. Location on 49th St/8th Ave. is terrific ... near Times Sq. and theaters, one block from a subway, half a block from an excellent supermarket if you want to buy your own breakfast. I've already made a reservation for my next trip to NYC.	
Mar 22 2008 	Great Hotel	This was our frst visit to New York and my husband and I were very nervous about choosing a hotel because we did not have a clue about New York. When we arrived the receptionist wished me a Happy Birthday (the trip was a surprise 30th Birthday present!). The hotel had left a bottle of wine and a platter of fresh fruit in our room for my birthday so that was a nice surprise.Our room was lovely, we had a living room area with a really big TV, plenty of storage for clothes and a sofa and other seats. The bed was very big and comfortable and the bathroom had a good supply of toiletries and was clean. The jacuzzi bath was lovely after a hard day's shopping although it was a little bit small! There was also a large TV in our bedroom area as well although with all the great things to do in New York you dont want to be watching TV.  I would recommend that you ask for a room on a higher floor because there is a very loud disco on the second floor some nights. If you intend to go down there for a drink dress up a bit because we didn't and everyone else there was really well dressed!! I would recommend the hotel because of the very good location, we found it really easy to find a lot of major attractions (Macy's, Empire State Building, Tiffany's etc) within walking distance so it is good if you have never been to New York before. Also the hop on hop off bus tours are very close to the hotel and we found it useful for getting your bearings in Manhattan and seeing some of the sights that were a bit further away (eg. Ground Zero, Statue of Liberty). We found all the staff very pleasant and helpful and if I ever went to New York again I wouldnt hesistate to stay in The Time again.	
Mar 15 2008 	Good Location	The location of the hotel is very good, particularly if you want to be close to the theatre district, as it is centrally located.However, the room was very small and the bathroom even smaller. While the interior design is very pleasant, the space was not comfortable if you had to spend any length of time in the room. The room carpets could also use a clean, but the room was tidy and the bathroom clean. There was no Wi-Fi, which I found unusual, given the hotel positions itself as hip and up-to-date. While there is broad band, it is $9.95 a day.The staff were friendly and helpful for the most part, though the service was a bit hit and miss.Given the many other options in NYC, I think it is unlikely that I would stay at the hotel again. However, if you found a very good rate and do not intend to spend most of your time in the room, then I think it would be fine.	
Mar 12 2008 	Thank Goodness!!!!	Thank goodness for The Time Hotel. We had booked into another hotel, but when we arrived there it was horrendous and we could not stay. We walked about 500 yards down the street and found The Time Hotel. Fortunately they had a room. The location is amazing, just around the corner you are slap bang in the middle of Times Square. The staff were very friendly and helpful and could not do enough for you. This hotel saved our trip. We would recommend it 100%. Good value for money.	
Mar 5 2008 	Awesome and great value	2nd visit to NYC. Wanted a central hotel but not too expensive. Was slightly concerned after reading the reviews, however.....Got to the Time at 1430. Was advised the room wasnt ready but wouldnt be long. 5 minutes later the bellboy took our bags and we were off to the 15th floor. As this was a special occassion I had arranged the Romance package which was a bottle of champagne, rose petals and Godiva chocolates. They had put the petals on the bedspread with the chocolates in the middle - very impressed. The room was bigger than I was expecting - bed extremly comfortable, nice bathroom, big tv. The only criticism would be the lack of storage, there was a wardrobe but no drawers. The hotel was just off times square and approx 5 minutes from times square subway. Great location.The housekeeping staff were very thorough. We loved the fact that the Do Not Disturb sign was part of the doorbell - very original. Also different to another review we thought that the fact the beds were turned down, the blinds put down and chocolate and the weather report left a really nice touch - especially for a 3 star property.We had a problem with our mini bar making a noise. We advised reception and within half hour it had been fixed, apart from that no problem at all.We used room service, thought the $5 delivery charge was a bit cheeky as this wasnt mentioned anywhere but the food was good and was with us within 15 minutes.Overall the hotel was lovely, the room good value for money - the room rate was $229 a night - compared to $400 at other hotels in the area. If like us you are coming to NYC for the sights and dont plan on spending a lot of time in your room then this is definately the hotel for you - foget the negative reviews - I wouldnt hesitate on coming back.Room 1518 from 27/2 to 2/3	
Mar 1 2008 	Style over substance	I chose The Time because of its location - close to Port Authority and subway stops, and right next to Time Square which kind of compromises for shopping, Central Park, food and Harlem - and its relatively good price. And to be honest, location is faultless if you're looking for all of the above: subway is five minutes away by foot, whilst Port Authority is an easy 15-minute walk.The room was ok - small but well-furnished, and the bed was incredibly comfortable - possibly the most comfortable bed I've slept in for a while. TV was ok - remote was a bit slow, and heating/AC was a bit odd: wasn't sure if it was working or not but I didn't feel too cold eventhough it was minus whatever outside. The shower was very hot as well though the bathroom was on the small side. Now the problems: the staff were ok. However, I did have a particularly non-responsive woman who didn't take kindly to my comments about the hotel cleaners being overly-efficient - they have a habit of going into your room and taking away the complimentary New York Times if it's just left on the table. I just couldn't understand why the cleaners would do that. They also have a habit of cleaning my rooms eventhough I asked them not to. But the thing which baffled me the most was why someone insisted on barging into the room late afternoon, turn on the light, the radio, and then leave two pieces of chocolate on my pillow with tomorrow's weather forecast on a small piece of paper beneath them. I have nothing against this kind of gestures - I just don't see the point, particularly when I see a sign in the hotel room urging us to save energy. By leaving the light and radio on are not environmentally friendly!! This brings me to my next point - why is there no 'Do Not Disturb' signs on the doors?My other concern was that late every Friday and Saturday night, the hotel bar is very noisy and packed, which must be a concern to those of us who need a bit of attention then because, well, the front-desk was empty. Plus the noise level is quite high. I stayed on the 9th floor so didn't hear a thing but I would worry if I lived anywhere lower.In addition, everything seems to be charged - from internet to leaving your baggage. What I hated most was having to pay $1 to make a tollfree call from my phone. That said, I would stay there again if I have to but I might think twice about the price, however. And for god's sake, eat out!	
Feb 24 2008 	Decent rooms but they have problems	I was in NYC for eight days on business. The Time was selected by the production company I was advising. It would not have been my choice as I prefer the Millenium.This is an old old hotel that was renovated as a semi-boutique hotel with a them about time. The small rooms, typical of NYC, are decorated with grey and black patterned carpeting, bright red bedspreads and wall panel behind the bed. I understand they also use green or yellow in some rooms.The place tries to be hip and cooler than thou. Living in L.A., I know the vibe but you can really only get away with it if you have great service and The Time fails in this regard.The desk staff and doormen were great. But other aspects of the hotel fall apart badly.First, maintenance problems were apparent. My first room, 1608, had an HVAC problem. Despite being in the 20s and 30s outside, the room could not be cooled down below 78-80 over a preiod of four days. Even with the windows left open, the temperature never came down. They sent a maintenance engineer to work on it. He could not fix it and suggested I leave the windows open. Try sleeping in Manhattan in the theatre district with your windows open with street noise, loud drunks and shouting clubbers on the street at all hours. The room safe also would not work, so I resorted to locking my laptop and camera in my luggage every day. Other apparent maintenance problems, wobbly toilet and seat, lights that sometimes flickered and even shocked slightly when touched.After three nights of poor sleep due to heat and noise, they moved me to another room, 1105. This one had a different thermostat system and the hvac worked well.The most apalling service problem was with room service. Because I was working extraordinarily long hours (shooting a tv show), I was often returning the hotel after 14 and 18 hour days and would just want a simple meal before bed.On the thrid night of my stay, I ordered dinner at about 8pm. The phone attendant said it should take about 40 minutes. OK. An hour later I called to check on the order as I needed to get to bed early due to an early start next day. The attendant said she forgot to enter the order so it would be another 45 minutes. Two hours after ordering, finally got the meal and went to bed an hour later than I would have liked. I mentioned this problem to the front desk. They asked if I was charged for the meal (I was) and the desk person said they would remove the charge.On the final night of my stay, after having been up for 30 hours due to a 24 hour live broadcast we did, I was way too tired to go out to eat. I ordered, was told 30-45 minutes for delivery&gt; After an hour, I called to check and amazingly was told they had again forgotten to enter the order!!I asked for the manager and the flustered attendant told me that as they were busy he would have to call me back. Aftter not hearing back for a while, I went down to the restaurant and discussed the problem with the restaurant manager. He was apologetic and said the meal would be complimentary. Never got a call from the room service/guest services manager.That an order could be forgotten due to an error is not that big a deal - things happen. But for two orders to be lost in three days shows me that there is a serious failure in management and service personnel.Given the overall issues of maintenance and service, I would recommend travelers avoid the Time. There are better hotels in this category in Manhattan.	
Feb 18 2008 	Reasonable Comfortable and Stylish	We normally avoid midtown hotels when visiting NYC, but the Time Hotel was really a find. The room was clean, comfortable and hip. Some might find the rooms small, but we did not mind the room size one bit. The &quot;do not disturb&quot;/doorbell feature was a completely cool, quirky touch. The hotel was convenient to everything and was quiet, especially considering its proximity to Times Square. We were disappointed that they did not have wireless internet in a hotel of this caliber, but we were able to find a nonsecured connection close by. The staff were all very helpful and efficient, with the concierge helping us check into our flights online and the doorman hailing a cab in rush hour traffic. Look in the bottom of the elevator shaft on your visit. You won't be sorry you tried the Time.	
Feb 15 2008 	Great Room - Great Location	We arrived around noon and were given a room even though check-in was not until 3:00pm. The gentleman at the front door was very friendly and told us reception was on the 2nd floor. Taking the glass elevator up to the second floor, we were greeted by two very friendly members of the staff. Check-in took all of 3 minutes and we were off to the room.We were in the one of the 'yellow' rooms and it was delightful. I was pleased with the size of the room considering the size of other hotels in the area. The whole place has a very modern feel which I like. If you are looking for frilly, then this isn't the place for you. The room was in very nice shape when we arrived. It was very clean and everything was in order.The only issue was the heat/temperature. It got hot in the room really quick, so we actually had the AC running in the middle of winter.You cannot beat this location. You are right in the middle of everything. Walking to dinner and the theatre were very short walks. A mintue or two and you were smack in the middle of Times Square.We really enjoyed out stay at The Time and we will certainly stay here again in the future.	
Feb 3 2008 	The Time Hotel in NYC really delivers!	The Time Hotel in the heart of Times Square in NYC delivers, yet again! I was greeted at the front door, brought up to the reception desk, and politely escorted to my room. All the staff were extremely courteous and very prompt to attend to all my needs. I even mentioned to the front desk that I was tired from travelling and would be napping in the afternoon and they put in a call to housekeeping to do not disturb. This was not expected and definitely very appreciated! The room was unbelievable!! The king-size bed and comfy bath robe were a much appreciated comfort in the room. The hotel lounge had been renovated and the new look is quite impressive. This time I dined in the hotel restaurant, Serafina, and had some of the best Italian cuisine I've ever had while in NYC. (Try the Sophia pizza, you won't regret it!)I cannot say enough good things about The Time. The hotel is in a perfect location (close to broadway shows, restaurants, and shopping) and I would never stay anywhere else while visiting NYC!	
Jan 31 2008	Great Stay	The hotel was very nice. our room was clean and had a 42&quot; plasma on the wall in the sitting area and the bedroom had 20&quot; LCD in it! The decor was nice as well. They had free post cards in the room that you could mail back home to remember your stay in NY which I thought was nice. The parking garage was directly across the street and you can get a discount by having the hotel validate your ticket. Theaters were very close as well as Time Square. Would definitely stay again.	
Jan 19 2008 	Don't waste your TIME! Better hotels in the area!	Expedia should not list this as a four star hotel! We had a horrible experience at the Time hotel. Although the location is good for those wanting to be in times square, that is about all it has to offer. Once entering the building you are confused about where to go, no real signage with the name of the hotel and you must take the elevator to a small lobby on the second floor. The lobby itself is very tiny. The actual rooms are just as tiny. The chair was very run down and looked like it was pulled out of the curb and put into our room. There were mysterious red stains on the bathroom walls, and a very narrow stand up shower with mold and cracked tiles. By the window we noticed a huge hole in the wall with chips of the paint/wall still laying on the carpet. The hotel also offers internet but for $10 a day and does not offer any sort of business center. We were so disappointed, we checked out the first night to stay at Park Central which way better! And it was only a 3-star hotel and cheaper!! I would not be so critical of the Time hotel if Expedia did not list as an upscale hotel. If it was a 2-star rating I would consider it decent, but when you are looking for a 4-star hotel it should be represented as 4-star quality!!	
Jan 17 2008 	For a good time in the Big Apple don't try The Times!	If you're looking for a great time in New York, check THE TIMES off your list! For $315 a night (1 bedroom suite), this hotel was a major ichhhhhhh! During a January stay, our room registered at a balmy 82 degrees. Hotel maintenance came up to fix it while we went out to dinner. When we returned, we found that the door was left &quot;propped&quot; open with all of our belongings ready for the taking. The hotel management's response was, &quot;Oh sorry. Maintenance was just up in your room a few minutes ago.&quot; To top it off, the room temperature was never correct during our 4-night stay. Then, as if this wasn't bad enough, our room did not get cleaned one night. When we came back to find a messy room, we were told that it was too late for Housekeeping to take care of things. Housekeeping missed our room the next day, too. After two calls, though, our room did get cleaned at about 5:30 p.m. From the moment we encountered the surly front desk clerk, I knew that prepaying my hotel stay was a BIG mistake!!	
Jan 8 2008 	Best beds ever	My wife and I have recently returned from our first trip to New York and spent along time trying to find the right hotel. If your doing the same you could do alot worse than The Time.Firstly, if you want to be within walking distance of the best shopping, theatres, bars and restaurants that New York has to offer this hotel is in prime location. Only 2 minutes walk from Times Square but without the noise and 10 minutes from both 5th Avenue and Central Park.Reading other reviews on New York hotels we expected the room to be tiny but actually we were pleasantly suprised. The room was cleaned daily and the turndown service is an extra treat. THE BED IS THE MOST COMFORTABLE WE'VE EVER SLEPT IN. Yes the bathroom is small but it's didn't cause us any problems. Nice flat screen TV and Bose stereo. We didn't have a veiw but this didn't matter as we weren't in the room that often. We found the staff at the front desk relatively polite but quite honestly we only spoke to them twice ( check in - check out ). The door staff were courteous as were the concierge and bar staff.We didn't eat at the hotel because there are far too many other great places to eat just on your door step but the restaurant looked very nice all the same.All in all a great base for seeing New York, we would definately recommend The Time hotel.If this is your first time to New York and you want some tips - Definately take the site seeing tour buses, don't miss the Top of the Rock ( no queues even at midday )and try The Playwright bar &amp; restaurant ( I think it's on 50th or 51st street just good wholesome food).	
Jan 8 2008 	Really convienient	Great hotel, staff very friendly, had a late drink in bar, eva the barmaid was really nice and friendly. Great location, really central for everything, shows and tour buses. Walking distance of rockfeller centre, saks and fifth avenue. Subway is right down the street just a short walk. Had a blue room and it was nice, no tea and coffee facilites in room but didnt mind that as we didnt spend that much time in room and some lovely coffees places everywhere in New York that you would not be bothered by this. Would stay here again and have recommended it already to other people.	
Jan 5 2008	Adequate hotel in a great Theater District location	We stayed in a one-bedroom suite plus an adjoining room with double beds during a six-night trip with our family of four (two teenage girls) plus my mother-in-law. Our primary objective was to find a hotel with a good location for walking to theaters that had a room with double beds available. Since we were in New York post-Christmas and through New Year's hotel availability in the Times Square area was very limited. On the plus side, the hotel is in a good location on 49th Street just off of Broadway. Restaurants and theaters are within easy walking distance as are the yellow line subway stop and Rockefeller Center. The hotel is small and the street is relatively quiet so we were never bothered by street noise nor did we hear anything from other hotel guests. We were half a block from the BellyDelly Deli on Broadway, which made morning stops for muffins and coffee very convenient. The beds were comfortable although the pillows were the hardest I have ever seen in a hotel, despite the fact that I like firm pillows. Although we would be willing to stay here again if we were unable to find a better hotel choice, there were quite a lot of negatives especially since we were paying a high price for the hotel due to the holiday. The rooms were clean but every piece of upholstered furniture was significantly stained and ratty looking. There are no coffee pots in the rooms. The door mechanism was broken on the suite's bedroom door so that it wouldn't stay closed. The sink stopper was completely broken in the suite's bathroom so that it stayed closed all the time, and there was no stopper at all in the bathtub. None of the remote controls worked for the three flat screen TVs in the rooms, but the hotel did replace the batteries at our request and then they worked. Closet space is extremely limited even for a New York hotel. It would be sufficient for a two night stay, but not for six nights. The suite had a small dresser with six drawers but there were no drawers at all in the room with double beds. The desk staff was reasonably friendly but even after discussing the fact that we were in adjoining rooms with my mother-in-law (who checked in before we arrived), they put her in a room that didn't have an adjoining room at all, much less a suite. When we arrived and went to our room (after the desk clerk again told us that we were in adjoining rooms), we discovered that they had put us in rooms that were on different floors. We had to move my mother-in-law who had unpacked and moved into the room and there was no apology or offer to help. There was nothing terrible about this hotel but there was nothing great either. The hotel's strong points are its location and the quiet rooms. Everything else is adequate but needs more attention.	
Jan 4 2008 	Won't stay here again.	When we checked in we were given a room that hadn't been cleaned -- The shower had open bottles of shampoo, the trash cans were full, and the linens were questionable. We asked to be moved to another room, but were told they were booked for the evening. When pressed, they finally said they had a larger room available -- Not sure why they didn't offer that option immediately.The shower curtain didn't reach all the way to the floor, so the bathroom floor was flooded after I took a shower. The closet structuredidn't allow for hanging anything longer than a shirt.The front desk staff seemed distracted and disinterested.The location was good -- quick walk to theaters, and I liked the lounge, however I would not stay here again due to the apathetic service and bathroom flooding tendency.	
Dec 27 2007 	not such a nice experiance for a Holiday stay	We arrived on Dec 23rd and checked in with no major problems. I was actually surprised that the room was pretty big. We booked a king size bed and we chose room with a bath. Since we had friends coming over we really did not spend much time there. When we got back the room spelled like a cigarette smoke and my partner went to change it, it was 1am and I really wanted to sleep. They offered us room next to our on the 16th floor, I did not like it, because it was smaller, but after checking out two more rooms we stayed there. The other rooms as well smelled like cigarette smoke and the floors were more dirty compare to our 16th floor. The heat did not want to work for us and he wind was blowing and the windows did not seal, so we had kind of chilly night. At least the water was warm in the morning. I was thinking to change the room, but I had no energy to do so.We needed the internet, the connetion promised was boradband, but the speed was a snail one and luckly the charge for it was taken of the bill. Next dissappointment happen on Boxing Day when we order a room service for breakfast and it did not arrive and the reception was looking ofr excuses instead of taking care of it. We were very happy with concierge and bellboys.	
Dec 26 2007 	Loved the Time	I travel to NYC often for work and I ALWAYS stay at the Time Hotel. I absolutely love it. The rooms are fabulous. I've heard that they have different primary color themes, but I've always stayed in a red room -- which is my absolute favorite color. Not to mention red is stimulating, which is the perfect vibe when you're in the city! Each room has a great flat screen TV, stereo and stocked mini bar.And, the service is absolutely fantastic. During one of my stays, I needed to messenger what seemed like a dozen bags to all different locations and the hotel manager, Kanvar Singh, was incredibly helpful! He took care of everything and it went seamless. Ever since my first experience at the hotel, I have never even looked into staying at another spot in NYC.Not to mention, the location is very convenient. Close to Times Square, Theater District and the R&amp;W subway lines (essential for making it down to Soho to shop).And, the hotel just opened up a new restaurant located on the street level of the building -- Serafina's. The food is delicious!The Time Hotel is a must stay for anyone travelling to the city -- whether it is your very first trip to the big apple or a routine business jaunt.	
Dec 23 2007 	expensive but acceptable	booked this direct with the hotel, as it wasnt any different from online quotes (we are just back and obviously it was a busy period in the run up to Christmas). We received a very warm welcome from reception and were informed that we had been upgraded to a king-sized room (though i think they just meant the bed and not the room) None the less the room was clean and the bed very comfortable, toiletries were luxurious and restocked daily. We were at the front of the hotel on the 12th floor, and were not disturbed by traffic noise at all.The room was expensive at $450 per night, and when you add occupancy tax and sales tax and all that other kind of stuff, it does turn out quite pricey. Sunday nights the price does drop though by 50%.Overall a good stay, we had a meal in Serafina the hotel restaurant the same as a much more popular one of the same name downtown. Food was good and not unreasonably priced.Location was good, right across the road from where Chicago is on show. But there are plenty of other hotels in the area to choose from.	
Dec 21 2007 	A terrible cesspool	I stayed at the Time Hotel for 7 nights last week.The first indication of a problem at the Time Hotel was when I arrived around 11pm. The counters in the lobby were covered in papers, and two people were working behind them. I stepped up, and stood there for five minutes as they shuffled papers around. These papers had people's personal information on them, I noticed, which I could read. Eventually, one of the men, without looking up, asked if he could help me. I checked in and went to my room, 1202.I went to my room. There was mold on the ceiling in the bathroom, the shower door would not close completely, the floor was dirty, and it was quite warm (78F) in the room. Also, one of the reading lights for the bed was broken and held together with plastic zip ties. I discovered this when I cut my finger on the broken, jagged edge of it.I turned the A/C on and opened the windows. The climate control unit did not really seem to respond to the settings that I made on the thermostat, and even with the window open, I was only able to get it down to 73F. This was pretty warm for me. I called the front desk and they said an engineer would take care of it, which never happened.Since the shower door didn't close, water would get everywhere when I showered, which probably didn't help the mold problem on the ceiling. The shower itself was dingy, as was the rest of the bathroom, with peeling caulk everywhere.The minifridge was warm and smelled terrible inside. There was also an orange fluid dripping out of it.After two days of the hot, dirty room, I went to the front desk and complained. Christine was quite pleasant and apologized, offering to move me to another room. She gave me a room key and asked me to check it out.I went to the room and looked inside. It was much like the room I was currently in, with a couple differences. One, there was what can only be described as bodily fluids or mucus smeared on the coverlet, and a good 30-40 hairs of various lengths and varieties on the pillows and sheets.I went downstairs and asked to see another room. She gave me another key. This time, the key opened the lock, but it was locked from the inside and I heard voices from within.I went downstairs and Christine asked a bellhop to escort me to another room.I went to the room and looked around. It seemed clean and with no mold. I moved my stuff into the new room and thanked Christine for her trouble.That night was very cold and windy outside. despite the windows being closed tightly, I could feel a very cold breeze coming through them. I set the thermostat to 70F and turned the heat to high.The night seemed strangely cold. Upon waking, I discovered that the room temperature had dropped to 59F, which is pretty cold. I called the front desk and told them that I had no heat, and they apologized and said they would have an engineer look at it.When I returned home after an 18 hour day at the office, it was 58F in the room, which was colder than before!I went down to the front desk and explained that I was sick of moving around from tiny, dirty, broken room to another. The man apologized and took me to a suite, room 906. We inspected it together, and it seemed OK, if not still a little dirty.This was a nice corner suite, with a lot of windows. The bathroom had the first shower I had used where the shower curtain was long enough to prevent water from getting on the floor. The toilet was loose, and clunked from side to side when I sat on it or moved on it.The climate controls in the rooms seemed not to function at all, yet it stayed at about 70F, which was acceptable, although without the ability to turn a fan on, I still had to sleep with earplugs, as the street outside was quite noisy.About every 45 minutes there was a loud ka-chunk from something that I think was on the building right outside my room. Not sure what it was.My internet service went out in the suite while I was using it. I called the front desk, and the engineer was there in a few minutes. Such fast service on the internet but nothing for heat?!?! He tested it and made a phone call from my room to tech support. He then played with my cable box, which fixed the static on the TV, but still no internet.The next morning, my last, my bill had the charges for the internet that didn't work and a phone charge for when the engineer made the call from my room. I called the front desk and asked them to fix it.I came back from breakfast and checked out. The bill had not been corrected. I tried to explain it, but they didn't seem to understand, as they had already reversed a double-charge for internet when I had moved rooms the first time. Finally, they understood and adjusted the bill.I would never, ever, ever, ever, stay at the Time Hotel again. It is dirty, unpleasant, broken, and not worth your time or money. Every fixture and piece of furniture is splattered in paint from hasty repainting jobs. Light switches are broken. Things are poorly thought out, such as the closets whose hangar bars stick out, but not far enough to actually access anything but the first item on the bar.I would compliment the staff on at least trying to respond to my concerns, even if the hotel is so far gone they have little control over its quality.	
Dec 3 2007	Expectations Exceeded	We stayed at the Time week-end of Dec 1, 2007. It was our first visit and our expectations were exceeded. Our suite was lovely and provided ample room. We were very impressed that the room was stocked with extra pillows and towels (we always have to request them). Staff was friendly and courteous. Room service was the quickest we've had in all our travels. Had dinner at the hotel restaurant Serafina. Food was delicious and prices reasonable. One of the best features of the hotel is the location to theaters, Times Square, etc. We would definitely stay at the Time again. It is WELL-MANAGED and we HIGHLY RECOMMEND it.	
Nov 29 2007 	Best of the rest in Times Square	I cringe when this place costs $350 a night, but when you realize what everything else costs in Manhattan this time of year, it's acceptable. I think of it as the &quot;best of the rest&quot; (of mid-tier hotels in Times Square).The rooms are clean and amenities are nice. Mine had windows that looked out onto nothing. The furniture and decor is supposed to feel modern, but it's really seems sort of cheap and dated. It certainly isn't a space you want to spend much time in (the room or the hotel).I've stayed here many times, yet the staff always asks me if this is my first time staying at the hotel. Everyone is efficient, but doesn't really convey any sense of the hotel itself. They seem to be content with doing their job.	
Nov 22 2007 	Clean modern compact slightly noisy	I stayed here 18-21 November 2007, having heavily researched hotel choices on trip advisor and my time out guidebook. I booked it through Lastminute.com for £146 per night per room.The location is great, as a lone female traveller it was central enough so you didn't have to walk off the beaten track alone, but still not on a main busy road.My room was on the 15th floor and you could still hear LOTS, the theatre strike was on while I was there and as the theatre for Chicago is opposite the hotel the picket line was supported by a brass band every evening. Saying that though my jet lag meant I passed out whatever!The room was clean and compact although it take me a while to work out the two TV remotes.Few niggles: the air con never really made the room cooler (less than 24 degrees, it was a noisy room, the water tasted funny and it took a long while for the cold to come out.Staff were lovely and very friendly and helpful although I agree with a previous review that they would have their own conversations before even noticing you were there.I got there at 1pm and my room was available then which was great.Heavily recommend it and would stay there again if I wanted something in the mid-town/theatre district.	
Nov 22 2007 	Perfect Ideal Location Loved It	Stayed here for a week the beginning of November. Ideal location, is located right on Times Square but from the hotel rooms you wouldnt think so as it is so quiet. Rooms are spacious enough, very well decorated. Loved it, when i return to New York again i would definately stay here!!	
Nov 21 2007 	Harrassed 3 times before 10am on morning of check out	Stayed for 4 nights at the Time hotel, it is fine, fairly average for New York, small rooms but clean and great doormen. Not worth a review in either direction until the morning of check out when we were DISTURBED THREE TIMES BEFORE TEN AM We knew that they were booked at full occupany and needed a prompt check out at 11am as stated, but we were not prepared for the rudeness with which we were treated that morning. 8.15am telephone call - &quot;did we have a problem with our safe?&quot; &quot;no&quot;8.30am knock on door - &quot;had we asked for someone to be sent up from downstairs?&quot; &quot;no, definately not&quot;9.30am second knock on door - &quot;when did we think we might be checking out?&quot; &quot;please stop harrassing us, we're awake , packed and leaving alright!!&quot;This is an unforgivable strategy to ensure our prompt check out. They started 'accidently disturbing' us nearly 3 hours ahead of the scheduled check out time. The first two time I could have considered an honest mistake, by the third time I was suspicious and when I asked a fellow guest who was leaving the hotel at the same time as us... suprise suprise, they had also been disturbed twice that morning.We ended up checking out an hour early (which I am sure they were pleased about) but will NEVER stay there again (which they should consider when they next try this tactic.) and were so angry about this treatment that I have written a review for the first time ever (which I hope will mean they really reconsider this tactic)This ruined what would have been a perfectly reasonably stay, unless you have an early flight out I would not recommend this Hotel.	
Nov 21 2007 	Time For TheTime..........	I stayed at The Time November 18-19. I got a great rate by booking thru TRAVELZOO for $151 a nite. I arrived at the hotel around 11am not sure if my room would be ready. I was told no rooms were clean as yet--that was fine. I went back at 2pm and rooms still not available--so i told the desk i would return after my matinee show. I returned about 7pm and was given keys to my room. I was put in one of the hotels red rooms. The Time uses red, blue or yellow as the room colors. I was pleasantly surprised at the size of my room. It was a fun decor and really comfortable. The room had windows but looked into another builidng. They had been covered with blinds but highlited by decorative lighting that was cool. The bathroom was nice wtih a great shower. i liked the turndown service with two Time chocolates and a card telling me the weather forecast for the next day. Only a few suggestions--each time i approached the front desk-agents were not quick to acknowledge me. They seemed to be engaged in personal conversations. But once they saw me they were helpful. In the room, the bathroom faucet was broken so the handle came off in my hand--yet i was able to get water. Also, the toilet seat was not properly tightened. I let the front desk know of both of these issues. The Time is a great Times Square location. I definitely will stay at The Time --time after time.	
Nov 15 2007 	Stay away	My wife and I stay in NY about every 7 weeks for a weekend. I have stayed at this property before and would have told you it was wonderful, but boy have things changed. First I understand the property is under new management so that may explain some of the problems.On arrival we were told that their once very lively and entertaining lounge was closed down by the BD of Health. Next the phone in our room was broken, the television was broken, the computer modem was broken and last but not least the air conditioner was broken.In order to call the front desk I had to get an outside line and call the hotel directly to get any help with these problems. The television sensor was broken and it took an engineer to actually figure it out. It then took an engineer to install a completely new modem and the engineer was never able to figure out the a/c.Bright spot the engineer was a great guy we became fast friends as a result of all our contact. Also Kevin the doorman was great and should probably leave for a better gig. At over 400 a night this is certainly not the place to stay	
Nov 11 2007	Great place / great location	I just returned from another visit to NYC and once again stayed at TheTime. Having worked in the city I like their central location. The Time is a boutique hotel and to me therein is the difference. I find the staff there courteous and pleasant and committed to providing service unlike the larger “chain” hotels. Here you are treated as a special guest whether it’s your first time there or a returning guest. Along with a great staff the rooms are clean, quiet and secure – what else is there? They are in the process of opening a new restaurant Serafina that offers gourmet pizza. If there is one thing I love about NYC it is their pizza!PS, I am not associated with nor do I know anyone at this hotel outside of being a guest there.	
Nov 10 2007 	Super Time!	I stayed at The Time again this past weekend. Kudos to the hotel - the staff were so friendly and helpful, and the vibe was fun and hip. Thought the fish tank was really cute and the apples at turn down was a nice surprise (and the chocolate yummy!) The front desk said they are opening a new restaurant and I look forward to coming back and trying it. Thanks for another great stay~	
Nov 8 2007 	Great hotel	I stayed at the Time for 2 nights for business. Finding a hotel last minute in Midtown is hard, I was a bit anxious about the Time by reading the reviews but was only positively surprised. I have never found an hotel so calm, you can't even hear one car honk. The bed is comfortable, with good linens and pillows, service is good. I had a king size room, the size was just big enough. The only negative thing is that the shower pressure is not high enough. The gym is definitively not high end (only 1 cardio machine works out of 3), but since there is no one using it, it's not a problem. would go back for the location, the bed and the tranquility.	
Nov 8 2007	Serious problems - bed bugs restaurant closed by health dept.	My experience at this hotel was extremely disappointing. We were greeted upon our arrival by protestors outside the hotel with a giant inflatable rat. The restaurant under &quot;renovation&quot; had actually been closed by the health department because of a rat problem. There was a health department closure notice posted inside the hotel. By the third day of our stay (our departure day) I had started to break out with red itchy welts all over my legs. When it finally dawned on me that they were bed bug bites I attempted to contact the manager on three different occaisions. He was gone for the day, at lunch, and in a meeting. I can only assume that the management of this hotel is totally indifferent to the concerns of their guests. I just wanted some assurance that the hotel would take care of the problem so no one else would have to experience the misery of these bites. The hotel is in a great location but I would not recommend it to anyone!!!	
Nov 6 2007 	Not quite luxury boutique but great value in Theater District	We picked this hotel for its great location and because we like small, service-oriented luxury boutique hotels (e.g. International House in D.C., Madison Hotel in Memphis, etc). At the Time, our King room was small (to be expected) but nice. Front desk staff was polished and helpful, but the rest of the staff was pretty rough around the edges. They didn't have the level of formailty and courtesy we typically expect at hotels like this. (Housekeeping, for example, was carrying around the fresh linens in giant, black unsighly Hefty bags which filled the narrow halls each morning.) And unfortunately, the kitchen was closed for renovations during our stay and the hotel put on a free daily continetnal breakfast on the rooftop to compensate. Pulling off the breakfast was too much for the poorly trained staff, who let the coffee pots sit empty for long periods of time while they relentlessly asked people for their room number.All in all, we did enjoy our stay. The location is right in the middle of all the Broadway theaters and the rooms were quiet and well equipped. The service level wasn't top notch, but pretty much what we expected for the very attractive price.	
Nov 6 2007 	Great location great staff	I stayed at The Time for a business and pleasure trip to New York, along with my fiancé.The rooms are small, then again, this is New York, so that was to be expected. The location, literally &quot;just around the corner&quot; from Times Square, can't be beat, and with a room towards the back, there is no noise either. Throughout our stay, the staff was friendly and courteous, and the concierge tried every trick in the book to get us tickets to the Rangers-Devils game.All-in-all, an excellent gem of a hotel, right in the thick of things. We're definitely staying here again...	
Oct 16 2007	Totally Amazing	I stayed at The Time over the weekend and it was LOVELY - very centrally located to some of the best sights in Manhattan like Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Times Square, Broadway Theaters - also also close to transport which was great since there were lots of other parts of the city I wanted to explore outside of midtown.The rooms were totally modern and very nicely decorated - the beds were SO COMFORTABLE and the hotel staff were more than helpful in suggesting sightseeing tours and restaurants and were also amazingly friendly!There is a great bar/lounge which was perfect for nighttime drinks after a long day on the town!Best part is that even over the weekend our rates were totally reasonable - I would definitely stay at The Time again and would suggest you to do!	
Oct 9 2007 	A glorious nights sleep	This hotel is very hip' with a perfect location. I found the staff to be knowledgable and courteous starting from the door man then leading up to my room. What more can I say! Oh yea, I had a very dreamy nights sleep with the fluffiest pillows and down comforter, my friends had to drag me out of bed!	
Oct 8 2007 	Loved the Time Hotel	I absolutely loved the Time Hotel...the rooms are beautiful and the staff is very nice and helpful. I also love the location, in the middle of times square...close to everything	
Oct 8 2007 	Awesome Hotel	I recently stayed at this hotel with a group of girls for my bachelorette party. What a great location right in the middle of NYC what more can you ask for. Walking distance to Time Square, great restaurants and bars locally. The hotel has a great modern atmosphere and the rooms are decorated in bold colors. My room was BLUE!!! The staff at the hotel was great anything we needed from ice, toothbrushes, to wine openers. Very pleasant. The bar located in the lobby is a great place to meet with your guests and have a drink. While your there check out the seahorses they are soo adorable..even when they are sleepin at 2am. I would definitely recommend this hotel to all girls looking to stay at a hot spot in the city. Thank you Time Hotel for making my bachelorette weekend one to remember.	
Sep 30 2007 	Not worth it!	I stayed in this hotel on a Friday night for a business trip. I visit NYC several times a year and this was the most expensive hotel I have ever stayed in and far from the best; it was such a disappointment. The front desk service was unacceptable and disrespectful. I never once saw a doorman; good thing I did not need a cab. The room was average, definitely not spectacular. If the rate was cheaper I would say it was an average hotel but for the price I would not recommend it. I will never stay here again unless the rate is lower a few hundred dollars.	
Sep 28 2007	We loved it	We really loved this hotel. We spent 7 nights there. The location is fabulous!!! It is in a central location. It was very quiet. We never heard a sound from anyone around us. We were on the 4th floor. I loved the way it was decorated. The room was small, but cozy. The staff was very helpful with everything from directions to reservations. I can't think of one bad thing to say about this hotel. We loved it and will stay there again next time we're in NYC! :o)	
Sep 25 2007 	Just okay...	I was at The Time for a couple nights while on business in Times Square. Although the experience was okay, I probably will not be returning.The service was, again, just okay. Very nice at the front desk but slow. Room service very slow.The room itself was a typical small NYC hotel room but I was shocked to see a full-sized bed when I had specifically requested a king (my husband was with me). We ended up moving hotels because we just couldn't get comfortable in that bed and they could not move us to another room. The decor is minimalistic, which is fine, but it didn't feel very comforting.	
Sep 11 2007 	Very nice...	We booked our holiday in New York on Expedia. We like the pics of The Time hotel and were just as pleased when we arrived. The room was a nice size for NY measures. The bathroom was nice with walk in shower with TWO shower heads..one in the back and in the front!!! The decor was hip and contempoary. The flat screen HGTV was 32&quot; ...very nice. Dislikes: LOL the window in our room could be opened all the way with no safety feature!! Anybody ,after a few stiff drinks could jump right out and land face first in the street. Breakfast at the hotel was continental and mediocre at best....they charged us 15USD!!!! How silly were we?! Likes: My guy and I wanted to go to Fire Island for a day and we had no clue what the ferry schedules were...the hotel manager did a google search and printed out the ferry schedules and sent them with us she even gave us a LIRR map. Staff was very friendly and if you asked a question they did not know they looked it up right away. Overall this hotel was a great find and very well decorated at a very nice price.....OH and LOVED the eggs under the elevator how clever!!!!	
Sep 5 2007	Mixed feelings	Good stuff: Great location! Convenient to subway stations and Times Square. My room was tidy, mostly clean, and most importantly QUIET! Staff was courteous and friendly too.Semi-bad stuff: I paid for a Queen size bed, and they even confirmed that when I checked-in, but the bed in the room was a double bed. My husband is a tall man so it really cramped his style. Not sure what happened there. We weren’t in our room very much and we did not have time to complain about it.	
Sep 3 2007 	Great Location Beware the Cheapest Room	We booked 2 standard rooms for a week's stay. Although I phoned the hotel and checked the room size, etc. no-one warned us how small this room was. The bed was shoved into one corner and the air-conditioning unit was nearly the width of the room. We had a week's worth of clothes, but there was little room to hang anything and no drawers. We had to upgrade or would have tripped over our suitcases all week. OK for single person staying one night. Our second rooms were good and worth the extra cost!The hotel is in a great location, close to theatreland, Manhattan, etc. 2 great diners - Olympus for breakfast and Ellen's Starlight diner for dinner (where talented singers wait on tables and sing show tunes to entertain the guests)!	
Aug 30 2007	Perfect for a fun stay in New York	Honestly, this is a perefect place to stay in New York. Anyone who has issues with the room sizes is crazy. They are small, but who actually spends their day in New York in their ROOM????? A city with tons of places to eat and things to see and do, you aren't spending every second in the room. But, the time I did spend, was perfect and all we needed. My boyfriend and I stayed in a double. It was all we needed. Close to the subway and the concierge was sooo helpful. They helped us get around on the subway, offered us a complimentary umbrella when it rained. We were also going to Long Island and the concierge helped us with trains and the Long Island Transit schedule. ALL YOU NEED FOR A GREAT STAY IN NEW YORK AT A GREAT PRICE.	
Aug 26 2007 	Please Do Not Stay Here	I just got back from a stay at the Time hotel and this place is truly horrendous. Upon arrival, I learned that they did not have my reservation and I had to wait 20 mins for them to figure out what's wrong. The room at the hotel was small and dirty. My carpet had stains on it. Worse was the bathroom which is so tiny that you have to shower in a little corner of the bathroom with a curtain to hide you. The Time is not a luxury hotel; it is the same as a cheap motel except for the fact that it has a nice lobby. Do not be fooled by the fancy lobby and lounge, the hotel is horrible.	
Aug 23 2007 	Great hotel for the Broadway fan	We stayed at the Time for a long weekend in June and it fit our needs perfectly. Room: We had a standard room and it was tiny, but who goes to NY just to hang out in their room? Modern decor, nice large plasma TV, great toiletries, nice robes available in room. It was kept very clean and that's the important thing. The cleaning lady was great and super friendly.Service: The lobby staff was courteous. No complains here.Location: It's perfect for the Broadway fan. We ended up seeing 5 shows in 3 days. The hotel is actually located right next door to &quot;Spring Awakening&quot; and across the street from &quot;Chicago&quot;...just a block or so away from Times Square.Overall: This is a great hotel, nicely converted from what I'm guessing was an old apartment building. 2 elevators are available for the 14 or so floors, which were tiny and somewhat slow. It wasn't that big of a problem, but sometimes the elevators can get crowded at certain times. They were still doing some renovations by the lobby when we went. However, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Aug 20 2007 	Weekend Getaway	Great hotel, fantastic location, helpful and friendly staff, modern rooms--a fantastic spot for a stay in NYC. I will definitely stay there again if I get the chance, and will recommend it to friends visiting the city.	
Aug 20 2007 	HATED TIHIS PLACE	This is one of the worst (and ugliest) hotels I've ever stayed in. They put me in a handicapped room where wasn't a proper drainage basin (the shower was level with the floor) for the shower. I had to sop through 2 inches of water in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom.I finally built a &quot;dam&quot; with towels along the shower hoping that would help .When I left and commented on the shower situation the person who checked me out said, &quot;I don't understand why they put people in those rooms.&quot; Enough said.	
Aug 19 2007 	Could be better	The Time was the second NY hotel we stayed in on a trip to the US late last year. We also stayed at the Hotel Chandler, also a small boutique hotel and one that it has to be said totally outclassed this one. LOCATION: Superb, right next to TImes Square and all the hustle and bustle.HOTEL: Swanky and shiny. Modern.SERVICE: Arrogant. The atmosphere was cliquey and had an air of &quot;you are lucky to be staying here.&quot; We had one reason to call reception which was being unable to get any channels on our very flash plasma screen. No-one ever turned up to sort it out, and we found out in the moning when we found a lump in the bed that there was in fact a seperate cable remote. Someone could have pointed out that there were two remotes when we called with the problem.ROOM: This is where the problems are. It was TINY - I know all Manhattan rooms are small but these really are, and they are poorly designed. Everything looks too big for the room, especially the plasma screen. Indeed it is nice to have a Bose Waveradio to play with, but it took up nearly all of the bedside table, leaving no room for the phone, which was shoved on length-ways. Petty I know but it made an incredibly small room look untidy before you rolled your suitcase in. The room just said &quot;crashpad&quot; and not &quot;boutique hotel room.&quot;The bathroom was nice and very clean,and actually seemd quite spacious compared to the room itself. There were Molton Brown toiletries as I recall which is always nice.BAR: Very shiny and sex in the city, with expensive but reasonably well made and strong cocktailsl. Very quiet though even on Friday night. Loud hip-hop playing (DJ) but no dancing. RESTAURANT: We had a superb meal, and being our last night, pushed the boat out and had oysters, cocktails and some awesome red wine, on which we spent twice what we had intended (very good friendly waitress had polished sales skills!) Although very well cooked everything was rather heavily salted - but we are quite fussy foodie types and the meal was still excellent.OVERALL: There's nothing hear to worry about and it is a funky, central place, but it just didn't feel like true quality behind the pretentiousness. If you are young and plan to be out all the time you may well like it, but to us this wasn't a true boutique hote.	
Aug 14 2007 	Great Location Great Atmosphere	I chose to stay at the Time b/c of it's location. It's is right across the street from the theater where Chicago is playing. The Gershwin is right down the street and Time Square is right around the corner. It's a few blocks over from great shopping and Rockefeller Center and short walk to Central Park. The room was very clean and nicely appointed. The room had an awesome flat screen tv and very nice updated bathrooms. The staff was extremely accommodating and offered great recommendations for eating and night life. They offered turn down service complete with a chocolate on your pillow! Great value, awesome location, paired with a friendly, knowledgeable staff - what more could you ask for! I will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 14 2007 	Great hotel Great Location	Stayed at the time hotel twice in the last 2 week once for 3 nights and also for one nighton both occasions found the hotel to be great.great spot near time square the hotel was quiet at night with great facilities in the rooms flat screen tv etc.the rooms were spotless clean and all the staff were most helpfullthe lad on concierge was great helped us with directionsmany times.got a good deal via travelzoowill return on my next visit to ny	
Aug 13 2007 	Still Sexy In The City!!	The Time Hotel in Times Square fails to disappoint!! This was my second stay at the hotel and The Time still leaves me feeling sexy in the city!! The courteous wait staff, hip lounge, and comfortable room were very refreshing after a day in the city. The suite was super roomy with a very comfortable bed and great jacuzzi bath tub. I won't stay anywhere else when I travel to NYC. If you want the royal treatment, then come to the Time Hotel, you won't regret it!	
Aug 13 2007 	Weekend escape	I just got back from my weekend getaway in the big city! Stayed at The Time - the first time I had ever stayed at a boutique hotel and I'm never staying at a big chain in NYC again. The staff made me feel like royalty and the suite was one of a kind. It's obvious that The Time wants you to have the best stay possible. The location couldn't have been better - the show Chicago right across the street, authentic NY pizza a block away and great shopping within walking distance. My only regret is that I didn't stay longer but I will be back the next time I go to NYC.	
Aug 8 2007	Don't spend time at the Time and you'll have a good time	Location location location. that's what this hotel has going for it. It's right off Times Sqaure, and for the price, it can't be beat.PROs: location. competent staff. clean. safeCons: Microscopic rooms (welcome to NYC), hotel itself is tiny. bar downstairs looks cool, but has poor service.Stay here, but don't stay here........drop your bags, be thankful you're in the heart of Manhattan, and get out and see the sights. If you're looking for a hotel to spend a lot of time IN, this is not the place for you. If you're looking for a place that you can just use to sleep and shower, then this place works great.	
Aug 5 2007 	Great Hotel - better if they'd sack housekeeping	The first impression we got of the Time was absolutely fantastic. I had read some of the reviews and was a little wary about the level of service. However, we were met at the door by a great doorman who took care of all our baggage and directed to reception to be met with equally friendly and efficient staff who processed us very quickly and within a few minutes of arriving we were in our room with the baggage delivered. Again the bellman who delivered the bags was very helpful and answered any questions we had. The room wasn't huge, but in New York none of them are, but it was fairly well appointed, and the nice touches such as the Bose radio are very good. The bathroom was small also, and the only problem I found in there was that the shower leaked somewhat and needed towels down to soak up the water. We didnt bother complaining about this as it wasnt so bad as to affect our holiday and we just put down used towels to soak up the water. The nice cosmetics provided were good. If I did have to put down one complaint it would be regarding housekeeping. On at least 2 of the 6 mornings we were staying there they knocked the door to come in, despite us having turned on the 'do not disturb' sign. Even on the other mornings housekeeping were extremely loud in doing their business and we could hear them talking loudly and banging doors. Maybe we should have got up a little earlier, but I didnt feel it was so late that they should be making the noise they were. Also one evening there was a disturbance outside the door with people talking 'very' loudly into walkie-talkies - after a little panic, wondering was the hotel being evacuated we discovered it was housekeeping again, just checking if everything was ok. I asked for some more towels as there had only been 3 left that day and I wanted another. The person obviously didnt speak english so i pointed to a towel and was told that one would be coming, however none arrived. The problems with the housekeeping though were minor enough not to have affected our stay. The hotel is in a fantastic location and I would recommend to anyone else going to New York. Its really only 2 minutes from Times Square and close to anywhere you'd want to go. I was also pleasantly surprised at the prices in the mini-bar, we bought several items, and a beer was only a few dollars and other snacks were cheap. The hotel looks really good, the service on the doors etc is great and if they had managed to keep housekeeping quiet then I would have no problem giving them 5 stars.	
Jul 28 2007 	A Fun Time At The Time	My wife and I spent a Saturday night at the Time on a visit to see the broadway show '110 In The Shade'. It would be easy to criticize the Time based on the fact that the toilet overflowed and the batteries for the remote control were fading when we first arrived. Likewise, the front desk was hectic and confusing like a youth hostel opposed to a boutique hotel. Some of these small problems could be fixed with better management, but the positives of the hotel far outweighed the negatives. The Time is a boutique hotel and as such, they get the most important aspects right. Many of the previous reviews were critical of the small rooms. Noting that, we stayed in a king size deluxe room which wasn't large, but was roomy. The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept on - and I'm a frequent traveller. And the large flat screen t.v. placed on the wall in front of the bed actually made the smaller room more pleasurable for snuggling with my wife and watching television. Finally, the shower and toiletries were excellent. Above all, the room was very clean and functional.The Time is a fun hotel for the adventurous traveller who is looking for an alternative to boring chain hotels or the Grand Dame stodginess of old New York hotels. I would definately recommend the Time for a weekend getaway - I'd just advise upgrading from the smallest rooms.	
Jul 24 2007 	Great location	Stayed at the Time with two teenagers. Since we were there to see Broadway plays it was the perfect location. Staff was fine, rooms seemed a little dated, great TV. Best thing was the location, near all of the theaters and Times Square. Got a good deal contacting the website with a discount code from Travelzoo. Overall good experience.	
Jul 21 2007	Great time at the Time Hotel	My teenage daughter and I just returned from a stay at the Time Hotel and we were very pleased. The room was quite reasonable by New York standards. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was well appointed and clean. The location was excellent for seeing Broadway shows or shopping. Parking was available directly across from the hotel for only $25/day. I will plan to stay here the next time I go to the city.	
Jul 18 2007 	Water Problem / Indifferent Service	Wow, I just read a couple of review from folks who stayed at the Time around the same time I did and our experiences were pretty different. I was awakened one night at midnight by water cascading from the vent in the ceiling of my bathroom. Maintenance took 15 min. to get to the room for clean-up. It happened again the next morning. Each time, I was given a different explanation for the problem. I had to ask to be moved to a different room and it took the front desk all day to make one available for me. A promised call to my cell phone to tell me when I could move my things never materialized. The most frustrating part of the situation was that NO ONE apologized for the problem or the inconvenience. Overall, I found the staff unfriendly and indifferent to the guests. The common areas of the hotel are a little scuffed up and just this side of shabby. The room was nicely laid out, not too small for Manhattan, but again, the furnishings could have used some buffing and refreshing. The location is great if you want to be in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Times Square; otherwise, you're better off choosing a location a few blocks north, south, east or west. It was too crowded an area for me. I won't stay at the Time again.	
Jul 2 2007 	Glamorous Time at the Time	Right in the heart of Times Square and the Theatre District this awsome hotel treated me like royalty. From the moment I arrived and the bell man opened the door, I knew this hotel was going to be luxurious. The room was decorated in vibrant colors and plush linens on the bed, and the bed was so comfortable after a long day of sight seeing. The staff was so friendly and wanting to help with anything I needed. The bar downstairs was soft and inviting, to make you want to sit down and have a drink, never intimidating. I definitely will return to The Time on my next visit to New York City.	
Jun 26 2007 	Enjoyed The Time	Overall our stay at The Time was good. It was in a fantastic location, just off Times Sqaure and we were there for New Years so we just walked straight out into all of the action! It was in midtown so we could get everywhere really easily. The bar was very nice and so was breakfast although it was a tad overpriced. The room service food was not so great and we got charged after we left for some room service we had paid for in cash. It seems as though the room service man must have pocketed the money and said we hadn't paid for it so that was a bit annoying. Apart from that the staff were very nice and there were always two people standing outside ready to help with bags or call a taxi. The bed were very comfy (very important!) and the bathroom was nice (moltan brown toiletries!) and the room was always cleaned very well every day. Overall, nice hotel, great location, I am still annoyed about the bloke pocketing our money though!	
Jun 22 2007 	Incredibly Accomodating	I made an error and booked my room one day earlier and the hotel was sold out on the day I showed up. They did everything possible to get me a room, checking their sister hotels, etc. The staff at the Times &amp; their sister hotel, The Night, where absolutely incredible. I showed up late, they found me a room, did NOT gouge me on the price and the room was fabulous. I am a Hilton Honor &amp; Westin member, and will stay at this family of hotels on all my trips to NY!!!	
Jun 21 2007 	Great Location	Stayed there for a week just recently. The hotel has an ideal location for visits to sights in manhattan &amp; subway to further destinations. The staff is very friendly, the rooms are spacious, and the housekeeping cleans the rooms very well. Overall, very very pleasant stay with no negative point at all! Will definitely go back!	
Jun 20 2007 	Dead cat test!	Stand in the middle of this $400 room and swing a dead cat by the tail and you could hit all four walls! The 'hotel' is a dark, rabbit-warren, of mazes, hallways and rooms. My tv barely worked, no music or DVD, NO CLOCK, and a tiny window looking at a wall of another building. Based on the line of people, including a colleague of mine, standing in line at the reception desk with complaints of reservations being dropped or lost, I'd say I wasn't alone in thinking this place is a HUGE RIPOFF!Oh by the way, they should force the 'designer' of this place to live in this dump as punishment for his sins.	
Jun 10 2007	Friendly staff	It was my first trip to NYC and my mom and I were quite nervous to visit this grand city. When we arrived to the hotel, very early in the morning by the way, they didn't exactly have our room ready which was understandable. They set our luggage aside and gave us tips on what we could do during the day. They were helpful on directions. When we got back to the hotel our room was ready and I was amazed to see little tv's in the hallways. It's a modern hotel for sure. Our rooms were small, but comfortable. On our last day my mom and I were discussing how we didn't run into the stereotypical &quot;rude New Yorkers&quot; and as soon as we said that two taxis were fighting with each other on who gets to take us to the airport. This made us very uncomfortable and the staff saw this and told them that it was settled that we had our own transportation. We were thinking &quot;huh?&quot; and they had a car service(don't know if it was theres) take us to the airport. The driver was very friendly. They saved the day. I enjoyed my stay there and would stay there again the next visit I have to NY.	
Jun 4 2007 	Defnitely a rip off!	Overall, this hotel is over rated and nothing but hype! The quality and service definitely do not measure up to its &quot;reputation&quot;.My partner and I arrive at the hotel after a 18-hour long flight at 8am. Despite our request through email for an early check-in, we were told to come back at 3pm. In their own words, &quot;it's only a request&quot;. Can you imagine that we had to comb the streets of new york looking like zombies?? The receptionist was not helpful at all.The hotel was not well kept. The carpets (along the corridor and room) and the place just look OLD! When we finally got the room, it was not the colour theme that we had requested for (if they can't get this right, why bother to ask us in the first place when we did our booking?). But that was the last thing on our mind since we were both dead tired.The first impression of the room was BAD! Carpet is dirty (I wonder how often do they vacuum clean the carpet!). Necessities such as the bedroom slippers are also missing. The toilet door is faulty. The sheets are not even neatly pressed.The gym is pathetic! The treadmill's really old and they have limited equipments. It's okay if you just want a quick cardio exercise and get out of the tiny room or gym .Don't bother about the in-house breakfast! It's US$15 for a continental breakfast... way too pricey. Thank goodness, we didn't pay for the over-priced meal. My recommendation is try the deli around the area. Starbucks, Food Empire and McDonald's are just round the corner.I wonder how on earth does the hotel justify its rates?? There are better hotels in that area. The only consolation is that the hotel is located in a prime area and is near to the subway. The asian doorman is really helpful and friendly (the rest of the staff does not even know what does good service entail). Frankly, the review would have been better if the room rates were at 3-star prices (or even 2-star). Unfortunately, it's not the case. Having stayed at better hotels around the world, the Time DOES NOT offer good value for money. We will defnitely not return to this hotel. A hip hotel? Definitely far from it!	
May 16 2007 	NIce Time	We needed a place to stay for a couple of nights in NYC and found a decent rate at The Time. We stayed there once before several years ago. The first time we had a queen room which was pretty tiny. This time we had a king room which was a bit larger. The room was fine with a comfortable bed and nice linens. The bathroom was also fine with nice toiletries. The closet space is pretty limited. There is one sort of hanging area which has a fabric cover and is difficult to deal with. There is no restaurant at the moment but they offer a continental breakfast for $15 and it is not very good--we had it one morning because we were in a hurry but would have been better off getting a muffin from a bakery. The staff is pleasant but a little unpolished.Overall, it's a good place to stay if you're going to the theatre and if you can get a good rate.	
May 7 2007 	Nice clean 3 Star	I'm going to sound exactly like the previous reviewer because I too booked this trip as a surprise birthday present for my husband and it was our first trip together to New York and our experience was the same. What are the chances? The only difference is we were on the 14th floor. The location is perfect for walking around Manhattan. You can easily walk to Central Park, Time Square (which is a huge tourist trap), or go shopping on 5th Avenue. It is in mid town and the closest subway stop is one street over on 50th - which can take you to Soho, Greenwich Village, etc for $2 each way. The hotel is 9 years old and is a little worn in certain areas and could stand a little TLC but overall, it is clean, well kept and quiet. The beds are extremely comfortable. First time in my life I was able to sleep in a hotel bed better than my own bed at home.Some staff are better than others. Calling the front desk was pretty bad the few times we tried. The phone rings forever and they aren't very professional. But the doormen are great and the cleaning staff are just dolls. They were so sweet, gave me chocolates for no reason and made our room spotless every day. I wanted to bring one of them back home with me to help with our apartment!The Time website makes the hotel look cooler than it is. I thought it would be more of a boutique hotel - ultra cool, but it's more of a comfortable, clean 3 star than anything over the top.Don't bother with the lounge on the 2nd floor. Our service there was so horrible I don't know where to begin. I don't know if it was everyone's first day there or what but just suffice it to say you are better off going around the corner to have a drink at the W (6th floor I think), which is a way cooler lounge and the prices are roughly the same.	
Apr 30 2007 	Loved this hotel!	I booked this trip as a surprise for my partner's Birthday - our first trip together in New York... We had a fantastic time and we loved this hotel!!!I was concerned after reading reviews, regarding the size of the rooms especially as I booked it as a surprise. I was pleasantly surprised when we reached our room on the 15th floor. It wasn't huge, but we didn't expect it in New York City, it was definately bigger than what we expected. There was plenty of room, it was spotlessly clean and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was once again, very clean, had a small bath with a shower (which admittedly wasn't very powerful but ok). It was certainly not tatty as in other reviews, everything was in good order.The staff were all really helpful and friendly, especially the doorman.The location is brilliant, right around the corner from Time Square, only 15 mins or so walk away from Central Park and 10 min walk from the Empire States Building.We had a fantastic time, in an amazing City in a great hotel. We'll definately be back to New York and the Time Hotel.	
Apr 29 2007 	Great design and location	I stayed at the Time Hotel with my boyfreind, parents and my sister's family (including 2 kids aged 4 and 1) over the Thanksgiving holiday.It got off to a terrible start as I'd phoned in advance to book a cot for my 1 year old nephew. When we arrived on Thanksgiving we were told they didn't have any cots as they were a boutique hotel and my nephew would have to sleep on a sofa bed which was totally unacceptable for a baby. The staff did not seem concerned about this and did nothing to try and help. After unpacking my dad went back to reception to ask if there were any shops nearby where we could buy or hire a travel cot - it was a different woman on the desk and she immediately said they did have cots (cribs in America!) and fetched us one straight away.Aside from this bad start the hotel was great in every other way - fantastic location (a couple of minutes walk to Times Square), brilliantly designed rooms (and pretty spacious for New York - although not great views), very clean and no noise at night time.We didn't try out the bar as there were so many others to choose from nearby but we did buy breakfast there one morning which I wouldn't recommend - very pricey for a basic continental (plus we found it much more fun - and cheaper - to eat breakfast in the new york delis for that true NYC experience!)I would definitely recommend the Time for it's fantastic location and sleek design, but service did leave a bit to be desired.	
Apr 26 2007 	over priced!	We have have just returned form a brilliant 5 night stay in NY and stayed at the Time hotel for 2 nights. The location of the hotel is brilliant if you want to explore the more touristy areas. Its just off times square so you feel you are in the heart of it. However the hotel itself is only average. Our room was small (queen room) though not a problem BUT really in desperate need of a revamp. It looked really worn and grubby. The blinds were broken and torn and it needs decorating. We didn't have a view as we were at the back of the hotel and there was quite a noise coming from the generator but it didnt bother us too much. We didnt use the bar in the hotel as there are much better places to go. All in all a very average hotel, small tired rooms, no special details in rooms and expensive for what you get. We would not return.	
Apr 17 2007 	niceeee	very nice nice hotel (dont touch the mini bar) i stayed in a king room ... nice design.. but small ish room.	
Apr 6 2007 	Excellent choice	Just got back from a quick stay at The Time in Manhattan. The hotel is right in the heart of Times Square, without being right above the noise. The price was excellent. My daughter and I were going in to see a show and decided to stay overnight. It was our first time at The Time. The room was sparkling clean, had a flat screen TV, MoultonBrown bath products, 3 phones, a safe and great lighting. The bed (a queen) was very comfortable and had four pillows and two bolsters. We slept great! The bar/lounge on the second floor is filled with comfy chairs and sofas and is decorated beautifully. You will see complaints on this website that the rooms are small. They are. But I don't go into the city (I live on Long Island) to hang out in my room. My room is to change, shower, sleep and have a great drink in the lounge. I would highly recommend this room for one or two people.It would be perfect for an overnight shopping trip, Broadway show, concert, clubbing or just sight-seeing.	
Apr 4 2007 	Thumbs up for Location Staff and Quietness	My sister and I just returned from a 5 nights' stay at this hotel.The overall experience really good.We had a superior room with a Queen size bed for an average 180 EUR per night ( = 225 USD total).I checked various travel metacrawlers - quotes were more or less the same, so we ended up booking via Sidestep. The deal was not available on the Time Hotel page, though.GOODLocation literally off Time Square.Our room on the 9th floor was pleasantely quiet (backside of the building). The room was small, but sensibly furnished, with a neat bathroom (Molton Brown supplies generously refilled by great housekeeping) and a large flat screen TV.We tried the continental breakfast once (15 USD), which was totally ok, again very nice staff. The restaurant on the Ground level was still in refurbishment, but getting a quick bite nearby (Food emporium etc.) is easy. Take away from Pongsri Thai on 48th and 8th highly recommended. The toilet's flushing broke once, but the manager send someone to fix it within 10 minutes.NOT SO GOODNoise from the corridor can be very loud. Our neighbour for 3 nights apparently &quot;ordered in&quot; some female company at various times of the night(s). The ladies had difficulties getting into the room, but once inside, it got pretty quiet again. We informed the management about this upon departure - they seemed not suprised.	
Mar 24 2007 	Another perfect stay	Just back from our second stay in this great hotel. Rooms are small but spotless,with a safe and T.V Bathrooms are small no tub but a great shower.Hairdryer ,iron and ironibg board are all provided.No tea/coffee maker being the only drawback. Staff are friendly and willing to please and every request was met promptly. However what sells this hotel its its location. Right in the heart of theatre district,with everything close by. Can be expensive at times but we booked our stays through Quikbook.com and got good rates. Will be back in Ny in Sept and will definitely stay here if the rate is right	
Mar 20 2007 	good find in NYC	I stayed at the Time twice this month for work, and it was a great find. It's literally a block off Times Square, which depending on what you're in the city for, is either a great thing or a terrible thing. The rooms were very clean and big enough. It's a sort-of chic hotel, or a trying-to-be-chic hotel at least. The staff was extremely nice and helpful. My first visit I was in a handicapped room and there was no separate shower, so the water leaked all over the bathroom floor and into the bedroom. The second visit my room backed up to the elevator and it was fairly noisy all night. But both times I checked in rather late, and it wasn't bad enough to ask for a new room, just a minor inconvenience.If you've ever stayed in NY, you know to expect tiny rooms and expensive rates. My room ranged from $199 - $250 a night, plus $50 or so in taxes. All in all, I'd say the Time was a pretty good value.	
Mar 20 2007 	best ever	this was the perfect location for our first time in nyc. the staffwere most helpful and friendly. we had a one room suite andit was very spacious. the bathroom had a great shower over the jaccussi bathtub. plenty of Moulton Brown products available.would recommend this hotel to any of our friends or relations.	
Mar 18 2007 	Cheap (ish) but chic!	We got an internet deal and the room worked out about £100 a night which we thought was pretty good value. Nice Molten Brown products in the bathroom went down well with me! The room was not massive but a reasonable size and had a nice flat screen tv and a few funky details. The bed was super comfy and great after a busy day's sightseeing! Good location near to Times Sq and the theatres and the subway.	
Mar 12 2007 	Excellent hotel	I really enjoyed my stay here. The newly refurbished rooms are great.My one and only problem was that I had a corner room, directly above their bar/lounge/club. It was booked for a function on my last night, and the music did not stop pounding until 3 - 4am. Management compensated me appropriately, so I ended my trip happy, if a little tired.So make sure you get a room on a higher floor. (5th or above)The location, pretty much directly on Times Square was amazing!	
Mar 8 2007 	great location for 1st time visitor	We stayed at the Time for 5 nights. The rooms were small, but we expected that with the location. Located literally a block off of Times Square, a great area for someone who has never been there before. Its right across the street from where Chicago was playing. The staff was friendly and helpful whenever we had a question. We got some great reccomendations on food.Wouldn't recommend for family with younger children, but great for a young couple or friends traveling together.Also, you can't beat the price!!!!	
Mar 4 2007	loved this hotel friendly staff and cool rooms	have stayed at many nyc hotels and know that they are not the largest rooms in the world. This hotel room was adequate, we were upgraded by a lovely receptionist. We were given a room with 2 king beds as the lady thought me and my sis in the same bed for 5 nights would begin to get uncomfortable. All this for free. Waiting to take us to the room was the lovely bellboy, very friendly, talkative (ok of course we tipped him) and helpful. Loved the hotel decor and tv on every floor in the wall. However, we were given a room next to this tv and discovered at 1am, severly jet lagged that the tv outside was blaring the news. Reception were extremely helpful, even though i was all confused and kept telling them there was a radio playing in the hall. They turned off the sound for the rest of our stay. The rooms have weird dimmers, you press the line in the wall and the lights dim, a nice touch i thought. The bathrooms were nice a double shower ie one shower on each corner of a double cubicle. Nice molton brown toiletries, but they were a bit sparse considering we were 2 sis wanting to use them (why use basics when you can have creme de la creme). Anyway asked the maid for some and she was happy to oblige with a handful of what i wanted. Very kind... I dont understand why previous reviews have said staff unhelpful as we did not find this at all. Really close to theatres so a bit packed on the sidewalk at times and the restaurant and bar filled up quickly. Very close to times square, this was handy as it was minus ten degrees and very COLD. Internet cafe a few doors away to left. Lovely italian restaurant out of hotel to LEFT and at end of the block cross the road (straight ahead on the corner) very cheap and lovely food. I would stay here again and thats surprising for me as Ihave never returned to same NYC hotel twice. They even had a turndown service and this was lovely after hard days shopping to come backto dimmed lights and the bose radio playing.	
Mar 2 2007 	Great time at the Time!	I loved the hotel! The hotel made our trip! You will love the location. Everyone was so nice. We have stayed at many upscale hotels and this is now my favorite in NYC. I enjoyed the intimate feel and the modern decor. Book your tickets for the theater before you go it is the perfect location for dinner and a show. People that complain about the room size have not spent much time in NYC. A lot of New Yorkers live in rooms that size. We are just spending the night. Hope you have fun. We did!	
Feb 26 2007 	Hor-ri-ble!	Horrible customer service!No restaurant on the premises, so, they give you a janky takeout menu for you to order from. You can't even get morning coffee.Had issues with my bill and spoke to the manager - Becky, who in that nasty NYC tone had the nerve to raise her voice. Told her that we would not have that problem again as I would no longer stay at The Time NY. She exclaimed in the most nasty tone &quot;That's fine with me&quot;	
Feb 25 2007	What a wonderful staff	My wife and I just returned from our first real trip to NYC. Our three night stay at The Time Hotel was a highlight of our trip. I have traveled widely and stayed at every level of hotel imaginable , but I can't recall being more surprised by the hospitality and kindness of a staff of people in the service industry then what we encountered at the Time. I had never heard of The Time until I ran into a wInter promotion deal they were running and did the necessary research and found the hotel to be intriguing, so we booked a King room for around $200.00 a night. While scanning other reviews, I was struck by the description of the hotel as eclectic, funky , and hip as well as the many references to the staff as being stiff, rude , or reserved. My experience was , yes the hotel is quirky as has been noted in previous reviews, but the staff was outstanding from the doormen to bellmen, front desk personnel to maid staff, from managers to bar staff. These people could not have been more welcoming or willing to please. An example. I drove into Manhattan on a Wednesday afternoon, found the Time, was greeted by the doorman who helped us unload our car , and then directed me to the parking garage across the street. While I attempted to park , my wife and our baggage were taken to the second floor reception area waiting my arrival. One problem, being a Wed. afternoon, the parking garages were filled with theater goer's cars for the matinees . Every parking garage in a two to three block area was filled, and as I proceeded to ride around the block for about twenty minutes the staff of The Time and my wife were becoming concerned for my whereabouts. Eventually , two of the staff were out on the street trying to wave me down to sit my car until a spot opened up. However, just as I pulled around for the third or fourth time I spotted a car leaving from across the street and secured a parking slot. On my arrival at the hotel, all were relieved I had survived my first adventure in the city. But I was really struck by the caring attitude the staff showed to me and my wife. As the week proceeded the staff would demonstrate this same attitude in a myriad of ways. They all enjoy their jobs and it showed. We were very impressed, and are glad that the New York stereotype was dismissed in our first hour in the city. Thanks to a great staff for making our trip special.	
Feb 19 2007	Good value great location	I stayed here recently for 4 nights with my 10 year old daughter. I paid $199 per night plus taxes which I thought was great value considering the excellent location - steps from Broadway, very close to subway,taxi rank outside,wide choice of restaurants, near to theatres and it was quiet too (7th floor). Yes the room was on the small side but adequate as we were out most of the time - clean and functional although not much space for unpacked clothes - only a few shelves - no drawers. Staff were very helpful - I couldn't work out how to change channels on the TV so reception sent someone straight away to help ( I was using the wrong remote !!). The floor in the shower was very slippery so take care! We liked Art Diner for breakfast - turn left onto Broadway - and also Backstage Deli was excelllent. Don't bother with the little underground Italian Da Marino (or something) nearby - it's nothing special. There is a great internet cafe a few doors down. The hotel cheerfully stored luggage after checking out until we were ready to go.On the whole a fantastic location - good hotel if you can get it for the right price. Value for money at the price I paid. Recommended.	
Feb 16 2007	Small small rooms	I jumped at the opportunity to stay at a 4 star hotel in NYC when booking for a cheap rate on Hotels.com (roughly $99/night if memory serves). I've stayed at the Millenium Broadway (also 4 star), and this seemed to pale by comparison.Overall, the biggest flaw was not with rude staff or cleanliness but with the microscopic room. Literally, there is a queen bed that allows for about 2 feet on each side &amp; a small bathroom right when you walk in.Some of the decor was... interesting... with eggs &amp; eggcartons at the base of the elevator shaft. The design is quite modern, which suited me ok but not my wife.The staff was pretty responsive overall, but I'd have to say No to this hotel again if you actually enjoy staying at a place for more than just a bed.	
Feb 14 2007 	Great location tiny room	My husband and I stayed at The Time hotel for three days during Toy Fair in Feb 2007. While the room was EXTREMELY SMALL, I expected this. After all, it is NYC! The hotel is very hip and modern, and the location is GREAT! (walking distance to everything!) The bed was comfortable, pillows were soft, shower was great. We did not spend any time in the lounge or restaurant, but they both looked nice. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a place to stay in NYC.	
Feb 4 2007 	great hotel 1/2 the price	As a native New Yorkers, my wife and I have stayed in many different hotels in and around NYC. The Time represents a contemporary departure from the bland hotels in the surrounding area. Upon arrival we were greeted by friendly and courteous staff who informed us of the amentities of the hotel including the garage across the street (parking was 25.00 for the night compared to the 55.00 at the Marriot). We chose the red room which was small but intimate and the plasma TV was a big plus. We stayed on the 14th floor which was easy to go back and forth since the elavators are very quick. Easy walking distance to the theater is a BIG plus. We dined at the 7 Square restaurant which was EXCELLENT, great service and a friendly waiter. Just a tip-eat at 5:30 if you are seeing a play since the restaurant fills quickly, In summary great value for the money, small rooms but 1/2 the price of hotels in the surronding area and great access to plays and shops Would stay again!!!	
Jan 30 2007 	Pleasant Experience	First, anyone who is expecting a spacious room in the city should be prepared to spend upwards of $500+ per night. The rooms at this hotel are typical of 90% of the hotels in the city and that's just how it is. We found our room to be clean and in a good state of repair - no weird smells, stains, frayed rugs, etc. The bed was comfortable although the pillows were a bit lumpy and uncomfortable.The website currently states that color coordinated candy and a scent are placed in the room but our room didn't have this. When we asked at the front desk, we were told that the service was discontinued and that the new website would be up in 5 weeks. this isn't a big deal and it's certainly not why we booked this hotel, but it would be nice to have up to date information.	
Jan 30 2007 	Don't stay because...	... if all of you who read this will book at The Time, the price will go up and I can not afford it anymore ;-)It is a great experience comparing to ordinary hotels like the boring Crowne Plaza next door. It is purely a designer hotel with good value for money when you see the NY rates; best location off Time Square; only 2 min walk to subway.The doormen and beel boys look more like secret service agents and are connected via head phones. Some female receptionists have their own way of communication (NY slang?), but if you see it as part of the whole concept, it is fine and can get used to it.The lounge-bar is next to the reception and busy with outside guests on weekend. Great atmosphere; they don't have a menue for drinks, so order what you like.Personally I didn't like the breakfast style, it is more something for busy travelers; very small choice on the buffet; but eggs etc to be ordered (and paid) extra. But that's the only thing what is better at Crowne Plaza.Room:Either in red, yellow or blue fabrics; flat TV with great sound and Bose radio are in the room, Molton Brown bath amenities and modern post cards as well as bathrobe but no slippers.Make sure to get the electric Do Not Disturb sign explained. It was on since the previous guest but not recognized. When the maid rings the bell it remains silent and she did not clean the room; had to call in the evening to get it done. Also the outside line was not working but could be fixed after 1 day.Overall I can recommend it to get a new experience in a great &amp; modern atmosphere - but nobody is perfect.	
Jan 25 2007 	Great Service	We stayed at the Time a few weeks ago and had a great stay. We had booked the hotel thru Expedia. The Front Desk staff was excellent during our entire stay. The room was modern and looked good. Overall the only problem we had was that we found hair in the bathroom. We found this really disgusting and left a complaint at the desk.The Manager at the desk in the morning was great and he upgraded us to a large suite. The doorman was pleasant and the restaurant was pretty good.	
Jan 21 2007 	Great for the price	Just returned from 6 days at The Time. Very good service and excellent location for going to the theatre. Close to everything. Walking distance or one stop away on the the subway. Also great places to eat from &quot;NYC good and cheap&quot; to &quot;very special and very expensive&quot; very close by. The room is on the small side but comfortable, clean and kept that way daily. Didn't really use the lounge or bar; was a very busy place at theatre time. For what we paid for the room it was great...a few little things like the shower light going on and off (we called it the shower ghost) and had to check to see the door fully closed; other than that, a very helpful and friendly staff willing to take the extra few steps to get you what you need, or lead you in the right direction. Could have stayed in a hotel with a bigger room and paid twice the price, buy why? If your in NYC and staying in your room or eating at places that they have in your home town, you might as well have stayed at home. Have a great time, get out and see it all!	
Jan 7 2007	Suspect service negative vibe room was cool though awesome shower!	My girlfriend and I stayed at The Time for New Years Eve, spending a ton of cash on the room. The room itself was nice, with the best shower ever. However, this hotel feels like an apartment with poor service. I recommend staying elsewhere!Three things made us upset 1) No late check out when they promised we could ask for it the day before 2) Closed bar due to party, the snobby girl told us that the party was cool, but not for us 3) asked for bottle opener, called five times, two hours and nothing!Overall, we did not feel that the hotel was worth it and felt like we should have stayed somewhere else. We stayed at the Grand Hyatt two years ago for New Years and the experience there was far superior.	
Dec 29 2006 	Great location good service clean room	We stayed at the hotel from Dec 21st to Dec 27th, and found it to be a very good experience. We chose the king bed room and while not being large, was more than adequate for us. The room was clean and very quiet. The bathroom, while not spacious, was modern and clean. The shower was a bit funky though: There was no partition between the shower floor and the bathroom floor, and it could get wet and quite slippery. Also, there is a lack of storage space in the bathroom. When we checked in, we were informed that we would be charged for any items removed from the mini-bar, so we left it alone. That is common sense anyway. The room did not have a view. I don't know if other rooms have a view. The common areas and lounge are nicely kept. Obviously some thought has gone into the design concept of this hotel. We found the staff to be attentive and pleasant. It would have been nice to have wi-fi service available however. We would stay there again, and if you plan to see shows, the location cannot be beat.	
Dec 29 2006	Forgot to make up the bed!	We had booked a suite for three people in mid-December. The suite had a king size bed in one room and a pull out sofa in the other. The furniture has seen better days, but the room was okay other than that. When we returned to the room later that night, the king size bed had been turned down, but the sofa bed wasn't made up. We had to open it up ourselves to discover that the thin and sagging mattress had no bedding on it. We called housekeeping to have the bed made up. After several rings, the phone eventually went to the front desk. Someone from the hotel staff, but not housekeeping, eventually arrived with two sheets. He was very nice and did his best, but didn't bring a comforter or blanket. He said he would bring one, but then a different and considerably less friendly man brought a blanket that was filthy and had several holes in it. when we unfolded it. We called downstairs again for a replacement blanket and got one in about the same condition. The night reception desk man told us this wasn't his problem in that he was not housekeeping. We told him we wanted to speak to the hotel manager the next day but the manager never contacted us. Also, we wanted to have a quiet drink in the hotel before going to bed that evening. Although we had been told that the lounge would be open until 2am, the hotel turned the lounge into a night club on Friday night, with music so loud you could barely hear the rude man at reception, which was on the same floor. The restaurant downstairs was closed by 11pm on a Friday night, but they suggested we go out again and try a bar a few blocks away. We ended up using the mini bar in the room. Be forewarned that the hotel uses some strange system that charges you each time you remove an item from the floor level minibar refrigerator. Also, there were only two glasses in the entire suite. Obviously, we weren't calling housekeeping for another glass that night! Also, there was no coffee maker in the room, and the TV in the living room wouldn't change channels or turn off after we turned it on on Sunday morning. The very nice day staff at the front desk removed the excess mini bar charges and said it was a constant problem, but our complaints about the difficulties we had with the night staff were not addressed beyond a very sincere and friendly sorry. I travel a lot, and while the Time wasn't the worst place I've ever stayed, it would take one heck of a low rate to get me to consider giving them another chance. If I did ever end up there again, I would scour the room for problems at check in and plan to spend a couple of hours getting them straightened out while the day staff is still around.	
Dec 28 2006 	Smelly + Noisy!	Arrived at hotel to be greeted by friendly, efficient + helpful staff.Went to the room, 1616, to be greeted by a smell of vomit! Informed maid who cleaned carpet + sprayed airfreshner around. When we returned to the room it still stank! Then we noticed the noise.......the kind of noise you hear when you close your eyes on an aircraft, this went on 24 hours a day so we had 4 sleep deprived nights, not able to move rooms as hotel was fully booked and never found out what was causing the noise. On the 2nd day found vomit that I had been assured was cleaned up, got some cleaning materials and cleaned it up myself.......end of smell!As for the rooms, small and unimpressive. Great location but very busy, would stay in hotel away from Times Square next time. Loved New York and it's people, hated the Time Hotel.	
Dec 17 2006 	Nightmare on W49th Street	This hotel is run by amateurs. Booked an online package that included parking and taxes. Only trouble the package was a mystery to the staff who was rude and argumentative when we tried to get the terms of the package applied. Of course, the parking garage did not want to honor the &quot;free&quot; parking and the manager of the hotel had to accompany me to the garage to straighten things out. Rooms were small and poorly maintained. Plumbing was substandard, for example, and carpets were worn and frayed. The king bed was soft and lumpy. Overall, a lousy experience and pricey to boot. Stay away!	
Dec 13 2006 	A wonderful experience.	The Time Hotel was an excellent find. It was during the Thanksgiving holiday week and the rates everywhere were exhorbitant. The rates at The Time were affordable. They were so affordable that I was a little apprehensive that I would not like it. The decor is impecable. The attention to detail is impressive. The staff is courteous and it has the best location in the city, 49th street and Broadway, in the theater district. I plan on returning many more times. I highly recommend it.Kati GomezMiami, Florida	
Dec 9 2006 	Horrible Hotel Room So Small You can reach the door laying in bed	I had to pay 500 dollars for the room, and when the bellman opened the door, I asked where the room was!This hotel located near Times Square in NYC is so small you can touch the door from your bed (I did!)If you can live with a shoebox sized room for 500 dollars, then there's the bathroom. The sink is the size you would find in a recreational vehicle. There is NO shelf in the shower for soap, shampoo or other amenities, and in the room I stayed in the smell of MILDEW permiated the entire bathroom. Oh yes, I almost forgot there are no washcloths in the bathroom and the only soap from the shower is a shotglass sized bottle of bath gel that is left on the floor of the shower.Ok, you still are sold with the location and can deal with the bathroom and the room. Don't pick up anything in the honor bar you don't want to buy. The thing is rigged to charge you if you pick something up.	
Nov 27 2006	nice stay	I just got back from a 5 night stay at The Time. It was fine for what we wanted, it was clean, with good service, and a great location. Barely any closet space and very little room to stretch out made it hard for us and our luggage to fit into the room comfortably. Our room was small but we expected that. The hotel overall was about average. On Friday and Saturday night the lounge downstairs had some kind of party that we thought was going to ruin our night's sleep, but we were pleasantly surprised when we got off the elevator on our floor (the 9th) and couldn't hear a thing. I would stay there again if I was stopping in on a short trip, but if staying for a while I would opt for another more spacious hotel.	
Nov 20 2006 	No Complaints Here	I stayed there with my wife and infant son, and we had a very pleasant stay. It's in a great location, the rooms were very reasonably priced compared to the competition, the room was perfectly clean, and the staff was very helpful and friendly. Of course, the room wasn't large, but we didn't expect it to be.The staff basically fulfilled all of our needs and did so promptly and kindly. They provided us with a pack-and-play for the baby to sleep, and they replaced it hastily when we found the first one to be broken. They answered all of our questions, gave us ice and other anemities on demand, and let us keep our luggage there hours before checkin. We would definitely stay there again, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a great location for a good price.	
Nov 13 2006 	Stayed in Penthouse for 1 Nite!	I booked this hotel for a weekend getaway w/ an american express offer (15% off a nite for a king bed). Although it was still pricey at over $300 a nite, it was worth the money. The location cannot be beat as it is situated within walking distance to Times Square, subway, Moma, Rockefeller, Central Park and many decent restaurants. Service: Upon our arrival, the desk guy seemed a bit preoccupied at first but eventually checked us in. Due to overbooking and our late 2am arrival, we were given a substantial upgrade to the Penthouse Room for one night. The next morning, despite arriving late we were allowed to sit for breakfast in the hotel restaurant/ lounge (which was ok, however i would recommend nearby french bistro Pigalle on 8th). Rooms: Our first night was in the Penthouse. Overwhelming at first, the room is 3 levels and equipped w/ bar, sauna, two bathrooms with jacuzzi tubs, exterior terrace on two levels and plasma tv's everywhere. Although very nice, it seemed a bit beat up in some areas and mechanical noises could be heard throughout the night coming from next door. Also, the lighting is tricky. The standard king room was NY small but clean and well equipped w/ refrigerator, comfy bed and enough towels to dry you for a week. The bathroom was also small but clean and nicely fitted with modern fixtures, shelves and magazines for those who like to read in there. Cons: Im all for cool design elements, but the fancy light dimmers in both rooms were at times difficult to operate. The only full length mirror is inside the cramped bathroom and guests have to step out to the mirrored elevator area to fully check themselves out. The Time was a very nice stay. The look is sleek and contemporary and may appeal to the traveller who favors that over traditional hotel design. The lounge seemed like a happening place on saturday nite w/ people lining up outside.	
Nov 13 2006 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	Stayed at The Time Hotel in New York City for 1 night in November of 2006 and have only good things to say. You can't beat the location - 49th, right off Broadway. We checked in about 30 minutes early, which was no problem. Considering we were in the heart of Times Square, I felt silly asking for a quiet room, but the person checking us in didn't scoff at all and was very friendly. Turns out our room was extremely quiet and the king bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in. One touch that we really appreciated - the tvs are programmed so that the maximum volume is loud enough to hear, but not loud enough to disturb your neighbors (or have your neighbors disturb you). Even though the bathroom was pretty small, it was fine for us and the shower pressure was perfect. When we checked out, we asked if they'd hold onto our bags for a couple of hours, which was no problem. Like I said, only good things to say.	
Nov 7 2006 	Horrifying	Having moved out of NYC 5+ years ago, I find myself traveling back for work constantly. I think I have stayed in the majority of NYC hotels that bill themselves as 4 &amp; 5 stars. I have never before been tempted to write a review, mostly because my experiences ranged from good to outstanding. This time, I just can't help myself. I arrived this past Sunday and was greeted at the desk by a woman who could not be bothered to look up from whatever it was she was doing. I stood there for a few minutes until she finally acknowledge me by snipping, &quot;just wait a minute.&quot; I did. And then 5 more. Eventually she spoke to me, found my reservation, ignored all my questions -- she literally did not respond to simple inquiries like &quot;where is the elevator?&quot; -- and handed me the keys to Room 1416. Now I knew the room was going to be small, but small combined with dingy and dark does not begin to capture the gloom that awaited me in the (open) security-gate-windowed nightmare. The first thing that came to mind was the scene in the movie &quot;Big&quot; when Tom Hank's and his friend walk into the flop house room that he has been forced to take because he could not go home suffering from his newly-minted grown-up condition.I tried to turn on the overhead light only to discover that the switch was broken. When I called down to ask to have someone come up and take a look, the woman who answered could not have been nastier; I decided that rather than dealing with her, I would rely on the two lamps on either side of the bed. (I can't actually report if the overhead light would have worked if I managed to get some current to it.) I took the two steps from the door to the bathroom to discover that the bathroom door knob was detached. Managing to make it past that obstacle, I tried to turn on the sink to find myself holding whatever it is you call the thing that lets the water flow. The sink faucet leaned sharply to the left, which was amusing more than anything else. (I had to wait until Monday AM to find out that the tub did not drain.) The sink itself was separating from the wall leaving that nice black filth that tends to fill up spaces like this. Did I mention the badly stained carpet? How about the depressing hallways? On second thought, never mind. On the bright side, there were plenty of towels.This can all be yours for the low-low price of $350+ a night!Have fun.	
Nov 1 2006 	Terrific Location and great beds (Traveller from Nova Scotia)	Located on 49th and Broadway, if you are going to see shows, this is a wonderful location. Subway nearby as well. We were within 1/2 block of 2 theatres we went to - &quot;Wicked' and &quot;MamaMia&quot;. I took my 16 yr old daughter and felt very safe at all times in the area and the hotel. Rooms are small (if you get a corner one), but we moved and I was quite satisfied with our accomodations. We had a king room (1010) and it was ample. Beds extremely comfortable- rooms have an European feel. Everything very clean and staff very helpful. I would normally stay at larger hotels but for the price difference I would stay here again. We never ate a meal in the restaurant so I can not comment on that.	
Oct 23 2006	Time Out and disappointed	After doing exhausting research online, I finally settled on The Time Hotel 16-19OCT during my visit to New York City. I usually fly into/out of LaGuardia as it is closer to midtown and always stay in the Time Square-Columbus Circle Area. I chose the Time based on good reviews here and fo the same price as other hotels in the area, I booked a 1 bedroom suite so I can have more space as NYC in general offers tiny rooms.NYC trademark yellow cab dropped us off at The Time's glass canopy entrance on 49th Street and a doorman took our bags up the glass elevator to the second floor reception area. Our first impression was that the Reception area was small and minimal to the point of being styrile and cold. We have previously stayed at other &quot;designer/boutique&quot; hotels (Paramount and Hudson) whose lobbies are ambient with lots of good energy. The Time lacked this feeling.Upon arrival, the check-in staff were robotic and performed their tasks, but offered zero personality or warmth. The bellman took us up to our room and briefly showed us around. On looking around our two-parlour suite, we never got the WOW factor as we did at Hudson or Paramount on previous stays. The Living Room was stark and cold. The Bedroom was in Blue (one o f the primary colours offered-but we were never given the choice to choose) Our opinion about the first impression of the room is: The Designer tried but &quot;missed&quot; we felt disappointed about our hotel selection.First night our sheets were &quot;loud&quot; to the point where I had to leave a note for house-keeping the next day to supply softer bedding as ours was starched to &quot;thy kingdom come&quot; . Street noise was noticable from as early as 4am with trash collection trucks. No attempt was made by the designer to use noice reducing windows or glass and I understand it is a city, but there are other options.Our first morning I visited the concierge to arrange certain reservations and/or meal recommendations. Our concierge was the most dreary individual. Did not seem connected to the city in any way. I asked about relatively new restaurants I had heard about and he was clueless. Of the restaurants he recommended nearby, I knew them already and won't consider them a place I would revisit. I stuck with my original pre-planned restaurant visits from research I did online at &quot;gayot&quot; and &quot;nymag&quot; and made reservations prior to my NYC arrival via opentable's website. The only useful thing the concierge was good for was to hand me a map of the city. He was the only one I ever saw for the duration of our stay at the Concierge Desk. We also secured excellent seats at the last minute via ticketmaster for the Broadway show &quot;Wicked&quot; at the Gershwin Theatre starring Ana Gasteyer. It was fantastic as were our seats 9 rows from Centre Stage.The hotel offers a basic (hot) breakfast off the lobby in the lounge (not the dining room). It was basically a fold open table, a white table cloth, three food warmers one with dried bacon, one with greasy sausages and the other with soggy hash browns. There was also a limited selection of fruit and baked goods. A server eventaully appeared from the kitchen and brought coffee and offered an egg, done to our taste. As I signed the cheque for 39.00 for breakfast for two, I felt this lame breakfast and the high cost of the room (478.00) should have been a complimentary feature. For breakfast, either go to any coffee shop nearby such as Cafe Europa or to Balthazar.Our overall hotel experience was disappointing. I would not stay here again as the are much better options available who offer the full New York City Experience of style and sophistication while providing charisma and comfort in their rooms. So for the hotel I say TIME OUT.Other than checking in and checking out we never encountered other staff and when we tried we got the dreary concierge (sounds like a new broadway play: &quot;the Dreary Concierge-a comedy) The hotel's decor is stark and cold and has zero personality. Accoustically, you hear all the chatter between staff. We shared elevators many times with service staff clearing bags of laundry and trash. Anyone can enter the lobby and take the elevator directly to the floors of the guest rooms. This seemed to be a security risk. The doorman was not there many times of my ins and outs and anyone could have followed me in. The doorman was always pre-occupied chatting with his mates, colleagues or people in the street and often did not even acknowledge the people were entering the hotel. This bothered me a great deal.We certainly do NOT recommend this hotel for your NYC experience. We consider ourselves well travelled and in the 36-40yr old age group and we like the WOW factor, value for money, service, personality and comfort. This hotel failed at offering this to us.We did get this from other NYC experiences on this trip. For example we ate dinner at The Buddha Bar which opened in the Meat Packing district in April. Excellent food and service was great. Got the WOW here. Also try Buddhakhan, which the concierge had no clue about. The best dinner we had was at Kittichai located at the fabulous 60 Thompson in Soho. The intimate Dining room exuded a overall feeling of well-being and the meal was fantastic. Cant wait to go back. For lunch try Spice Market, L'ecole, and BalthazarSo my short list for NYC is:*Fly into LGA-LaGuardia or Newark if you can*Use a NYC Cab and not a private taxi*Choose a hotel from: Paramount/Hudson/the Maritime or 60 Thompson (new hotel soon to be opened at 6 COLUMBUS too)*Breakfast at Belthazar (french) or Cafe Europa (economy)*Lunch at Spice Market, L'ecole (at the French Culinary Institute)  or Gramercy Tavern*Dinnert at Budda Bar, Tao, Buddhakhan and definitely at  Kittichai and maybe SUBA....to go more up-market try Per Se or  Danube*Broadway shows: Wicked/The Chorus Line and Buckley (with  Nathan Lane) Hairspray was fantastic when I say it with Harvey Fierstein (spelling??)One final note: If you like IKEA, there is a dedicated IKEA bus which leaves from the Port Authority Bus Terminal on 8th Avenue and takes you directly to IKEA in Elizabeth, New JerseyThere are also great hot-dogs at Grays Papaya in the villageEnjoy your next New York City experience.	
Sep 5 2006 	Perfect Experience at The Time!	We stayed at The Time September 1-4, 2006. When we first arrived our room was not yet available so they took our bags and we went and had lunch. When we returned our room was available and they had upgraded us to a King Superior room from the Queen. Our room was just what we needed. The beds were comfortable, the shower was great and the decor was very fun! The plasma TV was a plus. The overall look of the hotel is very chic. The location can't be beat. You are literally one block from the heart of Times Square. And there are subway stops right there. It is also directly across from the theater that &quot;Chicago&quot; is showing and right next door to another popular theater. If you want tickets to either just talk to the concierge and they will arrange. We even spotted a celeb getting off the elevator! We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to be in the midtown area. The only complaint is that the 2nd floor lounge was closed at 9pm on Saturday night, which was very odd to us.	
Sep 4 2006	Fine Location Compact Room	I got a good deal for a Sunday night rate ($135 plus tax) booked directly on the hotel's website over Labor Day weekend. The front desk staff were friendly and changed our assigned room when I stressed that my husband and I preferred a quiet location over a &quot;view.&quot; We were in a &quot;blue&quot; decor room on the second-uppermost 16th floor. The room with king size bed was definitely compact for two people. You couldn't swing the bathroom door open and shut without it brushing the side of the bed. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom clean., and it was quiet. We found a complimentary NY Times on our door. All in all, a good deal for what we paid. Location in Theater District near Times Square is excellent.Parking: if you need to park your car, the garage directly across the street from the hotel (on 49th St) gives guests a $10 discount. (Since we only stayed overnight I'm not sure if this discount is per day, or per stay.) Be sure to get your garage ticket validated at the hotel front desk.	
Aug 20 2006 	Very Nice Room and a Wonderful Location!	We just got back from 2 nights at The Time. We had a newly renovated room which was extremely nice but smaller than other hotels I have stayed in in NYC. The room was very clean and housekeeping was efficient. We had a red room on the 9th floor (there was a red scent vial in the room but no jellybeans) Our view was of the building next door (but we didn't go for the view). There is lighting around the window which gives the impression of daylight coming in the window since there wasn't much coming in naturally. The flat panel TV had a good variety of channels. Some came in much better than others. The bed and pillows were comfortable. The bathroom was small but you could move around in it fine. The amenities in the bathroom were awesome. (Ask how to use the thermostat before adjusting the temperature or your room may get very warm. If you adjust it properly, the room stays very comfortable) The fan on the AC was loud but it was white noise so it didn't bother us. We didn't hear any sound from the neighboring rooms while in the room but in the hall you can hear every conversation in every room. The only inconvenience we had was on the day we checked out only one of the two elevators were working. We booked on the internet and got a great deal. We were going to shows so this location was ideal! We will definitely stay there again.	
Aug 20 2006 	We Love NYC	My wife won a trip to see the black eyed peas at Madison square Gardens and this was the hotel we stayed at. I found the staff very friendly and the rooms very clean. I made the mistake of putting my own beer in the bar fridge in the room. I didnt realise it is automatically charged to your bill when you remove things from the fridge. The staff were very helpful and i was never charged for my mistake. When in NYC the hotel is really just a place to sleep so the size of the room doesnt really matter. The beds were very comfortable. The location was awesome every thing is walking distance. I wish I was there right now!!! I love New York!!!!! I would definitly stay at this hotel again!	
Aug 18 2006 	Gadgets don't beat basic cleanliness	Hotel has lots of gadgets in room :fax, internet connection, massive tv etc - but the room was not clean and the shower curtain stank,the bathrrom seemed to have been cleaned with a ditry mop. Staff didnt do anything about this and only offered me another room when I was changing hotel (way too late!).Stylish but tiny rooms,but a terrible lack of maintenance with bits of gunk on the walls( dont ask,dont tell) and a filthy carpet.It could be so much better if they kept it clean and looked after the rooms. Another gadget is not what they need.Great location but it is not enough and I moved after one night.	
Aug 10 2006	Very chic	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at The Time, although itwas some time ago and I've heard things have disimproved a little since. I booked a twin room for my mother and myself (her first time in the USA). The rooms are beautiful - I chose yellow - and ours was relatively spacious. The en suite was superb, especially the twin-jet shower heads which were a novel experience for me! It's certainly not cheap, but this is &quot;downtown&quot; NYC in a good bustling upper west-side location. The reception desk staff could be friendlier, although the concierge couldn't have been nicer.	
Aug 9 2006 	Great Location	We stayed at this Hotel for 4 nights and found our room to be fine, slightly worn in areas e.g the desk slighly damaged, carpet worn in areas. It was a decent sized room and the bed was comfy. There was a safe in the room and maid service daily. The location was amazing yards from Times Square and 10 min walk from Central Park. The Hotel was having renovation work done during our stay, but all staff were very helpful.	
Jul 25 2006 	Average Stay at The Time	I was relatively disappointed with our stay at The Time July 21-23 weekend. The room was nice, but there wasn't enough space to put clothes - no drawers! Also, there was no where to sit, other than a single well worn desk chair and the bed. The room had space for a couple of small swivel club chairs. The shower room was fine. My disappointment was that there was nothing outstanding about this experience. When I stay at a boutique hotel, I expect a couple of outstanding things. Here are a few observations: When we booked (a couple of months ago) we were not made aware of renovations in the hotel (restaurant was down). Maid service was OK (bed made, bathroom tidied), but the room wasn't thoroughly cleaned, for example dirty glasses left on the desk. And the jelly beans weren't replenished! The TV was amazing (gigantic flat panel) but we had to shake the cords around to get it to work (electrician came and he did same!) We called down for wine glasses and they brought up to totally different sized glasses! It's all in the details. All in all, I probably won't stay there again, or even recommend it. It just fell short of my expectations!	
Jul 6 2006	Great Place to Stay to Feel New York	We stayed two nights and were highly impressed with this hotel. You cannot find a better location. Our room was ready when we got there, everyone was nice and helpful to us. Not what I have come to expect from New Yorkers. There is a great breakfast place just around the corner called Pallegio's. Again good food and very quick service. The rooms are not large but we didn't stay in the room that much. We could walk to just about everywhere from this hotel. We will definately stay there again.	
Jun 27 2006	Great Boutique Hotel	We stayed at The Time for only one night, a Sunday, but I felt compelled to write after reading so many average reviews. We requested a deluxe room (about $25 more than the regular superior room) on a high floor after reading that those rooms had been renovated. Our room was filled with clever trendy new furnishings and a very large flat screen TV. The room was spotless, and was a normal NYC sized room with a full tub and shower. We were greated at check-in by both a very pleasant doorman and front desk attendant. As we were leaving in the elevator, we were asked by a hotel employee if we enjoyed our stay. So, although my review is based only on one night, it was a very positive experience... great location, inexpensive price, clean modern room, and a pleasant staff.	
Jun 21 2006	Great Location - Decent Hotel	As a travel professional, I've placed quite a few of my corporate clients into The Time - so naturally, I was a bit dismayed to find a few negative reviews of this property. I decided to book a room there for a weekend and see things for myself. I'm happy to report that the negative reviews seem to be a greatly exaggerated. The Time is a perfectly fine place to rest your head. Our room on the 7th Floor had not yet been redecorated, but was in fine shape. Yes, the rooms are small - but no smaller than some of the cabins I've stayed at aboard various cruise ships. Much like those rooms, The Time tries to compensate for the lack of space with some fairly well thought-out storage nooks.The bathroom is definitely small. It took a while for the water to heat up, and the pressure was not what I am accustomed to, but the shower stall was roomy enough and in spite of what some previous reviews say, there -are- shower curtains, so you -won't- be splashing water all over the place! The Moulton Brown amenities are a nice touch, too.The hotel staff was cordial and most attentive - not stand-offish like others have reported.The restaurant is not serving dinner these days, but a light (and very limited!) menu can be had in the bar. The bar was actually rather dead, too - which is a shame, since it's a great-looking room and the staff seemed to be rather bored. That's not to say they weren't attentive - but I hope some of you who will be staying there will pop on in and give them some business - they deserve it.Location-wise, The Time can't be beat: right off of Times Square, in the middle of the Theater District. If you've got tickets to a show, this is an ideal place to hang your hat - and price-wise, it (normally) can't be beat. I'd check out the hotel's website to see what deals they are offering: we were able to get a much better rate through the hotel than through some of the other online sites.There are more expensive hotels in New York - and there are certainly other hotels who &quot;out-boutique&quot; the Time - but at twice (or thrice!) the cost. If you're looking to hang out with celebutantes - look elsewhere - but if saving money while staying in a room @ a centrally-located hotel that's slightly edgier than most of the others, you'll be perfectly happy here. Pleasant dreams!	
May 22 2006	not quite right and something's missing	We stayed at this hotel for five nights - we were in the city for pleasure. From a location standpoint - it's central to all the theatres and of course, to times square. Some negative comments, the restaurant is never open and the bar is on the second floor and has no energy or cool interior space. We thought we were booking a cool, boutique-esque hotel - and it's not. There's no wireless in the hotel! There's just something missing from the space - the lobby is too starck and barren. We had to wait until 3 pm to finally check-in and at that point, we had some issues locating a non-smoking room even though that was on our reservation. It may have been a cool hotel at some point - but, it's lost it's character. On check-out, there were some charge issues but, fortunately they were taken care of - as they should have been. What to say in conclusion? Cheap hotel in the right area - not the amenities or space we were hoping to encounter. Front desk staff - not overly helpful, bellmen and the concierge were great and quite friendly.	
May 8 2006 	Good but not Great.	The main reason I would not stay here again is the location. I realize most people here LOVE the fact that it is so close to Times Square (which it is). I however am of the opinion that Times Square is the most unappealing part of Manhattan, a tourist trap and for me not what visiting NYC is all about. The crowds of overweight, white-sneakered mid-westerners are simply too much for me.The hotel itself is fine, yes rooms are small (this is NYC after all), and at USD 309 per night for a weekday I'd probably try something else next time,. But the rooms are fine otherwise, big flatscreen TV, nice design (a tad worn but not too bad). staff has been good and responsive (our sink leaked and was fixed pretty rapidly).As a frequent traveller, I appreciated the duvets (i hate dusty blankets), the gym (small but enough for me and in good shape) and the in-room broadband internet ($10/day).A hopping bar on the ground floor. (unfortunately my caipirinha was BAAAD) and pleasant entrance. If you like your hotels modern AND you want to be near times square then The Time is not a bad choice.	
May 5 2006	The time. 	We stayed in a &quot;Blue&quot; suite for five nights, 2 adults a 15 year old and a 2 year old. Having done no prior research we soon realised this was not the best choice of hotel for a family. The rooms are on the small side for a family and a little on the tired side for a 4* hotel (we were on the eighth floor). However they were exceptionally clean and well equipped. The staff at the hotel are very helpful and understanding. A cot/crib was bought to our room within 5 mins of requesting, along with extra towels and bedding. We had to have our mini bar emptied as our toddler loved &quot;playing&quot; with all the very expensive contents, again our request was dealt with within minutes and a smile!!!The only real problem we had was our air conditioning didnt work, an engineer came to our room, again quickly but coudnt fix it. We were offered a room change but declined (after all we had just unpacked and it wasnt really too warm) and instead we were given breakfast vouchers. My husband and I returned to the hotel at 11pm and ordered a very nice bottle of wine in the bar, We were disapointed to find the bar to be closing after 5mins of arriving. We took our bottle up to our room, which was fine but $100 botttle i did expect a little more customer service! All in all, This is a great trendy boutique hotel ideal for couples. Location Is fantastic, staff are gorgeous in every way!	
May 3 2006 	A really good (not great) hotel	The Time is a very stylish, hip hotel right in Times Square. The hardware, furniture, design, elevator, etc. are all very cool and a lot of thought went into the design of this hotel.The Bad: This hotel looks as if it were a great hotel about 5 years ago and has had only a minimum of maintenance and upgrades since. It looked really good if you squinted your eyes, but upon closer inspection, some ares are worn. You'll notice the wear mostly the walls and bathroom. For example, the shower was very cool looking but it leaked like a sieve all over the floor. The walls showed lumps and bumps, and the touch up painting looked like they hired the blind. It's not a bad hotel, it just needs some serious TLC. The Good: Having said that, I WILL be going back to this hotel the next time I am in NYC (I am there on business a few times a year). The location CAN NOT BE BEAT! You are litterally 1/2 block from Times Square, yet this hotel is quiet and cozy. The staff was great and very helpful, although I must admit I had very little interaction with them. You are a short walking distance from nearly all Broadway shows, shopping, sight seeing, etc.	
Apr 24 2006	Liked the time	We liked the Time hotel...Nice room (yellow). Only problem was that we had to wait for some time in the afternoon for our room to become available. We were told the girl on the desk left and forgot to tell anyone we were waiting. It happens!	
Apr 24 2006 	Time has stopped?	Have to admit I've been a Time fan over the years, but the last visit made me wonder what's up. They couldn't give me the room type I had reserved and confirmed. Then, the room itself was ragged. The phones didn't work (they were fixed after a visit to the front desk); the in-room safe was locked shut and unworkable; various light-bulbs hadn't been replaced; and so on. At a hotel like the Time, where they don't have much to offer in terms of room size or amenities, they need to be perfect on everything else. Even the attentiveness that's normally so good just wasn't there. I tried to retreive a fax from the concierge and got a huffy response from a surly &quot;tech support&quot; guy that he &quot;didn't have a clue how to help me&quot; and that I should return to the front desk (which had just sent me over). So, bottom line, management needs to spend some time in the trenches here and perform a mid-course correction.	
Apr 22 2006	Decent hotel. Employees need to be taught customer satisfaction.	Rooms are incredibly cramped... but that's to be expected when staying in Time's Square NY. What's not to be expected is the dirtiness of the rooms with horribly stained carpets, stained sheets, hair all over the bathroom and room, a cracked sink, low class clientel, horrible service response time (it took 3 hours for an &quot;engineer&quot; to come look at my air conditioner and he couldn't fix it any way). Absolutely horrible Management team. I was able to get the name of the front desk manager Kanvar Singh, who would not come out of his office to speak to me. I wasn't asking for a discount, because it was my poor decision making for picking this hotel, I just wanted to inform him of all my troubles during my stay there at the Time. Kanvar Singh would not come out to speak with me, instead one of the front desk girls had to keep running back and forth between me and Kanvar's desk. After going into the back 4 times she took some mini bar charges off of my bill which I did not even ask for, there wasn't any problems with the minibar and I didn't see why she did that. Basically my main gripe is with the front desk manager Kanvar who seems to be too important to speak to guests. If I could have gotten to voice my opinion to him and gotten a simple apology I think that I would have left that hotel with a much better taste in my mouth. If this hotel reads these reviews this next comment is for you, There are plenty of people in this world who are willing to work hard for the money you pay them, don't ever settle on some one who can't even listen to a complaint when asked to.	
Apr 22 2006	Great Great Great	We stayed over our easter break, group of london girls in the big apple. the location of the hotel was great, coz we walked to the center of manhatten within minutes, there were loads of breakfast places to eat out near by, so it was good, the staff at the hotel were very friendly and very helpfull. the rooms were decently sized, even though with girls there is never enuogh room for all your stuff.the space for hanging up your clotehes was decently sized as well, the beds were very omfortable. as i went with girlies who work in the travel industry we had discounted prices, but im sure that the real prices are not that high, so inm all good value for money. the showers were nice and big so you didnt feel closterfobic when showering like i have experienced in some hotelsOveral good hotel, nice staff, great location.	
Apr 19 2006	Liked the Time Hotel	This hotel has a fantastic location for tourists - just off of Broadway. The room was very small (I was aware of this when we made the reservation) but the room and bathroom were very clean and new. I believe that they just finished a renovation project. Also, they have a very hip bar and their employees were all very friendly and helpful. Overall, we were pretty happy with the hotel. However, I feel that they misadvertised the size of the bed in our room. My wife and I had a Superior Queen room and the bed was definitely not a queen-sized bed. We have a queen-sized bed at home and we could definitely tell the difference. However, when we called the front desk, they told us that we had a queen sized bed and that all Superior Queen rooms have a queen-sized bed. Despite this one concern, I would stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 5 2006	gone down hill	Run down since opening ..had to move rooms even though i booked superior level, room was tiny and worn. moved to larger room which was not much better	
Apr 2 2006	Great Hotel Find	We just got back from a 3 day stay at The Time Hotel. We had read the reviews before we left and although some were good the negative reviews left us unsure if we were going to like the hotel. From the moment we arrived everything was perfect. The doorman and bellman were so informative and friendly. The Front Desk was efficient and knowledgable about the hotel. We had a red room and it was delightful. For those of you who wrote bad reviews you should know that the hotel has been RENOVATED and our room was in perfect condition. The girl at the front desk told us they started a renovation in January 06 and the 9th floor and up are done and the lower floors are being done now. The room had a plasma TV, minibar, high speed internet and the condition of the room was brand new. We especially liked Jared the concierge he gave us some great restaurants to try and told us to walk around the East village and Soho. Also the bar was fun at the hotel. We will definetly be back to The Time and we will recommend it to our friends.	
Mar 29 2006 	Bush-league customer service	Read the following letter sent to the Time's General Manager Debbie Lewis on 3/6/06 (to which I have yet to receive any sort of response) and judge for yourself if you'd like to stay there...Dear Ms. Lewis -- As a repeat customer of the Time hotel, I was very surprised this week to receive treatment radically different from what I have grown accustomed to at the hands of your staff.When I arrived at 10:45pm on Tuesday, February 28th (after depositing my luggage at 2pm that day – the room was not ready yet), I was given room 610, whose HVAC unit only produced heat. An engineer was called to the room, and after 10 minutes of adjustments, he said he would be back in 15 minutes to check to see if it was OK. Due to the late hour, I asked to change rooms. The desk associate moved me to the 8th floor, in a room with the exact same problem. I was then asked to look at another room on the 8th floor, which was clearly a smoking room. Finally, at about 11:30, I was placed in room 1615, a notable downgrade.The next morning, I packed up my things and left for the day, telling the morning desk associate that I was expecting to be placed in a deluxe room (my original room grade) with a working HVAC unit. When I arrived at the hotel at 8:30pm, I was shocked to be handed a key to room 610 once again. After I explained that this was the original problematic room, the desk associate informed me that the “hotel was overbooked,” and the only rooms left at that point were smoking rooms. After I asserted that they had had all day to fix this, the manager on duty came out, and without ever addressing me, begrudgingly told the desk associate to put me in room 612, a suite. The final insult came when I went to check out and the bill still reflected the deluxe room rate for Tuesday night – I had to press to get Eddie (manager on duty) to revise it.If the associate on duty the night of 2/28 had placed me in the suite instead of the downgrade after the 3rd room change, I wouldn’t feel like an undervalued customer right now. That’s all it would have taken. I wouldn’t have had to stay in a shoe box with a cracked sink on 2/28 after a long day of meetings (inconvenience #1), pack up again the next morning (inconvenience #2), argue again at the front desk on 3/1 (inconvenience #3), and fight about my bill at departure (inconvenience #4). The additional irony of all of this is that on my last stay in December, I had complimented the manager on duty, since I had noticed a big improvement in service and attitude from both the desk staff and the bell/front door staff (I recall that I even took the time to send in a positive comments card). Now one visit later, the Time is no longer my default business hotel of choice in New York.	
Mar 29 2006	Great Choice!	Location is fantastic, just 2 seconds walk to time square.Room was small but fine for the amount of time we spent in it. Quiet and always cleaned everyday.Staff were pleasant, door men especially nice.I would def recommend this hotel and would stay agin.	
Mar 28 2006	What a top spot	Having lived in New York 2 years ago, my partner and I were keen to get back to catch up with some friends and fit in as much shopping as we could in 3 days. We used to live on 42nd street and so know the area fairly well and have also stayed in numerous hotels on the island. We booked a last minute deal through expedia and were unsure what to expect given it was such a good price. We weren't disappointed! Obviously we knew the location was very convenient but were surprised by the oasis of calm we had checked in to. We had a blue room which was really comfortable and clean but more importantly it was unbelievably quiet! The breakfast was superb as was the bar and the staff were genuinely bothered about how we enjoyed our stay when we checked out. Great little hotel and we're booking a return trip to the same hotel in May - loved the place!!	
Mar 22 2006	In need of renovation	This hotel is threadbare and in need of renovation.It was probably superb a few years ago, but now it looks old and tired and dirty. I am unsure what I was actually tipping the cleaners for!The location is fab but this doesn't make up for poor service (it took 3 days to mend our safe.)This is a very expensive hotel that sells itself on it being funky. Its not. Shop around, your money is best spent elsewhere.	
Mar 10 2006	fantastic find	walked into this hotel off the street to check on availability after spending a horrendous night in a ?hotel in the upper west.We booked into a deluxe room for three nights. It was like heaven! Two double beds, plenty room, spotlessly clean and friendly staff.Everything is on your doorstep with a theatre, showing Chicago at the time,(which was great by the way)just across the road. Fantastic restaurants within two minutes walk. And right in the middle of time square. Great location for all tourist sites and more.Also would recommend the Gray Line bus tours!	
Mar 8 2006	Looking Foward to going Back!Roll out of bed and your in Times Square....	At first I wasnt sure about going to the Time because it wasnt that known.Checked lots of reviews about this hotel and compared it to others and so glad I picked the Time! When my daughter and I first arrived we had to wait for a room.During this time the staff had changed shifts,sooo the wait ended up a bit long because they forgot about us and so I had to remind them about checking in.Yes the desk staff could have been a tad more friendlier but hey were in New York!Thought this could be a bad way to start off the trip but while we were waiting a young recording artist came to the desk and was checking in.Of course my daughter knew right away who he was and got to talk with him and get a picture and a CD!Needless to say it made her whole week!So this made up for the wait. Was very impressed with the rooms.We had a superior queen and it was large enough for the both of us.We had visitors later in ther week who said they liked it better than the hotel we stayed at last year (East Side Marriott).Small closet but we lived out of the suitcase and had no problem with that.Anyway who spends alot of time in the hotel room? The bathroom is small but with enough space to do what you need to do.The bath products are fantastic and you can buy larger products to take home.(They also sell the same products at Bloomingdales!)I do advise to take a sponge or puff to wash with because they give you a body wash and would be eaiser to wash if you had the sponge or puff.Towels were very good. The best part of this hotel is how close it is to Times Square.You can just about roll out of bed and walk out the door and your steps away from Times Square and the theatres.When we stayed at the other hotel it was such along walk to Times Square we kept taking taxi's and went back early,but being so close you can stay out late.Also if you need a taxi, they go right by the hotel so getting one is a snap or shall I save a wave! Since my daughter was under 21 then we didnt get to go to the bar nor did we have time to eat at the hotel but this time around we will.Heard that the bar is really great on the weekends.The manager at the restuarant was very nice to us even though we did't get to try the food.Also the door man was very helpful in getting us taxi's and answering our questions. There is a small fridge in the room but dont remove item to look at because you will be charged.(like other mini bars around)There is a small space that you can put water or drinks of your own.If you need ice, you have to call the front desk and it will be brought right up to you! I liked the color of the room (we had red).Liked the littel added extra too(free postcard,jelly beans,red scent perfume etc).I also really like how quiet this hotel was.Would we go back?...as I write I am also making plans to go back in April '06 to this hotel!See you there!	
Mar 5 2006	Great Location / Great Service	My boyfriend and I stayed at The Time Hotel for 9 nights during February 2006. The location is awesome and the service was great. The rooms are a bit small but overall were pretty modern, comfortable and clean. The concept of rooms decorated in either red, yellow or blue colour schemes works well. However, it may be time to revamp the linen. Polyester bedspreads are a no no - YUK. The hotel needs to invest in some quality cotton and luxurious comforters and goose/duck down pillows as the existing pillow were pretty uncomfortable. Overall, we were happy with the quality of The Time Hotel and would stay there again on the above proviso i.e. a crucial linen and pillow update.	
Mar 1 2006 	Nice Idea..shame about the service	I was very disappointed with the attitude of staff. I expected my luggage to come up to my room quickly. Wanted to take it up myself. Ended up in someone else's room and had to be found. Made three calls to reception to sort it out. No apology. Think the owners need to educate staff on what hospitality actually means. Cool and chic staff don't just cut it when service is what guests want!	
Mar 1 2006	Don't Love It Didn't Hate It.	My husband and I stayed at the Time for three nights in December last year(12/22-12/25). While here, we felt like we were staying in the heart of the city, and were pleasantly suprised that the TKTS booth, most broadway theatres &amp; almost everything we wanted to check out were all within walking distance from its' location. The staff were relatively friendly too, and we checked in and out without a hitch.However, everything else about the Time, like some other reviewers here have suggested, left me a little cold. The room itself was m-i-n-i-s-c-u-l-e (which would be fine, because this is, afterall, NYC) but the furniture felt musty, the carpets were raggedy, the washbasin in the toilet had giant cracks running through it and the concept of matching your mood to your room seemed a little tired. But we stayed here because we found a room sale on Expedia that offered us a rate that was more than half off on the regular price of about $350. And considering the great (i mean GREAT) location and the busy time of year we were travelling during, I don't feel like I can complain too much. Overall The Time seems a decent enough place if you don't have to pay more than $150 a night to sleep here, and more importantly if you plan to spend most of your time in NY exploring the city itself.	
Feb 21 2006 	Select a different hotel until the Time is renovated	I decided to try the Time hotel when i stayed in NYC in October 2005 for business. The location is certainly optimal, and the hotel has potential, but I was very disappointed by the state of disrepair... We were given an incorrect room on our first night's stay. As a compromise, i was upgraded to a suite for the second evening. The sheets in the room were obviously dirty, and when i requested new sheets, they were brought up to me, but the staff did not offer to put them on the bed. I changed them myself.the furnishings and carpets are threadbare, sometimes ripped and chipped and quite obviously cheap and old.The service was friendly, but i would not go back. Your money could be better spent elsewhere.	
Jan 26 2006	A great find in a hectic area	I just returned from a two-night stay at The Time--a terrific little botique hotel on 49th St. between 7th and Broadway. I was a bit skeptical at the Hotwire.com rate of $163 a night, but after staying, I can say without a doubt that I've just found my new favorite hotel in New York.This is not a five-star property, mind you, so you need to accept the fact that the corners of the wood furniture may be a little worn, and the bathtub tile could use a vigorous scrubbing; but the price and amenities more than made up for that.I entered my red-accented room (small, as to be expected in New York) to discover a customized &quot;red&quot; fragrance, a little box of red jellybeans, and Wolfgang Puck coffee. The furnishings had a great Scandinavian flair. In the stylish black and white bathrooom, I found a soft, stretchy bathrobe, high-end toiletries, a blow-dryer, and a selection of four great magazines including the current Time Out New York. The desk had good task lighting, high-speed Internet access, and was decorated with the hotel's whimsical square-donut shaped postcards which hung from hooks, ready for use. The bed was surprisingly comfortable, and there was a wide range of cable channels available, as well as a Bose wave radio.The front desk and bell staff were first-rate, and being just half a block away from Broadway cuts down incredibly on the noise and traffic.And how's this for serendipity? Before I made my reservation, I was holding a ticket for Sweeny Toddd (a must-see for fans of dark humor and musicals), and the hotel turned out to be right next door to the Eugene O'Neill theater. It was easy walking to the subway for jaunts uptown to shop 5th Ave. and to Lincoln Center, and downtown to stroll around the West Village.If you like boutique hotels and enjoy something a bit saner than the Marriott Marquis, this is your place!	
Jan 14 2006	Great Central Location	The Time HotelNew YorkWe have just returned from a 5 day break to New York staying in the Time Hotel located just 200 yards from Time Square. This was exactly what we were looking for. 2 Adults and 2 children staying in a Deluxe Double Room. The hotel which is a Boutique Hotel was clean and modern and for us provided the right amount of service. If you are looking for full on hotel service around the clock this is not for you. For us the concierge and cleaning services were all we were looking for. The rest of the time left alone to come and go as we pleased. Lets be honest you are at the heart of the action and everything is within walking distance - Central Park, Empire State, Time Square, Broadway, Boat Trips, Great Restaurants, Fifth Ave and most of your time should be spent outside. We love walking and exploring and with 2 young kids (10 &amp; 6) I was surprised how easy and safe New York was.	
Jan 12 2006	Amiable but run-down	We stayed at The Time for three nights at the beginning of January. The location is great, the beds were comfortable, and the room was reasonably clean when we checked in and very quiet at night. However, the service was amiable but off-hand (the staff were mostly friendly, but we were overcharged by room service and there did not seem to be a way to fix it, and the daily cleaning was perfunctory at best), and the room and furniture were quite worn out. It seemed like there had been a cute and chic decorating scheme originally, but as everything is scuffed and torn the room was a little sad-looking. The bedside lamps would not stay up (they were worn out goosenecks), and there were a few bugs in the bathroom at night. It seemed like a lot of money for the shabbiness. I wouldn't stay there again unless they renovated the rooms or dropped the prices.	
Dec 27 2005	Had a fantastic time at The Time.	We stayed at The Time at the end of November and had a fantastic stay. We had a yellow king de-luxe on the 11th floor. I had done a lot of research on New York hotel rooms and I was pleased with our room. How people can fault the cleanliness is beyond me. Our room was spotless, the decor I must admit could do with sprucing up. The bed was by far the comfiest hotel bed I have ever slept in.The shower was superb hot clean and larger than I expected. The room I thought was a decent size.The staff were very friendly and helpful.The location was fantastic, straight into Times square what more can you want.We always stay in 4* Hotels where ever we travel and I think for a city hotel The Time is excellent.We have stayed in some pretty grotty 4* hotels in London and Paris, because it's a city they seem to think that they can get away with lower standards.I saw several hotels I had looked at booking and I was pleased with the choice I had made.My criteria was a clean bed, clean shower and bathroom and a good location. The Time met all these and I would definitely book again.	
Dec 18 2005	The Time has gone...	The Time is definitely not what it used to be when I last stayed there a few years ago. The property needs to be renovated and what happened to the cool bar?The staff was nice, but lacked the image that you might see at a trendy hotel. However, if your stay is short, than you can't beat the location even with its faults.	
Dec 15 2005	Could be a lot better	The Time has a fantastic location, great bar (if very expensive) and the staff are very accommodating. The beds are also very comfy. However The Time doesn't merit a four star rating. I would put it between two and three stars. The rooms are shabby and could do with a good overhaul (the lights over the bed were actually held together with masking tape!); the wardrobe door was actually a curtain; the blinds were torn and the cleaners didn't really know the meaning of the word clean. The rooms are also incredibly small. If you complain they will upgrade you to a bigger room but although bigger it may be, better it ain't! About five years ago I reckon this hotel was really special but no investment has been made recently. We paid a lot of money for a substandard hotel so shop around	
Dec 1 2005	Fantastic location very trendy hotel.	We stayed at The Time last week for 4 nights and had a great time in New York. The hotel is just off Times Square we could not of had a better location.We had a red room on the 12th floor which was comfy, warm, and clean with a view over the theatre showing Chicago! The staff were really friendly and helpful and we would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 21 2005	Good room for NY	I stayed in NY for 3 nights and this hotel was worth the price. Ok, the rooms are not very big, but it's NY. I have stayed in a more expensive hotel in NY where the rooms are even smaller. The location is excellent, the staff are very nice and helpful and the rooms are clean. Since I'm not in NY to stay in an hotel room, this was great.	
Nov 12 2005 	Ok - Nothing to write home about	This hotel gets the job done, but is definitely nothing to write home about. I stayed in the hotel one night for business. It is located steps from Times Square and the Broadway Theaters for travelers who are in town for leisure. The room was decent and the staff was helpful. However, the room service menu leaves a little to be desired and the gym is definitely lacking. Overall, it's not bad...but I'm not sure it deserves the 4 star rating it is receiving here.	
Nov 11 2005	My favorite NY hotel	I stayed at The Time for the New York Marathon. This was my 3rd time at The Time. Each time I found the staff to be courteous and friendly. In fact, the receptionist at the front desk remembered me from my last stay in August. This time, I had a blue room on the 15th floor. As most reviews state, the rooms are small, but since I was alone, it wasn't an issue. The room was very clean and quiet. I would recommend staying on a high floor for 2 reasons: the street noise (this is near Times Square), and people have complained about the noise above the lounge. The bed is the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. The hotel is conveniently located near several subway lines, the R, C &amp; D just to name a few. Rockefeller Center is about 2 or 3 blocks away, as well as Radio City. I've enjoyed myself each of the 3 times I've stayed there and never had a single complaint. I'll contine to stay at The Time each time I come to New York. This is my favorite New York hotel.	
Nov 6 2005 	Horrible Noise at Time	Trendy hotel, too bad i could not sleep in the bar! The room on the 3rd floor was small (which was fine) but beside an airconditionor on the roof which was so loud. Phoned to move room they said i could not. The light switch going into room was broken and walls had what looked like skid marks or crayon on them.Very disapointing and the fact that the front desk was so unaccomodating means never ever stay there again.	
Oct 12 2005 	loud generating room	the room was awful~ it was tiny, dusty, cold. the amenities and location of the hotel may be its redeeming quality. and there's no way for you to turn off the a/c or air vent so throughout the night, the thing would be humming its merry way. if you don't mind walking around NYC, i'd say pick a better hotel unless you can shell out a hundred more to upgrade to a larger room.	
Oct 6 2005	Clean but tiny	We styed at the Time Hotel for 3 nights at the end of September. The location is wonderful, the rooms clean and the staff very pleasant. However, our &quot;superior queen&quot; room was absolutely tiny. Not &quot;small&quot;- TINY! The bed was not queen size,either; maybe just a bit larger than a standard double bedOn the positive side, it was very quiet-probably because our room was located in an air shaft! The airconditioning worked great so we were satisfied.We would only stay there again if we got a really good deal on the rate. We paid $209 and, frankly, it was not worth it.	
Oct 5 2005	definitely recommend	We stayed at The Time for an extended holiday - 9 nights - and have little negative to say. We were really pleased with the size of our room but the air conditioning was not working. Unfortunately, it was a couple of days until we could change rooms but the staff were kind and apologetic and upgraded us to a suite for the rest of our stay. I would say that the rooms all need a freshen up as they are looking tired and worn, but that is my only quibble. All amenities were good and the cleanliness great. The downstairs bar was always quiet surprisingly. Oh and watch your bill, we were nearly charged for movies we never watched. Worringly they didn't quibble it and took them off which makes me think it is a regular occurence! Overall great value and fantastic location in the heart of the city, I loved my time there.	
Oct 4 2005 	Great Times Square base for travelling biz execs and families	What a lovely surprise, we could not have wished for nicer. The bellboys were wonderful, all the staff were very helpful. The housekeeping staff were very friendly and attentive, very nice room and bathroom, spotlessly cleanand we always received a greeting when we met them in the corridors.The rooms are spacious by New York standards. The reception staff were formal and carried out their job professionally. Perhaps there isn't such a thing as perfect, but if you're looking for what is a very solid hotel for your business travels with the best location you could possibly hope for in Times Square, you'll find this and more at the The Time Hotel. It is right in the hub of things, a step away from Times Square; an excellent location if you want to be where all the action is. We had a lovely few days in The Time and would recommend it!!! New York was pretty fab too!!!!I'm highly recommending this hotel for NY stay, and yes, I would definitely come back for another stay.	
Sep 10 2005	Room- Disappointing Location- Unbeatable!	We booked a two night stay at this hotel through hotels, and received a pretty good deal. on arriving at the hotel, i was first struck by the location - straight off Time Square, directly opposite the theatre showing Chicago, it was truly an awesome spot. The reception of the hotel, very modern and clean, was impressive, as was the service of the concierge. however, on entering our &quot;superior room&quot; i was most disappointed with several aspects of the accommodation, namely the size of the room. the room was very much on the small side and displayed no &quot;superior&quot; aspects to speak of. the view from the window was also unsightly, all i can say is thank goodness for the curtains, as i had no desire to look out upon a concrete pit and smoking pipes! on the whole, the room was adequate, but no way merits the title of &quot;superior,&quot; and to be honest, im sure there is better accommodation available in NYC for better value than what we payed for at the Time. however, the location of the hotel cannot be faulted, and if you're looking for an adequate hotel right in the action, i would recommend this hotel if you can find a decent deal!	
Sep 1 2005	so This is a Superior room?????	We stayed at the Time Hotel in NYC from 8/13/05 through 8/16/05. I booked a &quot;superior&quot; room with either a queen or king sized bed through ORBITZ. The room had the smallest QUEEN sized bed I have ever slept in. At my house that size is called &quot;FULL&quot; size. The room was very dark and small and looked out onto a lovely hole filled with big huge pipes surrounded by the rest of the hotel rooms. Lovely view!! And this room was termed a SUPERIOR room!!!! The one good thing was the location was very good, although there was a hotel right next door which was much cheaper. I am unhappy with both the TIME Hotel as well as Orbitz for not living up to the advertisement.	
Aug 29 2005	Fair Not Great	I stayed at the Time Hotel this weekend and found the property to be fair, but not great. The hotel seemed rather worn and I often saw large black garbage bags filled with trash from guest rooms sitting in the hallways. My room also was leaking in the bathroom via the light fixture due to a leak in the room above! When I contacted hotel management I was told &quot;don't worry, we know&quot; - what about the leak in my room?!? The staff were courteous, but did not seem to go out of their way, and the rooms were very, very small. I bumped into something just about every time I walked through the room. Bottom line, if you get a GREAT deal, you should consider the hotel. If not, keep shopping.	
Aug 24 2005	Perfectly fine. Not spectacular.	My wife and I stayed at The Time for five nights on a visit to see family. As an ex-New Yorker I knew of the bar on The Time's second floor which was, in its day, quite popular and hip. From the doorway to the reception area, the place exudes the ethos of a cool boutique hotel reminiscent of the &quot;W&quot; chain found throughout large North American cities. Unfortunately, while they try carry this hip ambience into the guestrooms, they don't quite succeed. The guest rooms are about average size for Manhattan, which is to say small - though not oppressively so. The furnishings are generally unimpressive and look a little worse for wear. The bathroom, in particular, far from being a spa-like setting, is simply a typical three-star Holiday Inn or Hyatt bathroom with a more modern faucet. This is not to say the place is a dump. It isn't. In fact, the room itself was perfectly clean and the bed and linens tremendously comfortable. However, if you're expecting a luxurious day-spa type setting, you won't find it here. This is a plain hotel with panache that ends at the reception desk. On the other hand, if you're looking for a relatively inexpensive place that offers clean, comfortable rooms, this is an excellent choice. The rooms are also quiet. If one turns on the fan or A/C, there is virtually no street noice whatsoever.On a final note, I found the service to be excellent. The staff was, at all times, helpful, kind, and professional. No &quot;attitude&quot; whatsoever. Bottom line: perfectly fine hotel, but not the hip urban oasis it wants to be.	
Aug 22 2005	Great Location	This hotel is located right in the theater district and around the corner from Times Square, so its location is excellent. We got a good rate on the internet and decided to spend the weekend going to museums with our toddler son. We were warmly greeted by the doorman and the reception desk. We didn't see anyone under the age of 18 at the hotel - without a doubt this hotel is geared more toward singles and young couples. However, the service was very good and they certainly were &quot;toddler tolerant&quot; so I give them kudos for this. We were upgraded to a queen suite with a pull-out bed, which was really great since we had planned on staying in a small queen room with my son's sleeping bag on the floor. We were on the 10th floor. The bellman did take over ten minutes to get our bags to our room, but it was a Saturday afternoon and he seemed to be the only one there. He made a point of telling us that the minibar was electronic and we would be charged if anything was removed or even moved, so we needed to be careful of this. We didn't use it so it wasn't a problem. There is internet access for a fee and also there was fax in our room. The bathroom was adequate - the tub was a jacuzzi tub but we didn't use it. The room itself was showing some signs of wear and tear, particularly the paint and the rugs were in need of a cleaning. This and the mattress was a little bit softer than I would have liked but these things are not show-stoppers for us. We didn't hear any noise from the rooms around us or the hall. We had the breakfast buffet in the lounge in the morning and the food was good. Coffemaker in the room too - a must! We would stay here again.	
Aug 16 2005	Great Boutique Hotel	The Time Hotel is boutique through and through. From the moment you enter the premise, the hotel's sleek, trendy style comes through. The location is perfectly located near Time Square and Central Park. Walking distance to everything. Lots of easy access to subways. The rooms were small (even for two), but nicely done. Clean with lots of detailed, upscale amenities; Molton Brown sundries, Jelly Belly's, matching eau d' jour, plush robes, in room coffee. The staff is helpful. Room service was great and reasonably priced -- especially for NYC prices. It was a pleasure to stay at The Time Hotel.	
Aug 16 2005	Could not be any closer to the Action	Stayed at the Time 18th - 26th June 05, room very small, clean, very limited wardrobe, drawer space, no safe in room, quickly rectified. Book above 3rd floor if you want a peaceful nights sleep, bar on 2nd floor very noisy. Arrived late Saturday night, bar in full swing, checked in on 2nd floor, very very dim reception area. Needed to consult with Conceirge one morning advised by reception staff, didn't start till 9.00, this was at 8.00, waited until 9.10 a.m. then advised didn't start till 10.00, finally spoke to conceirge about free use of mobile phone as advertised in room brochure. He had no knowledge of free use of mobile phone, checked with Manager, he had no idea either, told would get back to us, never did? Mini-bar in room electronic charges to your account if item removed, never went near mini-bar. Upon checkout $19 on our account for mini-bar purchases taken day prior, we had left hotel at 8.00 returning at 4.00 a.m. not in room to use minibar? Problem resolved, at same time lady beside me checking out also had $24 of minibar purchases she had not made? Apart from these minor glitches hotel very well located, door staff friendly, bathroom toiletries excellent quality, nice fluffy towels, great air conditioner. Would stay at the time again.	
Aug 8 2005	What a Find....	We stayed at The Time Hotel in June for a theatre weekend, this is one of the best hotels I have stayed at in years. From the door staff to the concierge (Anthony very helpful). We arrived on a friday evening and were a bit beat from the long week. The desk clerk noticed how tired we were and suggested a yellow room to perk us up. Its so true that color does effect your mood. The bed was so comfortable and you could not hear a sound. This room had everything and anything I could want, and wa suprised to find a bose wave radio (nice touch). The room was a good size compared to other hotels I have stayed at in New York and well appointed. I travel to NYC on business about 25 times a year and this is the perfect location to get anywhere in town. I'll be back....	
Jul 28 2005	Great location hotel more fond of itself than it deserved!	First of all, the location was wonderful, can't complain a bit about that. We arrived in early at around noon and were told we'd be able to get into a room by 1:30-2:00. We came back at 2:30 with still no room available. At this point, they asked if we'd be willing to be in a smoking room while admitting that if you're a nonsmoker, these rooms have a pretty strong smoke scent. We agreed to take a room on a lower floor that what we originally booked just so we could get into a room. The front desk girl acted like we were really asking alot to get into a room. I'm not sensitive at all to attitude, but this girl had a really apparent one. She knew that we were rushing to get into the room as we had to get over to Letterman by 3:00. We waited for 20 minutes before our bags got upstairs and had to make two phone calls before we got them. Once insdie the room I was not impressed. The hotel definitely tries to be hip as we had a blue room with several other blue references. Unfortunately, they forgot the simple things like cleaning/replacing the bedspread (significant white stains on the bedspread and area headstand and holes in the bedspread), fix up the bathroom (huge crack on the side of the sink going all the way down to the floor).We stayed one night and couldn't get out of there fast enough to move to a nicer hotel!!! The cheap price definitely corresponded to the quality of the hotel. The only redeeming value was the location.	
Jul 25 2005	Terrific Stay!	While on vacation, we were looking for a nice, fun hotel for a good price in a great location, and The Time was everything we wanted. Our blue room had a lovely view, and was very comfortable. We loved the fun decor and had no complaints about the furnishings. Staff was friendly and courteous. Location can't be beat, with Times Square half a block away, and Rockefeller Center only a block further. Overall, this charming hotel was very memorable--highly recommended!	
Jul 25 2005	I Loved the stay at The Time Hotel	Our stay at The Time Hotel was magnificent. Located just a few blocks from Times Square it was so easy for us to get around. We walked to Times Square from the hotel and it was marvelous. The staff was so professional and provided exceptional customer services. They didn’t hesitate to go the extra mile. We also loved the design of the hotel. It was great. This is this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in on holidayShould we decide to visit New York again, we will definitely return to The Time Hotel.	
Jul 10 2005	Helpful staff pleasant atmosphere	My husband and I just spent the night at the Time and had a very good stay. We took the suggestion of other reviewers and stayed above the 4th floor to avoid the noise of the 2nd floor lounge, our room on the 6th floor was very quiet and peaceful. The rooms are small but stylish, and well stocked with amenities. Molton Brown toiletries are a nice touch. The concierge, Tony Dolce, went out of his way to help us find a little known restaurant in the Village that had been suggested by a friend. Overall the staff was very friendly and helpful.	
Jun 28 2005	Nice!	Stayed in the Time for five nights and six days. We stayed in a room with two doubles, I thought the size was good enough. My sister and I loved the yellow theme of the room and off course the molten brown toiletries! Definately a plus! The housekeeping was excellent, the rooms were kept really clean. The downside of this hotel, the staff was young and inexperienced. The conceirge was never there. My sister and I couldn't get any information about new york from the front desk, we instead went a couple blocks down to the time square information center (great place for tourists!). Our safe was low on batteries, we had to wait for 30 minutes till a guy came up and changed the batteries. The fax machine was out of ink and the temperature wouldn't change, it was stuck on 70 degrees throughout our stay. One out of the two phones was not working. And on the last day we received out bill and was charged for 9 drinks that we never had. We looked inside the fridge and 4 of our drinks were missing....(pretty sketchy!) After reading all the reviews before staying at the Time I was afraid of the noise down in the lounge in the wee hours. However, our room was very quiet. However the hotel lounge is known to be a hip place and on fridays a radio show throws a party in the lounge. I would say all in all the experience was great! I thought location was key, we were in the middle of time square and the theatre district! I would recommend this hotel to others....but my advice is check in very early so if there is a problem you can switch rooms:) have fun!	
Jun 25 2005	The Decline of a Stylish Hotel	What a difference between our stay at The Time in New York two years ago and our stay last week.In 2003, this was a stylish concept hotel. There was a high-energy vibe going with the sleek interiors, the time-oriented decor, and the fun color-centered rooms. The funky and highly functional rooms made one overlook how small they are. We had a great time there.Now The Time is grubby and worn. The fun decor remains, but looks neglected. Our room reeked of mustiness and mildew and we found part of our carpet was soaked from an air conditioner leak. The hotel was sold out so we couldn't change rooms until the next day. Our next room was dry, but the phone didn't work and the shower had barely enough pressure to run. We felt the less time spent in the room, the better. On the good side, the location is great, the staff is helpful, and the rooms offer very useful amenities.	
Jun 14 2005	Not Up to Par!!! Overrated	Given the reviews that this hotel receives in the guide books, I was most disappointed. It is highly overrated. First, the hotel is worn, and the lobby seating and the rooms are shabby. It should not have been allowed to get this way. (You could at least replace the two worn chairs in the reception area--which leave a lasting bad impression.)We had problems with the AC (room was 79 degrees) and it took 48 hours to get an engineer to come, although we were told twice that he was on his way. Once he arrived, the engineer said the AC was working fine and there was nothing he could do (even though it was 78-79 degrees in the room); the manager on duty came up (Maggie) and measured the air tempurature (which rose higher while she was there for 15 minutes) and I'm still not sure what this accomplished. The overall attitude of the staff ranged from neutral to negative, and I was basically told that since I was offered a complimentary breakfast and finally moved to another room the following day (on my last day there) that the problem had been suffiently addressed. Not so. Havier and Maggie have not learned the skill of good customer service, and front office manager Havier especially had an attitude about my concerns. A little humility and an apology would have gone a long way. But, I did not get one from him. Nikko at reception is great, as is the concierge guy (don't know his name). The rest of the reception staff were not friendly, appeared tired, and seemed like they were only there to collect a paycheck.This hotel is extremely overrated, and my experience was not positive.	
Jun 6 2005 	Not what it use to be...	I stayed here a few years ago and loved it. However, it seems to be runned down a bit now. The lobby and the rooms need to renovate...the lounge has lost it following...and staff have lost their youthful appearance.No wonder way my rate was low!	
Jun 3 2005	A disappointing Time	We were first timers to NYC so I'm not sure what is the norm for room size but in saying that although the rooms were quite stylish I did find them rather on the smallish size. The elevators are definitely quite small but this did not cause us any issues. When we checked in at 10pm it was nearly impossible to even hear what the receptionist was saying as the booming music from the bar area was so loud. I imagine those staying on the lower floors would struggle getting to sleep with the noise. The carpet in the bar was heavily stained and looked filthy. We requested a non-smoking room but our room absolutely stank of smoke. A great location and pricing is ok but a bit disappointed overall.	
May 29 2005	Marvelous hotel; great location/value/features	I spent two nights at The Time with a friend on a pleasure trip. We were a little apprehensive, having read some pretty negative reviews, but those fears vanished as soon as we arrived. We were greeted cheerfully upon our arrival, and since our room was not yet ready for us (we arrived at noon and checkin is 3pm), they stored our bags for us so we could start our wanderings. When we returned to the hotel at 5 to check in, our bags were taken up to our room, where the bellhop explained everything about the room: the fax machine, the mini-bar (which is electronically controlled... if you open it, the front desk knows about it... we decided not to even peek!), the temperature controls, the lights, everything.The room was great. We had a Blue Room with two double beds. Yes, a little snug, but certainly not cramped. There was plenty of room to set up the ironing board. There were two hanging rods and three shelves for folded-clothing storage (which, upon arrival, actually held the bed pillows). There was the standard TV with a pretty good selection of channels. We didn't try the wireless, which was $9.95 per 24 hours (billed noon to noon).We had drinks at the bar that night, which was loud but not too raucous. The bartender was great; when I was dismayed that my favorite drink was not on the menu, he asked what the ingredients were and made it for me. Very comfy seating in the bar, too... cushy armchairs and couches. There's an area in back that's a bit more funky, with color-changing lights in the ceiling; that seemed to be where the real partying was going on.The room was very quiet; we never heard anything from other rooms aside from hearing doors closing every now and then. There was a New York Times at our door each morning. The bathroom had two very fluffy bathrobes which were generously sized. The only problem with the bathroom was that the shower curtain was about two inches too short, and that would cause puddles on the main bathroom floor. Also, the tiles in the shower are on the slippery side; you can request a non-slip shower mat from the front desk. I'd recommend it.Other amenities: shampoo, conditioner, lotion, body wash, sewing kit, Q-tips and cotton makeup pads; shoe shine cloth; hair dryer. In the room: coffee maker with two mugs and coffee kit; a little box with jelly beans (blue, to match the room), and a small vial of &quot;Eau de Blue&quot; perfume (which was quite nice).All in all, I would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
May 25 2005	Very Comfortable Nice Decor	This was a very nice hotel. Having never been to NY before, we weren't sure what to expect. This hotel is in a great location, close to theatres &amp; Times Square, Central Park, 5th Ave, etc. The decor was very nice. It was great to stay in a place that didn't have a cheesy floral bedspread.	
May 16 2005	DO NOT STAY HERE....	My partner and I and his mother stayed here recently(April 2005).On arrival, the music from the Bar Area was so loud that it was difficult to even hear the receptionist to check in (this was at around 7.00pm)!!We stayed on the 3rd Floor (average room, a little small) while mother was put on the 12th (not really very good, we thought) . Needing sleep after a resonably long flight we headed to our rooms... We were kept awake until around 4.00am when the 'bass' from our 'Hotel Bar' finally stopped.We had ourselves moved to the 7th floor the next day...We also on one evening tried to have a drink in the Hotel Bar( It should be noted that we are not adverse to loud music.. at the right time) . When we arrived (10.30pm ish) the bar was empty. After our first round of drinks, we were told by the waitress that we could no longer sit in our seats in the bar as they had been 'reserved'. There were no signs indicating this/the section of the bar had not been blocked off etc, so we asked why. She had no answer. We ordered another round of the same drinks which suddenly became 10 bucks more expensive for no good reason!!!!!Feeling intimidated, my partner asked at recepection if it was ok for us to be in the bar as we were residents. We were told that it was certainly not a problem and to carry on. Within 10 mins, this same gentleman was asking us to leave our seats!!!!!! Just to make this completely clear, we were not causing any problems to the staff or to anybody else in the bar. We eventually left under a very black cloud.. We would suggest that anybody wanting a Hotel in Times Square use 'Doubletrees' as they know how to look after their guests.......	
Apr 27 2005	Excellent Location	I booked to stay in the Time Hotel with my sister and mum as a christmas present. As this was there first visit to New York, i wanted it to be something special. I can say that i was not disappointed. We checked into the hotel and was met with a very helpful and polite receptionist. We were given a choice of room and were then helped with our bags to our room. Within five mins of being in our room, we recieved a call from reception to ensure that our room was to our satisfaction. It certainly was, however we did have a small problem with the safe. A engineer was with us within ten mins and fixed the problem. The room itself was slightly smaller than i had expected, but it was clean and modern, with some great finishing touches.The staff were both helpful and polite and the information service was excellent. Bar was comfortable and modern and again the staff were really accomodating.The location was second to none, right in the heart of things. Couldnt have asked for better.	
Apr 26 2005	Kicking it at the Time	Arrived at The Time on a Thursday afternoon, which was very sunny. The receptionist greeted me with a beautiful smile and the Hotel was just getting into the swing of a Magazine Party!!I was on the 4th Floor with the gym ( never saw anyone use it but looked well equiped), never heard a thing from the bar 2 floors below.Room was ok as I was travelling alone it was just the right size ( this was a standard) however if I had of been travelling with a partner it may have become a bit cramp. Good room facilities, internet connection was cheap and from time to time there was WIFI available but not all day every day, Fax machine TV with the usual choice of channels, and mini bar, which was ok for prices in this part of town. I had to complain about the cleaning on my second day, but as soon as I had put the phone down, the duty Manager, House Manager and the lady that had apparently cleaned the room were there to have a look, excellent response, just get it right the first time, never had any problems after this. The room service menu was excellent and such a wide choice, again the usual price $20 for a main meal, just remember there is 18% tax and a $5 room service charge so order everything at once if you eat in the room. Chicago is on at the theatre across the road and it was impossible to get tickets, but there was no noise, infact the only noise I did hear was the bloke in the room next to me who was ringing my room bell at 4am, who then realised he had the wrong room! When I finally got out of bed he had passed out in the hall way.However I had a great time there, remember it is only a base and as far as bases go this was in a perfect location on 49th street between 7th and 8th.Go and enjoy	
Apr 26 2005	Excellent location interesting decor	Excellent location within a block of 3 subway stations &amp; close to 5th Avenue shopping. King room was much smaller than I expected, but we were there for only 2 days &amp; didn't spend a lot of time in the room, so it was just fine. Don't know that I would like to stay there for a week in winter. Liked having a bit of empty fridge space in the mini bar for my own bottled water, loved the Molton Brown toiletries &amp; the soft, fluffy towels, the bathrobe was a nice touch. Liked the fax machine &amp; easy internet connection, the free postcards, the jellybellies &amp; the little 'eau de bleu&quot; in our blue room. Also liked the express checkout feature, and the in-room safe. Didn't like the 'closet' which was just a nook with a shower curtain door, and the light that stayed on all night. Would have prefered a drawer or two in the bedside table or the desk. Didn't mind the lack of view -- just stepping out the front door was view enough for me! Staff was very friendly.	
Apr 22 2005	Tiny rooms no views but nice people and good price	Really disappointed in the room size, even for New York. Crowded elevator was tiny too. Staff was friendly and attentive and price was good, even considering the view was into a very dark and small alley.	
Apr 12 2005 	Great location!	For a Manhattan hotel room, The Time was very nice. Somehow we got a tremendous deal and stayed at the Westin for the same convention last year. It was the best hotel I'd ever stayed in, but I had to conserve money this time around and chose The Time for about $500 less. It certainly wasn't the Westin, but for five nights it was good enough for me. First of all, the location was fantastic. Right in the heart of it all and close to all the major subway lines, we couldn't have asked for a better location. The staff was relatively friendly. The doormen were great and the girls behind the front desk were nice enough. Not overwhelmingly cheery, but it is New York so I was fine with that.The decor was nice, very contemporary and just like I'd imagined from the pictures. The bar and restaurant were both very nice. The first night we got there, there was a private party in the bar. We had to take all of our luggage through a bouncer just to get to the elevator. Sort of annoying, but at least it only happened that one time. In reading other reviews I decided to pay a little more and get the king size. I'm glad I did because I can't imagine what the smaller rooms must be like. The room itself was pretty tight (especially the bathroom), but I guess I wasn't expecting a suite-sized room in Manhattan. It was clean and contemporary and that was fine with me. We had a blue room which was nice - I think I would have been annoyed in a red room. We got our blue scent and blue jelly beans, but I had to laugh because after having made such a fuss over them on the hotel web site I expected more than a tiny bottle of mass produced &quot;eau de blue&quot; and 20 jelly beans in a clear plastic box. It was a cute touch, but not exactly the &quot;sensory experience&quot; they promote.The view was not a view at all. Even being almost on the top floor we had a great &quot;view&quot; of the room across the alley and the wall right next to the hotel. We just kept the blinds closed the whole time. No big deal, we weren't there all that much anyway. We did have to call maintenance one time. The toliet didn't work properly. It just kept running and wouldn't flush. It took three calls and an hour and a half to get a man up to our room. In the meantime my roommate had to go down to the lobby to use the bathroom. The only other major issue was also found in the bathroom. The water pressure was practically non-existant. It took twice as long to get through a shower in the mornings. That was the biggest annoyance of the stay.The breakfast buffet was great, but awfully overpriced. Sure, it's all you can eat, but $45 is a bit much for two people for breakfast - even in NYC.All in all the location is what made The Time worth it. It was clean and the staff was friendly but neither blew me away. I would recommend it if you're looking for a nice hotel in a great spot right in the Theatre District.	
Apr 4 2005	Great Location	We stayed at the Time in March, and couldn't fault it.Granted, the room was small, but the bed was comfortable and the bathroom good.The staff were very helpful, and the breakfast in the morning was fantastic - fresh fruit salad, eggs/omelettes/waffles cooked to order.The Molton Brown toiletries provided were lovely. The location for me was the best thing - round the corner from Times Square.	
Apr 2 2005	Will Stay there again	Like others, after reading the reviews I was a little nervous about my stay at the Time. Let me say that it was great. We showed up early and they gladly watched our bags until the room was ready. Thanks to everyone who warned us about the room size, we were ready for that, and we even booked a king for the extra room. The room was clean and very cool. And hears a tip...I found the best price on the Time's own web site. Also, (thanks to the great lady at the Time who answered the phone) you can put the room color you want in the comments section. I asked for a red room on the 5-10th floor (others said the lower rooms were too close to the lounge) and we got a red room on the 7th floor. Now that's service.Perhaps the end of March is an off time, but we NEVER had a problem waiting for an elevator...heck they even have little TV's in the wall near the elevators to help pass the time....so cool. Their concierge was also great. We wanted to go to Korea Town in Flushing to buy a specific Korean dress, but not being from NY, didn't know exactly where it was. The concierge didn't know off hand (who would), but he called back very fast (5-10 min) with an address, and subway directions...and he was exactly right. We couldn't have done it without him. Thank you!And I must add that I can't stand all the reviews that say it isn't worth it for the price. For the location, and trendiness, its one of the cheapest hotels I found on TimeSquare. I paided $209 for a king room. Most other hotels started at $250, and ended way, way up there. On our last day, they even held our bags so we could see some more sites until we left the city late in the day. I can honestly say I'll be staying there again the next time I'm in the Big Apple.	
Mar 31 2005	Skip It	Our reservation was for a king size bed. We were told upon arrival that it was a mistake by the booking company even though our confirmation clearly showed what was reserved. We were given a room about the same size as a walk in closet. We could not get the heat regulated and had to open a window. Trying to get an elevator in the morning was a fifteen to twenty minute wait. It is a very trendy looking hotel but the customer service was terrible. There are much better hotels for the money in New York.	
Mar 31 2005	The Time Hotel	Location, Location, Location!! 49th Street and Broadway, right in the theater district. This hotel has an amazing location and a superb staff. I was very impressed with the rooms, very clean and comfortable beds. I loved the color theme in each room, ours being blue. The concierge gave us great recommendations as to what to do and see. Overall, we had a great time at THE TIME!!.	
Mar 11 2005	Brilliant Time	Having read the reviews on this site (after I had booked to stay at the hotel) I have to say I was more than a little worried about what The Time would be like!I was very pleasantly surprised when we got there. Bearing in mind that all you really need a hotel for when you go on holiday (especially in somewhere like NY) is a place to store your clothes, sleep in and get clean in, I felt The Time was fantastic. I frequently go to London, and won't stay anywhere else but Travel Inn because I have stayed in so many shabby, dirty, overpriced box rooms in the past. The Time was nothing like that. Yes, the rooms are not huge, but based on what you are paying and where you are staying, I thought it was great. We had everything we needed, and the staff were very helpful. We lived out of our suitcases, but we weren't that bothered - we were only there for 4 days, and it saved us from packing again at the end!! The bathroom was great - excellent size, with a nice big shower, and molton brown minis too! The bed was v comfy. Also, although our room was on the second floor (directly above the bar), we were not disturbed by loud music. The only thing I would say is don't bother with the breakfast buffet - it is very overpriced (but I think this is the same in most NY hotels), and not that nice. We tried it once, then happily ate at starbucks en-route every morning!!	
Mar 11 2005 	Nice rooms horrible restaurant	The rooms were relatively nice, and a decent size for a king sized room. The elevators definitely need some fixing, they are small and it is a hassle just to get to the front desk (up to the second story, around the bar). Staff was not very helpful. The worst part of the hotel is the restuarant. Not only is it overpriced for an average breakfast buffet, but the service was horrible. They were slow and not very helpful (not worth leaving a tip). The atmosphere in the restaurant was just uncomfortable. Overall...nice rooms, but not much else nice about this hotel.	
Feb 24 2005	Will not Return to The Time	First and last stay at the trendy Time Hotel on 49th. Only two small elevators for the entire hotel meant having to line-up in the cramped hallway and sometimes wait for the second elevator because the first was full. It's really annoying. The rooms are very small and we couldn't get the temperature regulated resulting in a room so hot we ended up sleeping with the windows open (they only open a small crack) just to get the temp, below 32c. Service in the restuarant for breakfast was non-existent. We had to ask for coffee, then for napkins and then wait a long time for the bill even though there were only three tables occupied. It is definitely not worth what they charge.	
Feb 8 2005	Great hotel.	Just returned from 5 nights at the Time. Booked a double deluxe which was very small and only had a shower and no heating in the bathroom (as this was New Yorks coldest winter for 100 years, it was like showering in the fridge). The room was very clean and the bed very comfortable but as others have said there was very little hanging space and no drawers. We upgraded to a suite the next day (only £40 a night extra) which was massive and very comfy with nice views. The hotel is in an excellent location and all the staff were very nice and helpful. Did n't go into the bar or the restaurant but the room service breakfast was fabulous. I would recommend the hotel even with the size of the rooms. 	
Feb 7 2005	Over-priced cramped but good location	The Time Hotel is indeed a very modern hotel just as shown on the brochures and excellent in location as its just round the corner from Times Square. However, arriving there on a Friday night at midnight US time (5am UK time) we were somewhat confused if we were at the right palce as there was music blaring out just light a night club. There was no reception on the ground floor just Bouncers ushering you to a lift to go to the sencond floor. Whilst we were checking in the music was really thumping! Arriving to our room on the 12th floor, you could not hear any music but on entering our room though it was pleasant in style it was really small, just enough room to walk around the bed. No room to hang your clothes, just a small rail and a curtain to cover it. No place to put your suitcases and no draws. Basically for 6 days we had to live out of our suitcases and move thing in order to move from one side of the room to another. Apart from the hotel, the location was excellent and New York is an excellent city to visit.	
Feb 2 2005	A PERFECT TIME AT THE TIME	We recently stayed at The Time for two nights. The hotel is fantastic, from the minute we arrived to our departure, the staff was very attentive and extremely helpful. Our &quot;Blue&quot; room had a king size bed (very comfortable I must say) and I loved the &quot;blue&quot; scent and jelly beans. What a great idea! The price is quite appropriate for a high end hotel in NYC and the location is superb, just minutes away from Time Square and right in the heart of the Theatre District. What else can u ask for!! Great Price, great service and a perfect location!. We will definately go back to THE TIME.	
Jan 20 2005	Not too bad a time at the Time	Disappointed at the size of the room (Double Deluxe) which was booked for three people in total. One of our party dropped out at the last minute through illness. Had she come along it would have been a squash to get all three of us in the room. There was not enough hanging space and no draw storage in the room. Neither was there anywhere to store our suitacases which meant that not only did we have to live of our suitcases for 5 days we were tripping over them every time we moved round the room. The staff although they tried to appear to be helpful, they did not have any idea how to solve our problem or even if they understood why we were disappointed with the room. Apart from the size, the room was nicely decorated and was clean, though we had to chase housekeeping on two occasions to service our room. Great location for getting about, smack bang in the middle of Time Square and the hotel was pretty funky with quite a young client base. Would go there again purely for the location but don't try to get more than two people to a room no matter how good friends you are the &quot;double beds&quot; are not big enough for two people to sleep comfortably.	
Jan 19 2005	Great T ime	I found this site after I had booked a week long stay at the Time Hotel and with a disabled husband I was very worried, but I have nothing but praise for the hotel and its staff everyone from the doorman up was kind, friendly and very helpful, the room was clean and cleaned every day, we arrived at 1pm and where informed that our room was ready and we checked in. As to the last comment about a $a a bag at the last hotel we stayed in New York we were charged $5 per bag. We plan to go back to NY next year and will stay at the Time	
Jan 13 2005	So So Time	We were informed that the room was NOT available upon arriving.. so they moved us to a sister hotel called 'dream' (supposely much higher class than the TIME, but i really didnt see the big deal). The manager was very helpful and assistant about the whole situation until we were transported back to TIME. Overall quality of the hotel is ok. Not too impressive nor disappointed, since we spent most of the time outside touring around anyway. I hear you about the size of the room... they aren't that big. The location is awesome and around the hotel is pretty safe so guess it will be good the ladies. Will we be back here? Nope. with the price we paid, we'd rather stay at W hotel.	
Jan 8 2005	Don't Waste Your Time at The Time	Dirty. Tiny. Worn. Just some of the kinder things I have to say about The Time. I was not able to check in until almost 4:00 pm (3:00 pm check in). The suite I had reserved made me jealous for the spaciousness of my college dorm room from years ago. Of course, my college dorm room had fewer cigarette burns, and also smelled better. For the price, there are so many better options in Manhattan than The Time.	
Jan 5 2005	Time's Up @ The Time	Stayed four nights over New Year.Having read reviews on the website I was sceptical about The Time and my initial concerns were correct - the first impression was that my 9th floor room was extremely small, not just by USA standards but by any standards. It was dark, tired and worn. the sink was falling off thew wall and had a large crack in it and the finish was awful - splodges of paint and an unfinished look about it. When we complained about the size of the room (Superior Queen) appauling view and broken sink and were told, by the surly receptionist, that they were booked up but to try the next day - which we did and were moved to the 6th floor. The new room, which was a king sized bed, was better although still not a large room. The bed was very comfortable and the Molton Brown bath products in bathrrom were nice although sparse (only 1 shower gel left daily for two occupants!) The mini bar was a rip off and when we got a bottle of wine from it we were told they charged 2 dollars per glass to drink it out of!!! The bar and restaurant are not owened by the management of the hotle and there is no communication between any of them - when we had a G&amp;T in the bar one night the waitress asked us to pay up so she could go home early then charged us 20% service - which we immediately erased! The rip off continued when we left as the hotle charged us 1 dollar per bag to be stored before our flight!Location is great being so close to Times Square but I would not recommend this hotel, unless the location is of paramount importance or you get a great price.	
Dec 21 2004	A good Time	Traveling with a group &amp; staying most of last week at the Crowne Plaza, we couldn't get a reservation there the last night &amp; moved to the nearby Time. Based on the very mixed reviews, I was expecting trouble. HOWEVER, I was plesantly surprised at the comfortable room &amp; incredible location. The hotel has a strong European feel, so Americans expecting a large room will be disappointed. The bed was comfortable, the toiletries were above average, and the Sunday breakfast buffet was one of the best values we experienced our entire trip! The desk staff can be stiff &amp; blunt...they need some lessons in US customer service. While checking in, we overheard the experiences of someone who arrived late the night before to find The Time oversold. While they were sent to the Roosevelt that night, it appeared the communication regarding availability the next day was not good. The bar on the 2nd floor is very loud. Fortunately, we were not on the 3rd floor, as it would have been miserable. Floors 4 and above are unusually quiet for NYC, however. Either the music needs to be turned down, or the 3rd floor shouldn't be rented. All in all, great value for the money, and therefore, the &quot;above average&quot; rating. During Christmas a Sat. night stay other places would have been 2x the cost. Superb location. Diamond in the rough, and with an increased focus on customer service (checking in plus the noise issue), this place could shine!	
Dec 20 2004	Great Location!	When we arrived December 17 for a three night stay we were told that the hotel had overbooked and that they did not have a room for us. It was well after midnight, we were exhausted, and definitely not in the mood for a problem with our accomodations. The night manager had the doorman put us into a cab, paid the cab fare, and sent us to the Roosevelt. We were given the Ambassador suite for Friday night, which was out of this world! There was a large dining room table, a living room with fireplace (fake, but still nice), a kitchen, two bathrooms and a king bedroom.We returned to the Time on Saturday and filled out another check in card, but our room was not ready. They stored our bags and we went out to explore the city. The desk clerk on duty was much less helpful than the night manager had been, and was a bit surly, but when it became apparent that I was frustrated with him, another clerk stepped in and handled our check in smoothly. We were treated a lot better after we &quot;dropped&quot; the night manager's name a few times and mentioned the VIP treatment he had promised us for the remainder of our stay.The room was adequately furnished - small, but that's to be expected - and it was clean. The shower curtain does not prevent water from leaking onto the bathroom floor, but water temp and pressure was perfect.The bar spillover in to the reception area was a little unnerving, as there were several drunks in various stages of passing out and falling down, and the noise level was unbelievable. Our room was on the 7th floor, fortunately, so noise was not an issue.The maid was a bit annoying, as she would not take NO for an answer when we told her we did not need service early Sunday morning. We eventually told her to leave towels for us, as she desparately wanted to provide some service.Room service was quick to supply ice, and the extra mini bar charges that were added to our bill were removed without question when we explained that they were duplicate charges. The mini bar fridge did not work, and all beverages from it were room temperature.The location was fantastic, the hotel room was fine, there were certainly no rats in our room, as another reviewer mentioned. We would stay there again.	
Dec 20 2004	great location shame about the hotel itself	stayed for 5 nights, location of the hotel great but the hotel was not what we expected. no doormen to greet us on arrival, hotel bar was closed to hotel guests 3 out of the 5 nights we were there due to private parties, room was very small for the price we paid, reception staff not very helpful when asked questions on nyc. very enjoyable holiday would recomened visiting new york just not the time hotel.	
Dec 2 2004	If you want sleep and good customer service - don't stay here!	We were put in a room on the third floor when we arrived after being told that the lift was out of order and that it would be better to be on a lower floor. The music in the lobby (second floor) was very loud and we asked if the room would be affected, the reception manager said no. We carried our cases up the stairs to our room which was clean and comfy. We went for some food and a drink but decided to be in bed fairly early as we had had a long flight from London and wanted to make the most of the weekend. Trying to sleep was impossible, the noise went on until 3.45am, it was incredible, so loud it thumped through the floor and every word could be heard. We kept ringing reception to ask them to turn it down and they said yes but never did. Eventually we went down at 3.30am in our bathrobes and asked them to turn it down and asked why on earth they thought it was a good idea to have a bar below hotel rooms. The response was unhelpful to say the least, once again they said they would turn it down but didn't. We had no sleep that night, the next morning although unapologetic they said they would move us to a higher floor. When we tried to check out on the sunday we could not get into the only working lift as it was packed trying to serve 16 floors, we waited for 25 minutes. Not impressive customer service and the claim that the hotel is tranquil is a joke, try sleeping on the third floor. Surely a hotel is obliged to provide a peaceful environment for sleeping and working lifts? Unimpressive customer service in a country that is meant to be renowned for it and generally lives up to that reputation, The Time needs to get its act together fast.	
Dec 2 2004	Enjoyable Stay	I stayed at the Time the week on November 22 and had a great time. The staff at the Front Desk were extremely friendly and took time to point out the important details that would be helpful during my stay. I had a few hiccups during my stay but the front desk management was quick in response to the matter. I would higly recommend the Time as it is more than a bargain especially with its location.	
Nov 29 2004 	What's not to love	Stayed for three nights in November. Get over the broken elevator - if you want to stay right on Times Square, close to the subways, Broadway, Rockefeller Center, and more great resatuarants than you could ever hope to enjoy, this is your place. A quiet enclave in the heart of the city that never sleeps. The color themed rooms are efficient in space but long on a New York feeling. Bed was a little soft, but everything else was great. Clean bathroom, adequate amenities, trendy little bar on the 2nd floor - lobby level. Good service from the Bellmen and Jay the Concierge. I found it above average for the money (in New York dollars, anyway)	
Nov 20 2004	not horrible but not great either	Stayed for one night last week in a 12th floor suite.Not great: Due to low ceilings, the first impression is that the room seemed very small. Also, the room was dark, even with all the lights on. The carpet, furniture, paint, etc. was tired and worn.Bathroom is small (one person at a time please!). One of the elevators was broken, so wait times were long. I didn't appreciate the Penthouse magazine (I'm not sure if it was left behind or put there on purpose); please just stick with Timeout magazine.Not horrible: I had a great meal via room service. Was met at the entrance by a bellman who helped me with my bag. Desk staff was friendly. The bed was very comfortable (although it is only a double...I cannot imagine two adults sleeping comfortably in it). Molton Brown bath products. Location is great.I would not recommend this hotel, unless the location is absolutely perfect for you or you get a great price.	
Nov 10 2004	Not a good Time	Since we could not find any other hotels available this past Marathon behind , we ended up at the Time. The Location is great; right BEHIND the Crowne Plaza in the center of midtown. We just wished we could have stayed at the Crowne Plaza as they probably have elevators that work and bellboys that are available. This is not the case at the Time. It seems they have 1 elevator down for a while and the other is hit or miss. After an all day hike through Manhatten, we had to hike up 12 flights of stairs to make it to our room at 11:30 on Saturday night. Not fun!! The room was small but adequate and the lobby is loud.Overall, the hotel was OK but I would never stay there or recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 7 2004	Time after Time!	If you want to stay in the heart of Times Square, across a Broadway play Theater, near to subway, restaurants, taxis and much more...stay at The Times NY.We had an absolutely magnificent time at The Times. Planned 5 nights in hotel stay, stayed for 7. Staff was cortiuos, rooms clean and serviced soon after we would leave for sight seeing in the city early in the morning. But best of all, near to everything. My kids loved the look and theme of the hotel. Thanks for a wonderful time and experience at your hotel. Would go again and again.	
Oct 4 2004	excellent "time at the Time!!"	We did indeed have an excellent &quot;time at theTime&quot;. Went to nyc to get married. Family travelled with us. All stayed at the time. We stayed 15 nights. Was like a home from home. Staff all so friendly and obliging.Concierge, (jay) bell porters and doormenEspecially. Beds at the hotel are so comfortable. I have never slept so soundly whilst on holiday. Location also excellent. Right at the heart of Times Square.We will not forget our stay at the time and the staff who made us feel so special.We will be back.	
Sep 23 2004	The Time an antichrist version of the beautiful trendy W Hotels	The TIME Hotel's website was slick and stylish, like a better version of the W Hotel chain. We were impressed with the central Time Square location and our being able to nab a $180 per night rate. When we arrived in our room we were shocked to look out our window at a solid brick wall within touching distance of a dank and dark alley. When we complained to the front desk, we were offered a room for $200 that looked out onto a noisy side street, but had some light. We immediately noticed that our tiny yet trendy, stylish room was worn and dirty all over, but the rest of the areas hotels were full for the Tony Awards and we prebooked our room for a week. Each day we left a nice tip for the maid in hopes that she would make an extra effort to clean our room. No such luck. We even noticed a used length of dental floss in the hallway and laughed each day we saw it. The only cleaning the maid did was the removal of our daily $$$ tip on our pillow for her. The used floss was how we based the daily progress of the hotel cleaniness. Not well indeed. We finally got tired of our shabby digs and tried to talk to a hotel manager who was always in a meeting, although the hotel is tiny. We did finally get the last night comped by the manager, and the &quot;upgrade&quot; charge removed per night. A fair compensation for a disappointing week at the Time Hotel.	
Sep 6 2004	horrible	let's start with check-in: it took them an hour to get my room ready at check-in time of 4pm. the room was tiny! it took them 2 hours to get my mini-bar opened. i called the management to complain and he-she had an attitude! i will let all my friends know this was an awful experience.	
Aug 3 2004	LOVE TIME	I have stayed at the Time on various occations. I love the themed rooms and probably have stayed in all colors. Each time, that I have visited, the staff has been amazing. On one or two occasions I have brought my son. He was only a few months old less than (6) when we first visited. The staff was very accomadating. I moved some items in the mini bar to Jam bottles in and the front desk immediately took the charges off of my bill when I explained. I love the location and the high priced bar and rest inside.The rooms are small but many rooms in NYC are and quite honestly the hotel room is as big as some city apartments that are $1200 a month. If people think this room is extreme and small you should see LOEWS Universal Studios. I love this place and would stay here again and again.	
Jul 28 2004	Loved our time at The Time	After reading some of the negative reviews, I was a little worried about what to expect. I brought a couple of friends who had never been to NYC before. I personally have stayed at several different hotels in NYC. I was much more impressed with The Time than I expected to be. Everyone was polite and helpful. The hotel is in a very convenient location. The room was comfortable and clean. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 24 2004	Cool in the City	I read more cranky reviews for the Time than positive ones, but have nothing but praise for this hotel and its staff myself. Yes, the front desk folks wear black t-shirts, but they were helpful and accomodating, not weird. I arrived at 1p and was advised there was a BLUE room available for early check-in, but it was designated Smoking. I took the chance however, and was not disappointed. I can generally detect cigarette smoke within a mile, but I had no problem stayng in this room. When I was walking down in the heart of Times Sq, I actually thanked my lucky stars that I was not staying right there on Broadway and 42-46 Sts. The Time is a total oasis from the chaos and crowds and noise, located just a block off Broadway and a block from several subway lines too. I visted some friends staying in a budget 3rd floor walkup hostel-hotel on E. 25, with no a/c in the public areas, and I was soooo thankful to be staying at the Time. Saving a few $$$ is one thing, but comfort and location rank as well. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Jul 17 2004	things you should know	Well here's an overview of things I experienced July10-13th. 1) We had to park our car in the garage across the street ourselves.-no valet. even though web sites said they did. 2) go up a floor to the tiny front desk, an all-white room playing techno music. the employees are dressed in tight fitting, black t-shirts. It's like you're in the movie zoolander. 3) the people aren't rude, they might even be nice, but 90% of them are just plain wierd. 4) Its not located on the main strip, its kind of down a small alley/street (49th to be exact) which means that every rooms view is of an alley. 5) The doors you walk in are also the street entrance to the zoolander lounge on the first floor. If you're lucky enough to be there on a Saturday night just flash the bouncer your key and he'll let you in with a smile. 6) Beds are super soft. All in all, not bad, but last time in NY,we stayed in the Southgate towers and we were sorry we didn't go there this time. This hotel is ok if you can't afford a real times square hotel, hilton times square, marriott marquis, exc, then this is a good second rate hotel... as long as you liked that old mike meyers SNL skit &quot;Sprockets&quot;	
Jul 7 2004 	horrible service potential	you had to get tickets to get your luggage checked in and seperate ones to check out . that is ---- called us in the middle of our last and only day to shop to come back and get different tickets so they could bring them down. THE TIME HOTEL. of course their time.......	
Jun 27 2004	Petite but Lovely	Great location and comfortable rooms...	
Jun 17 2004	No complaints	I was a little worried about our 3-night stay at The Time after reading some of the reviews, but I had nothing to be worried about. Like many others, I felt the location of the hotel was excellent. Very close to many of the attractions of NYC. We walked almost the entire city from our hotel... and cab rides to further locations were never over $10. Upon arrival the doormen and other staff were very friendly and helpful with any questions we had. There is someone at the door pretty much 24 hours a day to open it for you and get a cab if you need one. The room was on the smaller side, but not uncomfortable. After a while I felt like I was just staying in someone's bedroom. I had the opportunity to see a room in a hotel a few blocks away and it was significantly smaller and about the same price. Our room was at the end of a hall and we didn't have any trouble with noise. We were on the 3rd floor and couldn't even here the noise from the busy bar on the 2nd floor. The room didn't have a view, but that wasn't a big deal to me. I was very comfortable in the hotel and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to my friends. I'm not sure I could picture my parents staying there, but if you don't have grand expectations of a luxury hotel, you shouldn't be disappointed. Two thumbs up from both me and my friend!	
Jun 14 2004	Location location location!	 Walking distance to everything. Unlike other reviewers, we had no problem with the size of the room or bathroom. Space is at a premium in NYC, and we have stayed in smaller places. Parking right across the street if you arrive by car. Staff was friendly and helpful. Room was clean and quiet. Mattress was too soft for our taste, but that would be our only complaint, and we come to the City to see shows, etc. regularly.	
Jun 13 2004	beware of the time hotel!	Just had to write and share my experience with the Time Hotel in New York. Booked a superior room here last March, actually rang the hotel and gave my credit card details, and received my confirmation number. Fast forward to May, I arrive in New York for the trip of a lifetime. I rang the hotel to check booking only to be told they had no record of the booking. I gave them my confirmation number, to no avail. They offered two nights accomadation at a much higher price than was quoted to me when i rang in March. This hotel's incompetence almost ruined my trip, as the week i arrived in nyc was very busy and almost all hotels were booked out. Luckily we managed to book in to The Fitzpatrick Grand Central and had a ball! As for the Time Hotel just one word: AVOID! (and no, they offered no apology)	
May 19 2004	I loved The Time.	Regardless of what others have said, I enjoyed The Time very much! My girlfriend and I booked four nights through Expedia in early January. I had never been to NYC during this time and, with the exception of the weather (got a bit chilly!) this is an AWESOME time to visit! Low hotel rates, very few crowds, no wait times for attractions. We enjoyed our stay very much. I've stayed at other hotels in Manhattan and this wasn't any smaller than those... in fact, it was slightly bigger. This may have been because we had an upgraded room. Either way, the room was clean, very well lit (more lighting fixtures than I have ever seen!) had a desk/chair and a decent sized bathroom. I enjoyed the Bose radio in the room. Check-in was prompt and we were even allowed to check in a little earlier than scheduled. Doormen were always friendly and took care of taxi service. We needed trash removed from our room (large cozy dinner in-room) and maintenance handled it quickly. I loved the scent of our room too (BLUE) and even though the rate sheet indicated the viles of the scent were $3 a piece, the front desk gave me four of them -- no charge (I tipped the housekeeper who took care of it though)I enjoyed The Time and will definitely return again!	
Apr 22 2004	Yeah Yeah Whatever!	&quot;Very difficult people to please&quot;?? I think not, obviously we just have certain standards which others don't !Small cramped rooms with no clothes space.Small bathroom.Shabby torn carpet on the floor.Noisy corridors with inconsiderate visitors.Surly desk staff.Most rooms have no view (unless you class the middle of the building overlooking vents, air-conditioning units and other rooms a view!!)Tiny beds which surely aren't even double!Maids who don't know what a vacuum cleaner or duster are.Should i go on?????? BE WARNED!! The brochure pictures paint a rosey picture guys!	
Apr 18 2004	A nice stay at a nice Hotel	What a great hotel. We were treated very well. First of all since this was our first stay, and we were in NY to celebrate my birthday, we received a free room upgrade. The room was clean and well appointed. We had a problem with the TV which was fixed in minutes by the Hotel staff. The location was execllent and the stay a very pleasant one. We would highly recommend the Time Hotel.P.S. I read several of the comments on-line before we stayed at this Hotel. I was worried because I read several negative comments. I think those people must be very difficult people to please since we found this Hotel to be excellent.	
Apr 17 2004	Very Nice Hotel	Myself my Girlfriend and Sister stayed here for five nights from the 10th april 2004. When we arrived I was impressed by the location only being a few blocks from times square. The doormen were straight out when our cab pulled up and welcomed us to New York. The Check In staff were very quick and helpful. The rooms were quite small but very comfortable and had a great bathroom. The hotel bar was nice but very expensive(but who cares when your on holiday) The hotel was only across the road from the ambassador theatre where Chicago is currently showing. Just around the corner is a great Deli (BellYDelly Deli) nice breakfast and sandwiches. There is a good restaurant up the road as well (Ellens Stardust Diner) it has singing waiting staff very entertaining and very nice food. I would stay at the time again and would recommend it to anyone who is not stuck up like most of the people who have reviewed this hotel, they must have really High standards so they may as well go to the waldorf or another high class hotel (losers)	
Apr 15 2004	Nice stay	This hotel deserves the greatest rate available. The location is fantastic, just around the corner in Times Square. The rooms are very nice, elegant and modern. And for whatever need you might have, very kind personnel is ready to assist you. Not to mention every morning a copy of the New York Times will be ready for you in front of your room door. Book with confidence, you won't regret it.	
Apr 9 2004	Uh Oh!	OH MY GOD! Why on earth didn't I listen to the other reviews on here? Maybe it was because I'd booked this &quot;hotel&quot; before finding this site! Where shall i begin? Surly guy behind main desk on check in. Shabby, tatty, dirty rooms (tried a few!) Lucky I didn't take my cat with me because I wouldn't have been able to swing it! What an absolute waste on money. Luckily you don't spend too much time in your room when in NYC or we would have had cabin fever by day 4! Everything was just sooooooo below average whaich was totally masked by the pictures in any brochure I have seen. Clever photography! And those bedroom doors.........NO-ONE closes them quietly and they bang like a trawler door in a storm! DON'T EXPECT MUCH SLEEP GUYS!	
Apr 9 2004	What a joke!	While renovating our apartment, we decided to stay at the Time. Not sure why! This place tries too hard to be &quot;eclectic&quot;, while forgetting that good customer service can be far more rewardng to the hotel then trying to be cool. And for the hefty price you pay, you should definitely go somewhere else where your money will serve you better.Rethink staying at the Time Hotel. We considered the good reviews, but little did we know we'd be writing a BAD one!	
Mar 28 2004	the Worst	I booked us at the Time because we needed to find a place centrally located in the Theater district. Wish I had read the reviews in this column first! Our room was so small it made us claustrophobic, and was poorly decorated despite the hype about the cutting-edge decor, and the blinds and shades were beginning to shred. Our A/C did not work -- the room was stifling all night, and the bathroom was more like a stall. The restaurant downstairs, Oceo, was a huge ripoff. Minuscule portions at ridiculously high prices, and some of the smarmiest, slowest service we've ever seen. The waiter did finally recognize what an abominable job he'd done throughout our dinner service and gave us our glasses of port on the house, but by then it was too late. Please do yourself a favor and stay away from this place. Other than location, there is nothing to recommend it.	
Mar 27 2004	A Great Time in NY	Our four night break at The Time (22nd - 26th March) helped to make it an excellent short break in NY. The staff were courteous and friendly, helpful when approached and could not be faulted. The themed room we were given was clean and functional, exactly the photo we'd seen in the brochure! The rooms are a little on the small side but in NY you don't spend a great deal of time in the room anyway. It's only real fault is that it only has two lifts that go to all floors and at busy times you may have to wait a few minutes for the lift to get to you. It is in a perfect location for Times Sq and all the Broadway theatres. Everything is on the doorstep. We will be going back next year!	
Feb 23 2004	A Trendy Hotel	We stayed at The Time 02/20/04 - 02/22/04 and had a wonderful time. The decor of the hotel is very hip and trendy, and while it may not be in the same league as The Drake, or other 5-star luxury hotels, you're not paying the $$$$$ for The Drake. The hotel staff was extremely courteous and friendly. The rooms were decorated in an IKEA-esque fashion, and were extremely interesting. The hotel's location couldn't have been more convenient. We can't wait to go back!	
Feb 19 2004	Good for Short Stays	The hotel is located within walking distance to many attractions which was nice. When we arrived, there was of construction going on. The lobby and ground level were blocked off for renovations. The hotel room was small but adequate for short stays. The hotel had some interesting features, a tv monitor in the hall ways outside of the elevators, color themed rooms and cartons of eggs under the glass elevator on the first floor. Upon arriving we were offered 2 different themed rooms. The room itself was small but sufficient, however the bathroom could use a bit of updating. Also, the walls were on the thin side, we could hear the tv and talking in other rooms. Overall, we would recommend this hotel for only short weekend stays.	
Feb 4 2004	Do not stay here...Read why	Please do not stay here. You will regret it. The service is horrible and the rooms are even worse. Everything is beyond slow and all the areas in the hotel are dirty. The staff only knows RUDE, not nice. It is a prime location if you are wanting to be near Time Square, but there are many other hotels around that area that are much better and some even cheaper. The photos may look nice (hence why i picked this hotel), but the hotel does not look like them once you get there. The bar is happening place but its SLOW and EXPENSIVE and DIRTY. Read all the reviews...and follow them. DO NOT STAY AT THE TIME HOTEL........it will ruin your stay in the big apple. I have stayed at over a dozen hotels five star down to two star in NYC and this was by far the worst one ever....	
Jan 23 2004	Don't stay here if....	This hotel is not a classy place. I booked a room here because the pictures looked nice, and it seemed different and fun. The rooms are small and the place looks cheap and dirty.It's kind of funky if you are younger and can save money by staying here. I went with my mom and was so embarassed that we switched hotels. The toilet was broken and overflowing and we had a view of a brick wall. We stayed in a MUCH nicer, cleaner place for not that much more money right around the corner.We also had a dispute about cancelling for the second night of the hotel, even though the room was totally unacceptable. They promised to refund us, then never did. When we called back the hotel manager was VERY rude and unhelpful.This is really a hole in the wall with funky decorations for a younger crowd getting drunk in Times Square who don't mind a staying someplace crappy.	
Jan 18 2004	Cheap and fake!	This place tries to be trendy. But it is only surface thing. Everything in this place, they look like modern, but actually they are very, very cheap and fake stuffs. I am so disappointed. Much better to go to middle class chain hotels (holiday-in, howard johnson, travelodge etc...) Do not go to small moderate price trendy butique hotels, most of times they are fake and cheap. This is from my experiences.	
Jan 5 2004	You can do better...	My wife and I spent 2 nights at The Time Hotel in NY in mid-December 2003. After booking a room with an automatic upgrade upon availability through the hotel's website, I was informed upon checkin that the hotel would not provide the upgrade I had requested. Furthermore, I was treated rudely by management when I asked for an explanation for refusing to provide the upgrade when I had paid an additional amount to book this option on the hotel's website. Needless to say, the superior room we ended up in was probably the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in. Maid service was erratic and it took three desperate calls in the morning in order to receive breakfast in the room that I had ordered. We also had a knock on the door early one morning asking us if we were using the shower as there was a leak in the room below. In short, there are much better hotels in NYC in terms of room q-- don't waste your time or your money at the Time Hotel!	
Dec 29 2003	A little nervous of previous reviews	Having read some recent reviews of The Time on Trip Advisor (after the booking had been made) it was with some trepidation that we booked in on 11th December! The location of this hotel was ideal, being within walking distance of Broadway/Times Square/Rockerfella Plaza etc., The reception staff were pleasant and attentive at all times, and the Concierge/Bellboys were extremely helpful in procuring transport and providing information. The only 'downside' was the size of the rooms and the delays waiting for roomservice to deliver ice!.... We had booked what we thought was a 'superior double' only to find that it was very small, with limited wardrobe space, and no drawer space at all - we viewed a 'deluxe king size' which apart from the bed being larger, and there being a couple of drawers, there wasn't much difference in the size of the actual room. At night, the bar was certainly a 'happening' place for young people - (this could have been due to the time of year). However, whilst staying in this area we would like to take this opportunity to recommend a visit to 'Ellens Stardust Diner' on Broadway (within walking distance) for a meal, and entertainment from the waiters/waitresses - very enjoyable. Also, add a trip/meal on the 'World Yacht', and a meal at 'Tavern on the Green' to your visit (unmissable!!)	
Dec 23 2003	The Time - A Pleasant Surprise	We stayed at The Time 12/19-22/2003. After reading the diversity of reviews, I honestly was a bit apprehensive about staying there. Well, I couldn't have been more pleased. Having stayed in economy hotels in NYC and in the New York Hilton, I've seen the best and worst. The Time was definitely above average--well above. I was shocked to discover (based on the floorplan) that we were in one of the smallest rooms in the hotel (a double room). Sure, it was cozy, but you could have fit two of other rooms I've stayed in in NYC in this space. Not sure what problems others really had with their rooms, but ours was clean and neatly modern. Don't expect heavy drapes and fancy furniture. This hotel is the epitome of modern design. We would definitely return. The staff was VERY pleasant, as was the bartender in the hotel lounge. People, this is NYC. Don't expect downhome friendly folk at every turn. There was definitely a LOT less attitude in this hotel than in others I've stayed in in the city. Oh, and we were on the 3rd floor. There was NO street noise at all. You could barely even hear the crowd in the bar a floor below. I think some people expect a first-class hotel for $200/night in NYC. Don't expect a large room anywhere for that amount. Research and know what to expect--otherwise, you are likely to be VERY disappointed. We knew what to expect and were pleasantly surprised this trip!	
Dec 15 2003	Small room. Good hotel staff. Bad bar staff	At $US 200 per night I expect a omdicum of service as well as a room. On average I stay in one hotel a week and what makes this one of the worst is the appallingly abusive bar staff. On the positive it's central. But, next time I'll be staying at the Sheraton just down the street.	
Dec 11 2003	Relaxing enjoyable - good all around	Loved it! Very chic and trendy with a very atmospheric and relaxing feel. Very comfy. Color coordinations are cool! I stayed in the Deluxe Room that cost me $239/nite ( Thanksgiving season) and every penny was worth it. It's Times Square so you are paying for a great location. Staff was friendly. Deco very nice. Bathrooms are slightly smaller but we don't stay in the bathroom, so we??? I highly recommend it. Enjoyed the 2 nights i had there tremendously.	
Dec 8 2003	Location can't be beat amenities can be	We stayed at The Time for a long weekend in December 2003. The location in the middle of the theater district is superb. Our experience with the staff was excellent as they went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. We had some issues with the temperature of the room--it was excessively hot and we slept with the window open even though the temperature outside was under 30 degrees F. The rooms are small as are the bathrooms. For a newish hotel, the rooms are a bit shabby in their appearance, but seem to be pretty clean. We were on the 15th floor and did not experience any road noise. Elevator wait times were long, especially on Sunday around check-out time. They provide high-speed internet access for about $10 per day. The bar was excellent and really hopped at night. The concierge and bell staff were particularly good.	
Dec 4 2003	Chose another hotel!	arrived at the hotel and we were asked what our method of payment was going to be - as our preferred method was cash we had to pay up front which was not a problem at all - it did however seem to cause a problem for the hotel - throughout our 4 night stay we were constantly left messages asking for a security deposit and when we questioned why we were advised that it was due to our $800.00 bill still outstanding - the first time the mix up happened I could understand it - but not 4 times and not when they actually lock you out of your room until you have sorted it out.....reception staff certainly didnt have any sense of customer service - one individual in particular was the rudest person Ive ever had to deal with. The rooms are VERY small - and we were in one of the bigger rooms!! I think for the money paid we could have had a far better service and a better hotel! + factors are that the bar was good and its in a very handy location.	
Nov 21 2003	Good Times Square Location	We chose this hotel because of Travel Channel Sam Brown's visit and the ideal location to theatre. Very small rooms and bathroom, but adequate if you don't plan to spend any time in the room. Although the location is ideal, service is friendly and the decor is interesting, do not expect a first class hotel. We noticed an inattention to details, such as dirty hallways, unmended rips in curtain panels, paint drips on the shower tile, etc. Be prepared for LONG waits for the elevator. This was an acceptable hotel for the less than $200 a night we paid.	
Nov 14 2003	Rat Hole	Just say NO! This is place is a joke. It seems that 3 people are employed here. They try to make things seem posh and trendy. As if that would in some way make up for: 1)filthy rooms, 2)air/heat thermostat seems to only be there for looks. It seemed as if there was one temperature that it stayed no matter what setting, 3) they tried to slip in 5 false charges for mini bar, 4) the lighting is so minimal (probably to hide shabbiness of entire place, 5) our window shade was torn, 6) part of a coat rack was broken and on floor, 7) the bath room faucet fell off in hand, 8) the waitress at bar was VERY rude, and 9) EVERY morning at 4:00 the garbage truck arrived and banged on until 4:30 or later _ GOOD MORNING! It sounded as if we were outside. 10) There is no ice machine on any floor. I could go on. I promise. In short, it SUCKED.	
Nov 9 2003	Cubby Hole	My wife and I spent 8 nights at The Time Hotel. Being there that long, you would think they would give us a decent sized room. Instead, we were in a closet with a king size bed. It was the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in. Also, everytime we took a shower, the water went all over the bathroom floor. The shower door didn't close all the way. We paid top dollar for this so called 5 star hotel but it fell far short of our expectations and we travel extensively. New York was fabulous! We are definitely returning but will stay somewhere other than The Time.	
Sep 14 2003	fabulous experience	clean, fancy, inexpensive, i'll definitely stay there again. next time i'll try their color match system to get the right colored room. A+	
Sep 8 2003	this place is a joke	DO NOT STAY HERE! we woke up in the middle of night to a rat digging through our things. i wonder if they ever clean any of the furniture, sheets, comforter, or bathroom.	
Aug 3 2003	Small but quite nice	The rooms were undoubtably on the tiny side, but were decorated tastefully with modern looking furniture and lighting. High speed internet access, fax machine, pricey minibar that charges you for removing items from it (whoops! I didnt know! they straightened it all out, they aren't rip off artists thank god). I recommend it to those travelling solo, with a location that cant be beat. Time square is around the corner!	
Jul 29 2003	Quality Accomodation	Yes, the bedroom and bathroom is very small, but they are clean and adequate and the designer has paid a high attention to atmospheric detail dimmable lighting, BOSE radio, red/yellow or blue colour scheme. This is not budget accommodation, built on the cheap and this is clearly evident. The hotel is located in an excellent (but touristy) area with easy access to the Subway and theatres. The trendy bar and restaurant is a nice place to relax after your partner has taken you for several laps around Macys and is used by the locals as the local pre-theatre meeting point. We found it cheaper to book a room directly with the hotel (rather than an agency). As the staff were friendly and helpful, the rates reasonable and we had no complaints in our week stay, we would certainly consider staying there again.	
Jul 20 2003	Awesome Place to stay...	After reading all of the reviews on here i was a bit pessimistic about the hotel....we found on their website a room for only $135 a night which is an amazing price for anywhere especially that close to times square (100 ft.) The rooms were clean and surprisingly bigger than what i expected and the staff was very nice...the bar and restaurant seemed dead but all in all i would definitely stay there again.....oh and watch out when you are looking in the mini bar, its electronic and charges the room when you take something our, even the $50 bottle of moet champagne that i took out to look at.Stay there	
Jul 10 2003	Close to time square thats for sure~	I went last year for the Macy's parade and was surprise that it was RIGHT there. The place was small and the rooms were tiny but it was comfortable and clean. The price was right and it was within great distance from lots of NYC places. Overall good time~	
Jun 22 2003	Lost TIme	My choice of The Time was largely based on the recent Travel Channel coverage by Sam Brown. I was extremely disappointed in the ROOM---VERY VERY tiny even by NYC standards. It was well appointed and nicely designed --but---did I say TINY???? The staff were all extremely accommodating and is the main positive for this hotel. Overpriced for the room size, I will look for something else next trip.	
Jun 22 2003	Ditto	Gotta agree with the TripAdvisor User from DC. I also stayed at The Time during the April snowstorm. The staff could not have been nicer, even apologetic about the weather. However, the restaurant was closed for nearly two days and my suite was tiny. I have stayed in many other NYC hotels and their rooms were bigger than my suite. [The bathroom in a Waldorf suite was bigger.] For the price, there is better. The jacuzzi worked, it just takes a degree in engineering to figure out how to get it going. I do not think I would stay there again.	
Jun 17 2003	Taken Good Care of at the Time	I stayed at The Time on West 49th St, between 8th and Broadway about a month ago while traveling to the city on business. I got a great deal from a travel Web site ($150 for the night) and decided to stray from the usual lodging alternatives situated around Madison Ave. The Time was a pleasant experience from the first step in the door. As I entered in the early evening, I was greeted by a pleasant door man, and there was a happy hour crowd, mostly made up of young execs, at the bar on the main floor (second). The bar area was dim, with &quot;modern&quot; couches and little TV screens implanted in the walls...very cool. The girl at the front desk was very pleasant, asked my choice of blue, red, or yellow, which ended up being the main decor color of my room. She directed me to my room, which was small but clean and smelled great, with very stylish features and a comfortable bed. I was told there was a complementary gym, but never got a chance to try it out. Right across from Chicago theater and a block from Ruby Foo's, this place was great, and well worth the trip.	
Jun 2 2003	Great Time	Stayed at The Time in May 2003 and as a female travelling on my own it was perfect. The location could not have been better. The rooms were spotlessly clean and a good size. Colour schemes were funky. Staff were discreet but there when you needed something. The lift was amazing too. I would definitely stay at The Time on my next trip to New York.	
May 6 2003	Tiny rooms!		
Apr 15 2003	Had a great Time		
Apr 9 2003	Overrated		
Feb 19 2003	Nice but the Muse is better for the same price		
Dec 13 2002	Great place in great location		
Nov 9 2002	Smallish rooms but comfortable		
May 1 2002	nice but over priced		
Apr 12 2002	great experience		
Apr 1 2002	Time out for The Time		
Jan 15 2002	The Time Hotel Review		
Nov 21 2009 	Un cauchemar		
Oct 9 2009 	posizione fantastica un buon hotel!		
Sep 28 2009 	Idéalement placé - à deux pas de Times Square		
Sep 27 2009 	l'ombellico di manatthan		
Sep 18 2009	Zentrale Lage aber ungepflegt !		
Sep 8 2009 	Una perla a NY		
Sep 6 2009 	Perfetto!		
Sep 1 2009 	Buon piazzamento ma stanze piccole e non curate		
Aug 16 2009 	Eccellente Posizione in Time Square		
Jul 30 2009 	centrally located close to times square and family friendly		
Jul 5 2009 	Al Centro di Manhattan		
Jun 25 2009 	Bonne Situation Bonne qualité!		
Apr 25 2009 	Bien situé un peu cher		
Feb 24 2009 	Ottima posizione pulito		
Nov 19 2008 	elegantemente moderno		
Oct 26 2008 	Coloré chaleureux et un style contemporain très marqué		
Oct 22 2008 	Ho scelto proprio bene: The Time		
Aug 4 2008 	Horrible		
Mar 17 2008	Ubicación perfecta		
Jan 19 2007 	Excellent séjour dans cet hôtel.		
Dec 25 2006 	Gran desilusión		
