Nov 26 2009 	Great Friendly Hotel in Superb Location	Just come back from staying in this hotel, and would have no hesitation in recommending it to others.Staff are extremely friendly on reception and in the lounge areas, and answered all questions and got us checked in extremely quickly.Rooms are nice - ours was on the 3rd floor above reception, and although it is a bit noisy from the street below, you expect this in New York, especially given the location, Very spacious though, and loads of storage room. Beds are extremely comfortable, however the bathroom is a little on the compact side!! Mini bar is expensive as in most NY hotels, however, $11 for a half bottle of wine wasn't bad - and it tasted alright as well. The Lounge bar is a really nice touch, especially the free wine and nibbles on a Wednesday night, and the breakfast in there, whilst seeming expensive at $14 is actually really nice and you can have loads.The location is excellent - just far enough away from the bustle of 5th and surrounding areas, but close enough to be able to walk comfortably to any of the tourist areas, i.e. central park, times square, Empire State, Grand Central, etc.Well worth a visit for the price and location.If you are staying here, a great recommendation for a bar / restaurant around the corner is The Stags Head on 51st between 2nd &amp; 3rd - superb beer and great food and atmosphere, but not too expensive. Not a Coors or Budweiser in site, but locally produced beers - the Sixpoint is fantastic!!	
Nov 24 2009	We had a great stay!	We stayed at the Affina 50 in early November. I'd stayed on previous occasions at other Affina properties in New York. The room was large and very nice. We had a great view on the 22nd floor. The staff was helpful with recommendations on neighborhood services. The hotel is very well located. All in all, it was a great visit!	
Nov 20 2009 	Good base for NYC	We stayed here for part of our honeymoon for four nights. Our room was on the third floor of the hotel. The room was a very good size as far as new york standards and the beds are very very comfortable. You even get a choice of pillows from the pillow menu.The downside to our room was that we could smell the macdonalds cooking which is located next door. I think if you were on a higher floor or if you were at the other side of the hotel this would not be an issue. The rooms are clean and they provide lovely aveda products in the bathrooms.The price of the drinks/snacks in the rooms are insanely high so we didnt even touch those. Much cheaper to walk two blocks and buy them from the convienience store.The location of the hotel was great for us, it was about a 5-10 min walk from grand central station and all of the buzz of nyc. There are some lovely restaurants nearby, one in particular is a very nice mexican just one block over.Breakfast is served in the lounge but we opted to go to the breakfast cafe on the same block (right as you leave the hotel). This tended to be always busy but worth it for the lovely breakfast that they served.If we returned to ny we would probably stay here again if we could manage to get a room at discounted rate as we did on this trip.	
Nov 13 2009 	Affinia always meets and usually exceeds expectations	We stayed at the Affinia 50 the first Saturday of November. We try to stay at Affinia hotels whenever we are in NYC because of the great service, larger-than-usual rooms and pleasant decor. We had reserved a standard room and were delighted and surprised to find that we had been upgraded into a large one-bedroom suite. This only increased our already-positive feelings toward this well-run, service-oriented group of hotels.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great hotel and location	I stayed at this hotel having read the reviews here, and encouraged by a good advance booking discount, and was not disappointed.Firstly, the welcome was fantastic. It seemed that within a minute of arriving in our taxi from the airport, staff had taken care of our cases, checked us in, and thrust handfuls of excellent city guides and maps into our hands.The room was a decent size - enough room to tuck our suitcases away into the closet along with our clothes - and with a digital safe for valuables. Bathroom was very clean and nicely stocked. The bed was super comfortable - it came with a pillow menu of exciting-sounding options, but the ones provided were perfectly fine, so we never tried that out.Our room was on the third floor, so expected noise from the street outside the window. I'm used to that at home and, to me, that's part of the &quot;buzz&quot; of staying in a city like New York. If you're sensitive to noise at night, you might want to make sure you are higher up.Heating and air-conditioning both seemed to work efficiently and quietly (the nights were cold, but with sunny days it soon warmed up, so we ended up using both) and we were able to open the windows, which I liked just to be able to put my head out and feel the temperature before going out!Location is excellent - just far enough away from the main tourist areas to be a little quieter, but with plenty of interest (and lots of restaurants) in the streets all around. I have never really used the subway much on previous visits, finding the system confusing, but with a station just around the corner from the hotel I was tempted to make more effort, and was glad I did as it was a convenient and quick way to get to and from downtown areas.If I wanted to come back to this area of Manhattan, I would definitely stay here again, but I would want to keep an eye out for one of those discounted advance-purchase rates again.	
Nov 5 2009 	New York Our Way	This hotel had executive suites. Lounge, bedroom,kitchen and bathroom. second floor lounge was great to chill out in or watch the football on the big screen or enjoy 'wine o'clock' on Wednesdays or nibbles watching te football on Sunday's. The &quot;welcome home&quot; by the doorman 'Rome' was always a nice touch. Concierge very helpful. Great location.	
Nov 3 2009 	Perfect experience	The hotel is in a perfect location and everything about the hotel was lovely. We particularly liked the club room on the second floor, which was spacious and very relaxed. The room had everything we liked and everything worked. I look forward to another trip to this hotel.	
Nov 3 2009	Great hotel	Stopped at the Affinia 50 last week and it was a lovely freindly hotel. I have never slept in such a comfortable hotel bed. Everything was clean and tidy and so central to almost everything. The staff were lovely and helpful. The bell boys ( or men ) were great and the conceierge was very helpful when I had a problem with one of the tours I was going on and did some ringing around for me and didnt charge me anything. We had our breakfast their and didnt think that the price was bad as you could eat as much as you like. It was a continental breakfast but after some huge meals we were greatful for some fruit. The only draw back was that the windows didnt keep the noise out but we were so tired that we didnt notice. For the price it was well worth the money as it covered everything we wanted.	
Oct 31 2009 	This hotel charges for free calls using USA phone card	Disappointed they chose to charge us nearly $2.00t o make free calls using a USA phone card, no other hotel we stayed in in the USA did this.	
Oct 29 2009	not again	The lobby looks very old (especially the curtains behind the front desk). We booked a junior suite with a bedroom, living room, dining area, and a kitchen through booking.com but we were given a one-room suite. The bathroom was too small and furniture was dusty. The kitchen fridge had scratches all over and the kitchen cabinets were made from aluminum and they were dusty too! When we objected the front desk was not helpful till the manager got involved (who we thank a lot), we were given a better room (I don’t know why we were not given this room from the beginning!). All 2 beds suite (including the 2 we stayed in) are located near the service storage cabinet. The cleaning ladies start slamming the cabinet door from 6 am, very frequently! Heating system “automatically” works when temperature reaches 42 F (5 C) regarding of how cold the guests feel. When we asked for extra blankets and pillows, the blanket had holes and the guy who got them to us was very rude and picking his nose while getting them to us, of course we refused to take them! One day the water was cut off of the entire hotel for around an hour. We then were given a really small heater. No free Internet access and the wireless was not available on all floors. When we asked to get the wireless after we moved to the other room, we’ve been told that we will be charged again!! Also, they charge you per computer! What’s good about the hotel: location, recycling awareness, and free Internet access to airlines website and boarding pass printing. The hotel is over priced and I will never stay here again nor recommend it to friends.	
Oct 27 2009 	Outstanding!	We recently booked 4 rooms at the hotel for a special reunion of long time friends from college. We had a wonderful stay at the hotel--the staff were outstanding and the accommodations were excellent--and the location was great as well--just a short walk from many attractions, great restaurants etc..	
Oct 25 2009 	Fantastic	Thank you staff of Affinia 50. My daughter, sister-in-law, niece and I stayed at your Hotel a year ago in September. We were overwhelmed by the courtesy and friendliness of the staff especially Manny, thanks for all your help and advice. My niece had an appendicitis attack the day before we were to fly back to Canada. The staff were incredably helpful and accomodating in what could have been an extremely difficult time. Thankfully, all went well and she has completely recovered. Once again &quot;Hats off&quot; to the super staff of a great place to stay!	
Oct 23 2009 	Great hotel	Arrived early afternoon into JFK following a week in Vermont. Quick taxi from the airport to hotel. Although we were a little early for check in time the receptionist found us a room straight away. We had requested a quiet room on a high floor, but the only rooms available at the time were on either the 2nd or 3rd floors and we were given the choice. On the receptionist's recommendation we took a room on the 2nd floor next to the Club Room. Our fears of noise from outside traffic were completely unfounded. The only time we heard any noise later in the evenings was on one occasion, from unsupervised children allowed to play around the Club Room entrance.Our room was great, very spacious and clean. Lovely comfortable bed and pillows and well stocked bathroom. Also, handy location for when we wanted to take advantage of the comfortable seating in the Club Room and use the complimentary pod coffee machine which was available all day. We went to the Wine Evening on Wednesday where we enjoyed a nice glass of Merlot before setting out for our evening meal at the nearby Gyu-Kaku Japanese BBQ restaurant (which I'd highly recommend).The hotel staff were very courteous and friendly. I would certainly recommend this hotel to friends and would stay here again myself.We didn't have the buffet breakfast at the hotel. Instead we ate at a variety of places nearby. We tried the NY Luncheonette which is located on 50th Street - turn right out of hotel and it's a couple of doors down. This is very popular and always crowded. We also went to Morning Star Diner a couple of times which is on 2nd Avenue - turn left out of hotel, cross 3rd Avenue, at 2nd Avenue turn left and it's a couple of shops down. We went to the breakfast buffet at Kimberley Hotel - turn right out of hotel and it's on your right (wouldn't recommend it though).We tried the Emery Bar at the nearby Benjamin Hotel (turn right out of hotel and walk to end of block, it's on corner of Lexington) one evening for a few drinks and burgers - really liked this place, had a nice atmosphere and the burgers were good too.There is a well stocked deli just round the corner on 3rd Avenue where you can pick up most food stuff you need. One evening we called in and they made up sandwiches which we took back to our room. They also have a vast selection of hot and cold 'serve yourself' type food to take away which seemed exceptionally popular.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great stay as usual	This was our 4th time staying at the Affinia 50, we were staying for 4 days and love the location and the staff. Our room wasn't ready when we arrived early, we request the room we had the last time, so we went across the street for lunch, then to Century 21 and Lord and Taylor's for some shopping. Our room was ready when we arrived back from lunch and shopping. Once getting settled in the room and getting ready for dinner at Becco's on restaurant Row and the the show, My First Time, at the New World Stage we thought we'd have a cocktail on the terrace, that's when we found out the door wouldn't open. On the way out that evening we mentioned it to the gentleman at the front desk. The door was fixed the next day. We love the staff, the doormen welcoming us in each time and making sure we know where we are going when we leave the hotel. The the front desk making sure we have everthing for a pleasant stay at the hotel and the &quot;Maids&quot; who will go the extra mile to make sure the room is prefect, the are worth that extra 10% of my bill we leave them. Thanks to everyone at the hotel and looking forward seeing you all again in May 2010 with the girls this time.	
Oct 15 2009 	Fabulous hotel for a great break in NYC.	I travelled with my sister for a girly few days in NYC. We found everything about the Affinia 50 to be fantastic. The rooms were clean and spacious and the beds exceptionally comfortable. The bathrooms, although small, were clean and had both a shower and a bath. We had the continental breakfast ($14.95 per person) on 2 days and this was delicious with a great variety of fresh fruit, cereals, pastries and bagels. The staff could not be more accommodating and did everything possible to help, and you always received a warm welcome when returning after a hard days sightseeing or shopping. The location is superb, on the same street as the Rockefeller Center, albeit afew blocks down. Times Square and Broadway are also very close, only a 10 minute walk, and we felt very safe walking back to the hotel after dark. I would certainly stay at this hotel again, if I am lucky enough to visit this fantastic city again!	
Oct 14 2009 	Fine but wouldn't stay again and wouldn't recommend	Our room was situated right on top of a massive airconditioning unit. The noise was outrageous. It felt like we were still on the plane. We complained, they upgraded us to a larger room, but the noise came with us. We aren't hard to please and we have lived on busy roads in the heart of the city before, but the air conditioning unit was ridiculous. We've previously stayed at the front of a hotel on much busier 57th street and we much prefer road/street noise to the continuous sound of a motor. We wouldn't stay here again. Also we weren't the biggest fan of the area - there isn't much in the street. Next time we'll be going back to somewhere like the Salisbury. The only upside is that the front of house staff are friendly and helpful and the rooms are a decent size and clean.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great Location big rooms relaxing	This was the first time for me and my wife in New York, and we are really lucky to have found this hotel. It is very close to the main attractions, we barely used taxi or metro to reach several destinations, like broadway, empire state, 5th avenue etc. The rooms are quite big and spacious, so that after a long day of walking, you can enjoy going back to your room and relax, get ready for the evening. We chose to have the breakfast at the hotel, as we found the price quite reasonable and also the choices were quite healthy, compared to pancakes, fried eggs and patatoes which you get in some other cafes. Only missing thing was a nice coffee... The staff was always kind and helpfull. Also the guests mostly tourists made the atmoshpere better compared to a business hotel, where you would only see business people.	
Oct 9 2009 	NYC - 4 days - 5 women - enough said	... well maybe not quite enough. Our stay at the Affinia 50 was fantastic. Room, the one bedroom suite was perfect tons of room to spread out in. Very clean. Couldn't find my pj's after the first day, because they had been neatly folded and put under my pillow (very nice!) - and the pillow selected from the &quot;pillow menu&quot; was perfect.We found all the staff so very helpful with whatever we needed, extra blankets - brought up right away, forgotten toothpast - delivered right away. Arranging transport to the airpport - done in the comfort of our room.The location was central to everything.We will be back.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect escape	We stayed at the Affinia 50 in NYC for four nights. The room was larger than most hotels of the same quality in other cities where space is not at a premium like it is in NYC. Our room was clean, the beds were awesome. Very comfortable, great pillows and you have a choice of pillows if you don't like what is on the bed, but we all loved the beds and pillows. Very nice and cozy. The front desk staff was very friendly. We were always on the go and did not use many of their services but we would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Terrific hotel great location friendly service	Very close to major attractions, including Times Square, MOMA. Many restaurants nearby (e.g. on 2nd Ave.).	
Oct 7 2009 	Highs and Lows!	We booked a one bedroom suite at the Affinia 50 after a personal recommendation and the online reviews.When we arrived in the room, there was no dining table or chairs or separate bedroom as shown on the hotel.com site.We had also requested a quiet room and this was on a low floor and pretty noisy.The staff on reception said that they needed proof of what we booked as they didn't have access ! So we paid to use the p.c. on the second floor and print out the confirmation.We were told that they would move us to a quieter room but we couldn't have the one we booked until the following day.When we finally got it we were very pleased, it was very clean, comfortable and quiet. A few days (Sept 30th) later it turned chilly and we asked if we could have some heating turned on but reception said it wouldnt be turned on until Oct 15th...we slept with our coats over the beds to keep warm.On the plus side , the housekeeping staff are very friendly and helpful and the two guys on the door are a pleasure, always cheerful and a greeting whenever we entered/ left the building. The coffee in the lounge on the 2nd floor was great in the mornings....avoid the pods for the machine and get the coffee from the large stainless steel dispenser, it's like the difference between mud and nectar! If you want to get breakfast/lunch/dinner quickly then turn left outside the building, then left on the corner and at the end of the block theres a good place selling everything from breakfast muffins to sushi.The Affinia is in a great location and it's very easy to get everywhere you want to go in New York from there by walking or the subway or taxi.Just bring your booking sheet with you..... and perhaps a hot water bottle!	
Oct 4 2009 	WORST HOTEL EVER	I have been to MANY hotels around the world, and I have always been satisfied, but Affinia 50 was a huge dissapointment. We arrived at 3 o'clock on a Saturday and we had to wait for more than half an hour for our room. We were told to wait in the hotel's lounge but it was too crowded with other people with the same problem, so we had to stay in the small lobby (with more people) and with our baby running around. Then we saw the room and it was not only ugly, but also very dirty! The carpet had stains all over, the things in the kitchen were all dirty ( I had to cut an apple, but then I threw it away when I saw the kinife! disgusting) and the worst was that the bathroom had fungus and hairs in the walls. And on top of everything, the day we were leaving someone started knocking on our door before 10 am asking if we were ready to check out. The only good thing about this hotel is the location, but I prefer to walk for hours rather than staying there again and paying 450 dollars a night! I would never ever recommend this hotel	
Sep 30 2009	Pleasantly surprised and relieved	After reading some of the reviews posted here over the summer, I was apprehensive about what I would find, but was completely delighted! yes, the hotel is under renovation and near a police station, but I found none of the inconveniences or annoyances posted by others. The staff was exceptionally attentive and friendly, greeting us with hellos and cheers whenever we came or left. My mom,. sister and I shared a corner Junior Suite, that was spacious with two amazingly comfortable queen sized beds and a sofa couch. It also had a small kitchen and bath. The room was tastefully decorated and clean. All food items were fresh and well before their expiration date. Our questions and needs were quickly met. We even tested their various pillows, though I have to admit we had a hard time differentiating them and none were as firm as I liked. No worries, though, just doubled up and slept like a baby. There were at least a dozen ethnic restaurants within a two block walk, it was an easy walk to 5th Avenue and to the U.N and East River. I would strongly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 29 2009 	Huge Rooms Great Location	Booked a one bedroom deluxe suite. Average cost per night was $425 on Orbitz for a Saturday and Sunday night. Excellent location, huge rooms (we had a king size bed in a nice sized bedroom, small, but full kitchen, dining room, living room with pull out sofa, and a very large balcony with a GREAT view! Bathroom was very small, but that was the only small room. To make up for the small bathroom you can expect Aveda bath products! Excellent. The linens in the bathroom and bedding are crisp, fresh, white cotton. Also, they will provide almost everything you need if you forget something. Room was clean but showed just a little bit of age and wear (nothing bad), earning 4 out of 5 points from us on cleanliness. The front desk was VERY helpful and friendly (Kudos to Rory). Nice lemon and orange water at the front desk when you return during the day. Coffee and tea available all day on the second floor. Fitness room is on the second floor as well as an ATM and the concierge, and two computer stations (free to print boarding passes). This is a GREAT place for a small family to spend for vacation or for a long term stay. The space is as big as most 1 BR apartments. Excellent east side location (less than 15 minutes walking to Grand Central, Times, Square, and Rockefeller Center). Earns a grade of A from us, four stars.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Stay	Stayed here for 3 nights and will happily stay again Location is close to subway, walking distance to most of the touristy places (Time Sq, 5th Ave, Central Park). Alamo car hire is just opposite. Room is luxurious, spacious, clean and very comfortable. We stayed in 3rd/5th floor so no view, but we also had no problem with noise. There was a safe and bar fridge in room. Staff: friendly and helpful, the doormen in particular left a deep impression. We were greeted with &quot;Have a great day Mam&quot; every morning and &quot;Welcome home Mam&quot; on returning to hotel every evening. A small gesture that left a lasting impression!Nice water-wall and orchids in the lobby. No free internet.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed at this hotel over Xmas 2008 and we had a great time. The service was really good and the staff very pleasant and helpful. Great location as was within walking distance to everything or if you want to use the subway it was close by ad well. Would stay there again. Only negatives were no free Internet access.	
Sep 20 2009 	Horrendous Service.	Upon arrival to the Affinia 50 I was thoroughly impressed with the cleanliness, and decor of the hotel. The room surpassed my expectations, being that I do work in a hotel. The stay was wonderful up until my checking out. Upon checking out I had asked the Front Desk staff, more specifically Rory Evans (the Front Desk Manager) if he could please hold on to our bags, and clothing that we had on hangers, while we pulled the car around. He without hesitation said &quot;No problem&quot; and took our things. After pulling the car around, we walked back into the hotel to pick up our things and to our shock, Rory was only able to return our bags to us, NOT our clothing. Rory explained to us in a very round-about way that our clothes had gotten confused with the laundry, and they were taken out to be cleaned (mind you, we were gone 5 minutes). I was extremely empathetic at first, realizing that mistakes do happen. However, my empathy ran dry when the situation was not being handeled correctly. Rory told me that he called the man who had picked up the laundry and that he would be returning &quot;quickly&quot;. Quick, by definition is not 15 minutes, espeically when I did have a flight to catch. What bothered me more was that as we were waiting in the lobby, we were NOT offered a drink, or even an apology, just a lot of &quot;He'll be here soon....&quot; When I asked Rory if he thought that it was a little odd that it was taking this long, and asked why I had not been offered a drink, his response was VERBATIM, &quot;I find it odd that you're RUDE and DISGUSTING&quot;.Like I said, I do happen to work in a Hotel and I know that at my hotel, this type of outrageous, classless, disrespectful behavior is not tolerated, nor is it by any means justifiable. This is the HOSPITALITY industry, and I am extremely disappointed in Affinia's service, being that it is ranked 25th out of 415 NYC hotels. I will definitely not be returning to this property, nor will I be recommending this hotel to anyone that may be looking for a hotel in NYC.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great Hotel	Loved our stay here. BIG room. Comfy beds. Slight noise at night from traffic/fire engines but it is New York. I took earplugs but I always take earplugs everywhere. 10 mins to a Times Square and 15 mins to Empire State. I would recommend 7day subway pass(great value), gets you everywhere.All in all a clean hotel in a good location and a good price to suit.	
Sep 10 2009 	Average overall good for NYC	The location is fine, in the heart iof midtown. I consider the hotel to be fair in terms of prices and service. There might be many better options in NYC in terms of price depending on the time of the year. Would recommend only if rates are below USD 200.	
Sep 9 2009 	doesn't get better than this	After a 13 hour flight to JFK and a couple of hours to clear airport procedures we arrived at the Affinia 50. From the very moment the shuttle pulled up in front of the Hotel, Bell Captain Mani and the Front Desk people made us feel very welcome and treated us with care, courtesy and consideration (given my 3 young boys were Jet-lagged and very very tired). We asked for suggestions for dinner and Mani gave us directions to a nice Italian restaurant a block away which was probably the nicest family run restaurant I've been to in years. Food was great, and fast although my youngest son eventually fell asleep right there on his chair, the restaurant manager took great care and made every effort to make sure we were served fast, with that special touch that made us feel like we were at home. After dinner we walked back to the Hotel with 1 kid still walking on his own while the other 2 fast asleep in our arms having to carry them back to the Hotel. On arrival at the Hotel, the Bell Captain helped us get to our rooms and even helped us carry our 9 year old who felt like lead in our arms. We got to our room and before we knew it Mani was gone and had quietly shut the door behind him. (I don't know what anyone says but that really impressed me that he didn't wait to for a tip).The Hotel room was just as had been decribed on the Hotel website. Very Nice room, very comfortable beds, clean bathroom, clean kitchen. No stains, funny odors, noises or anything to report on the negative side.The next day we went out to walk and explore and while chatting with the Bell Captain we mentioned that we were interested in a Broadway show but all the tickets we had looked at online were so very expensive. He immediately went to the Front desk counter, picked up a brochure and said &quot;here... Call this number&quot; which I did, and the very tickets we wanted were at half price. We really enjoyed Mamma Mia the musical..We stayed in NYC for 4 days and really enjoyed our visit. We will come back and the Affinia 50 will be our choice again.	
Sep 5 2009 	Modern swanky central hotel	We stayed at this hotel last summer and enjoyed our time there.The hotel was fairly compact, but felt quite luxurious. It was the first place we'd stayed at with a pillow menu (which we took advantage of). The concierge desk was helpful, as were the doormen (in particular, Roman) with their trademark hat doffing!For breakfast their recommendation of the Morning Star diner (only 5 mins walk away) was spot-on (if you go, try the Huevos Rancheros) - far friendlier than the diner almost next door to the hotel.The location of the hotel was good for tourist attractions and close to subway.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great location but very noisy	We were on the 10Th floor. The elevator was slow at time. We took the stair down. Our room faced the street and it was very noisy, even at 4:30 am. There is a Fire station one block over, so sirens could be heard all night. We ate breakfast in our room, which was great. Full size frig, microwave and stove, plus cutlery, dishes for 4 people. We found the room to be very clean, friendly staff, good size room. Location was excellent, 2 block to a grocery store, one block to the subway, a few minutes walk to various restaurants.	
Aug 27 2009 	Totally misrepresented	The room was dusty and run-down, definitely not how it was pitched on the Affinia website. For far less money you're better of staying at a Homewood Suites. At least you'd get a large, clean room. The staff was very nice though.	
Aug 26 2009 	Okay	My boyfriend booked this hotel as part of a surprise trip to NY (well he told me a couple of months before we went!). He said it was good value for NY considering the location which was excellent! The rooms are huge for Manhattan, however they are dated and not that clean (found dust, etc on the carpet and skirting boards. The view was awful and as it was on the side of the building the room was very dark. The bathroom was, however, lovely! The communal areas were also very nice esp the lounge.I would recommend this hotel for the value but the rooms do need a makeover.	
Aug 7 2009 	A fabulous suite in a great hotel with attentive staff	We stayed for 6 nights end July-early Aug 2009 for a city break. We payed $45 flat rate for a cab from JFK to the hotel which is on the corner of 50th and 3rd on the east side, in the midtown/upper east side area.WARNING- there is currently some work being done to the outside of the building by contractors due to city requirements so there may be building noise between the hours of 0900-1700. But I dont know how long this will go on for. Unfortunately this also meant that the terrace was out of bounds due to the structure of the contractors equipment.STAFFThe staff were all very helpful and attentive. They were great when we explained it was our anniversary and the manager left us a lovely card, champagne and nibbles in our room for our arrival. The maid happily made up the sofa bed one evening when we thought our niece may come and stay in the room, and there would've been plenty of room for this to sleep 4 people. The bed quickly folded away when not in use. The doorman will help you whenever you need it, getting cabs/your bags/directions etc, and there is a full concierge service on the second floor during the day. He can help you book tickets for theatre, sightseeing etc, and also helped us find things online we wanted to see without having to purchase the internet facility. We also found that all the staff were happy to help us locate restaurants, stores, sight seeing etc.ROOMWe got a great rate and then talked directly to the hotel about an upgrade which we got for only $30 more a night, so ended up with the top suite available (1bed deluxe suite 700sqft) for a really great price. We were on the 21st floor so the street noise didnt really bother us. The corner suite (room 2103) was massive with:fully controllable air con/heating in both main rooms.a huge, super comfortable bed, a kitchen with toaster, fridge/freezer,oven,dishwasher, and all pots pans etc for 4 people,dining area with table/seat for four, bathroom with bath/shower, hairdryer, and lit vanity mirror, (plenty of high pressure hot water)iron/board, two tv's with lots of channels/movies/sports etc, radio/cd alarm, programmable safe, full mini bar with drinks/snacks,and tons of windows and views over 3rd Avenue all the way uptown and downtown and down over 50th street and out over the Hudson River where we could see the tip of Roosevelt Island! We did have a terrace but this was out of bounds during the stay.I have to say it was one of the nicest beds I've slept in and the choice of pillows is great. The room doesnt have a coffee machine, but this is because the hotel's club room on the second floor has a pod coffee machine which is there all day (till 10pm I think) and so you can go and help yourself to drinks with disposable coffee cups/lids etc. If you're a coffee drinker, this alone would save you a fortune in starbucks!My husband used the fitness centre which is very well equipped, with free weights, machines and mats etc, as well as its own private bathroom, towels, tvs, water etc.The rooms decor was nice and although not brand new, it was only showing some very slight signs of age. It was very clean and comfortable and the lighting was very flexible to your requirements. The seating area had a large sofa bed as well as two armchairs and 2 ottoman type seats. There is also a full desk area with operator chair, laptop connections and telephone etc. The bedroom also had an armchair, chest of drawers, wardrobe space, and an ottoman, as well as bedside chests.LOCATIONThe location is good and is close enough to Times Sq etc to walk to in say 30mins but not too close to be over the top busy/pricey etc. Its literally one block from the Waldorf Astoria and a couple of blocks from Saks and 5th Avenue, Rockafella Centre etc etc in quite a good area of the city. There is a subway station at the opposite end of the block (51st station on the 6 line) and from there you are only a couple of stops from Union Sq which connects you to all the major lines. We walked around a lot very late into the evening (1am) and the area felt safe as there was still a lot of tourists/cabs etc still on the streets.EATINGWe walked east on 50th street to 2nd Avenue and this area has a couple of grocery stores and lots of restaurants which get quite busy with the corporate crowd. We ate at a restuarant called Zarelas which is authentic mexican cuisine and was a lovely meal and is a really cosy eclectic atmosphere. We also had frozen margaritas here.We also ate at a really really nice Pizza restaurant called Angelos at 55th and 2nd which was very busy and great authentic thin base pizza and pizza pie for a good price(considering the portions!). We then stopped off at Crumbs Bakery (nice cupcakes)on the way back to the hotel. On the corner of Lex and 50th there is a hotel called the Benjamin with a really nice bar/eatery called the Emery and we had a great cocktail and burger/steak there for a really good price. There is a large deli type store on the next corner to the hotel (corner of 52nd/3rd) and also a Macdonalds, Pax wholefood deli, Bagel restaurant, Mexian place, Japanese BBQ, new york diner and Indian which you can see from the hotel, as well as Smith and Wollensky's Steakhouse, but we didnt really use any of these. We didnt use the hotels breakfast buffet as it seemed expensive at $14 each. We went and bought juice and bagels instead and ate in our room. I cant think of much else you would like to know about the hotel but if you want to ask questions, I'm happy to try to assist.We would definitely go back to this hotel (indeed we did for one final night after a beach holiday during the same trip and they gave us another good rate) and would recommend the hotel and the area in which it is located. I think it would suit families very well as well as couples/business.	
Aug 5 2009 	Perfectly fine	I picked this hotel because it has suites, it isn't far from Times Square, and because of reviews on TripAdvisor. Oddly, since I picked it a few people have given mediocre reviews. However, we really had no problems. In fact, I was pleased by the size of the room and the kitchen. The bedroom is totally separate from the living room, Our son didn't complain about the sofabed (which means it had to be pretty good). The staff were really nice except it is true that some of the regular desk staff don't smile. Don't know why. But the bellman and doorman (actually different doormen at different times) were really nice and willing to go stand in the rain to get us a cab (twice). My only criticism is minor -- the bathroom counter is very small. There are shelves here and there so it worked out but this is not a nice 3 foot long counter where you can spread out your supplies. And it really does not fit two people at once. But everything worked fine. The kitchen is not totally new but really it was amazing to have a kitchen (including stove and full size fridge) at that price! We were pleased overall. By the way there is an amazing little pocket sized park about one block away, on 51st Street near 3rd Avenue -- quite magical, and it has a small concession stand.	
Aug 1 2009 	Disappointing stay	The location of the hotel is the one saving grace for the Affinia 50. We found the rooms to be dark, noisy and dated with poor customer service. I would not recommend it.	
Aug 1 2009 	Okay but there's gotta be better out there for the money	We chose ths hotel because it was rated 4 stars. I would not call this a 4-star hotel. On the up side, staff was helpful and curtious. The location was fabulous. Bed was very comfortable. Getting to choose from 6 different kinds of pillows was nice. On the down side: The carpet was old, so if you have dust mite allergies this is not the place for you. I had to take a daily Claritin. We were placed in a room that overlooked the air conditioning unit and had to listen to it all night long, as well as the elevator which was on the other side the wall. For some strange reason, housekeeping would not replace washcloths without being asked. There was a hole in the bathroom wall, and the calk around the tub was mildewed. We were charged for a candy bar that we did not eat, but the charge was taken off the bill without a problem. The room was charged to our credit card after we had already paid through Orbitz, but they took care of that also without any problem. Interestingly, they actually charged us less than what Orbitz charged us. Go figure.	
Jul 27 2009 	Disappointing and very noisy	This hotel is fine if you don't mind the terrible noise 24/7... even on the 12th floor. It's like sleeping outside. We even checked to see if the windows were left open or something! There is a firestation near the hotel so be prepared to hear sirens often. On our first night, we were awakened 7 times by fire trucks!!! There isn't much they can do about it besides changing all the windows...We had a one bedroom suite (1 king bed). We were told they had to change our one bedroom two beds reservation because of unexpected renovations. They did however provide a complementary roll-away bed to accomodate us. Upon arrival, we realized that they had bricklayers drilling from 9 to 5... Fortunatly for us, we planned to be out most of the time.Also, we had called in advance to make sure the kitchen would have pots and pans and everything else. They assured us that it was the case. Well, after 3 messages and two days we just got tired of asking... and ended up having to wash a plate after one of us was done since we were five in the room and we only had four plates. The room was large and well decorated. The sofabed was uncomfortable, even for small kids but the roll-away and the king size bed were fine. The bathroom was tiny and had some mildew near the window and around the bath and there were also black spots on the ceilling over the light fixture, plus there were some crumbles between the nightstands and the bed and a candy wrapper beside the sofa. The kitchen has seen better days and there was a bottle of orange juice that expired exactly a year ago in the minibar. I didn't even bother to look at the other stuff. They did give us a bottle of jellybeans and a bottle of water as a welcome gift. The jellybeans expired three months ago but the kids liked them anyway. Needless to say, we will not be back.	
Jul 24 2009 	Nice Hotel Shame about the Location	I've travelled to NYC many times, and stay in various different hotels, and when I saw a good rate for the Affinia 50, I couldn't refuse. The hotel was lovely, apart from the fact at 2.30pm they still couldn't check me in, it was clean, reasonably spacious, with comfortable beds.but it was the location that let it down. I walk around the corner, another hotel, a big corporate office, another hotel.. there isn't much around there for the discerning tourist. For the first time tourist you're probably happy, as you can walk out the hotel, the doorman will hail a taxicab for you, and you'll get whisked away to your tourist attraction, but for someone who has been to NYC many times, it just doesn't fit. The nearest bar is about 4 blocks away, and charging $7 for a beer, proves my point that it's aimed at tourists. I'd rather stay at a different hotel, in a different area, so when I do go for a beer, it'll be only $4. Nice hotel, shame about the locationM	
Jul 21 2009 	Affinia 50 good base for sightseeing and good night's sleep	Recently stayed at this property which was a great location for sightseeing; blocks from Rockefeller Plaza and &quot;Smith and Wollensky&quot; was in the next block. There were 2 couples in this double room but it was very comfortable. The room was large enough with deep pocket mattresses and clean, luxurious linens. There was a large desk and nightstand so, it was very adequate for lodging 4 adults. The only real drawback was that the bathroom was really small. Maybe all the rooms are different though. The lobby was clean and attractive although smaller than the web picture. There is a diner just a couple of doors up so we had a great breakfast choice. Staff was very courteous. I would stay here again and recommend it.	
Jul 19 2009 	What is that smell??	First for the good things: large room for midtown, very comfortable king size bed, room and bathroom were clean, convenient location. Now the not so good: the lobby smelled awful! It was there for the entire 5 days we were there. The doormen were friendly and efficient enough, but the front desk staffed spoke when spoken to, and did not offer any assistance or even a smile at all. No wifi, and the plug in internet costs $14/day and is sslllooooowwwww. I paid $297/night, and have gotten a much nicer midtown hotel for less.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Hotel	We recently stayed 4 nights in New York. I booked the room because I had 5 people and wanted the fold out in the room. The room was large included a small kitchen and had a good view of third avenue. The hotel doorman was delightful and playful with our children. The hotel is about 5 minute walk from Rockefeller Center and 10 minute walk from Times Square. The subway was just around the corner.I liked the extra room and queen size beds. The room was well kept and the value was good. The only down side was paying additional for breakfast, internet and parking. Hotels come across as cheap when they nickle and dime you on several things per day.Don't bring a car if you can. They charge you every time you take it out. BTW Most NYC hotels do this.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great location price service etc	Great place for the money. This is the biggest room I have ever stayed in while traveling to New York.Excellent service, comfortable bed, and quiet (we were on the 4th floor, our room was in the back of the hotel, not facing 50th Ave.We needed directions to a restaurant. The conceriege was leaving for the day but sat back down and patiently showed us how to get there via the subway- I always appreciate it when people go above and beyond.Great place, we will be back.Tip- there is great breakfast place around the corner on 51st &amp; Third Ave called &quot;Pax&quot;.Breafast for two (bagel with cream cheese, egg sandwich and two large iced cafe lattes and one bannana) for $15! I have eaten at places in midtown where that same meal would easily exceed $ 25	
Jul 12 2009 	Great location great hotel	Centrally located, within walking distance of shopping, restaraunts, and public transportation. Room was clean and comfortable. The Starbuck's in the lobby was also convenient. Overall, a great stay! Staff graciously accommodated both an early check-in and a late check-out. Would definitely stay again.	
Jul 9 2009 	Kids 1st Trip to NY	I &quot;researched&quot; this hotel till my fingers were numb. Was reluctant at first based on other NY hotel stays based on price/night. We reserved a Jr. Suite (had 5 traveling) with a balcony. I can definatly say that price does NOT reflect quality! I can say that we will be back later this year to view Xmas and stay at the Affinia 50	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Hotel to stay in when visiting New York	For the price this hotel was excellent value and suited our purposes fully. Although slightly dated, the rooms were clean and the king sized bed was really comfy. Staff were excellent and very friendly, both the concierges that we dealt with were very extremely helpful.The hotel was quite centrally located and so made travelling about New York both by foot and Metro really easy. Really enjoyed our stay and would have no hesitation in returning to this great little hotel	
Jul 5 2009 	Check in once and you're a member for life!!	For me, the little ad slogan for this hotel is definitely true, &quot;Check in once and you're a member for life.&quot; This was the first trip to New York for my family so I don't claim to have experience with any other accommodations there, but I don't think I would want to stay anywhere else, no matter how many other visits I make. It is not easy to find a hotel with room for a family of five and the price was absolutely wonderful ($207 a night for our junior suite). The room was very spacious, with the most comfortable beds and pillows (our two teens loved the ipod pillows). I am very picky about my bath/showers and have to have hot, hot water and was very pleased. The water temp and pressure was perfect for soaking after a long day of walking. And we walked almost everywhere - Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, and even Central Park - because the location was perfect. And the subway, including Grand Central was so close for those longer trips we made - to the Yankees Game, Statue of Liberty and Coney Island. The entire staff was so friendly and helpful. I got a note of apology when I called down the first night to get sheets and blankets for the sofa bed, even after I found that I was mistaken in thinking it had not been made up. My kids loved our night doorman so much that they wanted to offer him our extra Yankees ticket so he could go with us. He always greeted us by name with a warm &quot;Welcome home.&quot; While it is true that wifi is not free, airline check-in, including printing boarding passes and checking flight status is complimentary in the 2nd floor club room computers. This trip will be a very special memory for my children ... and the Affinia Fifty played a large role in making it a pleasant experience.	
Jun 29 2009 	A great place to stay in NYC	I met a longtime friend here for four days in NYC. We both took the redeye and arrived in NY very early in the morning. We got to our hotel, and of course, as I would expect, the room was not available. They gladly stored our luggage and called me on my cell phone when the room was ready. As some have noted, the lobby is unimpressive, and the hallways not wonderful, but I have to say the room was great. It was very large and even included a small kitchen. The shower was great w/ good water pressure. We both found our beds to be very comfortable. The staff couldn't be more helpful; in fact, the doorman greeted us each time as if we were family. The location was wonderful within a couple of blocks of Rockefeller Center and close to a couple of subway stations.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great Spot - Would Definitely Go Back Again	Really liked this hotel. Rooms were spacious and clean, had all the usual amenities. Staff were really friendly, esp. the doormen, they were really helpful with shopping tips etc. Only a block away from bus tour stop. Across the street from Smith &amp; Wollensky's Steak House - Great Place for Burgers and Steaks - really good! We had booked a smaller room and the rest of our party were in suites, but when we were checking in the hotel upgraded us to a suite aswell! Things are really easy to get to anyway but only a couple of blocks away from 5th Avenue for all those Shoppers! Only down side was that it didn't have a bar in the hotel or restaurant. Didn't bother me, more opportunity to try other places	
Jun 24 2009 	It is possible to have a roomy hotel room in NYC!	I used to live in this area a few years back, and I don't know how Affinia50 managed to offer up such large rooms for a value!?? How do they do it? I loved this hotel for its boutique-y feel, but the space alotted was hardly on the small, boutique side of things. I still had space to walk around-- even with a large desk, 2 queen beds, and a bedside table...I was reminded of an upscale Hilton or other chain; but you feel the warmth and the personality of the hotel here versus the sterile and robotic nature of those chains.The staff was extremely pleasant and made our stay absolutely flawless. The doorman was even able to hail a cab in torrential downpour (that's a talent)! Their recommendations for local restaurants is on point too...head to Zarella's for absolutely dangerous margaritas (seriously, one is enough!), Dos Caminos for its popularity, or Blockhead's for 'cheap and cheerful' (their margarita/sangria mix is fantastic!!). 1st avenue is lively and doesn't disappoint on other bar options too. I love midtown manhattan, and love/hate coming to this city. I hate searching for an above par hotel, without the above par price. This hotel is a hidden gem, and I will be staying here for years to come! Onwards with my love/love now for this city!!	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Hotel	We are picky about hotels, and this one passed the test big-time. we stayed in a regular room, and it was plenty big. the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was nice. the hotel was quiet, and staff was helpful. we got a great deal from a discount website, which made it even better. this hotel is a great value and is as nice as any sheraton or marriot. and the location is perfect. can't recommend the hotel more.	
Jun 13 2009 	Affinia 50 made us feel at home	We booked this hotel for our new York trip based purely on the rating on here.We arrived late in the evening. This was my 1st trip to the Us.We were greeted by name outside the hotel and made to feel really welcome straight away.Going up to the room we were surprised and really pleased.The staff were very helpfulThe bellboys were excellent at helping usWe will be staying here again on our next tripMany thanks	
Jun 11 2009 	Two close people can see things differently sometimes...	I often agree with my wife on many issues, but we have different ideas of leisure, so we see travel in different ways. She likes pampering and perfection - after all, she can get a really nice room at our house... She wants the best!Me, I need a bit of adventure and stimulation. NYC is my kind of place and I'm generally happy when I'm there, but I was particularly happy with this trip. The hotel used to be an apartment building which was re-done in a way that makes one feel more at home than at a hotel. This is clearly by design, as the staff is prepped and ready to treat guests in a more familiar manner. &quot;Welcome Home&quot; is indeed heard here. We stayed in a deluxe suite with a balcony on the 18th floor for a very reasonable price. We could smell the aroma of Japanese BBQ, Spanish/Mex, Italian, and, no kidding, Smith &amp; Wollensky's - all across the street. Subway stations are no more than 3 blocks away, and there are several to choose from, so you can go where you need to easily and efficiently - just like a real New Yorker. I took photos that could be sold in galleries from that patio. The area is very dynamic, and the hotel is simply perfectly poised from my perspective.Are there annoyances? Things like loose commodes (fully functional) and a patio door (to a $2 Million view) that doesn't lock well without attention, don't bother me. You can smoke a round of Cohibas with six friends without guilt on that balcony. I felt comfortable knocking on my neighbor's door to ask if that would bother them. After all, that's the way the building was designed - to accomodate a community. The most deeply felt outcome of this hotel's agenda is that guests truly feel at home here. We arrived at a point when construction was in progress on the 16th floor. I had several casual conversations with guys hanging from scaffolding and setting up rigging that reminded me of my days in the Navy. I also learned about 30 new words in Spanish... it really was the most warm and relaxing experience imaginable for me, in this particular area of Manhattan. Maybe it brought back memories for me... maybe it brought back memories of dreams. Regardless, I will remember this hotel experience fondly. Thanks ya'll.bl	
Jun 1 2009 	Perfect Location and very gracious staff	We have stayed here and the Benjamin every time we come to NYC. We come every year the same weekend. The rates were very fair so I purchased 3 nights stay. Usually we only stay two nights because it can get expensive but the rates were better than last year by a lot. We purchased a one bedroom deluxe suite because we wanted some more room because our teenage daughter would be joining us. We were able to check in a bit early which I was grateful for. We got to our room and the people who had previously stayed in our room smelled the whole room up with cigarettes. This is a no smoking hotel. I found a soap dish on the balcony filled with cigarette butts. The room smelled horrible. When the bellman Lenny who was very nice brought us our bags he too could smell the smoke. He said he would be right back. He told management downstairs of our situation and we were moved. He gave us a choice of two rooms and we chose one. About ten minutes into our new room there was a knock on the door. It was a woman who brought us complimentary jelly beans and a bottle of wine with a lovely note. Even though I was pleased that we had been moved to another room it was not as large and nice as the first smokey one. I went downstairs to speak to the woman at the desk to tell her the room was nice but not what I had expected because I have stayed there before and I knew the type of room I had purchased. The hotel was booked solid for the weekend and there were no more rooms available. A moment later the Director of Front Office Operations came out. His name was Joseph Rauer and he was very lovely. He apologized again and said I have one room available that is not in use if you would like it. We are doing some construction on the balcony but it can still be used. He took us to the room which was exceptional! It was the room of all rooms in the hotel. We loved it and it was perfect. Big and beautiful with views to kill. We were treated lovely by all of the staff including everyone from front desk, bellmen, staff opening the doors for you etc... I love the size of this hotel because it is quieter than most I am sure. The location is superb as you can walk everywhere. We ate at A fabulous restaurant every night that we were able to walk to. We even were able to check out at 12:00pm instead of 11:00 which is the actual check out. This is why I come here year after year. It is because they always make sure that our stay will be comfortable and welcoming. Cheers to you for a job well done! See you next year!	
May 30 2009	Good hotel but could be better for the price	This was my third trip to NYC, but the first one for my friends. The hotel is very well situated near 2 different subway lines. Plenty of taxi are also available. We had a 2 queen bed 1 bath suite with (old) kitchen on the 15th floor. Overall, the room was OK: beds were decent, we appreciated having a fridge for drinks, yogurts and other stuff, and the level of noise was pretty good for NYC standard. However, the room could have been cleaner, especially the carpet. We also add a problem with the toilet that was not fixed during our stay. It has annoying to manually fix the flush every now and then...Finally, no free Internet even in the lobby ! That is a shame for the price you pay at the hotel... I mean 1$ bus company offer free wifi.	
May 29 2009 	You Will Love this Hotel	Celebrated my 50th B-day in NYC - this was our first trip there. We LOVED this hotel.We had a 1 bedroom suite that had 2 Queen beds in the bedroom and a pull out sofa bed. We had my two sons ages 17 and 21 with us. We had plenty of space to co exist.It was so nice to be able to be together and not book two separate rooms. The kitchenwas nice to have for breakfast and snacks. There was plenty of closete and storagespace too. The staff was VERY freindly - and always &quot;welcomed you home&quot; from a long day of sightseeing. The housekeeping service was also great and even brought me a vase for my flowers I bought at the market. Beds were very comfortable - especiallly the pillows. Great lounge area on the 2nd floor too.Great location to everything - shops and sights. Bought the New York Pass from the concierge - and am glad I did. I was going to buy theCity Pass - but this is so much better. We got to see and do everything we wanted to and not wait in lines. We liked eating in the Hell's kitchen area - great food for a reasonable price -Great NY bagel shops - Essa Bagels accross the street.Cannot wait to return - Have Fun	
May 29 2009 	Good value but not my first choice	I stayed here for two weeks in November for work and my stay was fine but don't think I'd stay here again. The rooms are very big for NYC standards and has a kitchen too (a pretty old one that I don't think I'd ever use but it was nice having a fridge for drinks) but everything in it was a little worn and could certainly use an update. But for $200-250 a night, it's pretty cheap for NYC standards. The main reason I'm not likely to go back is that I didn't always feel so secure there. After 11 at night, every night, there is no staff in the lobby and only a sign that says &quot;guests only past 11pm&quot; which isn't much of a deterrent in my mind. Now, I really think NYC is a very safe place (I used to live there for nine years) and if it was for a couple days, I'd be fine with it but when I go to NYC for work, I stay for two weeks by myself so I'd rather stay somewhere else when I do.	
May 28 2009 	Excellent overall hotel	It,s not a big hotel, but have a nice classy style, great service from front desk to house keeping, the junior suite's rooms are spacious, cleanliness is great, well located and great value.	
May 21 2009	Would return again and again!	I researched many hours for a good hotel in NYC. I chose Affinia 50 because of the 99% great reviews by tourists. I agree. The price was not overly high. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The concierge Sid made time to help us before the visit (via email) and upon arrival in person. I needed a real fridge (for freezinfg meds) and when I made the reservations was told I would have to store meds in staff fridge and only have a small cooler fridge in room. Upon arriving I was told, without me asking, that they were giving me a room with a kitchen! I was amazed and grateful. Then, was also so pleasantly surprised to arrive at a very neat, lovely, plush, clean and inviting, good sized room on the 6th floor. We had 2 queen beds and a choice of pillows! I traveled with my almost 12 yr. old grandson. He was excited also. On the evening we arrived we went to the corner small grocery and got some items tro eat for breakfast each morning, (saving us money at a restaurant). The noise level was low with basic traffic sounds facing 3rd Av. I brought my wave machine (as I usually do) which helped drown out anything else. We stayed 3 nights and would return to Affinia 50 whenever in NYC.	
May 12 2009 	Great location and value	When deciding where to stay for our trip into the City, we couldn't pass up the good reviews on Tripadvisor and extremely affordable cost at the Affinia 50.First, my negatives...After checking in we had to wait for the elevator to get to our room, it took about two minutes for one to stop for us. This was my biggest complaint about the hotel, we were constantly waiting for an elevator; at least a few minutes each time. The only other complaint we had was that the room was quite warm; even though we had the thermostat set on 68 degrees in never got cooler than 73 degrees in the room.The good parts include the hotel's location, it was very clean, the room was pleasantly decorated, the bathroom was renovated with modern fixtures and our room was not facing the street so it was very quiet. The best aspect was the price. I don't think you can match the affordability anywhere else.	
May 5 2009 	Noisy and a little rundown	I booked a reasonable rate direct through the hotel website, it was not a priceline or hotwire booking. On checking in I had a room on the 4th floor, right outside the window about 6 feet away was a massive industrial air conditioning unit which 24/7 produced a level of noise consistent with sitting up the tail section of a jet aircraft. I inquired to as we could change rooms and was told because of the rate we paid we were limited to the bottom 4 or 5 floors all of which were full (no mentioned when booking on theirwebsite).The carpet and hallway on this floor was fairly worn. It took forever and a day to get a lift down as the lift dedicated to these bottom 5 floors was out of order and the lifts for the upper 20 or so floors were generally full or didn't even stop on the 4th floor even though you pushed the button.Overall its in a good location and was an OK hotel but if you book what you think is a good deal make sure you bring your ear plugs.	
May 5 2009 	AMAZING!	We stayed her on our first trip to new york. THis hotel is great but basic but it has the BEST LOCATION! It is in the middle of the action. Near a subway, and within walking distance to nearly everywhere. 5th ave was so close!!!! The staff was friendly and would give directions!******HIDDEN BONUS!!!!****, down the street there is a little corner restorante called lasagna. We went a few times! Amazing! YOu could sit out on the sidewalk and have a nice CHEAP meal while watching the city go by! Located 941 Second Ave, Corner of 50th street) just a few blocks over! TRY IT! It was very cheap, clean and the best food ever.THe rooms are so silent! We didnt hear a noise all night, which was a big concern for us in new york! Silent rooms!The doorman was so cool! He would great me everytime i left and came in!Oh and for all the new york city first timers the city is SO safe! We saw 15 year olds in mini skirts walking their dogs at 11pm! The police are everywhere! They have a real presence!	
May 1 2009 	Great Place Great Price!	My fiance and I recently went to NYC on a little weekend getaway, and had gotten a GREAT deal on this hotel. It was everything you could ask for, CLEAN, friendly staff, AMAZING location. We would absolutely reccomend this to anyone!	
Apr 20 2009 	Congratulation for that great work and service keep it up.	I’ve used this Hotel for several years now; I only had great service, very nice room for its price and great location.Congratulation for that great work and service, keep it up.Saludos cordiales Pascal Tissot.	
Apr 20 2009 	Awesome sevice!!!!!!	This hotel is one of the best in the city. Not the flashiest or the most well known but, definitely one of the best. You can not beat the attention to detail or service in this place. I have travled quite a bit and have stayed in 5 star resorts and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised that this hotel met every need. I have Obsessive Compulsive Disorder and cleanliness is high on the order for me and this hotel delivered. Just ask and they will provide almost anything. My family and I will always stay at this hotel when we visit the city. By the way, one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. (Visit Essa Bagle accross the street) best bagles in town.) Hotel is close to everything! If your willing to venture a bit further to the Upper West Side (near the Natural History Museam) be sure to visit Zabbar's it is one of the best gourmet food emporium's in the city. Take advantage of the subway system and don't forget to stroll through Central Park! My favorite place in New York!	
Apr 18 2009 	Everybody is right!	We booked on the strength of the reviews here. All we can do is echo the previous comments - the hotel is excellent. My wife, two grown up kids &amp; I stayed for 6 nights in 2 studio rooms on the 10th floor. Both rooms were very large, spotless &amp; the kitchenette came in handy for the couple of early starts we had.Yes there is a charge of $7.50 for bottle water but we were supplied with 2 complimentary bottles to start with &amp; there are 2 shops within 50 yards of the hotel and 2 supermarkets within 150 yards, so it's not really an issue.The only gripe is the charge for using the internet in the Club Room - $6.50 for 15 minutes - rather steep.Apart from that no complaints at all &amp; it was was nice to be greeted, everytime you returned to the hotel, by the doorman with 'Welcome Home' - I think that sums it up perfectly.I would recommend the hotel to everybody &amp; we would certainly stay again.	
Apr 11 2009 	Excelent hotel!	This hotel is very well located, near 5th ave, central park and other atractions. The rooms are very big , comfortable, clean, and have a small kitchen. The breakfast is very good and has good price. The staff are kind and helpfull. I definitely would stay there again.	
Apr 11 2009 	Comfortable hotel good location	Stayed for 5 nights with my wife for our 3rd trip to NYC. Decent location on corner of 50th and 3rd (same avenue as Rockerfeller Plaza) so a manageable walk to pretty much anywhere Uptown and decent subway links only a couple of blocks away. Hotel pretty quiet, apart from building works early on first morning (from 7am) for which the manager left a note under the door very apologetic and it didn't happen again!Good comfortable rooms, very clean, massive great bed! Hotel lounge on 2nd floor is nice for relaxing but no bar which is a bit of a shame (but P.J.Clarkes on 55th and 3rd just up the road is highly recommended for drinks and food - try the blueberry crumble, wow!). A friend recommended this to me after staying there and although not the cheapest I would definitely pass this on too.	
Apr 10 2009 	Affinia 50 delivers!	As many guests I chose Affinia 50 after reading the positive reviews in this site. I expected great location, a very clean room, a comfortable bed, a spotless bathroom and a good TV. I got that and more. The first room I got when I checked in was very noisy, it was in a floor that was undergoing renovation, but the manager, Mr. Brian Gehlich, immediately took care of it and I was upgraded to a suite in the 15th floor without questions. The front desk staff is attentive and polite, the doormen are fantastic, as well as the maintenance personnel, and, again, Mr. Gehlich goes the extra mile to make you feel comfortable. One negative point (the only one I can think of) is that the internet service is not included in the room rate.Other than that Affinia 50 is excellent and I'd definitely choose it again.	
Apr 6 2009 	We loved it and would stay here again	I recently traveled to New York with my wife and two teenage daughters. We arrived at the Affinia 50 on March 30 and departed on April 2nd. We were a bit nervous at first as the lobby is small as is the elevator and the hallway is narrow. All of our nervousness went away as we opened the door to our room on the 16th floor. The room was huge with a large balcony and kitchen. It was an end unit with windows on two sides including a window in the bathroom. It was very clean and the housekeeping staff kept it that way during our 3 night stay.The location is awesome. There is a market 1.5 blocks away so I bought items for breakfast and we ate in the room which saved us qute a bit. We walked to most things from the hotel (rock center, central park, time square) and there are two subway stops within a block or two.The evening wine reception was great and the staff was very friendly.Only two things I would like to see: 1) free wireless internet in the rooms, 2) a lower price for the continental breakfast as it would have cost us $60 each morning.I would recomend the hotel and plan on staying there on my next visit.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great stay with wonderful attention to detail	We booked this hotel after reading other favourable reviews here. Wanted somewhere in the heart of Downtown area that was reasonable value.We had a series of e-mails confirming everything before we arrived, right down to ordering buckwheat pillows - which are very good...I had read one review which said that the windows in some of the Double/Double rooms were very small -giving the room very little day light. I mentioned this after booking and on arrival found that we had been given a complimentary upgrade to a small suite (meaning it had a full kitchen). The room was comfortable, although I could not get the heating down as low as I wanted, and had to resort to opeing the window.One small but annoying point is that this hotel charges $10 a day for wi fi - this is a strange thing in 2009 - the charges should be dropped.Overall a very good stay and I would certainly return when next in New York.	
Apr 2 2009 	Our first trip to NY was great thanks in part to our experience at Affinia 50	My family of 4 made our first trip to NYC last week and was very pleased with the selection we made on the hotel. We selected Affinia 50 mostly due to the reviews here in trip advisor. We were a little apprehensive as we had not knowledge of what it would be like, but, we were really please with the location, service, and treatment we received. I would definately go back to this hotel if I return to NY.	
Apr 2 2009 	Good Value	I have stayed in New York a few times for both work and leisure. Typically value for money means staying in a very small room with limited facilities and a less than ideal location. I found the Affinia 50 to be very good value. Great location, excellent rooms and good facilities. While the Aus exchange rate makes finding a cheap place difficult in NY at the moment, I would suggest looking at the Affinia 50 based on 'return on investment'.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great hotel with fantastic staff who went out of their way to make a birthday trip special.	I can't think of anything negative to say about the Affinia 50. I had told them it was my partner's birthday and first time in New York, so had requested a high-up room with a view if possible. Not only did they give us a 20th-floor room with balcony, they also welcomed us with a bottle of champagne on ice, free of charge. The room was spacious and clean, the bed comfortable and the balcony very large with a great view over to the river a few blocks east. All the staff were friendly and more than helpful. I'm only sorry we didn't make it to the wine reception on the Thursday night..	
Mar 30 2009 	Would definitely return to this hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights recently with my sister and our friend, and we were very pleasantly surprised. We were aiming to do New York on a budget, and found this hotel reasonably priced, in a good location,so decided to give it a go. On arrival, staff were very friendly and check-in was quick. We were pleased with our room on the 9th floor which we were sharing- it was very spacious, with a kitchenette facility. Throughout our stay the room was kept very clean. We found the the staff to be very friendly and keen to help (much more so than a lot of hotels we have visited in the U.K for a similar price!), although if being picky,on our last day (Sunday), there were some different members of staff on who didn't seem quite so helpful as we had been used to the rest of the week. The location was excellent for our sightseeing and exploring. As we were out and about most of the time, we didn't get much time in the club room until our last day (unfortunately, as it's very nicely designed and is the ideal place to chill out). The hotel runs cheese and wine evenings here throughout the week, so would've been nice to have gone to that. All in all, we were very pleased with all that this hotel had to offer and had no complaints whatsoever. I would definitely recommend, and would stay here again if returning to N.Y.	
Mar 26 2009 	Perfect Perfect Perfect!	We stayed at the Affinia 50 from the 18th to 22nd March and had a fantastic time. From the moment we checked in we felt very much at home. The check-in girl (didn't get her name) was extremely accomodating and friendly, as were the concierge and bellmen. We didn't spend any time in the club room, too busy out exploring the city, but it looked stunning, very modern and bright.Our room was huge and clean, even had a little kitchen. The hotel itself was in an ideal location, round the corner to the subway. You can also pick up the tour bus one block away. Well within walking distance to many attractions. There is also a nice little deli a few doors away (very busy though).We would certainly recommend this hotel and will be back ourselves soon. We are already planning our next trip, this time with the kids!	
Mar 25 2009 	Ruined My Sisters Last Night Out	Me and my friends were asked to leave the hotel at 4 in the morning or they were going to call the cops. The four of us were talking and laughing, no radio, no TV, and it was too LOUD for the lady across the hall. We were in a 1 bedroom suite that sleeps 6, so why did me and my girlfriends have a noise problem. Never knew there would be a problem talking and laughing. Worst hotel ever. The management is horrible. Cant believe how ridiculous a hotel can Be.	
Mar 24 2009 	Awesome!	We just returned from four nights at the Affinia 50. We had an amazing stay. The rooms were large and very comfortable and clean. The location was great - within walking distance to many sites. We had 2 adults and 4 kids and it was great. The price was extremely reasonable - especially for a suite hotel in New York. There was even a small kitchen which was nice for drinks and snacks. The staff was very nice and accomodating. I would definitely recommend this hotel and plan to stay here in the future!	
Mar 23 2009 	Outstanding service	Not one negative thing to say. Booked a 1 BR suite for 2 adults and 4 kids and had lots of room. Small kitchen was great for morning and lunch. Club room was enjoyed by kids to watch TV. Concierge was helpful with restaurant tips. All service by all staff was pleasant and helpful. Beds comfortable, bathroom clean, couch comfortable. It isn't very often that you can find a room in NYC that will fit this many so easily at such a great rate. This isn't top of the line luxury but it is a cut above most hotels at this price range and it is worth it for the incredibly friendly service.	
Mar 20 2009 	Disappointing overall	A disappointment, esp. for the price. The midtown east location is great, the size of the room was spacious for NYC, and the bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in. Otherwise, it was a huge disappointment. Check-in and check-out were inefficient and took forever. The lobby is tiny and unimpressive, and then when you get upstairs you're disappointed further as you look at hallways and carpeting that obviously has never been updated. I'm not sure if this is true of every floor, but it was of mine. With that, I was anxious to open the door to the room. The room wasn't bad but didn't even have a flat screen! The bathroom was alright, until I tried to take a shower and the water wouldn't drain. The hotel's club room is actually very nice and spacious -- I actually spent hours hanging out there, watching tv because I didn't want to be in my room! I didn't eat at the hotel, but found it weird that the hotel's room service is provided by a restaurant across the street. The waiter literally covers your tray with a napkin and crosses 50th with it. This hotel isn't worth the price -- there are others in NYC that offer far more.	
Mar 16 2009	Great as long as you don't stay in a room without windows	My mom and I visited for a long weekend in March. We booked our trip on priceline. We checked in late at night and were put into a room with tiny windows near the ceiling, so bascially the same as no windows and it was very hot with no AC or ability to open windows. It was on the 2nd floor. We felt clausterphobic and hot, so we complained and then were moved to a wonderful one bedroom suite on the 9th floor. It was wonderful! They are very nice and accomodating. Customer service is clearly their goal. The hotel is in a wonderful location to explore the city via subway or walking. Overall, we had a great trip, and would stay here again, as long as we weren't on 2nd floor.	
Mar 16 2009 	Doesn't live up to the hype...	Another disappointing stay based on reviews from Tripadvisor I'm afraid. I guess the best summary is what I read in a few other reviews that basically say its &quot;acceptable&quot;. This is definitely a 3-star hotel at best and based on my travels all over the world, that's about as good as this one rates. I stayed there for 6 days last week. Location is fine; NY is always noisy so I can't really complain (I was on the 20th floor). The main disappointment is that the hotel didn't live up to the reviews and certainly not to the photos. The rooms were tired looking with relatively worn down carpets and interiors. The lobby is pretty plain and non-inviting. I will give them credit though for the 2nd floor area as it looks much nicer. I chose the best room that was available to me (Deluxe - One Bedroom Suite) so I would assume that this was the best Affinia 50 had to offer. The living room was half the size I expected, certainly half of the photo on the website. The furniture is more dated and not as clean, with crumbs in the sofa and some odd trash under it as well. To me the carpets are horrible. They felt worn down and a little dirty (I went out and bought bedroom slippers after the first day). I know this probably sounds petty, but the truth is I haven't stayed in a hotel in the past 6 months that didn't have flat-screen TVs. This didn't. Especially in a Deluxe Room - this is massively disappointing. Every NY hotel I stayed in over the past 12 months (about 5 different ones) has a flat screen and importantly, corresponding HD channels. I literally had to go across the street to a Sports bar to enjoy TV - hey, it is 2009. Regardless of the price, this advertised itself as an &quot;Executive Club Suite&quot; and I would say I have yet to stay in any Executive room or Club or Suite that is as outdated. A kitchen in a hotel room sounds like a good idea, but it has its plus and minuses. This one wasn't very clean. The fridge in particular scared me because there was some mold at the bottom so I just kept some drinks in there at the top. My Internet never worked (connection kept saying that only certain rooms had Internet connection and that I needed to check with the hotel - which I eventually gave up on and just used the free WiFi signal from the hotel next door!)To make up for the small living room though, the bedroom was quite large. But it was ridiculous to have such an enormous bedroom with an extremely small bathroom. I couldn't believe how tiny it was. I'm not a big person, but I can't imagine how anyone over 6 foot or 180 pounds could manouever in there. Worse, the towels are very worn out and some smelled soiled/dirty. Also, I could hear my neighbours from within the bathroom.Service was very mixed too. Housekeeping never replaced any of the toiletries (even toilet paper!) until I complained - twice. The front desk staff is mixed. I had a great check-in and they were very helpful at the very end. But during my stay, I talked to two staff members about extending my stay and each one tried to pass the buck and tell me to ask the next manager on duty. The front-door men/bellhop guys were great, probably because I tipped them reasonably well when I checked in and they remembered.This was at the end of a round-the-world trip and this was my 4th hotel on the trip. It was definitely the worst and yet one of the more expensive (who would believe I paid less in London for a much better hotel). I travel to NY about 3-4 times a year and this was one of the more disappointing ones. I think I would have traded in the &quot;size&quot; of a &quot;suite&quot; for the comfort of others (comparing this room/hotel to the ones that I stayed in the last few times). I paid US$240 a night and for that price, there are plenty of better options out there. Tripadvisor got this one wrong - I don't see how this rates as high as it does.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great stay in NY	Stayed here for 4 nights and was very impressed. Very friendly and helpful staff, good value for money for NYC. Lots of options for dining nearby. Traffic noise was a bit loud, and I was on the 15 floor, but that is NYC for you. The only thing stopping me from giving 5 stars is that housekeeping was a bit hit and miss. Twice, they just tossed the covers over the bed and didn't bother to straighten up anything else. Very good high speed internet for a hotel (for a fee). A bit of a hike to the theater in the evening but nothing you can't manage in a good pair of shoes.	
Mar 6 2009 	Perfectly acceptable hotel	I stayed here for the weekend and chose it on the back of the reviews on this site and the very reasonable rate. The location was good for me, minutes away from Grand Central and Fifth Avenue, and it was therefore a good base from which to explore the City in either direction. It's not the Ritz, but is a perfectly acceptable good hotel for the price. Doormen were very friendly and helpful as was reception. Rooms were big enough, clean and comfortable. Unfortunately my room had only high level windows which I could not see out of, so was dissappointed not to have any daylight or any view - that being said it meant I could not hear the sounds of the city, and I had exceptionally peaceful sleep. I'm sure that most of the rooms have better windows! If you are on a budget I would recommend it - there's nothing wrong with the hotel, and it has everything you need if you going to be exploring the city and need a comfortable room to return to.	
Mar 5 2009 	Great location to explore Manhattan	The hotel is in a perfect location in Midtown Manhattan from which to explore the island.All the essential sights are available within walking distance and a Metro card will make for great mobility from the hotel.The staff are friendly and there is no problem with bringing food in or having pizzas delivered!The hotel could do with a bit of a lick of paint, but that aside, this is an excellent place to be in NY and we would certianly return.	
Feb 27 2009 	Good value for the location	My first time at this hotel recently and I would recommend it. The lobby is small but functional, (its not meant to hang around in for long, which is fine by me). The staff was very friendly, especially for New York. The room was clean and quiet, and there are a host of restaurants in the area of all types. This is not a full service hotel with a restaurant, spa, etc. but for those who know their way around New York its a great place to stay.	
Feb 27 2009 	Best hotel to be	I choose this hotel on 2006 for my friends and their kids from France. they fell in love with it right away. the room was amazing, the staff top notch, you really feel home my friends have been coming every year and right now they are visiting until March 2 09I assumed that any Affinia in New York City have the same standard than Affinia 50, wrong I learned that my the hard way when I reserved Affinia Manhattan. and the staff, the room far good than Affinia 50.Any way, Affinia 50 is my favorite and so fare I have been referring it to many of my friends.	
Feb 27 2009 	Wow This is my spot to stay in NYC from now on!	What can I say but the experience that several of our friends stayed there and we really enjoyed the entire package. Jeffifer Martir who was the Club Concierge was so helpful on so many recommendations for our party. The entire front desk staff was great and did whatever they could to help us get to were we needed to go..... So the short and sweet of this is YES this is my home away from home....	
Feb 27 2009 	Wonderful hotel and excellent location!	I stayed at Affina 50 with a group of friends for a weekend trip to NYC. I was amazed at the quality for the price. I had mostly stayed in hostels so far in NY, since regular hotels tend to be extremely overpriced. We paid $190 for a large room (3 people, so we paid only $65/person, including all fees and taxes) with two queen size beds. The size of the room was amazing for any standards, but for NY it was almost unbelievable. Our bathroom was also huge and we had a full kitchen, which we didn't use, but for someone on an extended stay would be very useful. The beds were comfortable with nice bedding. Everything was clean and comfortable, we slept really well. The staff was pleasant and helpful. We didn't use any of the amenities since we only stayed for 1 night, but the hotel made a very positive impression on me. You can walk to Park Ave and 5th Ave. We had Broadway tickets and we just walked to Broadway! There is a nice nightclub right next to the hotel, so we partied all night long and in 5 sec we were back in our hotel. No need to pay for taxi! I am going to NYC again in April and I've already made my reservation for Affina 50!	
Feb 25 2009 	Perfect Valentines Weekend at Affinia 50	All the excellent reviews you read for this hotel are very true. Staff are extremely nice, in particular the doormen, a very warm welcome every evening with a smile and time for a chat. We stayed in a guest room - bed very comfy, room clean and spacious - a little noisy with all that traffic but after all it is New York plus we were so tired after long days out we didn't take much notice of it. Club room is a fantastic idea for the guests - we arrived on a Thursday and on that evening from 6-7pm there was the usual wine and cheese/crackers but also being so near to Valentines Day they provided the best tasting cupcakes I have ever tasted. This was a dream weekend for me, New York is a fantastic City and I will definitely be returning.	
Feb 20 2009 	Fab Hotel Great Staff Good Location	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Affinia 50, the hotel is unlike any city hotel I've stayed at, the staff are so friendly and go out of their way to help, with great advice on getting around, eating and general tips and advice about the big apple. The doormen are extremelyh helpful, they get to know their guests very quickly and as you approach the hotel they recognise you and greet you with a welcome home which is a lovely touch. There are plenty of restaurants and bars nearby and a fantastic diner a few doors away from the hotel which we used for breakfast every day. The rooms we had were large and well equipped the view wasn;t the best but we really didn't care about that, the beds were amazingly comfortable. We'd like to thank Lenny the doorman for organising a transfer back to the airport for us saving us over $100. A tip he gave us was to ring the hotel before arrival they could then arrange airport tranfers, we booked transfers in the UK and it was extremely expensive $200. Will definately stay again.	
Feb 19 2009	Very impressive	Our stay at Affinia 50 was fabulous. We arrived at noon and our room was ready, complete with our special pillow requests. We had a studio room with a small kitchen, which was sooo convenient. Everything was clean, the beds and pillows were super comfy, and the bathroom had Aveda products--very nice. There was street noise--it is NYC, after all--but the hotel itself was very quiet. The location is great. Affinia 50 is within walking distance of many attractions, including Rockefeller Center, Times Square, the U.N., and Central Park. Plus, there is a subway station a block away. There's also a little grocery store nearby called Azure, which was very handy since we had the kitchen in our room. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York.	
Feb 19 2009 	Used towels in our room!	This hotel has a nice location. Although the room is cramped, old and it's not good value for money. We had a lamp with no light bulb (which they never came to repair), and also we had the other guests' dirty towels in our bathroom when we arrived. It took them two phone calls and about 30 minutes to come and give us clean towels.We wouldn't consider this hotel again.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great value comfort throughout will gladly return	I stayed for 3 nights for a combination business/leisure trip. The Affinia is not a super-luxury hotel, but the rooms are huge, the price is right (by NYC standards) and the staff is friendly and efficient. The beds are very comfortable. The bathrooms are not luxurious but big and clean, and they have a very nice constant-temperature faucet assembly that makes showers and baths more enjoyable. Lobby is smallish and nothing to speak of, but the club room on the 2nd floor is very nice.Proxmity to the 6 and E subway lines makes this a decent hotel even for Javits convention attendees (east side hotels are problematic without subway nearby because of crosstown traffic.)	
Feb 16 2009 	Loved the affinia 50! didn't want to leave!	I agree with all the positive reviews of this hotel - it is a gem! I had booked this as a surprise for my mum and dad for christmas and upon arrival our room was upgraded from a guest room to a studio suite, which was fantastic as it meant we had a kitchen. Although we didn't use this to cook anything the hotel provide you with everything you would need if you did wish to cook in the room. We found the hotel to be spotless, our room was cleaned everyday and we were provided with extra towels etc.I had previously stayed at the Affinia Dumont and was anxious that the 50 lived up to it's reputation as this was my parents first time in New York. I need not have worried, the staff at this hotel are fantastic - you are always greeted with a smile and nothing is too much trouble for them. They took time out of their day to make us feel welcome, and provided us with useful information to get around the city and sightsee!!! The map you receive on check in is invaluable, as it lists all the streets and avenues so you know exactly where to go!The hotel has a lot of extra touches that make staying there such a great experience. For example, they have a club room on the second floor which offers free tea/coffee throughout the day and from 6-7 mon through to thurs you can enjoy a free glass or two of wine. There is a seperate room where you can access the internet, and if you want to check in online and print off your boarding passes you don't have to pay anything!I can't say enough to recommend this hotel, I had a fantastic time and was very sad to leave. If I go back to new york I will definitely be staying at the Affinia 50!!!!	
Feb 12 2009 	Great stay unbeatable value	Believe the hype: the Affinia 50 is about the best deal you're going to find for a good stay in midtown Manhattan. Clean, good-sized rooms, nice amenities, a pleasant staff, convenient location--all for $150/night or less? Even my NYC friends were shocked by the rates.I had a &quot;guest room&quot; rather than one of the suites, but the room was a perfectly comfortable size--not much smaller than the $200 room I had just left uptown, and a heck of a lot bigger than some comparably priced rooms I've stayed in in Manhattan. The hotel itself seems a bit on the older side--you can see a few places where the wallpaper and paint need to be freshened up--but they've compensated well with nice furnishings, a comfortable bed, a big desk, and Aveda toiletries. Location is quite good, on E 50th at 3rd Ave; there's a subway stop a block away at 51st/Lexington and it's just a few blocks from Rockefeller Center, the Museum of Modern Art, and Grand Central.I didn't experience any problems with noise, but the one thing I would say is that those with very sensitive noses may want to beware; there was a fairly strong smell of cleaning products in the hallway and there was an very faint food odor in my 4th-floor room (which I suspect might have been coming from the McDonald's right next door). Neither really bothered me, but if you're hypersensitive you might request a room on a higher floor.On quality of stay alone I might rank this a 4, but when you factor in the location and value there's no question that the place deserves a 5.	
Feb 10 2009 	Great value and location	I went of vacation with my two teenagers and this was a great place for us. the room was HUGE (with livingroom space and separate kitchen) 'deluxe suite' when I asked for an upgrade FREE.Pros - great location, concierge, suite type rooms with kitchen, room size ( like a large studio apartment in NYC), 2nd floor common room, free upgrade when I asked, really nice staff, RATE!Cons - age of kitchen and bathroom, size of bathroom, not spotless cleaning.I would return with my kids but maybe not if without.	
Feb 9 2009 	perfect location	4 of us travelled to new york for a 5 day break in december, we found this hotel by searching the internet and it was the perfect location for the price we paid. took us a day or 2 to find our bearings but then you were in walking distance to all the tourist attractions such as rockefeller centre, central park, times square. the hotel was great if you just want somewhere to sleep and wash if your planning a sightseeing holiday as we were. the room was cleaned everyday and given fresh towels. staff were very helpful. the only bad point was the noise of the street at night made it hard to have a good nights sleep but doubt you would be able to find a peaceful nights sleep anywhere in the city as its all go go go.	
Feb 6 2009 	Great Location	It was the first trip to New York City for me and my 11 year old daughter. The hotel was very clean and the staff is very friendly. Excellent location!	
Feb 5 2009 	Excellent Location - Lovely Hotel	This hotel is in a great location for midtown sightseeing. It is about a 10 minute walk to the Rockerfeller Centre and 20 mins to Times square. The shops of 5th Avenue are also within a 10 minute walk. A Taxi to downtown NY was about $10-15 dollars.We had a suite on the 21st floor and it was lovely. A large lounge with huge TV sofas, chairs, dining table and chairs and a good, fairly well equipped little kitchen with a large fridge freezer, microwave, full oven etc. and tea and coffee making facilities.The bedroom was huge too with a very nice comfy huge bed and a nice en-suite bath/shower. Overall the hotel scored 99% with us. The only small downside was that there was no restaurant or bar on site although you can order room service from a restaurant across the road and the hotel next door did a lovely buffet breakfast for about $15 per head. There were 3 Starbucks within minutes walk but then that just about sums up New York as the Starbucks capital of the world. However, the hotel did provide a continental breakfast for about $15 a head and it looked really nice and was served in a buffet style in the guest lounge where residents sat around on soft chairs watching TV and eating their breakfasts. The guest lounge also plays host to free nibbles of cheese &amp; biscuits and a glass or two of wine every weekday evening between 6 &amp; 7pm which was a nice touch. I cannot comment on the quality of the breakfasts as we ate out every day for breakfast but it looked really nice. There is also a small fitness centre and a business centre with 2 internet ready computers where for a fee of about $16 you could use the net for 15 minute slots, however accessing airline websites for checking in etc were free. I will post a separate report on our trip on the NYC city forum but in short I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for someone who wants a midtown location.We were there celebrating a 40th Birthday and when we arrived my partner had arranged a big bunch of balloons, a bottle on sparkly on ice and a box of the most delicious cup cakes you have ever tasted. Well worth the little extra cost he paid.	
Feb 4 2009 	Snowy return to AFFINIA 50 - warmest experience ever!!!!!!	This trip came during one of the worst storms I have experienced in New York. Left SFO 60+ degree weather and landed in 16 degrees. Upon calling the hotel to make arrangements which Sandra, a manager helped calm me while making my arrangements effortlessly, as I was TERRIFIED sittiing in cab into Manhattan from JFK among giant snow flakes. The bell staff greeted me 'warmly' at the door with big hello and 'welcome home'. Check- in was seamless and my luggage was taken to my nice extremely warm &amp; beautiful room. The staff had provided a lovely amenity, even remembering that I (always) need extra hangers. Maintenance staff &amp; in-house IT manager spent over 2 hours assisting me in connecting my computer so I could work. The front desk staff upon hearing of my dilemma, IMMEDIATELY showed me optional(upgraded) rooms to move to in case they failed, generously offering any and all assistance I may need. Even the housekeeping staff was concerned with both my physical comfort and calm...This is a superlative hotel with the most professional staff in EVERY DEPARTMENT,anticipating my every need and/or request and delivering with service above my expectations. I thoroughly enjoy this special treasure in Midtown and will continue to recommend it to everyone!!!!	
Feb 4 2009 	Great mid-range find in NYC	Very happy with my stay. Staff was helpful and friendly, particularly the doormen. $14/day for internet access. Close to subway lines and great restaurants along 2nd Ave.	
Feb 2 2009 	Still the best	We spent 10 nights at the Affinia 50 in mid January and to be honest, I was worried that the high standards that we had experienced 12 months before (the experience was so good that for the first time in life, I felt compelled to write a review as my way of saying thank you) may have slipped. Even more worrying was the fact that on our recommendation, friends travelled with us and stayed at the Affinia as well and our lofty raves for the hotel may have left them disappointed.There was absolutely nothing to worry about!! Everything that made our 2008 holiday so great was still in abundance. The rooms we were given (Junior suites) were huge by any standard. They were clean, the bathroom was great and the kitchenette a real bonus. The beds are fantastic. Above all, the staff and customer service are second to none.For the tourist, so much seems to be only 10-15 minutes walk from the hotel. Central Park, Times Square, Grand Central, Empire State and Macy's are easily walkable and the Rockefeller and 5th Avenue stores are literally just up the road. For the rest of Manahattten, the hop on hop off bus stop is across the road at the Waldorf and the subway is within a block. As such, for very little expense and effort, the whole of the New York experience is at your doorstep. As far as eating is concerned, there are plenty of good restaurants nearby with the best value seeming to be along 2nd Avenue. Don't miss the Esse bagel on 3rd - good food and a unique experience!Finally, the staff go to great lengths to make your stay memorable. The door guys learned our names very quickly and the &quot;welcome home&quot; we received each night was genuine and greatly appreciated. Rome and Sammy, you guys are the best.	
Jan 26 2009 	Great place to go	We stayed 2 nights for my daughters 14th birthday trip to NYC. They even gave us birthday cupcakes.The staff was the best ever! The room was enormous for a NYC room. We will be back to the Affinia 50! The only problem was i placed an order for the health and beauty aids that were offered, asked again at the desk, but never got them. Good thing there are duannes all over.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great hotel and location  fabulous staff	My wife and I stayed for 5 nights on a shopping sightseeing and romantic getaway. We had a standard double room and it was big enough. Bathroom was small but clean and well equipped. The staff were very very helpful.The room was spotless and the bed was very comfortable. A great location, very close to the subway. There are some good delis on park avenue that have better breakfasts than the deli next door. It's about a 15 min walk to Times Square and to Macy's and about 5 mins to the Top of The Rock. Well worth it.We'll be back.	
Jan 14 2009 	Great hotel good location	We have just returned from the Affina 50 after 5 days here including New Year. It was a very nice hotel with two large beds and a pull out couch bed, a well fitted kitchen including microwave,gas cooker, fridge,dishwasher. We walked everywhere and knew our way round by the time we went home. We had a meal at the indian restaurant over the word( think its called Mint) very nice meal. We also ate at the Steak house on third avenue at the end of the street. Steak was lovely but we had to wait for a table so i think its best to book. The hotel staff were very helpful and the beds were so comfortable. It is ideally situated to get around New York. Would recommend it.	
Jan 13 2009 	Fantastic family hotel	We stayed 6 nights over New Year, went to Times Square to see ball drop. We picked this hotel because I have 3 children and many hotels do not have room for 5,not only did the suite have room with the sofa bed pulled out, but there was storage enough for all of us too. The little kitchen came in handy for breakfast and snacks, the bathroom was nicely sized and the beds were very comfy.The location is terrific, you can walk to Times Square, Central Park, 5th Ave and a subway stop is on 51st, 3 minutes away and it is easy to get to Liberty, financial district, little italy and china town on the &quot;green' line.The staff are the best, friendly, jokey, helpful smiley and that makes such a big difference to a trip.We loved the wine and cheese hour, no selling of anything from the staff as they poured a large glass and were just there to suggest things to see and talk about anything. Also nice to meet other guests and learn about their experiences.If you are blowing the buget, Smith and Wollensky is around the corner, arguabley the best steak restuarant in the country. Truly devine steaks, old fashioned service, but easily 75.00 dollarsplus a head. Book first.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great holiday at the affinia 50	Just home from spending 4 nights at Affinia 50 hotel with my mum. Booked trip for her 65th birthday - her first trip, my 2nd. Hotel very kindly upgraded us to a club room with lovely views of 3rd Ave and bubbly/cookies. Very spacious room with 2 large beds, kitchen, dishwasher, tea/coffee facilites, fridge freezer etc. We had breakfast from Ess a bagel just across the road on 3rd.Hotel is close to all midtown tourism - just along from the Rockeffer Centre, close to Times Square, Broadway, shopping on 5th Ave.We saw Wicked on broadway - totally fantastic.. Hop on/off bus tour (coachusa.com) took in all uptown/downtown sights and free NY watertaxi trip to Liberty Island.I would definitely recommend this hotel and NYC for city break	
Jan 12 2009	Great Hotel - Great Location	I selected this hotel based on the Trip Advisor Reviews so thought is was only fair to share my experience with everyone.We (2 adults and 2 children) stayed over Christmas and New Year for 14 nights in a one bedroom unit. We were impressed with the hotel all throughout with our stay. It was clean and comfortable with modern furnishings etc. Beds were very comfortable. Kitchen was dated however out of sight so not an issue. We walked everywhere - this hotel is so close to everything. Felt very safe all the time. We used the club room on Level 2 which had big screen TV's and internet access. Nice chance to chat with other people.I had read things about the lifts etc - they were a litte slow but nothing to complain about. Some said the lobby was too small - the lobby was fine - who spends time in the lobby anyway! Any queries I had were answered - I did have to question my room rate however this was sorted out promptly. All the staff were polite and friendly.I used the washer and dryer many times on the bottom floor - very helpful for the 14 days.Only reason I wouldn't stay here next visit would be to stay in another part of town to get a different perspective.	
Jan 10 2009 	Great staff and location	We have just returned from a 4 night stay. Without exception the staff were friendly and helpful. When we checked in there were a couple of minor problems with our room which were sorted out immediately. The Junior suite was enormous with very comfortable beds. Our schedule was very tight so we were only able to make use of the club room on our last day which was very useful. We had a night flight so after a day out in New York we were able to relax, get changed, and drink free coffee - before getting the taxi to JFK -perfect! Full marks for staff training.	
Dec 30 2008 	I don't like Ants!!!	This place was disgusting. The room was not very clean - but I wasn't too worried until I woke up in the middle of the night, went to the bathroom and was walking all over ants. There were at least 100 ants crawling around the floor, I almost puked after thinking about the room service I ate a few hours prior, I had a suite on one of the top floors. I would NEVER stay here again - they tried to &quot;upgrade&quot; me, I went looking at the upgraded room and couldn't get over the ants issue. I stayed at the W instead the next night.	
Dec 28 2008	Excellent location	Just returned from first trip ot New York. Spent 5 nights at Affinia 50 hotel with my three daughters and had a lovely experience. Just one block from Waldorf where there is a stop for the hop on/hop off city bus tour. Excellent location, within walkiing distance of Rockefeller Centre, Time Square, Central Park etc. Diner for breakfast just a few doors away from hotel and Ess a Bagel for excellent bagels just around the corner on 3rd Avenue. Room was spacious with two queen size beds and kitchen with fridge/freezer, microwave and coffee/tea making facilities. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 22 2008 	Great Location	We just spent 3 nights at the Affinia 50. We are a family of 5 with 3 boys ages 13,11, and 8. Our room had two queen beds in a big bedroom, a spacious living/dining area, and a tiny kitchen. We arrived in a big rush, running late and trying to get to Spamalot on time. Luckily we were helped quickly and graciously and were able to check in, valet park the car, and leave the luggage in the lobby without even going to our room so we could run to the show! Unfortunately when we returned after 11 we found our sleeper sofa was un-made and there were no sheets in the room. We had requested on-line that it be made up in advance. We phoned them at 11:20 and didn't receive the sheets until midnight. That was pretty disappointing as we had tired kids by that time, but certainly forgivable. Our only other problem was that the shampo and conditioner was not replaced on the 2nd day, luckily we had brought some along, so no big problem.Other than those minor problems the room was great, the staff was kind and helpful and the location was really convenient. We had a great stay.	
Dec 19 2008 	Affinia 50 - Great Hotel	My friend and I stayed for 4 nights at the Affinia 50 hotel recently and really enjoyed our stay there. We were in a studio suite which was a large room with 2 queen beds and it's own kitchen area. The fridge was very useful for keeping drinks in and being able to make a cup of tea in the morning was great.The staff were very helpful at the hotel, the concierge helped us book a Sex and The City tour and remembered us the following day telling us to enjoy the tour which was a nice touch. The front desk and bell staff were always friendly and helpful as well.The hotel is in a great location and walking to the Rockefeller Center, Times Square and 5th Avenue was really easy. Don't forget to try the wine and cheese on the 2nd floor between 6 and 7 Mon-Thurs, we were only able to enjoy this once but it was very nice.We would highly recommend the New York Luncheonette for breakfast which is just a few doors up the street from the hotel and served great food for a reasonable price. The continental breakfast at the hotel in comparison was $15 which we didn't bother to try.	
Dec 16 2008 	Great Location and Spacious Rooms	We just returned from spending 5 nights at this great hotel. The location was very convenient to restaurants and subway. Staff was helpful and friendly and the second floor lounge was a great place to meet friends and have a complementary glass of wine during the week. Breakfast (continental) in the lounge was OK but pricey. (There is a great bagel place a half block away.) The rooms are very spacious for NYC at this price. It is also an easy walk from Grand Central Station where the airport shuttles arrive and depart.	
Dec 16 2008 	Great place	A great place to stay. We had a suite with 2 queen beds. It was hard to find a hotel in New York that has queen beds. The hotel was very nice, clean, and quiet.	
Dec 1 2008 	Great Hotel!	I have stayed in Manhattan a few times and I definately think the Affinia 50 is the best hotel for quality and value for money so far. We had booked a suite as four of us were sharing a room, worth the bit extra for the extra space. Rooms were large and comfortable with a seperate lounge and kitchen area. Rooms were cleaned everyday and fresh towels left. Location wise the hotel was perfect for sightseeing and shopping, within walking distance for a lot of attractions eg Grand Central Station and the Rockefeller Centre. Good Diner a couple of doors up for breakfast , excellent bagel store accross 3rd &amp; try the nearby Ashton Bar for great pub food. The hotel offers a continental breakfast for $15 dollars but not worth it - try elsewhere. Affinia 50 is just down the street from Waldorf Astoria where theres a stop for the hop on hop off bus tour - really handy for seeing as much as possible in a short time. about $50 for 48 hours.	
Nov 30 2008 	superb rooms	We have been to NYC twice before this trip and decided to pay a little extra for the room on this trip. It was well worth it. The jump from an NYC 3* to a 3.5* was huge, we actually had a good sized room with a massive bed in it. The staff were very helpful and even arranged our super shuttle back to the airport for us.It is in an excellent location, great diner for breakfast, 30 seconds from the hotel and the subway is half a block away.Well worth going to and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again	
Nov 29 2008 	Great Hotel	Ideal location, just off Lexington around the corner from The Waldorf. There was six of us shared one junior suite, this had 2 queen beds and a sofa bed. All were really comfortable. There is a choice of pillows!! For example you could have magnetic therapy, buckwheat or Swedish memory! Having a kitchen was really handy. The hotel staff were extremely helpful and friendly at all times.The club room on floor 2 serves complementary wine and cheese on weekday nights however we missed this. They do however serve complementary tea, coffee and fresh orange on a morning. The hotel also have a small gym if you wished to use it – however we didn’t!!There is a bagel shop around the corner on 3rd Avenue called Ess-a-Bagel we would highly recommend it. Everybody in our party said that they served the best bagels they had ever had. Well worth a visit.If like us you are planning on walking all day and having a nice glass of wine before bed at night there is a deli around the corner (3rd Avenue) that sells a bottle of wine for $10. Be careful as some delis are charging $35!!The highlights for us were:• Top of the Rock• Bloomingdales• Grease on Broadway• Canal Street (china Town) for all the bargains• Katz Diner (where harry met sally)• Sex and City Tour If (when) we return to NY we will definitely stay at the Affinia 50.Enjoy your trip!!!!	
Nov 24 2008 	Obnoxious little hotel	First time in my life I was given a room... with no window. Calling Amex, I was told NYC hotels are not supposed to provide you with a view unless previously mentioned. I did not want a view, just a window which is standard even in a jail. After a fuss with management, we got upgraded to a so-called junior suite extremely noisy and most certainly designed by a cheap motel decorator. The service at Affinia is useless and obnoxious. Waste of money (and quite a lot).For the same price and in the same area, stay at the Sofitel, the best value for your dollars.	
Nov 21 2008 	They aim to please.	Just returned from our 11/16/08 - 11/19/08 stay. At check in we rec'd #710 - a very large room for NY - with one lovely full wall of windows. Great during the day, but Sunday night street noise is outrageous. We had snatches of about 45 mins. of sleep all night due to construction, deliveries, cab horns, and squeeling brakes. Asked the front desk for help the next AM and rec'd upgrade (no cost) to #1410 - corner digs at the back of the building. This is the size of a typical NYC apartment with foyer, full kitchen, dining / living area and separate bedroom. Rooms are clean enough - although worn edges / scuffy baseboards / stained carpets beg for attention. Edge dust build up also in hallways - although again quite typical of NYC hotels.Beyond a bit of a 'down in the heel' feel, overall a good time and their beds are the very BEST we've ever slept in! .	
Nov 20 2008 	Worth the money	I booked at the Affinia 50 based on the strength of the tripadvisor reviews. My school-age sons and I were not disappointed. We found very friendly service, particularly at the the front desk and from the bellmen. My kids enjoyed being able to choose from the pillow menu and I was pleased to be upgraded at no extra cost to a room with a kitchenette. The New York Luncheonette a few doors away is an excellent breakfast spot with superfast service and good food.	
Nov 17 2008 	Fantabulous!!!!!	This hotel was just spectacular!! First time in NY did not know what to expect from the quality of their hotels but this one is just something else. Arriving at the hotel we had the door of our taxi open our bags taken in for us all we had to do was walk to the check in desk to be greeted by extremely friendly staff. We were no sooner in our room when our bags arrived and were placed exactly where we wanted them in the room The room...... beautiful!!! We booked a studio suite. Massive size in comparison to other suites we have stayed in. Two very big queen sized beds beautifully dressed, a small kitchenette with everything you would have needed in a hotel room kitchen and a very attractive bathroom with a much needed power shower!!! Plenty of TV channels to chose from. We were not in the room longer than 10 minutes when the reception desk phoned to ensure everything was OK and to see if they could provide us with anything else!!! A really nice touch. The purpose of our trip was sightseeing and shopping and the concierge was most helpful in pointing us in the right direction and giving us very detailed maps. We didn't not plan to spend much time in the hotel as our days were limited but it was an absolute pleasure to return from a hard days shopping to a room with beds redressed, pj's folding a fresh towels and shampoos ready to use. The beds....... so so comfy i was tempted to ask could i take one home!!! Any queries we had about NY were answered by either very friendly and helpful reception staff or the concierge. A member of house keeping phoned to make sure everything was up to standard and provided us with extra towels and shampoos on request. A newspaper delivered to your door.... a nice touch. The hotel is located a block from the subway and very close to all the sights of new york. We would recommend you walk to mid town from the hotel to really appreciate its closeness to everything along with being away from the hustle and bustle of mid town Manhattan.On check out the hotel kept our bags in safe keeping for the day as our flight was later that day and when we required a taxi the concierge was most obliging and flagged down a mini bus taxi (we did a lot of shopping) packed up the car for us and wished us a safe trip home. Overall we had an extremely pleasurable stay and would return to this hotel without question and would highly recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 17 2008 	Good location	Just stayed at this hotel, it's in a great location. We walked most places as one of our party was in a wheelchair. The concierges were very helpful arranging a cab for disabled access. The rooms were large, clean &amp; comfortable, 2 queen beds plenty of room for the 3 of us. Beds were soooooooo comfortable, Only one problem we were without hot water for one morning. I would recommend staying at this hotel, this was my second stay in New York stayed at the New york Helmsley last time, the rooms were on par with this hotel, and were a lot cheaper too!	
Nov 14 2008 	Sweet and Sour	My boyfriend and I checked into the Affinia for my 23rd birthday. I am from Miami and this was my first time in the big city. The sweet, the hotel is beautiful and at first the staff was very accommodating. We arrived on time for our check in; the staff proceeded to inform that our room wouldn’t be ready for another two or three hour’s. We were not upset and decided to take a walk around town. The rooms are very spacious (two queen beds), Kitchen and their specialty all the pillows you want, they actually have a pillow menu which I found very unique and comfy, the beds were also very comfortable and the rooms were spotless! This room fits a family of six perfectly as they also provide a couch with bed capabilities. The sour, after October 1st the law does not require establishments to provide air conditioning to their guests; they are only supposed to provide heat. Note the Affinia does not have air conditioning after Oct. 1st – March 30th! You will not read this warning anywhere but here (feel free to call and verify), you have to keep the windows of the room open. If you suffer from allergies like me, you will find this to be a huge problem; my nose was bloody for the entire duration of my visit, and although the beds were comfy I had a tough time breathing making for an unpleasant sleep. Other hotels like the Fitzpatrick, which I also stayed in (more expensive); do not make their guest sleep with open windows. There is nothing the hotel can do as they shut off the air to the whole building! More sour, when our check out came around I called the front desk to explain that we were going to be delayed due to the fact that my boyfriend became ill, and we were stuck all the way on the other side of town, they gave us one hour. To our surprise when we make it back to the hotel (2 hours late) they had charged us an additional $200!!! After explaining to the manager (an over weight red head) our situation, my boyfriends sickness and the fact that my nose was bloody my whole vacation, she felt the least bit compassionate and did not waive the fee or at least bring the price a bit down due to the circumstances. I found her and her employee (a thin colored woman) very rude. A word to the wise, do not come one minute late to check out as the Affinia will not consider you. My opinion is that the hotel is not all that bad, and if your ok with what I’ve mentioned, then I would recommend. But the Fitzpatrick which is near is way superior and the difference in money is well worth it.	
Nov 12 2008 	Loved loved loved this hotel	I just returned from a girls trip to NYC and we stayed in the Affinia 50. I found it through tripadvisor.com, read the reviews, decided to book it and couldnt be happier. It was perfect in evert way. The staff treated us like royalty, gettin all the cabs, taking care of all luggage and always welcoming us &quot;home&quot; Our hotel room was very spacious and 4 of us had NO problem gettin ready. The beds were extremely comfy, there were plenty of mirrors, the noise outside was MINIMAL ! The bad reviews i read on here stated that the rooms were noisy and that the other reviews weer overrated...but i can promise you, they are not ! It was reasonably priced, and i would stay here again and again ! Its close to times square and other grat locations !!! if your looking for an upper class hotel without the huge expense, CHOOSE AFFINIA 50 !!	
Nov 12 2008 	Affinia 50 New York: Terrific hotel!	We stayed at the Affinia 50 for one night while we were having some work done in our apartment. (We live in New York.) When we checked in, we were given a complimentary upgrade to a suite. The suite was large and immaculate, well furnished, had two TVs, and included a nice sized bedroom, very comfortable living room area, and a full (small) kitchen. The beds were extremely comfortable and the room was quiet. The hotel is well-maintained and has a very attractive large &quot;club room&quot; area with two flat screen TVs.We chose the hotel based on reviews on this site. We got a very reasonable AARP rate. There are a variety of restaurants close by and a supermarket for those who plan to use the kitchen. We know that we will recommend this hotel to visitors from out of town.One tip: If you want a quiet room, mention that when you check in. We'd read that rooms that face Third Avenue can be noisy.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great place Great people!	Myself and 3 friends just got back from a trip to NYC where we stayed in the Affinia 50 on E 50th Street. All I can say is Excellent!!!The room was very spacious and had plenty of mirrors (which was important for us as 4 young girls). We got a pleasant surprise when we saw we had a full kitchen too! The room was clean and beds were super comfy! I have to say something about the doormen. They were the nicest, most helpful people ever. They open the door for you, get cabs for you, look up stuff online for you (e.g. if you don't know the address of the restaurant you want to go to). They will help you in any way they can. We pretty much felt like celebrities :)All in all, the Affinia 50 is a great place to stay and in a convenient location. Brilliant!	
Nov 5 2008 	Great base for exploring NYC	We chose this hotel after seeing all of the reviews on Tripadvisor, so I thought it only fair to add our feedback. We were very pleasantly surprised to find that the reviews on this site had not exaggerated! The hotel is not the swankiest I’ve stayed in but it was a good value mid price hotel. The rooms were clean, very comfortable and an excellent size for New York, the staff were consistently helpful and friendly and it is perfectly located for all the usual tourist sites and there are lots of good local restaurants close by too - what more could you need! On the negative side, our room was very warm, so we needed the aircon running during the night, but wasn’t a big issue. Overall, we had a great time, would be very happy to stay here again and will be recommending the Affinia 50.	
Nov 2 2008 	Good value for money	A group of 4 of us stayed here for 4 nights.It was alot cheaper than other hotels in Manhatten we looked at booking.The room was really nice and spotless. It was quiet spaceous as well as I was expecting it to be very cramped with 4 of us in the room but it wasn't.It was a bit of a walk to Time Square but there is a train station nearby and taxis are very reasonable.The staff on reception are very helpful.	
Oct 27 2008 	Low key but friendly	I have stayed at the Affinia quite a few times whilst on business trips to NYC. It offers pretty decent value for money and the staff try very hard to offer a friendly personal service. The rooms are decent and have all the main amenities, particularly if you opt for the bigger rooms with kitchens. The bathrooms are generally very small and it can be quite difficult manoeuvring around. I have no idea how a seriously overweight person could actually get on to the toilet!! Some rooms can be very noisy indeed particularly with garbage trucks collecting all night, and my experience has been to avoid rooms looking on to 50th Street or those onto the lightwell above the McDonald's extractor fans which sound like a 747 on a takeoff run! That having been said, overall the hotel is good, the public areas are small but well thought out and the staff are friendly and helpful. The lifts can be very slow indeed but it seems to be easier to get a taxi from here than most other hotels in the area.	
Oct 24 2008 	Fantastic place	We just returned from our NYC trip and stayed at the Affinia. After having stayed at many New York hotels over the years I have to say that the Affinia is one of the best overall values that I've expereinced. We had a full suite - more like an apartment - not one of those tiny so-called suites you find in some hotels, and it was very quiet given it was away from the street. The staff are all a friendly bunch, all helpful, especially Rome at the front door. Ask him if he's from Rome and you'll get a very funny answer. The overall service is a cut above other hotels (and many that cost a lot more money). We asked for two small repairs and they were done within minutes. We asked for a few supplies and they brought them (and more) right away. Every restaraunt choice they suggested was better than average. On top of the large accomodations, nice furnishings and quiet room, the suite's price was equivalent to a room in many less-stellar hotels around town. I rarely leave Manhattan saying I loved that hotel and will stay there again. Well, on my next trip to the Big Apple I know where I'm staying - the Affinia. There's only one small neagative I saw the whole week at this place. The room service isn't in house, but comes from a restaraunt across the steet. It's an Indian place called The Mint. The food we ordered came fast but it was on the equivalent of a bad diner - and a bad diner with very high prices. We didn't order Indian food (maybe that would have been better) but they had a selection of Continental dishes. Speaking of diners, there's a great one (can't rember the name) about a hundred-yards east of the hotel on the same side of the street. Bottom Line: great location (next to several hotels, and conveineinet to Second Ave with more eateries than you could ever make it to), great, spacious accomodations at good prices and nice people working there. That's all refreshing in a city where getting even one of those things is usually considered lucky.... unless you're willing to pay $1,000 a night.	
Oct 24 2008 	Fantastic Stay	Great wee hotel, with professional, friendly, curteous and above all - helpful staff. They had answers for all of our questions, eg where to eat, transport arrangements, map info, must see places, must do things etc etc.The Hotel itself has a small but cosy lobby with fast lifts to the upper floors. I willnee go on about the hotel because we just used it to sleep. But it was quiet, the rooms were big and comfy and the tea/coffee facilities were excellent. Oh and the bathrooms were clean and the shower worked well.What more could you ask for?PS Two great cafes for your traditional American Breakfast's'ss's just one block left the other a few yards right, as you come out of the hotel.	
Oct 19 2008 	2 Thumbs Up!	Wow! We stayed there after reading through the reviews on Tripadvisor and were thoroughly impressed with the hotel and staff. I wanted it to be very special as it was our first trip to NYC and my husband's 40th birthday. I would highly recommend this hotel. The rooms are very large, the location is great, walking distance to Rockefeller Center, Times Square, Broadway shows, and you will feel like family because of the courteous staff. I would also highly recommend going to see Wicked. It was phenomenal. We will surely stay at Affinia 50 next time we visit NYC.	
Oct 19 2008 	Warm welcome from the Affinia 50	Booked the hotel on the back of reviews on Tripadvisor and was not disappointed. I booked a standard room for my husband and I and a studio suite with 2 queen beds for my parents. The standard room was nice with a very comfortable bed but if you can afford it get the studio suite as it is very spacious with a small kitchen and livingroom area. The staff were very welcoming and friendly and nothing was too much trouble for them. I also liked that they 'welcomed you home' each tme you came back to the hotel.For breakfast we ate most days at the Luncheonette cafe which is about 3 doors down from the hotel where full breakfast with drinks was about $15. We also ate breakfast on our last day at the restaurant at the hotel next door (think it was called Ferros) which had a fixed price buffet breakfast for $16. This was very good value as you could have fruit, cereal, cooked breakfast, pancakes, the works!Hotel was in a good location although it was easier to get downtown (on the 6 train) than it was from East to West on the subway.	
Oct 15 2008 	Excellent Location	We stayed at the Affinia in January for a romantic city break.It was freezing but New York was glorious.The hotel was welcoming, with the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in.Amazing location, but the view from our window was a brick wall.Excellent place to stay if you are just using it as a base, not too many luxuries, not somewhere to stay if you are going to New York for the hotels!	
Oct 13 2008 	Don't miss the wine and cheese!	I booked this hotel with airmiles after reading the fabulous reviews. We had a studio with 2 queen beds and a kitchen for myself, my partner, my 5 year-old daughter and my teenage son. It is difficult to please all ages, but we all absolutely loved it. It is difficult to say anything which has not been said before - you will have read about the friendly doormen, the large rooms, the comfortable bed, the great location and the relaxed ambience. However, what sets this hotel apart from any other I have ever stayed in was the wine a cheese evening in the club room from 6-7, Monday to Thursday. Lots of wine, lots of cheese and biscuits, and even bingo on a Thursday evening with excellent prizes. A lovely opportunity to meet fellow travellers and share stories of this great city, before walking a block or two for world class cuisine in any number of nearby restaurants. We had a wonderful stay in NYC, and if I'm ever lucky enough to return, I will check out the Affinia Fifty - hopefully it will not be priced out of my range once the world catches on to the great value currently on offer. I cannot rate this hotel highly enough.	
Oct 9 2008 	What a great location!	Just checked out of the Affinity about 12 hrs ago and now back in UK. it was a great hotel. They gave us a room on arrival at noon eventhough they had been mad busy , the room that was ready was an upgrade so we were really pleased with the service. Such a big room for NYC, small kitchen etc. I really can't fault the service, room , linens , cleanliness or location. we were 5 mins walk from Grant Central Station, 10 mins from Rockerfeller centre, 20 mins from Central Park and 10 mins from Bloomingdales.between 6pm and 7pm on Floor 2 they have complimentary cheese and wine but we missed it every day we stayed as we were out and about in the city. Maybe next time !	
Oct 8 2008 	I will stay here again!	I totally loved this hotel, I can believe how cheap it was, about 150 dollars a night for a standard room. Great rooms, clean, comfy beds, many channes on the TV etc. And I think the rooms are really big if you look at other hotels in New York. Location: Perfect! Quiet, but in the middle of everything. We never felt unsafe like we've done when we've lived in Midtown. Staff: fabulous! Always a smile and willing to help us with everything. Tips: * The descritopn says that standard rooms got refrigeraters, but atleast ours was a full minibar so you can't put anything in it. * there's a great super market on 2nd avenue. Don't do what we did, wander the other direction.	
Oct 7 2008 	fantastic	My wife and i have stayed at this hotel twice in 12 months. Its clean and the rooms are a good size. The staff are friendly and can't do enough for you. Location is spot on and we look forward to going again	
Oct 6 2008 	Huge space for Manhattan	Decided to book this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews and the fact that there were 4 of us plus our one-year old son all staying in one room. That was a tall order for NYC!Front desk folks were very helpful. Arranged for a crib to be brought to the room. Responded quickly when our bathroom tub wouldn't drain too (mechanical problem).Room was quite nice, fairly modern. Full kitchen was a bonus. Bed was super comfortable. Room was quiet as long as you kept the windows closed (stayed on 7th floor). Bathroom was updated very nicely too with Aveda bath products.	
Oct 6 2008 	very nice!	My family and I spend a weekend at the Affinia 50 (me, my husband, and our eight year old son). It is a clean, beautifully decorated hotel in easy walking distance of many attractions. The beds and linens were especially nice. It has a nice lounge on the 2nd floor to rest in when you are tired of walking. The staff was wonderful; I don't think I have ever dealt with staff that were so polite. The hotel would be perfect if it were cheaper. Also, I don't recommend the breakfast buffet on the 2nd floor. It is okay, but not fantanstic, especially considering the price. You can get a better breakfast at the Ess-a-bagel place that is on the next block (and was recommended to me by the staff).	
Oct 6 2008 	One more great review of affinia 50	I have to add to the collection of great reviews on this hotel. I just spent the weekend here and felt as though I was in an apartment not hotel room.  Every person we encountered all weekend (guest and staff alike) was happy, smiles all around. pleasant hello's and great conversations. From check in to check out we experienced quick friendly service from the staff. The door man, the bellman and the reservationist. were some of the best we ever experienced. We had a two bedroom suite with two bathrooms and two balconies. We hosted a lunch for some family members and everyone was really impressed. The room was large,clean and comfortable. We used the room on the second floor for tea and coffee a few times and all the guests seemed very relaxed and happy. The atmosphere is exactly what most would want. Except for those who like glitz and glamour. We were in NYC for mass at St. Patricks Cathedral and the hotel is just a 5min walk away. We also walked to and around central park which was lovely. For the room size and location I think we paid a fare price for nyc. My family thought we paid a lot more.	
Oct 5 2008 	Top Choice!	We stayed here for our honeymoon for 5 nights in September, and couldn't have been happier with the choice. We had a standard room (no kitchen, but you don't go to New York to cook) which was plenty big enough for 2 people. Bed was great, and bathroom was also big enough for everything. Aveda products were also fantastic (for my wife)!The hotel is close to everything - either by walking or subway, but we mainly walked. There is also plenty of restaurants to choose from along second avenue. I probably wouldn't recommend the one across the road from Affinia 50; it is an Indian one called Mint and had terrible service and pretty basic food. The staff at Affinia 50 are quite friendly, I won't go all out and say that every person is, but you tend to get staff on a bad day wherever you stay.The hotel also has a laundry in the basement which is great if you need to do some washing on your trip for less than $10.We didn't try the wine and cheese room as there is so much do do in New York that we were never back in time, but it looked nice.I would highly recommend the hotel for everything on offer in New York.	
Oct 2 2008 	Absolutely Fantastic - That sums it up !	I always rely on reviews on Tripadvisor, so it is only fitting really that I leave one for others. Just got back from New York, and Affinia 50, and could not wait to tell everybody how wonderful this hotel is. I cannot fit into words how great this hotel and location is, what I have written only scratches the surface !This is my 4th time to NYC and this is by far the best hotel, and location/area I have stayed in. The hotel is located right on the corner of 50th Street / 3rd Avenue.Room: Stayed in a standard room with queen bed, booked thro expedia at a deal of stay 3 nights get 4th free. The check in staff were polite, concierge/bell boys were helpful. Hotel room by NYC standards was a wonderful size, bathroom was a little small, but hey it's just a bathroom. Room had a queen bed, TV, desk, arm chair, mini bar, air con, safe, hair dryer, iron &amp; board, pillow menu, tea &amp; coffee making, free toiletries, plenty of storage. The bed was VERY comfy. Hotel: There is no bar in this hotel, but it is such a fantastic location - you don't need one. The free cheese and wine evenings are a great idea too, make sure you go to them. There is a gym (didn't use), and a business room where you can get internet access with printing facilities.Location: Just fab. There are two metros close by - one at the end of the street, and another one street up (giving 2 different lines for easy access around Manhattan). Because you are a couple of Avenues away from busy 5th Avenue, walking around the streets / Avenues is easy, and a lot lot quieter. We were at the back of the hotel and could not hear a thing.There are some lovely bars and restaurants nearby - I recommend The Emery Bar (part of Benjamin hotel) for a nice drink and people watching. Restaurants: Plenty within a street or two. Out of the Hotel, turn left, cross 3rd Ave and walk down to 2nd Ave, there are lots of nice little places to eat here away from the mad hussle &amp; bussle. Recommend Lasagna Restaurant. I also recommend going to Luncheonette Cafe, which is about four doors away, for a hearty breakfast. Usual fry up stuff, or bagels, fruit etc etc. Good prices too.I will most certain return to this hotel and area without a doubt, it is just the best. It is quite an affluent businessy area of NYC, so is very safe on an evening too, not at all seedy.Please stay here, and enjoy !!	
Sep 30 2008 	Absolutely awesome!	We booked our hotel at the travel agent and had a choice of places to stay - after reading so many favourable reviews on this website about the Affinia50, I am extremely glad we decided to stay here!The rooms were very spacious and clean, I loved the fact that there was a kitchen, so it really felt like home. There is plenty of space for suitcases (three females sharing one room, so luggage was plentiful!), and space to hang clothes, etc. The first night we came in, two light bulbs had blown, so we left a note for housekeeping and that was fixed promptly. I have to say the best thing about this hotel was its location- situated where it is, and for the reasonable price we paid. We walked to Times Square, where we got tour buses, did our shopping, watched our broadway show. It is also close to Rockefeller Centre, NBC Studios etc, which were both things on the New York Pass we used. Walking back to our hotel at night, we felt very safe and we never ran into any trouble or unsavoury characters!	
Sep 25 2008 	Welcome Home	&quot;Welcome Home&quot; is very fitting and how you will be greeted upon arrival at this excellent hotel. I stayed in Affinia 50, 155 East 50th St with my friend for 5 nights from 14/9/08 and it was indeed like coming home. The concierge staff were extremely helpful and in particular, Rome and Manny to whom nothing was a problem. Rome was very attentive and made sure to greet us by name each day, which gave us that feeling of being welcomed home! As expected, based on Trip Advisor reviews, the hotel did not disappoint. The rooms are spacious and clean with very comfy beds. The bathroom is quite small but that is a minor detail. Having the kitchen was a bonus as we could prepare our light breakfast each day, (tea &amp; toast) but should you have wanted to, the facilities were good enough to prepare a full meal! No need to do that however as there are many excellent restaurants and delis on the doorstep. Highly recommended are PAX for lunch to either eat in or take out and for evening meal Mama Mexico, both of which are very close by. Be sure however to take advantage of the wine and cheese available in the hotel each evening between 6-7pm on level 2. Lifts did not always stop for us, instead they whizzed by on occasion, we were on 6th floor, but it was not a huge problem. The hotel's location is excellent, being close to Grand Central, The Rock and 5th Avenue. It's also easy to walk to Central Park, which offers a pleasant change from all the buzz of the city. This hotel certainly lives up to it's expectations and is highly recommended, I certainly look forward to a &quot;welcome home&quot; in the not too distant future!	
Sep 24 2008 	Loved this hotel	My friend and I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in September and thought it was really excellent. We had a really big room which had 2 comfy double beds and plenty of space to move around in. Everything was clean and the decor was good. The kitchen was a bonus and we were able to make our breakfast: tea and toast every morning. The fridge was big, plenty of room in it for supplies and there was even a full size cooker. However, a small table with chairs would have been good in the room but as we only had breakfast here it wasn't a problem. The location was ideal for the subway and also for the downtown hop on/off bus (at the Waldorf) which we used for 2 days a great way to see around the city. There were some grocery shops nearby as well as cafes and a choice of restaurant.s. The hotel is within walking distance of Central Park, 5th Avenue and the 'Rock' and it felt safe to walk around the area at night. The staff in the hotel were very friendly and helpful and Rome and Manny get a special mention, two great guys. It is good when staff actually remember your name and acknowledge you as Rome did. We had a problem with our safe late one night and it was fixed very quickly for us. This is the only place we would stay in New York now.	
Sep 23 2008 	Affinia 50 - Absolutely Faultless!	Having decided to travel to New York to get married, my husband and I wanted a really nice hotel that wouldn't cost the earth. There were so many hotels to chose from that we decided to go with the Affinia 50 based on the excellent reviews on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed. Even before leaving the UK we were impressed with the service, as the concierge at the hotel could not have done more to help us with our wedding arrangements, organising flowers, hair and make-up, limo and restaurant reservations.On arrival we were delighted to have been given a complementary upgrade to an enormous suite on the 21st floor with large living and dining area, fully equipped kitchen, balcony and bedroom with king size bed. The room was modern and spotlessly clean.The rest of the hotel was well presented with a small modern lobby and lounge serving continental breakfast. The hotel doesn't have a huge amount of facilities, there isn't a bar or restaurant, but you're in the middle of New York so who wants to stay in the hotel anyway!It's in a great location just a few blocks from Saks 5th Avenue, the Chrysler building and Bloomingdales. It's also close enough to walk to Grand Central Station and Times Square. However the location is also nice and quiet (for New York) and we didn't have any concerns walking late at night.All the staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful and did everything they could to make our stay special. We would definitely stay at the hotel again and would highly recommend it.	
Sep 23 2008 	Fabulous!!!	Very helpfull,friendly and professionel employees. Location is perfect for a first impression of the city. Clean and spacious room. Good price/value for a city like this. Lot of possibilities for breakfast,lunch and diner at walking distance.	
Sep 22 2008 	Good Quality Hotel	Booked a Queen size room for 5 nights. Room was a good size but was let down by small, tired looking, bathroom, though like the room the bathroom was very clean.There was some noise from road as we were on 3rd (2nd in UK) floor, but we expected that and it wasn't too bad.Staff were friendly and always willing to answer our queries. Recommended a good organic supermarket on 2nd Ave, where we brought fruit and yoghurt for breakfast, as we didn't use dining room in hotel.Location was handy for tourist bus, Rockefeller Centre and Grand Central, and just a short walk from a couple of subway stops.Only used Club Room on last day, before leaving for the airport, which was very relaxingHad an absolutely fantastic time in New York and only used the hotel as a resting place, but it met our requirements and don't have any complaints.	
Sep 18 2008 	Is the Dollar this Weak?	Stayed at the Affinia 50 for 4 nights in August based on T.A. reviews. In a city with great hotel choices this is a very poor one. The lobby is small and shabby. The room was Holiday Inn quality at best. Elevators were slow, crowded, and shared with service people and employees. The staff are more engaged with each other than you. Needed to print a airline boarding pass in the &quot;business center&quot;. The printer was out of ink and no one knew how to refill it. I am a frequent traveler to NYC, and even with inflated hotel prices you can do better than the Affinia at over $325/night. The majority of my fellow guests were not Americans who either had a better deal than I, or just were benefiting from the weakness of the dollar.	
Sep 11 2008 	Awesome free upgrade!	We booked for 4 nights at the Affinia 50 and got a great deal on a room rate compared to other hotels in the city. We checked out reviews and felt that the hotel would meet all our needs. The hotel actually far exceeded both our needs and our expectations. The entry of the hotel isn't grand and amazing, so I wasn't expecting much but didn't really care as long as it was clean. We were given a &quot;complimentary upgrade&quot; upon arrival, which turned out to be a huge suite, probably bigger than my own apartment in Texas. It was incredibly comfortable, clean, and pretty updated. I loved the bed, the pillows, everything was perfect (though the bathroom just a tiny bit small compared to the rest of the huge place!). The bedroom alone would have been plenty big for our stay - I actually felt guilty not using the kitchen/dining/living room area that much, since we spent so much time exploring the city!The staff were always so nice, friendly, and accomodating. If we wanted clean sheets, a new blanket, directions, restaurant advice, it was all readily available. Hotel location was perfect, too. This was my boyfriend's first trip to NYC, and we wanted to go everywhere in the city. We were a quick subway or taxi ride from everywhere - so convenient. We went everywhere from uptown, central park, museums, all the way down to Soho, the village, and battery park.We loved the hotel so much that we asked if we could stay three more nights in the same suite for our original price (we had planned on moving to somewhere slightly cheaper). The manager was so accomodating and gave us a great deal.I will absolutely return to Affinia 50 and highly recommend it to others!	
Sep 10 2008 	The staff is superb	My friend and I just got back from a week at the Affinia 50, our new home away from home. The one-bedroom suite was great – very spacious, high quality furniture and beds, nicely decorated, Aveda shampoos and soap, and a kitchen that allowed us to prepare some organic meals for ourselves. It was close to everything, especially once I realized the E subway line went across town and then down to Times Square. But my main reason for wanting to write this review is the staff. From the doorman to the front desk to housekeeping - everyone made us feel they couldn't do enough for us. We were warmly greeted by the doorman Rome who looked out for us all week. When it rained, they had umbrellas for us. When we asked for a local Mediterranean restaurant, Jill, at the front desk, printed out menus and reviews for four places near the hotel and delivered them to our room. Anything we needed, we just called the desk and they took care of it within minutes. Paula kept our room meticulous. And everything was done with a sense of them truly wanting us to have a great stay. Whenever I thought we might be asking too much, they made me feel like it was their pleasure to serve us. I say thanks to you all. I will return.	
Sep 9 2008 	Great Hotel	This hotel is excellent value in Manhattan. We stayed there for six days with our three month old son and the staff were so friendly.The room was large and spotlessly clean. Not only was there a crib for our son with clean bedlinen but they provided him with his own shampoo and other baby products; a nice touch. Although there is only a small restaurant, there are some great diners near by and some of the restaurants will deliver to the hotel.It is also centrally located. About ten minutes walk from Times Square and fifteen minutes walk from Central Park.	
Sep 7 2008 	Wow - what a stay !	Stayed 4 nights here as part of a family holiday in the US. We picked the hotel primarily as a result of review on Tripadvisor and, as ever, it was the right thing to do.We booked a deluxe 1-br suite and it was stupendous. Spacious, clean, modern comfy furniture and even a great balcony...on the 21st foor. The bedroom was separate from the large and bright lounge where the sofabed was, with a kitchenette in between. Perhaps the only complaint could be the small bathroom but not a big deal. For a change: a NYC hotel with modern furniture (reminded me of Parker Meridien at times).Staff were friendly and helpful - we did not use the club room much but it looked great. Not a 5* hotel but a great find nonetheless.If you can afford it (not cheap): stay here with your family and they will love it. We will return.	
Aug 23 2008 	Excellent Hotel!	We recently returned from a 2 night stay at Affina 50 in New York. This was our first trip to New York, but it won't be the last. A large part of our return will be due to the excellent location and service at the Affinia 50. The staff were courteous, helpful &amp; friendly. Our room was extremely comfortable (great bed &amp; pillows!) and the location of the hotel can't be beat. Everything possible one might want to do in the city is either within walking distance or easily accessed by subway. Most importantly, we felt welcome and safe! I'm already looking forward to our next trip &amp; stay Affinia 50.	
Aug 22 2008 	Loved Affinia 50	We selected Affinia chain because of Trip Advisor reviews and were not disappointed mainly because of the excellent level of customer service. Everybody (the front desk stuff, the bellmen, the maids, the engineers etc) was extremely helpful and attentive.This is not the luxury hotel but if you travel with family, you can not go wrong.	
Aug 17 2008 	Good Hotel great location	I booked this hotel based only on the reviews from this website. The Hotel location is fantastic, we soon learned that taking a taxi was not worth it, just walk, or jump on the subway. Great staff, very clean room.Some of the best food and shopping can be found within 5 mins walk.A few points to not but note even worth mentioning. The room was spacious and very clean. Shower could have been a bit better but good enough.Will book it again when we return.	
Aug 14 2008 	Fantastic stay in NY	I can't rate the Affinia 50 highly enough. We have just returned from a weeks stay with our 4 year old daughter and it was a real home from home. Location is perfect within easy reach of central park and fifth avenue with subway close by and you can pick up the circle line tour bus from the Waldorf astoria on 50th and Madison.The junior suite was a perfect size for us and it was lovely to have the kitchen you can stock up at the Food emporium on second ave at 51st st if you don't want to eat out constantly.I was so impressed with the little touches provided by the hotel - we booked the family package and received a frommers kids NYC guide and numerous leaflets, books and maps which were invaluable.I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again so if you're considering it just go for it you won't be disappointed.	
Aug 12 2008 	Just perfect	This hotel was just perfect.Great location close to all attractions and directly opposite a car hire station. Large room with two queen beds and even a kitchen. Internet available at small cost. The beds were unbelievably comfortable. The room was quiet and the air conditioning was effective without being in any way intrusive.The staff were fantastic. Really helpful. The doormen all went out of their way to be friendly and offer advice.The hotel also had a lounge on the second floor and a fitness suite.I can't think how it could be improved. If we ever go back to New York there is no question at all that we will return to this hotel.Just perfect!	
Aug 12 2008	Great Suites Fantastic Staff	The staff Selvin, Gloria and Sandra were great !!!! Always smiling, very attentive... The cleaning staff arranged our children´s stuffed animals on the pillows as if we were at home !!!! Close to evrything.... Did take out for breakfast at Mcdonalds which is downstairs, great savings on food... Did takeouts for lunch and dinner from deli around the corner... BIG savings on food, great to eat in the suite as a family... GREAT FOR KIDS...	
Aug 4 2008 	great place to stay in Manhattan	This hotel is conveniently located on 50th and 3rd which is near everything. The rooms are spacious.and the service is outstanding.They are so friendly and helpful. I will only stay here when i visit Manhattan.	
Jul 29 2008	Great location friendly staff	This was our second stay at Affinia 50 and we weren't disappointed. It's not a luxury hotel but the rooms are large for NYC. There is no bar on site or fancy restaurant but if you want good, clean, well equipped accommodation in Mid Town then you can't really go wrong with A 50. The staff are friendly and very helpful. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great Hotel to stay with kids	We stayed at the AFFINA 50 in July for 2 nights with our 3 children aged 6,8 and 9. We were pleasently surprised at the size of the room, there were 2 double beds and a sofa which pulled out to a double bed also. There was a small kitchen which was a bit dated but we did not use it so it didn't matter to us. The beds were very comfortable and the kids loved the big flat screen tv. The location was really brilliant and within easy walking distance of so much. I would stay here again.	
Jul 28 2008 	great hotel!! best I've stayed at in New York!! big rooms!!	stayed with my 2 kids and husband for 3 nights!!! by far the biggest rooms in NYC I've ever stayed in. Location is great- 2nd avenue is 1 block over and has tons of great restaurants, subway within 1 block and most major sites within walking distance!! Loved having the kitchen- with the 2 kids it was such a luxury to have. The bathroom was a little small, but by NYC standards not small at all. Excellant customer service, staff.. ..we arrived on a Friday as well as about 8 other Very loud people on our floor!! The walls are relatively thin and the halls are not too wide... so if there are loud guests on your floor - you will hear them!! Other than that loved the hotel and would definitely stay here again!!	
Jul 25 2008	Pleasant stay	Great location, room was large and clean. After reading all the rave reviews I was a little disappointed as the lobbys / halls in the hotel as they are a bit tatty and it wasn't as &quot;fancy&quot; as I expected.However I am not too familiar with NYC hotels so perhaps my expectations were a little high.	
Jul 23 2008 	5 Star Hotel!!!	My daughter, her friend and myself stayed at the Affinia Dumont for 5 days last week. This was one of the best hotel stays I've ever had. Our room was on the 31st floor and we had a corner room. The views were spectacular. Everyone was completely helpful. We were complete novices in the big city and the staff was always helpful and friendly. After seeing some of the other hotels that I was considering choosing, I am sooooo glad that we chose this one. We chose the Dumont because of the reviews on this website and they were completely on target. Thanks for making my daughter's graduation trip so wonderful.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great Hotel/Apartments. Excellent Location.	I'll keep it brief...This hotel is in a great location, less than one block from the Waldorf Astoria, and only a couple of blocks (2 min walk) to nearest Subway station. 5 min walk to 5th Avenue etc.Staff extremely helpful and friendly. We had a one bedroomed suite which was a pretty impressive size, much bigger than other places i've stayed in NYC.If you, like me, are going for a few days break in NY, i'd highly recommend this hotel. Once again, the location is ideal.	
Jul 22 2008 	What a great little Hotel!	We just loved the Affinia 50, made our trip to New York just wonderful. Really has a great location on 3rd and 50th in New York, 10 min walk to 5th Avenue, and then another 10 or so to Times Square. It's far enough from the hustle and bustle that you can get some sleep at night. Personally I feel Times Square is too full-on to stay right there. Plenty of space in the 1 bedroom suite, separate bedroom and living area. Tiny bathroom - but we coped. Handy kitchen for breakfast in the room, great coffee shops and restaurants nearby. Dos Camino's accross the road is great Mexican and Marguerita's the best in town! Has a great vibe in the evenings and is full of hip locals. The front desk staff were great, and all other staff were polite and friendly. Handy laundry in the basement wwhen you travel with kids its great to be able to do a spot of washing with out having to pay the expensive &quot;Send-out&quot; costs. Mani the doorman was awesome, always has a smile and the best tips around. If you have little girls, you HAVE to visit the American Girl Place store on 5th and 49th. They will be in heaven - but take pleanty of money!! I would absolutely recommend the Affina 50 for location, service, comfy beds and a great base for your stay in New York.	
Jul 20 2008 	No problems at all	I'm going to go ahead and give this one a 5. Big, QUIET, room (by Manhattan standards). GREAT location - walked there from Grand Central Station. Service was great. My cell phone died, and they actually had the appropriate charger available at the front desk. Convenient!	
Jul 15 2008 	Could live in this place!	I hesitate to write this as it is already getting rave reviews and I'm afraid I won't be able to afford this hotel next time around. However, it is fabulous. The room in particular. We reserved a one-bedroom suite with a king bed. Huge, well appointed and the kitchen alone must have saved us about $50/day. The kitchen was fully stocked and there is a great grocery store just one block North of the hotel on 3rd avenue. Staff was very friendly and made some great restaurant recommendations. Also in a great location. You just can't beat this hotel in NYC!	
Jul 15 2008 	Fabulous	My husband and I stayed at the Affinia 50 for our 25th Wedding Anniversay and we found the hotel to be excellant. Lovely big, clean rooms and the staff were very helpful and accommodating and because it was our anniversary they very kindly gave us a room with a balcony. The Affinia 50 is within walking distance of many of the main attractions. The hotel also offers complimentary wine and cheese Mon - Thurs from 6-7 which gives you the opportunity to speak to other guests which can help you plan your stay. We would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Jul 10 2008 	Affinia 50 is worth every penny!	I have stayed at 7 different hotels while in NYC over the years and I must say that this was the best one I've stayed at to date. I dont normally write reviews of hotels but I loved my experience so much that I had to share. The hotel staff is professional, courteous, and very customer driven...we especially liked Rory (sp?)!!! We flew a red-eye and requested an early check-in the next day, which Rory happily accommodated us at 8:30am and checked us into an amazing, better than expected room. Aside from the professional staff, the rooms are bigger than any I've stayed in while in NYC. They're very clean and fairly modern (with the exception of the kitchen). But really, who gets a kitchen in a NYC room??!!??...so no complaints. The location of this hotel cant be beat. It's literally a block from the 6 line and 4-5 blocks from Rockefellar Center. It's far enough away from the craziness of Time Sq/Theater District but close enough to walk to (10 min walk). All-in-all, if you have the money to spend on this hotel, do it! You wont be disappointed.	
Jul 9 2008 	Affinia 50 - Fantastic!!!!	Did not know what to expect, as accommodation in New York is very expensive and the Affinia was quite reasonable by comparison.Arrived to Affinia 50 by airport transfer and greeted by very friendly and helpful staff.Received a free upgrade to a larger, self-contained apartment. Apartment was clean and huge! Location was tremendous! Sports lounge was excellent and I would definately stay here again!	
Jul 8 2008 	Fantastic Stay!	Fantastic experience at the Affinia 50! I have stayed in several hotels in NYC and have never had such a wonderful hotel experience. The staff were extremely accommodating and friendly. The room that I had was extremely spacious and relatively unexpensive for NYC. The location was fantastic. The hotel is a short walk to Central Park, Times Square and 5th Avenue shopping. The subway is one block away. I have nothing negative to say about this hotel. I am looking forward to the next time that I stay at the Affinia.	
Jul 8 2008	New York's BEST place to stay!!!!!!	I had read several reviews about this hotel and when we arrived we were thrilled!!!!! The staff was just wonderful!!!! The doormen upon arrival back after a LONG day of sight seeing always met us with &quot;Welcome Home&quot;. The rooms were spacious and housekeeping was the best. We stayed for 7 days and 6 nights with 2 adults and 3 teenagers and were VERY comfortable in a Jr. Suite. This was my 3rd trip to NY City and trust me....I have found a home in Affinia. This will be my ONLY place to stay when I return!!!!!	
Jul 3 2008 	Great hotel	We stayed here for 5 nights with our two teenagers, the room was a lovely size, with two queen beds that were the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The room was pleasantly decorated with lots of lighting and was always clean. Our room backed on to an elevator shaft but we did not hear any noise from it. Wonderful location, easily walk to the major sights, like Empire State and Times Square. The staff are all very friendly and helpful especially the concierges. No problems at all, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great Palce	It was my first trip to New York &amp; stayed for couple of nights in this hotel, I had a great experience. The room size was good very different from what I had read &amp; heard that in NY the size of rooms are really small. The beds were a delight, so comfortable that they would take away tiredness of all day. The staff very polite, helpful &amp; served with smile. It is small bouquet hotel but OK for the price they charge. The location is great right next to the metro &amp; very near to the center of the city. I will recommend it to everbody. Thanks folks for making my stay in NY a really memorable one.	
Jun 23 2008 	A great place for a family to stay	My family and I (wife and children ages 7 and 4) stayed there (1st time) for four nights Jun 8-12 and had a wonderful stay. It was as many people have posted previously. Excellent location, rooms are very spacious (we had a suite with a small kitchennette) and it worked out very well. Clean, quite (stayed on 14th floor and no street noise). I travel and stay in NYC yearly and will stay at the 50 again Good family-style Itailian restaurant on 2nd Ave (El Pescatori)!	
Jun 20 2008 	Great value with huge rooms.	I stayed here with my sister in late May in a Junior Suite with two queen beds. First impressions of the room were very positive - it was huge, clean and all the furniture was more than adequate. The small &quot;lounge space&quot; made all the difference, so coming back to the hotel after a day wandering around Manhattan, it was easy to relax on the sofa. Alternatively, the club room on the 2nd floor was extremely comfortable and quiet, and a great way to take a moment to relax (and get a free glass of wine).Couple of cons - the room was rather warm for the first couple of days and the air con only really kicked in during the weekend. Also, the lack of obvious stairs between the 1st and second floors meant that the lift was always in action - and with only two of them, there was often a wait before one turned up. $10 a day for Internet was also a pain - but you could access staples free internet from the club room - so that's always an option if you just need to check email.But those are minor concerns. If you're heading over to NYC for a short break, then the location (10 mins walk from the best part of 5th avenue, and right next to the subway), the spacious rooms and the friendly staff make this an ideal place to stay.	
Jun 12 2008 	Great! Even has a balcony!	We love this hotel! We had a corner room that had a living area, kitchen, back bedroom and even a small terrace, Loved having our morning coffee and evening champagne overlooking the street life. The beds were heavenly. I even tried out the pillow menu. Beautiful lobby, great location. Very lively and the staff superb! I have stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for $700.00/night, but prefer Affinia 50 for it's quaintness and spacious accomodations. Plus, you don't have to pay $30.00 for a pot of coffee! Definitely recommend!	
Jun 10 2008 	Great experience at the Affinia 50	We just returned from a trip to NY and stayed at the Affinia 50. We were very pleased with this experience and this hotel is a real gem. We reserved a one bedroom suite with a king bed. Initially when we got to our room we saw that we had a queen bed. We called down to the front desk and told them that we had reserved a room with a king bed. They told us they would get us a different room and in about 40 minutes we had a room change. We were given what must have been a deluxe room on the 21st floor. This was the best hotel room we've ever had. It was huge with multiple windows, very clean and nicely appointed. Our teenage son had his own space and we had ours. I would highly recommend this hotel especially if you are traveling with kids.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great Hotel Friendly Staff	We stayed at the Affinia 50 for 4 nights from 22nd May 2008.We chose this hotel after reading many reviews both here and on other websites. We were impressed by comments about room sizes being favourable compared to many hotels in NYC, and very positive comments about the friendliness of the hotel staff.The hotel lived up to our expectations in every way. We booked a Junior Suite as we were in NYC to celebrate my partner’s birthday. The room (Room 1404) was very spacious, clean, and comfortable. We both thought the bed was one of the most comfortable we had ever slept in. We did hear a little street noise (mainly sirens and large trucks), but accept that this is inevitable in NYC.I’d informed the hotel we were celebrating a birthday, and found a bottle of sparkling wine on-ice when we got to our room, with a card from the Gerneral Manager.The Club Lounge is a great idea – complimentary tea and coffee available all day. It was great to be able to grab a coffee on the way back to our room after a long day of sight-seeing and shopping.All of the staff we encountered were very friendly and had a great positive attitude to everything – nothing was too much trouble. In particular, the doormen/concierge were extremely friendly and helpful. On one occasion, I asked for 3 of our 4 bags to be brought from the storage area individually, as we needed things from the bags on the last day – they brought the correct bags when asked, and remained friendly and positive throughout.On our last day we checked out of our room and went shopping, returning to collect our bags late in the afternoon before heading to the airport. We used the shower in the Gym to freshen up. A small room in the Gym includes the shower, washbasin, and toilet. There are plenty of towels available, and a dispenser in the shower containing shower gel, shampoo, and conditioner. There is also a hairdryer.This is a great facility – but there is only one shower, so allow plenty of time if you plan to use it, just in case it’s occupied.Overall we had a great stay, and would be happy to recommend this hotel.	
Jun 6 2008 	Cheers Affinia	Our stay at the Affinia was a very good one. The entire staff is very accomodating and attentive. We were able to check in to our room very early after a 6.00am arrival in New York. This was very welcomed. We stayed in a junior suite on the 10th floor. The room was comfortable and clean. The temperature in the room was very easily adjusted and the street level noise was non existent. The beds are very comfortable. The Lobby area also smelled particularly lovely on more than one occassionThis is a location that I have stayed at before and it is a favourite as everyhthing is either within walking distance or a taxi ride away. The subway is also very close. This location is just great.One of the strong points of the hotel is the Club Room. This is a beautifully appointed area where breakfast is available in the morning and wine most evenings, but it is also a great area to relax or meet with vistors.We did not use the gym but looked it, it was clean and had the necessary equipment and towels.The room service menu from Mint looked delicious but did not have the time to try it.What sets this hotel apart has to be its gracious and attentive staff, the location and the Club Room	
May 29 2008 	Good hotel great location	Stayed 5 nights at the Affinia 50 and here are my comments:Pro: Regarding NYC hotel standards, this one is quite good. Big rooms, well furnished, door and reception staffs are very friendly and very helpful. The location is great and there is a subway station near the hotel. Room service is very good, we had the pleasure to test it and really, there is nothing to say, the food quality is excellent. A big point for a NYC hotel: the hotel is clean! The hotel management is very professional (good job guys).Cons: Not many really. The rooms are showing slights of age, but clean and in my opinion it is more important. Some towels had stains; maybe the hotel should do the necessary to replace towels with stains... Our room was quite noisy (room in the 9th floor with view to the main street), but we are in NY the city that never sleeps.Would I recommend this hotel? Absolutely!Will I stay in this hotel again? Yes, without any doubts.	
May 19 2008 	Great Stay	Four adults stayed at the Affina on our trip to New York,the doorman gave us our first impressions which were lovely,so friendly.Our rooms were huge two of the most comfey beds I have ever slept in.We did have a problem with hot water,so they moved us straight away to another room which was just as big.They softened the inconvenience with a bottle of champagne which was unnecessary but greatly appreciated.The rooms were well decorated and funished,and kept cleanWe thought the breakfast was really good,lots of fruit,smoked salmon, pastries.Filled us up for the day for £7 UK pounds.We had a very nice time, finding the staff especially the doormen very helpful and friendly,only too happy to stop taxi(sorry cabs) and advise on eating places.Pax just down the road was very good for snacks etc.We loved their hats,and they were very free with the umbrella's,the weather was terrible the first day we were there.But they still had a smile.The only downsides would be,the road noise,but we were in the middle of New York.The lack of a kettle for us Brits who like a cuppa,we used the saucepan to boil the water.We would all recommend the Affina to anyone who was thinking of staying in New York	
May 17 2008 	great venue	We had been trawling through lots of reviews on tripadvisor for our trip to New York , undecided between a number of hotels , namely Waldorf Astoria, Affinia Manhattan and Affinia 50 , originally i wanted to go to the Waldorf....for no other reason than its global name , and it would be a giggle to have stayed where King Jofi Jaffa from Zamunda had stayed in &quot;Comming to America&quot;..but the reviews read indiferently..so we opted for the Affinia 50 ...Ok some pros and Cons.....Pro......position is fantastic , walkable to Rockafella, Grand Central,Central Park, Empire State,Chrysler, Times Square ...you know all the main attractions , Hotel is clean, staff very attentive, quality is great, we had a queen on the fifth floor....no no not Elton...a room..size was reasonable for a central New York hotel , only down side really was the &quot;smog hog&quot; machine below our room ...but hey ho its no worse than the air con running i suppose..they have a club room on the second floor (free wine/cheese 6-7pm) ad free coffee all day...great idea and a nice place to take five after walking the streets.The guys on the front door are very helpfull and have good knowledge of the ciy ...just ask them! We stayed 4 nights and had a great time there...the Cons...not many really , its not especially cheap...but then no where in town is,the corridor decor is showing slight signs of age ..or is it my taste?? i dont know and thats about it for the cons really ...would i recomend it ..yes definately , and would i go back , yes i would , without a thought.As for the rest of the trip, New York was what i expected and so much more , its fast , its alive, but everyone is laid back and cool with it all, We arrived on the Sat afternoon , in from Newark Liberty , we arranged a &quot;super shuttle&quot; transfer on line, cost 40 dollars each return...well worth it , dead easy pick up/drop off and collect from the hotel on the way back .est advise i can give would be to get down to Time Square asap and buy a ticket for the open top bus , they do three loops , uptown,downtown and a night loop...50 dollars gets you all three on a hop on hop off basis for 48hrs ..do the loops see where ya want to go, guides are excellent.for you guys who dont live in a city (like us) and dont use the tube/underground....dont be affraid of the subway..its cheap ,quick and safe, you can get from Rockafeller to Battery/wallstreet in 18 mins...Also ,dont buy into the empire state tour or the statue of liberty tour....get some discount vouchers for the observation deck on top of the Rockerfeller its fabulous! and go on the Statten Island Ferry...its free and goes right past the statue of liberty...World Tade Centre site will make you think and will almost make you cry...unless your one of those looney extremist!Central Park is just increadible , right in the middle of all the madness....tranquility!Shops bore me (the wife like em though) but they are all here and for all the nutter saddos out there the Apple Store is unnderground and looks like geeksville usa...that said ..i had to go in!tell you what surprised me the most ...the people...so polite , not as you would imagine, and very proud of their city , on a few occasions we looked a bit lost , map out, finger pointing..and regular people approached us asking if they could help or point us in the right direction...just increadible...or is it just our British ignorance? Traffic...traffic like you have never seen..its madness all day everyday...word of caution...the street crossings...when the hand is green...dont assume the traffic will stop for you!If you want any more info drop me an e-mail, no probsHope you have a good time if ya go	
May 13 2008 	Perfect base to explore New York City	This hotel is conveniently located on the corner of 50th St and 3rd Ave and provides an ideal base to explore this wonderful city. We stayed here for 10 nights on our honeymoon and had a huge 1 bedroom suite on the 12th floor overlooking 3rd Ave. The room was clean and well appointed with a neutral, pleasant decor and was serviced daily. There was a kitchenette and average sized bathroom and the bedroom and lounge/dining room were both of an excellent size. The bed was huge and comfortable with the added bonus of a pillow menu to choose your perfect pillow. The wine &amp; cheese in the club room on level two was a nice touch as was the &quot;welcome home&quot; you recieve from the doorman upon returning but we didn't have breakfast in the hotel, instead prefering to try the range of diners and bagel places nearby. This hotel is adjacent to the main &quot;tourist&quot; hub, so you get the best of both worlds; it's quiet enough to relax after a long day of sightseeing, but close enough to a range of sights such as Rockerfeller Plaza, 5th &amp; Madison Avenues and Times Square. If you're an avid walker (as we are) it's a most enjoyable walk to Central Park, and also downtown towards the Flatiron district. The number 6 subway stop is at the end of the block which is great for getting to Brooklyn Bridge/City Hall stop and Grand Central Station is only a few blocks away for getting downtown.There are a number of great restaurants (relatively) close, Asia De Cuba (on Madison Ave) and Brasserie Ruhlmann (at the Rockerfeller center) were two of our favourites. Overall, I can highly recommend this hotel as a fantastic base to enjoy all that this amazing city has to offer.	
May 13 2008 	Just what we were looking for	Based on the reviews from the site, I felt pretty comfortable booking at the Affinia 50 and we weren't disappointed. There were 4 of us (8 &amp; 10 year old) and we had so much room. The location was great. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Rome, the doorman greeted us with a &quot;Welcome home&quot; when we arrived. The gave my wife a flower on Mother's Day when we checked out. Only negative was a smaller bathroom with 4 of us, but we used the mini-kitchen sink as an alternate place to brush teeth, get a drink of water, etc. I love finding out good things to do from these reviews so I will add in a couple. There is a bagel place just around the corner called Ess a Bagel. It was listed in our tour book as one of the best in NYC. We ate there 3 out of 4 days. For a family of 4, out breakfast bill came to about $14 each day. We walked to the Comfort Diner one day and that was a good sit down traditional breakfast place too. Two other family friendly places the kids loved, Ellen's Stardust Diner near Times Square. The waiters &amp; waitresses sing between waiting on tables. The kids loved it. Food was pretty good diner fare too. The second place was The Peanut Butter Company in Greenwich Village. My daughter lives on peanut butter so this was one of her highlights. It was a small little hole in the wall and definitely off the beaten track. It was fun to get away from the touristy stuff and see real people(not tourists) going about their daily lives. You see apartment buildings &amp; parks &amp; pickup basketball games, etc. Kids loved the food and the general neighborhood feel.Since this was for the Affinia, I will wrap up and say I would definitely stay here again. Especially compared to the other options directly in the area and for the price.	
May 11 2008	A Decent Stay At Affinia 50	Affinia 50 is in a wonderful midtown location. For New York, you get a lot of room for the money. We booked a junior suite for my parents which was as large as many one bedroom suites in New York. We stayed in a one bedroom suite which was the size of a small New York apartment.We have stayed at several NYC properties and this hotel did not provide the luxury of some of the other properties, but for the price, the room sizes and the location, we would consider staying at this property again.As a side note, they have complimentary wine in the lounge during the week and a movie for families on Sunday evenings.	
May 8 2008 	Affinia 50 lived up to its Trip Advisor reputation!	Once again, we'd read the good reviews and we were still pleasantly surprised. Large rooms (there were four of us including two teenage boys and there was plenty of room), very comfortable beds, great location and VERY good staff. They were friendly and helpful, even providing cakes and a card when I mentioned it was my son's birthday. We were on the 9th floor and it was a little noisy at night looking out over 3rd Avenue, but we were used to it by the second night. All in all a great place to stay as a base for a superb NYC break.We liked the luncheonette only a few doors down for breakfast, especially when we found out we were sitting in the same chair as Obama when he had eaten there! Recommend the little Italian restaurant on the corner of 50th and 2nd (about five minutes walk) called the Lasagna. Check out the NBC tour in the Rockefeller Centre and go up to the top of the Rockefeller at night. Virtually same views as Empire State, but NO queues! Our boys LOVE the NBA store, and definitely recommend a Knicks game at MSG if its the right time of year.If you're shopping for teenagers find the Adidas store in Soho, possibly the coolest shop in the world.	
May 8 2008 	Great Home Base for NYC trip	We stayed at the Affinia 50 from April 23rd through April 29th. We had a wonderful large corner room on the 17th floor. No view, we faced a wall, but I think that actually helped to buffer the street noise which was not an issue for us. This hotel was a fantastic home base for us for our week's stay. There were three of us, all adults and the location was convenient for us to drop in and recharge during the day as we saw the sights. I was most impressed with the professionalism and friendliness of the staff and with the cleanliness of our room. The beds were very comfortable and I do agree that the temperature of the room overnight was warmer than I prefer but we slept well. The kitchenette was a bonus, especially having the large refrigerator so we could bring home leftovers. Overall, I would stay here again and would recommend to fellow travelers for a decent sized room, a pleasant experience and a great location.	
May 6 2008 	Great location friendly staff	I spent four nights at the Affinia 50 with my husband for our sight-seeing and shopping trip to New York. The hotel's location is excellent: Rockerfeller Plaza is just around the corner, as is Grand Central, and it is not far to walk to 5th Avenue for great shopping or Times Square. We did walk all the way to Macys. which is a fair distance, but plenty of shops and sights along the way so we found it an easy walk.The reception and door staff are exceptionally friendly and helpful, providing suggestions to answer our every query and a welcome greeting and goodbye every time we arrived and left the hotel. Plenty of lifts for the size of the hotel (no long waits).Rooms are small but nicely furnished - ours had two big beds, a desk and two chairs and a chest of drawers with big TV on top. Windows were high up and did not allow any view out (I assume the way we faced was not worth a view), so the room was quite dark. The bathroom was small but nice and modern and sparkly clean. Nice Aveda toiletries replenished daily. Our room was a bit too hot and the air conditioner they'd installed didn't work so it was a bit stuffy, but that's the only complaint of the whole stay.On 2nd floor there is a nice casual lounge room in which to have continental breakfast ($14.95 per person) and afternoon tea/coffee (free - just drinks no food). As this is just one floor above the lobby, I would not recommend having a room on this floor as we did as it can be a bit noisy when people are checking in late at night.Close to the hotel I recommend Pax (left &amp; left again out the main door) for sandwiches, soup, salad type lunch. And Luncheonette (a couple of doors down) for breakfast/brunch.Definitely would recommend it and would go back, but would request a high floor and a room with proper size windows.	
May 5 2008 	Home from Home	We have recently returned from a short break to New York where we stayed at the Affinia 50 Hotel - part of the Affinia grup of hotels of which there a few in New York.We chose the Affinia 50 for it's location in &quot;Midtown&quot; just a few blocks away from the Rockerfeller Centre and within walking distance of hte southern end of Central Park.Our room, two queens size beds as there were three of us was on the 17th floor with views down on to 3rd Avenue. THe room was clean, tidy and all that you need for a short stay in New York as you only really need a place to sleep/recover from the hectic days.The staff were very friendly and most helpful and you have a &quot;pillow menu&quot; to choose from - we chose a buckwheat pillow and hypo-allergenic on but there are 6 to choose from.You can take breakfast in the 2nd floor lounge area but we chose to go to the local diner - 4 doors down the road - well worth a visit. On certain nights there is a guest welcome meeting - wine and cheese plus a chat which we managed to make on one occassion - again worth popping in if you have the time.We didn't use the on site gym but we did have a quick look in and it had everything you might need - if you have the time/inclination.We couldn't fault the hotel and New york was certainly a lot quieter over the weekend - once Monday came along things got a lot busier.A must is a trip up to the top of the Rockerfeller Centre - if it's a clear day you can see for miles and the views are spectacular. We chose to go up on our first day and it really gives you a better idea of the scale of Manhattan Island and the distances to the &quot;sites&quot;.You can catch the subway one block over on Lexington - take a trip to the Staten Island Ferry - about 15/20 minutes on the subway - by cab it could take up to an hour!!Make an early start and come back to the hotel late afternoon ready for a shower before hitting the light of Broadway for an evening show.Martin, Sally and Laura WardWokinghamUK	
Apr 27 2008 	Great Location	Just came back from a 4 night stay. It was our first time to New York City and we quite enjoyed ourselves.A little bewildering on why this hotel got such high reviews. The location was great and all the staff were supurb but the actual rooms were tiny and not posh like some of the other reviews had stated. It didn't help that we were only on the fourth floor with a view of a brick wall and close enough to the street that we could hear the traffic and horns going all night. Our room was no better than an average Best Western but smaller. Now from what I gather, this is New York so I shouldn't be picky, but for $300+ a night I expected a little more. Again I must tell you that the staff was great and very helpful.As far as location, I don't think you can beat it. Its close enough to the Time Square &amp; Theartre district that you can easily walk the 10 or 12 blocks. Its even closer to the 5th Ave shopping area and just down the street from the Rockefeller Plaza. The subway access is just around the corner so getting anywhere in Manhattan is a breeze. Lots of early morning bagel joints within the area as well as lots of nice restaurants for dinner. You can't go wrong with this location. I just wish the hotel rooms were a little larger.A few tourist pointers. Get a good subway map from the hotel. Get a transit card from the subway entrance and load up $20 each on a card and use it.Skip the Empire State Building, we went at 10 PM and they say its only a 30 minute line up, but thats 30 minutes just to get to where you pay then you line up at the first elevator and then again for the second elevator. All in all, a 90 minute up and down for a 5 minute awe inspiring view with you and 1000 of you closest friends. Do the top of the Rock for the same price and no line ups. Take the subway to the Staten Island Ferry and go on (its free) and get a up close a personal view of the Statue of Liberty...both ways. Its about an hour round trip and everyone gets on the ferry as there are 3 or 4 of them going every 15 - 20 minutes.Buy your Broadway show tickets and the South Street Marina area where they have half off ticket prices but don't expect the block buster shows to be available.All in all, a nice stay, we just expected something with a little more WOW power.	
Apr 26 2008 	Great Value and Big Rooms	We chose the Affinia 50 for a visit with our 2 kids (ages 9 and 15) and were very pleased with the room, location and service. We often stay in NYC for business, and have stayed in many hotels and we were very impressed with the size of the room, the nice decor and the overall comfort. The front door staff is very friendly and efficient. I would highly reccomend this hotel for the value.	
Apr 25 2008 	Beautiful New York	We stayed at the Affina from 10/4/08 to 15/4/08 and had a trulywonderful stay. The staff were all so polite and helpful from the front desk through to the doorman and housekeepers. Having read a lot of the reviews we were aware of the couple ofnegatives that had been posted by previous guests.Yes the rooms can be hot at night and yes there is quite a bit oftrafic noise at night but this is New York after all- the city that never sleeps. Having mentioned the negatives though I would bequick to point out the positives far outweigh the negatives and wewould definitely recommend this hotel - a real Gem! We booked the city sights bus tour and thought it was a great way to see the city. The guides were brilliant with a great sense ofhumour and excellent value for money.We got around by a mixture of walking , taxi's or taking the subway. The subway is a great cheap way to get around. We tookour 2 children with us aged 8 and nearly 10 and both had a great time. The luncheonette a few doors up on 50th st does a great breakfast and sets you up for the day. The people of New York were so helpful , lovely and charming thanks for making us feel so welcome. Thank you to all the staff at the Affina for helping make our family trip to New York so memorable- at trip we shall never forget. Hope to return soon.A special hello to Sammy thre doorman. Love the Spiers family.xx	
Apr 23 2008 	Very friendly service!	We stayed 2 nights at the Affinia with our 3 daughter all under the age of 12. It was fantastic. We had a junior suite and it was so spacious. I never would have expected this much space in NY. There were 2 queen beds and a pull out sofa. We loved the pillow menu and chose the memory foam and sound pillows. The kids loved plugging their ipods into the pillow and being able to listen without head phones. We went to the continental breakfast 1 morning. It was good. I had thought that it was a bit pricey but the previous morning we had spent $63 on breakfast next door, so $51 for a family of 5 seemed like a bargain. Our room also had a full kitchen that was very nice. We didn't use it but next time we would, at least for breakfast. One of the best things about the hotel is the employees. They are so polite and friendly from Sammy who helped us with our luggage to Joan the housekeeper. The doormen were great too. I would definitely recommend this hotel. It exceeded my expectations.	
Apr 22 2008	Great Hotel very friendly service	Spent a few days in NYC with the kids and was looking for a hotel with some room. The affinia 50 did not disappoint as these rooms allow ample room to spread out. The beds were great. The hotel is showing a little bit of aging but is still quite quiet for being in NYC. Staff were so friendly with our young children. Easy walk to the subway and the sites.	
Apr 17 2008 	Really nice hotel	Just back from New York and our stay at the Affinia50. Would really recommend this hotel to anyone. Great location, within walking distance from 5th ave and all the tourist sights. Hotel room was nice with comfy beds, and the little kitchen was a great extra. Best of all, the staff were really friendly which all made for a really enjoyabe stay	
Apr 16 2008 	Great hotel	My daughter and I stayed at the Affinia 50 Hotel, 155 East 50th Street (on the corner of 3rd Avenue) in New York City, from Thursday 10/4/08 until Monday 14/4/08.The hotel was immaculate, great value for money, staff really helpful and pleasant. Guest Room a great size (even though we thought they would be much smaller).Great location. Close to the Chrysler building and 50th Street takes you right into the centre of Rockefeller Centre and close by Times Square.Would defintely recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 15 2008	Good Hotel	Stayed here for three nights in February. It's a really good hotel in a great location. I had a problem at check in as my room wasn't ready but after that the hotel staff were really helpful. They recommended some great restaurants and had a great knowledge of the area. The door staff were great too - very helpful in the freezing weather in February. I think the hotel is really good value - particularly with the current dollar rate. Our room was classed as a suite and was a really good size with two double beds and a small kitchen. The only down side was the breakfast which was one of the worst I've ever had. There was a breakfast place a couple of doors down which looked great but was very busy. Overall would reccommend this hotel with the plus points being the rooms, the staff (apart from when I checked in!) and the location.	
Apr 15 2008 	Super stay	We stayed at the Affinia 50 at the beginning of April for five days and, like almost everyone else, found it to be an excellent choice. Before arrival I had emailed Joseph Rauer to advise him that we would be arriving before the standard check-in time and he told us he would make sure that one of our two rooms was ready for us early. In fact, they both were, which was great. (He also let us have a late checkout on the day we left, which was brilliant). We had upgraded to junior suites on a high floor for both our rooms and were delighted we had. There was so much room in my son’s room on the 16th floor that I think it was bigger than my first flat! A complimentary bottle of wine and large nut assortment in the rooms went down very well and were a nice touch. The beds are very comfortable and although there is noise from the street I didn’t find that it stopped me sleeping and I am usually very restless when I'm away from home. The rooms are clean and simply decorated and although the bathroom is small it is so well stocked we didn’t have to bring our own toilettries. Yes, the kitchens could do with a facelift but they are functional and it meant we could enjoy a coffee and bagels from Ess-en-Bagel on 3rd between 50 and 51st Street in comfort. I know people have recommended the lunchonette but we found it overpriced and my son was sick after eating there on our second day. The staff, from front of house throught to housekeeping, are all great - helpful but not in your face all the time. The doormen were lovely with my teenage son, even when they discovered he was a Knicks fan! The night we had to cancel our arrangements because my son was ill we asked one of the guys on reception for a restuarant recommendation and were directed to a noodle shop close by. It doesn’t look much at all but if you're after cheap, good Chinese food then Mee’s on 2nd between 49 and 48th Street is a good bet. It’s well located to reach almost everywhere you might want to go with ease and if we go to NY again I’m sure we’ll go back to the Affinia 50, too.	
Apr 10 2008 	Keep coming back	This is our third time to stay in the Affinia 50 and it still amazes us. The staff are terrific and even remembered us from our previous visit last year. The service across the board is without compare, friendly, professional and always quick with a smile. The lack of a bar and reastaurant is no handicap whatsoever. We are already talking about dates for a return, it cannot come soon enough.	
Apr 9 2008 	Great base to explore New York	We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of Feb/start of March. We based our choice on the great reviews on Tripadvisor, and were not diappointed.The staff at the hotel were always friendly and accommodating, and extremely polite. When returning after being out for the day the doorman would be sure to say 'Welcome home'. This was our first trip to New York, but everyone tells us about the tiny room sizes - this was an exception. Our room was actually pretty huge - although the kitchen was tiny, but adequate. Well decorated, lacking for nothing. Air con / heating was quick to adapt to new settings. Only complaint would be the noise. Again, not having stayed in NY before, maybe this is the same everywhere, but we were shocked by the incessant noise from the traffic on the street below - we were on the 5th floor. The cabs honking drove us mad as it happened every few seconds, and started early and finished very late. Location-wise we thought it was great. Out of the very touristy areas around Times Square etc, but still within easy reach of everything. We mostly walked everywhere and found it no trouble - although on the 2 occasions we used the metro we found the nearest stop was only 3-4 mins walk away.Breakfast was good - although a greater selection would have made it better, but then I always think that in US hotels. The club room was great, mostly there was only ourselves and perhaps one other set of people there. You could sit and relax, read a paper, have a free coffee/snack. They actually say that you can return the to club room on any future trip to NY, even if you don't stay at their hotel. I think this is a bit of a gimmick as they know most people won't take them up on the offer, but I will certainly bear it in mind if I return to New York.The lifts were reliable and quick - I have been to places before where you have to wait ages to get up/down which is not fun if you are several floors up - but no such problems here.One thing lacking was wireless internet access. Not a huge problem, but it's pretty standard nowasdays and would have been nice to have. You could pay for wired-in access but it was quite steep per day so not worth it.Overall thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely return.	
Apr 8 2008 	Great all rounder but not luxurious	Just came back from a week at the Affinia 50 which I booked on the strength of the Trip Advisor reviews. It was not the gem I expected after reading the glowing reviews but we were very happy and comfortable there and all-in-all the good points outweigh the bad points. However the number 9 rating out of all the NY hotels is hard to justify and might mislead future guests. It's a very nice place to stay and the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful but it's certainly not one of the top 10 hotels in NY! I have stayed at many of the big luxury NY hotels on previous business trips (including the Pierre, Plaza, InterContinental, Royalton, Sheraton etc.) and they are in a different league even on a bad day but then they are probably twice the price of the Affinia. So go to the Affinia if you want a nice comfy hotel that is clean, friendly, well located and economical especially for families and groups but don't expect luxury.I was there on my own with 2 teenagers and we had a Junior Suite on the 10th floor. The room was big and very comfortable but the decor and furniture was pretty basic and the kitchen and bathroom were a bit dated (tho perfectly functional). The towels had also seen better days so I wasn't too excited about the Aveda toiletries (don't people bring their own stuff?). The only real issue I have with the hotel is the noise from the street at night with the garbage trucks and other traffic. I bought earplugs from the pharmacy in the end otherwise I would have had a sleepless week. The quality of the windows leave something to be desired so if I went back I would request a room at the back and as high up as possible. Good points:The location - very easy to walk everywhere and lots of places to eat locally or buy your own food. Highly recommend the bagel place round the corner on 3rd Avenue for breakfast but NOT the luncheonette a few doors away that other people have recommended - its not good at all!The gym - very small but they have modern treadmills and cross trainers and I was mostly the only person there in the morning.The free wine &amp; cheese midweek - this is a really nice idea. The staff - enough has been said about them by othersBad points:The area/location - a bit tatty and not very picturesque but it's very central so that makes up for itLack of hotel bar/restaurantPrice of the extras - I agree with the previous reviewer that $10 a day for internet is ridiculous and $15 for breakfast is overpriced no matter how much you can eat.But I would still recommend it especially for families as you can sleep quite a few in the large rooms and self cater so that's a big plus....	
Apr 5 2008 	Reasonable NYC accomodations but sterile	This hotel prompted a variety of impressions in my mind throughout the week I stayed there. Though there were good and bad impressions I'd have to say that in the end the bad overtook the good in many ways.First, a little about the area. I hadn't really spent much time in the east part of midtown for over 15 years. If you're a shopper and like the big department stores, this area might be fun. In my view it is lacking character and feels too dispersed, like a suburb. In certain respects it's still fairly convenient, especially with respect to the museums along the east side, the park, and Carnegie Hall. Yet, each time I left the hotel I found myself wanting to get somewhere else quickly. You really feel like your in tourist land. There's some modest relief if you walk a bit further east to 2nd and grab a pint at one of the Irish pubs.My initial impression of the hotel and lobby was that it had that modern, sterile appearance. Lots of brushed aluminum, marble, &quot;angles&quot;, plexiglass waterfall, etc. Boring. The room was much the same with a rather sterile, monochrome feel to it. With respect to size the room was admittedly a pretty good deal for NYC. Very spacious. Not a huge amount of closet space but enough. There was a desk and reading chair as well. The room was fairly quiet at night with the double-paned glass and substantial drapes even though 3rd is pretty much a non-stop stream of taxis until very late. If you like the feeling of being hermetically sealed off from your surroundings the rooms here may suit you well.The staff of the Affinia 50 were very nice and accomodating.Now, I have to ding the Affinia 50 in several respects:1. I'm not particularly fond of hotels that try to be elegant and yet have tacky minibars as the centerpiece of the room. 2. If you're going to give me a refrigerator, perhaps leave some space for the guest to store milk, beer, leftovers, etc., instead of filling it to the brim with overpriced drinks.3. $9.95/day for internet access these days!!? And no wireless!!? C'mon.In the end, though the Affinia 50 was adequate it just wasn't my type of hotel. Having stayed in NYC quite a bit in the last few years I've grown weary executive look and offerings.	
Apr 4 2008 	Perfect home in the city	The Affinia 50 exceeded our highest expectations. The room was huge by any standards. We loved the kitchen - we had coffee, juice, cereal and toast for breakfast in the mornings. The beds were plush and luxurious and they had a selection of six different types of pillows to choose from. Every member of the staff we came into contact with went out of their way to be courteous and helpfull. This is a very well-run hotel!	
Apr 3 2008 	nice but....	We stayed at Affinia 50 for 4 nights after reading all the great reviews at Tripadvisor. I must say: it is a very nice hotel, with friendly staff. But I am not sure if they are really the 9th hotel of New York.Positive:- Nice, friendly staff- Clean rooms- Nice decorated lounge at the 2nd floor- I found 14$ for such a nice Breakfast not too muchIssues to improve:- It is rather hot in the Hotel - We had a small issue booking a restaurant (the staff promised to do that for us, but at night we found out they had forgotten)- Kitchen looks old- Since the bathroom wasn't very large, it needs a fan- They should pay a bit more attention during breakfast (cleaning) The hotel is indeed located not too far from the main attractions. But it goes too far to call this a 'unique, perfect located hotel' Overall:We are positive and had pleasant stay. We were able to find a very good deal on internet (&lt; $800,- for 4 nights), which wasn't there anymore after we booked. There is certainly a change that we would stay here again if we could find the same deal, but I doubt if we would stay here for over $1.100,- for 4 nights	
Apr 2 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	I stayed at the Affinia 50 for 4 nights in a one-bedroom suite in March with my husband and daughter. It was an overall great experience. The suite was huge--bigger than most apartments, especially those in NY! It had a large living room, separate dining area, small kitchen and a large bedroom. Only the bathroom was small--but the size of the rest of the suite made up for it. While it was not a super-luxury hotel, it was very clean and functional. The staff was always friendly, the location of the hotel was great, and the service was great.I travel to NY often for business and have stayed in many high-end hotels (often based on tripadvisor reviews). This was definitely deserving to be in the Top 10 list--I think it should be in the Top 3 myself. I would highly recommend it to anyone for business or personal travel.	
Apr 1 2008 	Home from Home	We returned last week from a 7 night stay at the Affinia 50 Hotel. Room was fantastic, staff were very polite and really helpful. Always nearby to lend a hand with getting a taxi or advice on nearby restaurants. Would not hesitate in recommending the hotel and will definitely stay there whenever we return to NYC!	
Mar 31 2008 	Great place but a few tips...	My husband and I just returned from six nights to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary. We asked for a quiet location and didn't care about a view, and were given room 701, a junior suite that faces the side of the McDonald's building next door. It was well protected from neighboring room noise (it was sandwiched between a stairwell and a supply closet) and fairly protected from street noise, but more about that in a minute. The room was very large and clean, the bed and chairs comfortable, and the bathroom well appointed and perfectly adequate for two people (though more than two might find it difficult to store their toiletries). The bathroom desperately needs an exhaust fan, as it has no vent or window, and a couple of days when I attempted to shower around noon I had to wait about 20 minutes for hot water (this didn't happen when showering earlier). The kitchen could use a larger coffeemaker that takes regular paper filters, as we did not like the in-room Puck's filter bags and wanted to brew our own coffee. The Azure deli around the corner has a great salad bar, including items such as stuffed tofu, sesame noodles, and seafood, a hot foods bar, and many essentials such as boxed cereal, baked goods, sandwiches, and drinks, so we went grocery shopping there and ate breakfast in our room every day and also brought in deli fixings for lunch or dinner. A table and chair set would have been much nicer to sit at than the work desk, and the room was actually large enough to accommodate both, but we only had the desk.I had read some reviewers' comments about rooms being too hot, and they were right. In fact, the entire hotel is overheated, and the heat seeps in through the walls and floors to the point where our room was too warm even though we kept our thermostat turned off and at least one window open to the 40-degree air at all times, including at night. Fortunately the sound of traffic was nearly drowned out by the nearby rooftop air conditioning units, which created a nice white noise for sleeping. Unfortunately, though, the smell of McDonald's often wafted in. A fan-only setting on the heating/AC unit would have been helpful to keep the room cooler and less stuffy, but the only option at this time of year was hot air, because the hotel hadn't yet switched over to AC. We're lucky that we didn't arrive later in spring, because I can just imagine how hot and stuffy the room would be if the outside air were warmer than the 30 to 55 degrees it was during the week we were there! Also, there were no screens on the windows, so insects could be a problem if you have to have the windows open.I do have a tip for dealing with the small and crowded elevators: Stay on a lower floor and take the stairs! We were on the 7th floor and managed to take the stairs most of the time, though that last flight was a bit of a struggle after a full day of sightseeing, especially given that the stairwells were about 85 degrees and we were bundled in our overcoats.The second floor lounge is quite nice and well appointed, and has two computers with Internet access for guests. The trouble is, there's no regulation of usage, so when my husband went there the night before our departure to print our airline boarding passes he was stuck in a line with several other like-minded guests who were waiting for a teenage girl to stop instant messaging her friends. Her mother finally told her to get off--but then the mother got on and proceeded to check her own email! The other computer was occupied by a family happily uploading their photos to Flickr, apparently not knowing or caring that others had more pressing computer needs. The staff needs to set some limits for usage and supervise that area.Overall, we would stay there again, but only during the cold season on the quiet side of the building, or during the hot season when the AC is turned on.	
Mar 31 2008 	Wonderful hotel - stay here when you visit NY	For a first visit to New York with my 12 year old son, I booked the Affinia 50 based on the great reviews I had read on tripadvisor. We weren't disappointed. From the moment we arrived everything went without a hitch. Our studio suite with 2 queen beds was huge and came with a fully equipped kitchen. The bed was possibly the most comfortable I have ever slept in, and the room was kept immaculately clean on a daily basis. All the staff were really friendly, polite and helpful, and the &quot;welcome home&quot; from the door staff after a hard days shopping or sightseeing was a real treat. The location between 50th and 3rd is terrific. Walking distance to all the main attractions and yet still far enough away from all the real noise and hustle and bustle. We stayed on the 10th floor and traffic noise was not a problem. I would recommend this hotel to anyone thinking about a trip to New York. It's certainly not the cheapest, but you get great quality and comfort for your money.	
Mar 30 2008 	Best in New York	Just returned from week at the Affinia in a junior suite. Staff were all very helpful, courteous and friendly. Our accommodation was faultless both in size and cleaniness. We enjoyed the evening complimentary wine and cheese and the opportunity to socialize with other guests. The position of the hotel makes it so easy to walk to all locations that you wonder why anyone would choose to stay elsewhere. We did visit the Waldorf but its sheer size, lack of charm and impersonal nature just emphasised the 'home from home' theme of the Affinia. Full marks to Joseph Rauer and his team.	
Mar 30 2008 	Simply the best!!	We've just returned from a 5 day stay at Affinia 50 - picked, after a lot of researching, as a result of reviews on this site. What a super hotel - from arrival late in the evening until departure, again late in the evening - everything was spot on. Friendly greeting from concierge front-doorman Roman and the reception staff, super suite on 16th floor with bottle of bubbly on ice waiting for us [wedding anniversary]. Room spotless and kept spotless each day. Who cares if there isn't a restaurant here? Several places for breakfast in the immediate area. Dinner at night? No problem - speak to the 2nd floor concierge who's got a very good hands-on feel for the local area. We'd recommend Houstons [ downstairs in the Citicorp building two blocks away] - for dinner - super food and not too much for the British stomach!!Go to Affinia 50 - you'll have a super stay in the Big Apple.DW - UK	
Mar 29 2008	Even Better Than the Reviews	The reviews were great but the hotel and staff were even better. Everyone from the doorman (who welcome you &quot;home) to the new GM Brian are so nice and accommidating. Sid and Jennifer handled all our needs (some even before arriving) at the conciege desk. Location is great too. Grocery,bakery,drug store,restaurants,deli and bars all are within a few blocks. Edward the bartender at MInt across the street makes great drinks. Pampano (mexican-tex) restaurant serves great mohitos and excellent ceviche. The guacamole is nice and chunky! Buttercup Bakery make some really moist and buttery cupcakes. I had not been to NYC since college (25 years ago). We went to a bar then and I really want to find it when we were there. Well to my amazement it was only 5 blocks from the hotel! It is called PJ Clarkes and it still looks the same with great burgers and oysters on the half shell. But back to the Affinia-all our requests were handle perfectly and quickly. The room was really large and not just by NYC standards. Bed was heavenly as were the pillows. You will not go wrong staying here and the price was very fair for the property, its staff and amenities	
Mar 28 2008 	Amazing Rooms..awesome people	This hotel is amazing. I have stayed here about 3 times and the room are like a condo. They have amazing beds, a ton of room--it looks like a mansion compared to regular hotel rooms in NYC. The staff is amazing and extremeley polite and very helpful. It is pricey to stay here..u defintely get treated like a king. The have a lounge on the second floor that we stayed in after we checked out and had a late show. We watched the flatscreen tvs on the couches by the fireplaces &lt;3. Defintely worth the price.	
Mar 28 2008 	Loved the Affinia	I booked our stay with Affinia 50 after reading many great reviews because I felt that it offered exactly what I was looking for in a hotel. I was a little disappointed that our two queen one bedroom suite was not available even though I confirmed our reservation the day before we left. David was really nice to us at the front desk, but I was still a little upset seeing as we had four women in our party and someone was going to have to stay on a roll away and the sofa! I was offered another room with two beds or one with one bed and a balcony, I really wanted the fresh air so we opted for the balcony. Our room was huge with plenty of space and the views from the 19th floor balcony were amazing!!!I found the temperature easy to operate and the plethora of windows made it easy to keep it perfect. I loved having a full kitchen, especially with heating leftovers and stocking water and other beverages for 5 days. The location can’t be beat; it was safe and accessible to everything. The service was wonderful and the staff made sure we had everything we needed!!! There are not many hotels in Manhattan you can get a balcony or have the space the Affinia has to offer; in fact, it was worth sleeping on the sofa and I don’t regret staying here one bit!!! I plan to always stay at the Affinia 50 when I come to NY; it has everything you need and much much more!!!PsHi David!!!	
Mar 27 2008	Great place for a family holiday!	We booked a one-bedroom suite (for a mixed work-holiday family visit to NY) at the Affinia 50 based on TripAdvisor reviews. We were not disappointed! From the friendly welcome, to the wonderful bellmen/reception/concierge staff, to the excellent daily service of the room, the staff were very courteous and helpful (e.g. with tips re. dining, visiting, etc.). Great location - near it all, but not in the middle of it! Subway nearby was very useful. Room was excellent - clean, bright, well-appointed and roomy. Kitchen was very useful, especially for breakfast - nearby shops helped us cater to fussy kids' tastes! Only blip was meagre in-house breakfast one morning - but on expressing our disappointment to staff, the charge was cancelled. without fuss. Would definitely return and recommend to others.	
Mar 26 2008 	A Must Stay!	Well, after reading many great reviews of Affinia 50 on tripadvisor, I booked this hotel for a period of 5 night and believe you me, it is all that people are saying it is.Size, Price and a personal touch is what makes Affinia 50 great.We arrived after a long and tiresome trip at the the front desk with an announcement that we booked a room with 2 beds (which was correct, at the time of my booking it a great deal), &quot;but you are only two&quot;, yes we are, &quot;so don't you want a queen size then?&quot;, nope thank you.They offered us complementary breakfast or Internet but I wouldn't budge.Anyways, we ended up in a Queen size Suit and after my initial anger I found out that this Suite was Hugde and why was I even making this a problem!Damn, if only I had taken them up on their extra offers, oh well, I guess I need to have a little more trust in people.For the paid price the location (50th and 3rd) and size are incredible.The only minus point I can find (looking very hard) are the temperature in the room, suggest to put of the heating in total and book a room as high as possible (we were staying on the 6th floor (and that is really noisy).The bed was really confy and so we the pillows.Bathroom has all you need (i was only missing some bathgell, would be handy when having a bath!!).For good and simple breakfast go next door to the lunchonette.Also nearby (if you are craving a good steak) go to Smith and Wollensky.For the best Bagels in town, go to 3rd ave. between 49 and 50th st., wait in line for heaven.And also please pay a visit to the concierge on the second floor (Sid), besides being a very funny and friendly guy, he can give you a lot of great tips.On our last night we went to a restaurant called TAO (on madison and 57th i think), great food and you are looking at a giant Buddha with a size over 2 floors.I was thinking of checking out another hotel next time I am in NY, maybe picking up a good deal for some 5 star hotel.But to tell you the truth why take the change while you know Affina 50 is the way to go.Oh before I forget the doormen are really helpful and friendly.Gotten some good tips and they even knocked on my door offering some free cheesecake, awsome!!	
Mar 24 2008 	Quiet stay	It´s a quiet and familiary flat. The location is very good. Not very near but not very far from the attractions. Rooms are clean and large. Prince is good. Unhappily, there is no breakfast include. But there are many options around it. I RECOMMEND IT.	
Mar 24 2008 	Excellent hotel.	Just returned from a 7 night stay at the Affinia 50. The location of the hotel is great close to the subway and in a much quieter location than others we looked into staying at. Very happy that we booked at the Affinia 50. Booked here after reading reports on Tripadvisor and our stay was great. Large room with good sized bathroom and kitchen. Beds were very welcoming at the end of each day very comfortable, liked the pillow menu very nice touch. All staff were great very polite and helpful. We especially liked the Welcome home from the doormen on our return to the hotel. Really enjoyed our first trip to New York and would return in an instant and would stay at the Affinia 50 again without a doubt. All in all an excellent stay at Affinia 50 highly recommended!!	
Mar 23 2008	Not to happy	The hotel came highly recommended from a friend who recently stayed in a suite and loved it. We had a single king room on a low floor. Room was ok but small. 2 high windows that you could not see out nor open. Room temp was in the high 70's with the a/c not available in the spring months. I should have realized a problem when I saw a table fan in the room. Hotel could not move us. We spent the whole night on top of the covers, very hot unable to sleep. This was not a room that should have been rented. If staying at this hotel make sure that you do your homework. Room was as expensive as any and better options available.	
Mar 21 2008 	Absolutely loved the Affinia 50	We stayed in the Affinia 50 for 4 nights at the start of March, a few days break without the kids. I booked it based on trpadvisor and we were not disappointed. Last time we stayed in NY we stayed in the Affinia Manhattan...preferred the Affinia 50. When booking, I told the staff we wanted a nice quiet room, etc etc as we were celebrating our wedding anniversary..on arrival there was champagne and cookies in our room. Mattie the Conceirge was great, as were all the staff, throughout the whole hotel. We stayed in a junior suite on the 16th floor..room 1601. It was very big, spotless, comfy and we loved the aveda products. The only small downside was that you really need to ask them to service your room...we left the hotel every morning at about 7am (jetlag!!!) and might come back at 2pm to find room had not been serviced. There was no problem when we mentioned it to them..just some advice for early risers!! Just some feedback on places we ate...we did eat at Smith &amp; Wollensky nearby...cost us 100euro for 2 rib eye steaks and 2 beers...and believe me when I say..just two steaks....not a vegetable in sight!!! That was the only meal that we felt a bit cheated on. We ate in Dos Caminos nearby...you have to have the guacamole for starter...it is to die for...and not for sharing!!!! We had great pub food in Connollys...East 54th on 3rd...the barman there..his name might be Frank from Roscommon...was so friendly and genuine...we went there a few days later, and even though the bar was heaving..he spotted us and sat down with us to see how we were getting on with our trip..10 out of 10 for that pub..the chicken tenders are gorgeous as is their spicy coleslaw...we ate in the diner near the hotel 2 mornings (just near the hotel, turn right outside the front door). It was very nice...we piled on the pounds needless to say!! Another cool place to have brekkie is Peshing Sq Cafe near Grand Central Station. Pricey breakfast...but well worth it! All in all, we had a great trip...we felt completely safe at night walking around...and we were delighted with the location of the hotel. Well done Affinia 50....highly recommended!	
Mar 20 2008 	Great hotel!	I had reservations at another property in NYC, and when I saw the room they had for us, we immediately canceled. 9:00 p.m. in the City, mid-week, and we are stranded in a hotel lobby, about to go online or start calling hotels looking for a room. I called one of Affinia 50's sister properties, and they were completely sold out, They were nice enough to check with their other properties, and they told me that Affinia 50 had a room for me. Affinia 50 was almost sold out; they had only had a deluxe suite available. It was one of their fancier rooms, and it was much more expensive than the disaster I had booked, but any port in a storm!Affinia 50's deluxe suite was fantastic. A large living room, well furnished, with a separate dining area. A large patio (it was too cold to enjoy this during our stay.) Fantastic views, looking both north and south on Third Avenue (obviously, I was looking from two different windows on opposite sides of the living room). Fully equipped kitchen. All I used was the fridge to keep sodas cold.Nice sized bedroom, with great mattress, comforter and pillows.I do not understand why, in a 550 + square foot suite, the bathroom was so small -- no counter-top space by the sink. But this was probably my only complaint about the place!Far more storage space than I would ever need in a hotel -- closets, cabinets, etc.There is a fitness center on the second foor. I checked it out just to see it. The usual array of machines, I guess.The Club Room on the second floor looked very comfortable, but I didn't spend any time there -- too much to do, out and about.I didn't try the $15 breakfast buffet, but that is a very reasonable price for a buffet in NYC. I didn't experience any of the amenities, so I have no comments. Front desk and bell staff were very nice. I was SO comfortable here. I am not sure how mcuh I will like the standard rooms for my next visit, compared to the deluxe suite, but it is definitely in my book for my next visit to NYC.	
Mar 20 2008 	Great Hotel	After reading several reviews and spending many hours on-line researching hotels, we chose Affinia 50 for a 4 night stay in March 2008. There were 4 adults and 2 older children on the trip. Our room was on the 18th floor and very nice. The beds and linens were deluxe---after seeing how many were in our party, they brought extra dishes, linens, robes and toiletries to our room. What impressed us the most was the service. When we returned from a day of sightseeing, we were greeted by name on the second night! The service is superior to many hotels that charge much more. I have stayed at the Doubletree in Times Square and Marriott Marquis in Times Square. I enjoyed the intimate feel and personal treatment we received while staying at Affinia 50 and would highly recommend this hotel. I also liked the quieter location, but still very accessible to the major sights and subways. It was nice to have the small kitchen to make breakfast every morning while we took turns in the bathroom. My husband used the club and took showers there every morning as well. We had a room with a balcony. If you choose this room, there is not room for a table and chairs too (except there was a table/chairs on the balcony that would be great in nice weather!)	
Mar 19 2008	Wonderful Place	My daughter and I celebrated her 21st birthday with a trip to NYC. We stayed at the Affinia 50 for five nights. The Affinia 50 is in a great location. The subway was close, bus stops were near and cabs were always passing by. The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. The area seemed quite safe and we often walked at night. Since I had read many reviews about small hotel rooms, I was quite pleased with our &quot;regular size&quot; hotel room. On the 3rd floor, we had a king size bed and there was plenty of room for a desk with chair, dresser, side tables and soft sitting chair in the corner. I liked the shelves in the bathroom that gave us room to spread out our stuff. I asked for a quiet room since I am not used to road noise. Although it had no view, the room was very quiet. We never ate the continental breakfast since it seemed rather expensive for us and what we would eat. We usually went the bagel place around the corner which was quite reasonable.  I would definitely stay here again. The hotel is a gem.	
Mar 19 2008 	great Affinia 50 stay!!	I booked my stay at the Affinia based solely on Tripadvisor reviews and I was not dissapointed. I emailed them prior to my arrival just to insure my requests (King, high floor, away from elevator, etc) and all were met AND MORE! I booked my stay for a regular guestroom and was upgraded to a one bedroom suite! The staff even acknowledged the special ocassion and gave us a bottle of champagne. The hotel lobby is small, but who cares? Affinia was about 10 minutes walking distance to Rockefeller Center and central to just about everything. The subway stop is 5 minutes away, deli, McD, liquor store are a couple doors down. Staff is friendly and accomodating.I booked my stay directly w/ the hotel to keep my options open... and it even ended up being less expensive. I checked rates up to the last week before arrival and was able to rebook twice at a cheaper rate!I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a comfortable, friendly, central hotel.	
Mar 18 2008 	Large Rooms Friendly Staff Just Great!	Without doubt the best hotel I have stayed in when in New York. The staff were incredibly helpful whenever asking for information, even going so far as checking store opening and closing times for me as well as printing maps and directions.The doorman and concierge were all wonderfully pleasant and not at all pushy which I have experienced at several other NY hotels.The room was surprisingly large with a huge comfortably firm bed. The welcome tray of nuts and raisins was a very nice touch which was much appreciated and enjoyed.The location is great as you are only three streets over from all the best upscale shopping in NY yet just far enough to the east to be quiet. Must also include how close the hotel is to the Roosevelt Island Tramway which is a must do.I would have no hestitation in staying at this hotel again.....a first for me	
Mar 16 2008 	Of all of the things I have an affinity for...... AFFINIA 50 is on the top 5!	I am a business traveler, so my opinion of hotels tends to be that of the most honest. We live in hotel and we are thier mostregular customers. We have high demands and we know what hotels accomodate our needs. This hotel, is one of them. I frequent NY and I have stayed at this hotel 15 times in the last 12 months. To give you an even better understanding of my loyalty I have stayed at Affinia-owned properties at least 25 times in the last 15 months. It has taken some time, but I now walk through the door, and am greeted by my name. (A nice perk) I can honestly say, that there are other hotels in othre locations that I have stayed at more friently that what I have professed at this hotel, and still, I recieve no recognition. That is how this hotel differs.I can honestly say, this hotel is more what you expect. If you want a hotel that is provides you with the basics, questionable cleanliness, and no flares, then this hotel is not for you. However, if you want individualized expedient service, spacious immaculate rooms ( moms: you'd feel comfortable bringing your baby here with littlefears of MRSA or E.Coli), hospitable staff, yum-a-licious room service, updated furniture, a comfortable &amp; safe setting, ample outlets, and the coziest bed you have ever slumbered in (to the point where you even contemplate stuffing the whole bed in your luggage and running off with it)..... then this is where you belong. Their level of hospitality surmounts every other hotel you've stayed in and is notthing you would ever expect. The reason why thier motto is hospitality is because they are the best of the best. If ever you wanted to live and be treated like royalty, I would suggest you give this hotel a try. They are receptive to couples, older individuals, families, business travelers, everyone. Being a business traveler I find this hotel to be very accommodating to my needs.1. Outlets- tons of them!2. Office space-- There is an ergonomic chair and a generous size desk that allows me to work.3. Living space- Good size. Amble seating. Clean and updated furniture. There is even an outlet nearby where I can work and watch TV at the same time. 4. Bed- A million times better than the Sealy Posturepedic I have at home. I never had REM sleep like that in my life, it was the best!!5. Room service- Yum-a licious!! (Especially the lentil soup at Mint)There are truly no words to articulate the greatness that exists in staying at this hotel. I have stayed at places from the Hampton Inn to the 5 star hotels during my stays in New York City, and still....hands down, I’d choose here over any of those. So if you want to be treated like you deserve, I implore you to share in my affinity for Affinia.	
Mar 16 2008 	Awesome Awesome Awesome for a Girls Weekend!	I stayed in the Affinia Dumont a few years back for a bachelorette party. When planning another bachelorette, I contacted the Dumont, but they were completely full. I was put in touch with Joe from the Affinia 50 - it was a pleasure to work with him! He set us up with an amazing two-bedroom suite on the top floor! This type of room setup had two queens in each bedroom, two living room areas, two huge bathrooms, and two kitchenettes. Granted, we definitely didn't need two kitchenettes, but having the two bedrooms and the two sitting rooms was definitely a plus! We also had a balcony off of one living room that overlooked the busy NY streets.The location was wonderful - we hopped around from bar to bar after having dinner downtown. We also walked to and from Grand Central Station. It was great!I don't even feel as though I need to say this, but the hotel was welcoming, the rooms and bathrooms were clean, and they were attentive to our every need. They set us up with taxis and had them waiting for us when we came down. The minibar was stacked with everything you could ever imagine, but it was expensive. We brought our own mixers and booze so that we could have a drink while getting ready. We brought some snacks and had them in the fridge for our return. There was another bachelorette party there as well. Great getaway for the girls!	
Mar 14 2008 	Simply the Best	Having stayed here last year,was pleased to see that yhe standards are as good as ever.Stayed in 1 bedroomed suite which is truly enormous,particularly by N.Y standards.Reception staff very helpful and doormen really friendly.Head doorman brilliant in arranging limo service at extremely competitive price(we were going to Brooklyn to join cruise,and had been warned that not many taxi drivers knew the way!!) but ours even asked if we wanted to go via Brooklyn bridge or tunnel(price for either had been agreed with Head Doorman.)Also love the 2nd floor lounge which is always peaceful and with complimentary coffee is a great place to relax after a hectic day First class location for all the sights/shops coupled with the excellent room space and service make this the ONLY place for us in New York(the cost is pretty reasonable too	
Mar 9 2008 	Loved the Affinia - great location for a girls getaway!	I went to NYC with 3 girlfriends for a long weekend getaway (Feb 14 - 18). NYC hotel rooms are notoriously tiny, so with 4 girls in one room, we wanted a hotel with a spacious room, and it had to be in a convenient and safe location. Affinia 50 did not disappoint! We got the studio suite, which had 2 queen beds, a kitchen, and a huge hallway where we could drop all our luggage. The bathroom was ok - fits a bathtub and a small sink (no counter). The hotel caters mostly to business travellers, so it was important for the rooms to be spacious, comfy and cozy.Good things about Affinia 50:1) The room (as discussed above) - you do have to pay an extra $10 per person per night if you have more than 2 people in the room. But since we were splitting the cost bewteen 4 people, it still came out to a very reasonable rate. 2) The location - the subway was 2 small blocks away, we could walk to Chrysler Building and Rockefeller Center along with all the Fifth Avenue stores. Many little cafes, restaurants and grocery stores if you need to grab a bite on the go. Very convenient!!3) Amenities - there are complimentary cocktail receptions in the evenings (on weeknights), a club lounge on the 2nd floor, a fitness center, and most impressively - a pillow menu! The hotel offers 6 different types of pillows for you to try to guarantee a sound sleep. We tried the Swedish memory foam and the magnetic pillow - we had a great sleep every night! 4) Service - the front desk and the bell boy were all very helpful regardng transportation, restaurants and clubbing recommendations. The bell boy even came up to look at our leaky fridge (see below) as soon as I went downstairs to complain.Not so good things:1) Kitchen - the kitchen is very convenient, but the appliances are slightly outdated. Wouldn't matter if you don't plan on cooking. We did buy some beverages to store in the fridge, and found that it was leaking on the first night. The bell boy took a look, wiped the floor for us, and said that it should be fine the next day. And he was right! We're not sure how it got fixed.2) Elevators - there are only 2 small elevators, but 8 floors in the hotel. Sometimes, you have to wait a while for the elevator to come and when it does, it's already full. Overall, the hotel was great value and we definitely enjoyed our stay here. Would stay here again next time we're in NYC!	
Mar 9 2008 	Wonderful Experience	I stayed in a junior suite for seven days, six nights during the month of February. The room was spacious, comfortable and very clean. The beds were extremely comfortable and the kitchen was very useful for breakfast, drinks or reheating late-night leftover cravings. The staff was extremely professional and friendly. The midtown east location was perfect for our needs. I can't think of a single negative thing to say about the Affinia 50. We didn't have a decent view to speak of, but I didn't mind nor was I surprised since we received an excellent rate. It also would have been convenient if they would have offered free internet service, but I realize that it is NYC and they really don't have to. Otherwise, I hope to stay at the Affinia 50 again very soon.	
Mar 8 2008 	Deserves its place in the Top 10!!	My husband and I stayed here for 7 nights in February and absolutely loved it! We booked the Affinia 50 mainly based on the reviews on here and we were not disappointed. From the minute we stepped out of the taxi we were made to feel extremely welcome. Every member of staff we encountered was friendly, polite and helpful. They had even put a complimentary bottle of red wine in our room for when we arrived.Our room was a standard guest room on the 4th floor (#402). It was a large room with plenty of storage space. It came equipped with TV, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, tea and coffee making facilities and an in room safe. The bed was big and comfortable and the pillow menu is a nice touch.The bathroom was small in comparison but had enough space for toiletries and the shower was good. The aveda toiletries were topped up on a daily basis even if we hadn't run out!! The whole room was very clean and none of the decorations were looking in need of 'tidying up'The only small moan we had was with the heating. It was really hard to regulate the temperature.The location of the Affinia is everything. Its only a few blocks walk to 5th Ave, The Rockefeller Ctr, Grand Central Station and Central park. The subway is a block away and is very useful for getting downtown for Statue of Liberty ferries, Brooklyn Bridge, Soho and Greenwich.There are also lots of bars and restaurants in the area. The New York Luncheonette a few doors down is a good place for breakfast.We only used the club room on the 2nd floor once for coffee but it is a nice area to relax. If you want to check in online and print your boarding pass before leaving you can use the free service on the computers in the business centre. This is an extremely useful service and much better than having to pay the pricey internet rates.I would highly recommend the Affinia 50 to anyone travelling to NYC. Its my 4th visit to the city and its the best hotel I've stayed in by far. I'll definitely be staying here on my next visit.	
Mar 5 2008 	Great place to stay when in New York	Have recently come back from a stay in the Affinia 50 and couldn't find anything to complain about.Rooms were spacious, clean and modern.Staff were always helpful whenever we needed a question answered.Location of the hotel was ideal as we were within walking distance of many attractions (Rockefellar, Fifth Avenue, Grand Central Station) and other places such as Central Park were a little bit further but still reachable by foot.All in all a great stay.	
Mar 4 2008 	We will go back to this one.	Stayed in one of their roomy junior suites.The beds were very comfortable. The sofa bed mattress was about typical but our son did not complain. Staff were very friendly as promised. When one of our sons was sick, the cleaning staff accomodated their schedule around his need to rest.Excellent location that is walking distance from subway lines.Room was clean.Warning - the breakfast is not included and not worth the cost.Excellent bagel place--Ess-a-Bagel-- around the corner is a much better value.We have stayed at several NYC midtown hotels and every year we try a new one. This is the one we will stick with.	
Feb 29 2008 	Comfortable Stay!	Three of us booked an overnight stay when we came to the city to see a Broadway show. We got a terrific rate, as we came during an off-peak travel time of year, plus we were upgraded to a junior suite! The small kitchenette came in very handy when it came to storing munchies and dishing up the take-out that we ordered.The room was spacious and clean, the beds comfortable (loved the &quot;pillow menu&quot;), and the staff very helpful when it came to things like hailing taxis and recommeding good places to eat. And, on a frigid cold night, their friendly, &quot;Welcome home!&quot; was much appreciated.We had a lovely, comfortable stay, and would definitely go back again!!!	
Feb 27 2008 	Great hotel great location and fantastic staff	Just returned from a 5 night stay and loved this hotel, The location is great, a nice walk to the Rockefella Centre, Times Square and v near to the subway. The rooms are large and clean - the kitchen area was a little small considering we had a junior suite but we did have everything we needed. Staff are very genuine and very helpful and nothing seems to be too much trouble. The wine and cheese evenings Mon-Thurs 6-7pm is a nice touch so give it a try. Would highly recommend the Affinia 50 and would happily stay here again.	
Feb 24 2008 	Fantastic hotel - would return again 	We stayed at Affinia 50 between 16-20 February. We had chosen it due to excellent reviews on trip advisor and we were not disappointed. On checking-in we were upgraded to a junior suite which was extremely spacious - especially for a room in NYC and we had a fantastic view south down 3rd Ave. The staff were fantastic, helpful and really friendly - Eduardo on reception, Sid the Concierge and the doorman to name a few. They made us feel right at home. We loved the extra touches such as the free cheese and wine in the evening and free tea and coffee. We thought the hotel was stylish and welcoming and will definately return here next time we come to NYC! I will certainly be recommending the Affinia 50 to my friends.	
Feb 21 2008 	Nice hotel!	We booked this hotel having pored over the many reviews of many hotels on Trip Advisor. We weren't disappointed. Room was huge, with two king size beds, a kitchen (with fridgefreezer, cooker, microwave &amp; coffee machine), a nice bathroom, tv, sofa and everything we needed for a comfortable stay. All the staff were pleasant and helpful. The clubroom was nice and breakfast in there every morning was fair value at $14.95 (though watch out for the added taxes on this and everything else in the city). On 50th St it is in a perfect location, about 15 minutes to Central Park, Times Square, the Rockefeller Center, Grand Central Station and the shopping delights of 5th Avenue. In the immediate vicinity are plenty of bars, restaurants, take-aways, delis etc. We had a couple of minor gripes: 1) We had to wait 1 hour 15 minutes for our room to be ready when we arrived. After a an early start, an 8 hour flight and a then 75 minute journey from the airport it was a bit of a pain. However, and credit where credit is due, we were upgraded to a junior suite to compensate without asking. 2) Noise. We were at the rear on the 10th floor and the aircon fans were going 24/7 below us which gave constant noise in the room. To be fair after the first night (and tiredness set in after all the walking) we didn't notice it as much. Overall, a good hotel, which I would recommend to anyone.	
Feb 19 2008 	Perfect for famillies	We stayed on the 21st floor in a 1 bedroom suite, with our two teenage girls. Everthing was lovely, the beds were the most comfortable i have ever slept in, although the the bathroom could have been a little bigger, everthing else more than made up for it. The view from the bedroom across to the river at sunrise was fabulous and the view of the city lights from the sitting room in the evening was very special.All of the staff made us feel welcome and comfortable. We loved the club room and the free wine in the evening was always good quality. Our teenagers used the well equipped gym every day - all good reports. This was our first stay in New York and the standards of the hotel, its excellent position and genuinely warm and welcoming staff made our trip perfect.	
Feb 17 2008 	A lovely stay at the Affinia	I've never written a review before, but felt urged to after a fantastic stay at the Affinia 50. At the outset the hotel is nothing spectacular. Nice rooms, average reception area. The hotel doesn't have a dining area, more of a &quot;snug&quot; where the fine breakfast is served (at a reasonable price) Every evening in this lounge the hotel serves complementary glass of wine. Despite mine tasting more like vinegar, it seemed to encourage all the guests to gather and socialise, adding to the homely feel.Topping it off are the doormen, friendly, helpful, and always curtious to &quot;welcome home&quot; guests after an evening out. Because those who really enjoy NY, shouldn't be spending too much time in their hotel anyway!	
Feb 14 2008	Great service 	Stayed at the Affinia 50 last Feb/March and thought it was a great hotel. I think it had recently been renovated at that stage and considering we booked in the budget price range this was a really pleasant surprise. I felt as if i was in a higher priced hotel.Whilst not much in the way of a lobby or entrance, this place has great spacious rooms (me and my friend booked into a double twin room) and is really clean. Beds were very comfortable and all the facilities in the room were perfect. I could not fault anything with the room at all.The staff on reception were incredibly helpful and provided help wherever we needed it, including letting us use the facilities of the hotel for the afternoon after we checked out and before we had to catch our flight.There is not much on the street outside, but the location is perfect, close to Rockerfeller centre and a few streets from Grand Central Station. We were never far from bars or somewhere to eat.All in all, I had a great stay in NY and this hotel was a big factor in the enjoyment of my stay. Would definately use again.	
Feb 13 2008 	Excellent	Just came back from a 5 night stay at the Affinia. We had looked at loads of hotels in New York prior to booking but having read the reviews on trip advisor we plumped for this one and we're really glad we did. Excellent location, well looked after by the staff, it was fault-less. We stayed in a guestroom which I think is the basic option. The room was on the 3rd floor, not much of a view I have to say but we weren't there during the day so it really wasn't an issue. The bed was really, really comfortable. It was great to actually stay in a hotel where you could get a good nights sleep from day one. The bathroom was alittle on the small side but certainly adequate. Hotel is about 20 minutes walk from Time Square, 15 minutes from United Nations. We walked easily enough to Grand Central Station, Radio City, Empire State Building, Broadway, Macey's, Central Park,Chrylser Building etc.Had a brilliant time in New York and would definately recommend this hotel.	
Feb 13 2008 	What a GEM!!!	Stayed at the Affinia 50 from 7-9 February, on recommendation of a friend who lives in New York, and it was AMAZING to say the least!!Room was HUGE, clean and comfortable. The staff, from check-in to Bellman, to housekeeping were just all incredibly friendly and helpful.Will NEVER stay in any other hotel again in NYC. Do not hesitate, just GO THERE!!	
Feb 11 2008 	Oversized room and wonderful service	The Affinia is a great find in NYC. We stayed in a suite and couldn't get over how big it was. The location is central to everything. The staff is EXTREMELY accomodating even setting us up with a stretch limo (quite affordable). My teenager was thrilled to be driven around in style. The Affinia is truly a fantasic value and experience.	
Feb 10 2008 	Great hotel	Fantastic central location, easy walking distance to many attractions or there is the subway (1 min walk away) for the less energetic ! Hotel staff very friendly and helped to make our stay memorable. Great diner a few doors away for breakfast....mmm pancakes and maple syrup !! Most comfortable bed we've ever slept on, lovely room, lots of drawers and hanging space. Great shower and an abundance of fluffy towels ! Free cheese and wine most nights served in comfortable lounge and 'help yourself to coffee/tea facility'. Would stay at this hotel again without hestitation.	
Feb 8 2008 	WOW!! first time to New York and I'll be back for more	We booked our trip based on recommendations and we were not disappointed.In fact my husband said I couldn't have picked a better place! The location was fantastic.Walking distance to many attractions and convenient to stores,subway etc.The bellman was helpful in getting cabs so it was very easy to get where you were going. We enjoyed the huge room and amentities. The only thing I didn't understand for a hotel of this quality was making us pay for internet service in the lounge.(we needed to check some email) At other places we've been it has been free.Add to the fact that it seemed to be a slow dial up service that was our only disappointment in Affinia 50.Otherwise an excellent choice for new York.	
Feb 8 2008	Wait till you get to the room	This is a very good hotel for the price we payed. (less than £100 a night in Midtown)The lobby is small and unassuming, and the doormen very polite and helpful. But the best part is when you get to your room, which is massive for NYC. Includes a minibar as well as other little bits and pieces including souvenirs.Location is just OK as its down on 3rd, but with Taxi`s so cheap and a subway stop 2 blocks away its no big deal.Definately a good place to stay in midtown for the price.	
Feb 5 2008 	great	We stayed at the Affinia 50 from 16th-20th Jan. and the hotel lived up to its high rating on this site. Rooms - were clean and big with a huge bed which was super comfy. Our first room (509) had a great view of 3rd Ave but was a bit noisy with the traffic below however we were changed (503) without a problem but the view was also lost.Staff - were always helpful and every question was answered even if it took a bit of research to establish the answer. Guys at the door were super friendly and helped us feel really welcome as did the reception staff.This hotel really made our short stay even more enjoyable. This was our 3rd trip to the city and we would recommend this hotel to anybody if they want somewhere to stay to enhance their trip.	
Feb 4 2008 	Affinia 50 is really nice!!!!!	This was an overall very good experience. The staff was amazing, check in was with ease and the bellmen go out of their way to make sure you get everything u need. The room was spotless and comfortable. It is a small boutique hotel in a great location and I would recommend and return. Note - the wireless connection did not work well.	
Feb 4 2008 	Nice Hotel Nice Front Desk Huge Room bad Dining facility	Loved everything about this hotel EXCEPT the breakfast room.It was a lounge, better suited for cocktails, with couches and chairs. There were no proper eating tables and we had to sit with our plates balanced on our laps or on tiny little side tables. Why can't they provide a real dining area like other hotels?	
Feb 1 2008 	Fantastic stay at the Affinia 50	We stayed at the Affinia 50 December 22-29, 2007. Could not have been happier. The room (a one bedroom suite) was spacious and very comfortable for a family of four - including 2 teenagers. The front desk and doormen were extremely helpful. We especially enjoyed the club floor with the complimentary drinks between 6 and 7pm. We met some fellow travellers and were able to share experiences and ideas - a great idea! Location was also fantastic - you could walk to the Rockerfeller Centre, Grand Central Station and Times Square. We would definitely reccommend it and would stay there or at another Affinia hotel in future.	
Jan 31 2008 	10 out of 10 for the 50	Recently stayed at the Affinia 50 and now fully understand why other reviewers give it such high ratings. Our experience was excellent from the moment we arrived. I had asked for them to put a bottle of champagne in the room for me as we were arriving on my husband's birthday. But that was not enough for them. Wishing my husband a happy birthday as we checked in they informed us that, to help us celebrate, they had upgraded us to a suite. On being shown to the room we found the champagne, together with a box of cup cakes, courtesy of the management.The room was tremendous, a fantastic size for New York, and complete with a large (very comfortable) bed, sofa, armchairs, desk and our own small kitchen. The bathroom, whilst a little small, had a great shower and bath and was topped up each day with Aveda toiletries.The staff were as good as the room. Very friendly and helpful, with the doormen greeting us each night on our return with a &quot;welcome home&quot;.I would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a visit to New York.Downsides? Well the only one is that the hotel does not have a bar. However, they make up for this by serving wine each evening in the Club Lounge. A very welcome treat when returning from a days shopping or sightseeing.We will certainly return on our next visit to New York.	
Jan 26 2008	Simply the best choice in New York City...	We have stayed at the Affinia 50 many times over the past few years and there has never been anything that was not perfect. The location is great, front desk and door people so polite and attentive...you actually feel like you are &quot;coming home&quot;. Rooms very large, clean and even a choice of pillow is a nice touch. They offer many specials online and the rates are really good . Rooms are quiet, actually has heat in winter that you can control (not all hotels do) nice club on second floor for coffee, drinks etc. and they do serve continental breakfast for $14.95 and it is very nice. Great restaurants in area too. Especially if you have say three in a room this is an excellent choice or if you want suite type accommodations again they are really nice. I highly recommend this hotel as well as the other Affinia properties if the 50 is not available.	
Jan 26 2008	Adorable hotel! Great price location and service...	Highly recommend! Affinia 50 made my stay in New York an unforgettable one! They have the most comfy bed I've ever slept on, which really helps]ed me rest and get ready for my next day's sightseeing. The service was really nice (their employees are very polite), and the location great. It's easy to get around to major attractions in New York City from Affinia 50 either by train or even on foot. (United Nations, Rockefeller Center and MoMA are just a couple of blocks away.) Last but not least, they have reasonable prices which I can afford. Such a nice hotel is next to impossible to find in a city like New York. Don't miss it out!	
Jan 25 2008 	Perfect location perfect hotel!	My new fiance and I (as of the weekend of our stay!) stayed at this hotel January 4-7, and could not have asked for a better hotel. The bed was GREAT, and the amount of space is huge! We were only on the third floor, but the street noise was not a bother. Previous reviews noted needing a higher floor, so I was a bit weary when we were in a room on such a low floor, but there was not problem. The bathroom was spacious and the Aveda products were a nice touch. Cheers! (as they always say)	
Jan 24 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised!	My family of four stayed for a three days. We had a terrific experience. Our room was very large. It had a kitchen and a GREAT bath/shower, plenty of closets (!) and very good beds. The staff was really helpful, but not overly sweet -- just efficient. I loved the little &quot;things,&quot; such as a boat-load of good quality wooden hangers! There was some traffic noise on the 3rd Avenue side, but nothing that kept us up. The cleaning crew did a good job, although I found a half-eaten cookie under a bed that wasn't ours... no big deal. One things that wasn't so swell was the room-service food. We only ordered once, and that was enough! Overall I would recommend this hotel highly, and we'll be staying there again.	
Jan 23 2008 	Terrible front desk service	This one star rating is directly related to service. Front desk personnel is at best condescending; and at their worst, insulting. I was blind sided by their misery because I visited another Affinia property last fall (on 34th st )and had no problems at all. I reserved a one bedroom suite at both.One example: The suite has a kitchen. We needed extra flatware. When the flatware was requested, I was given a lecture by front desk clerk Carmel O'Conner on how she doesn't tolerate parties in the rooms. When I told her that I was an adult and fully aware of proper conduct, she proceeded to tell me about her past experiences and then repeated that she didn't want to hear any complaints from my neighbors. When I told her that I was insulted, she continued to chastise me. The flatware was delivered 4 hours later. I had already walked to the store and had purchased plastic ware.Two of us occupied this one bedroom suite (three beds and seating for aproximately ten). I am a middle aged woman with no history of raucous behavior (smile). She made a lot of assumptions and put a damper on a fun day. I got no satisfaction from the person who identified himself as the manager. When I called Don Frazier at their corporate office, he didn't even bother to call back. There were several other instances of snottiness and neglect. i.e. I pulled up in a cab, requested a bellman and went back outside to stand with my bags. They forgot all about me. The cab driver was gone, so I couldn't leave the bags. Finally a nice passer by went in an reminded them.One exception is their doorman, Rome. While I waited several hours for my room to be ready, he came and brought reading material and maps. I noticed that he was kind and helpful to everyone who came through the doors.Regarding the rooms. They are standard 3 star, no disappointment there. The bathrooms are very small, carpeting, etc. has seen better days. For the price, you wouldn't be disappointed.However, if you think that you may have to communicate with anyone at the front desk...pick another hotel.	
Jan 22 2008	Wow - what a great weekend!	We just returned from a great weekend stay @ Affinia 50 Hotel. The hotel is great, has every amenity you can think of (Aveda Products, great plush robes, fully stocked kitchenette, etc..) and the staff is superb. They greeted us, either entering/departing the hotel, by name and with a smile! It's in a great location, Midtown East - Our room was very clean, our beds were, oh so comfy and in the morning we had coffee on our own private balcony!! We have definitely found our home away from home, when visiting New York!	
Jan 22 2008 	Best Experience	Stayed two nights at the Affinia 50 with my daughter for a weekend getaway. We did not have the suites, just a room, but it was beautifully appointed, and spacious enough. The staff at the Affinia 50 made everything work so easily and quickly. When we arrived, we sat down with the fabulous concierge to take care of a few details we had not finalized -- some restaurant reservations, checking on some tickets, etc. Every time we walked into the hotel, we were greeted warmly and any needs we had were immediately addressed. A very relaxing and welcoming experience. We will definitely stay there again!!!	
Jan 22 2008 	Spacious Comfortable and Great Value!	We booked about a week before our stay via the hotel website and found a good deal for Affinia 50. Our original plans had changed and we needed a spacious place for 9 nights for 3 people. The booking was very quick and easy.Check-in: Excellent - quick check-in, and staff were very welcoming. We had requested a high floor when we booked and we got the 21st floor so we were delighted.Location:Great location in a nice area. Good walking distance to all the shops, Central Park. Transport links available for subway close by, buses or cabs.Concierge:Great service, very helpful. Good recommendations for dining in and out.Room accommodation:We stayed in a deluxe suite on 21st floor. Fantastic view of the river and surrounding area. Facing the east, we really enjoyed the early morning sun coming through our windows. Also very spacious for a longer stay.The beds were very comfortable and firm. We loved trying the different pillows. There was no turn down service.Bathroom is an average size. The hairdryer was good. The aveda amenities were good. Unfortunately there were no cotton buds or cooton wool. The bathroom was located through the bedroom so was a little awkward.As we stayed for nine nights we were disappointed that housekeeping failed to re-stock our aveda bathroom items on some days.Unfortunately, the cleaning wasn't as good as it should have been. When we arrived there were wrappers on the floor and plastic bags under the bed. When we pulled out the sofabed in the living room there was an old bottle and fruit core.Room temperature controls were good. Also had the option to open the windows throughout the suite which was handy.Kitchen:This was great - we could stock juices and food in the fridge. We had our own breakfast each day. We cooked a little and went out for meals a lot. There are supermarkets like Food Emporium nearby - ask the hotel for directions. Also, we ordered in on some nights and used our own dishes and cutlery. The dishwasher was so handy. Breakfast isn't included in the rate so at over $14pp it's pricey. We did get complimentary breakfast vouchers for all of us for one morning and found there was a nice selection of fruits, cereal, bagels, pastries etc.Balcony:Wonderful - we could see all the way across to the river, down 3rd avenue. Very refreshing, even in winter.2nd floor facilities:Decent gym, never crowded when we visited. Decor in the sitting room is trendy, comfortable and clean. The coffee and tea is quite basic compared to other hotels which offer complimentary refreshments. There are no pastries, biscuits or fruit. Also no complimentary bottled water.Staff were friendly and helpful. We were particularly pleased with the level of servive throughout our stay. Everyone made us feel so welcome and when we were leaving, did their best to accommodate storing our bags, organising a car and a smooth check-out.	
Jan 15 2008 	Great Location Great Hotel	We stayed in the Affinia 50 for 4 nights in Jan. We were looking for a good size room and we certainly got that. We booked a studio suite, which had a little kitchenette, which was very convenient. Would definitely recommend the Affinia, the staff were very helpful and the location is excellent.	
Jan 14 2008 	Great experience	I stayed at Affinia 50 for 4 days in January. I don't think I have ever stayed in a hotel where the staff were as welcoming and as helpful as they were at Affinia 50. Although the ground floor lobby is not that impressive, the second floor club room more than makes up for this. My huge one bedroom suite was beautifully furnished. The bed was super comfortable and my room was quiet. The hotel is well-located for everything I wanted to do in Manhattan. Highly recommended.	
Jan 13 2008 	Fantastic Location - An apartment in New York City!	My husband and I stayed in the Affinia 50 from January 2nd to January 7th 2008. When we arrived we were greated with a winderful &quot;welcome home&quot; from the lovely doorman (the first of all of the great doormen who work at the hotel) which was very welcome after a hard days travelling. Check in was fast and efficient and the room was wonderful. We stayed in a one bedroomed king sized suite. The lounge was huge with a comfortable sofa bed which we could have friends to stay in &quot;free of charge&quot; and a good sized table/dining area. The king sized bed was huge and one of the most comfortable that we have ever slept in. The bathroom was spotlessly clean as was the extremely useful kitchen. The hotel provides a free wine and cheese reception Monday to Thursday. This is an excellent was of unwinding after a hard days shopping or sightseeing and also a great opportunity to meet some of the other travellers in the hotel. We met some lovely people there and have a number of very convivial evenings! The staff who run the wine and cheese are great and kept the wine flowing. The concierge is usually available near the club room and was a great help. He recommended a mexican restaurant called &quot;Zarela&quot; just around the corner and we had a lovely evening there in a very atmospheric restaurant. One of the other concierges was even able to get us tickets for &quot;Wicked&quot;!The cleaning staff were absolutely lovely and cleaned the apartment to an extremely high standard. They even wash any dishes left in the sink!The hotel is in an excellent location. We did not even have to buy subway tickets until the second last day as were were going down to Century 21. We walked to St Patrick's Cathedral and Central Park, Macys and the Waldorf Astoria is just around the corner. We have stayed at the Affinia Dumont one one of our previous trips and it was fantastic but the location of the Affinia 50 is much better. We intend to return in the Summer and take our four children with us as it is exactly the same as having your very own apartment in the New York City!	
Jan 13 2008 	location location location	Location really is everything here, New to New York, we just took a chance on what seemed like a good spot to base shopping and sightseeing. This is pretty perfect. It's 5 minutes from the nicest part of 5th Ave, 1 minute from a well linked in Metro stop and you step out and see the Crysler building within seconds - on a beautiful winter morning with clear blue skies and gorgeous light that's a pretty great start to the day!Finding the hotel is easy so long as you have the address with you. Fixed price cab ($49) from the JFK made a late arrival easy. It's not huge - and doesn't have a large entrance like the Marriott or Waldorf just close by, but it does have really helpful friendly staff. Their recommendation for local sushi was spot on -tiny restaurant we would never have found without them. Great quality compared to our UK versions (although not a patch on the real thing in Japan still). Red Stone pizzeria, (head south on Lexington) did the best breakfast bagels etc we found). The room seemed a decent size compared to our expectations of New York. Average decor, could do with a little TLC in places, but the basics are great - comfy bed and clean room. Quiet. Nice big mirror for trying on all those new clothes!Tourist-wise it's easy to get about as mentioned above. Do try to book tickets to the Federal Reserve bank if you've got time. They have to be sent to your home address). It's a really different experience.	
Jan 12 2008 	Great for Families!	I recently enjoyed a 10 night stay at this property with my husband, 17yo daughter and 14 yo old son. It was our first trip to New York from Australia. Firstly, the location is absolutely first rate. The lobby is small but &quot;friendly and welcoming&quot; (the pleasant, subtle scent of an uplifting essential oil continued throughout our 10 day stay). The decor of the elevators and hallways is a little tired and dated. However, our spacious room (junior suite with 2 queen beds, loungeroom, kitchenette, balcony and bathroom) was very well presented, clean and COMFORTABLE. The small bathroom was modern and very clean. The kitchenette was more than adequate for our needs. The beds were very comfortable. The 24 hour Guest Lounge on the 2nd Floor is very welcoming and nicely presented. It's a lovely place to enjoy breakfast, meet friends or read the paper.The greatest asset of the Affinia 50 is its staff. Every staff member we encountered were warm, friendly and attentive. They really did enhance the overall feeling of welcome and comfort during our stay. This alone makes this property stand out from many others. Whilst I'm used to staying at more &quot;luxurious&quot; looking properties, the Affinia 50 met all our needs and was an excellent choice for our family vacation. In this very expensive city, it is a fantastic option for families or groups and those who appreciate the feeling of a friendly, comfortable &quot;home away from home&quot;.	
Jan 11 2008 	The Afinia 50 was Excellent Value	We found the Affinia50 through Trip Advisor and made reservations for a two-night stay January 1-3 2008. We were very pleased with the hotel. Its location is excellent and the staff was very friendly. Minor problems such as a burned-out light were taken care of quickly. The next time we visit New York, we'll check out availability and rates for this hotel first.	
Jan 8 2008 	Great Location 	Overall this was a perfect hotel for a short weekend trip. I went there as a suprise trip for my wife and her best friend (her husband came as well). The location is terrific. You can get on the subway and head down to SoHo, Wall Street, etc. without a problem. Also, you can walk easily to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, etc. Getting a taxi is also no problem. From LaGuardia our taxi cost $28 for four people - which I think is very reasonable. The room is very basic but it was clean - however it is without any of the bells and whistles you'll find at the Four Seasons, etc. If you want the bells you'll need to pay a lot more though. We reserved the room through Travelocity and it was a much better deal than any of the other hotels close by. It was the perfect choice. They have a nice Club Room that you can meet your family or traveling companions before you go out on the town. The only downside is that there is no bar in the hotel but you can always go next door to the Waldorf, The W, or The Benjamin if you want a meeting place where you can grab a couple of drinks. The best word I can use to describe the hotel is &quot;easy&quot;. It is easy to do everything. We were on the third floor so it was noisy in our room at times...but you are in NYC so you have to expect that. If you want less noisy then NYC is probably not for you. The concierge that we worked with, whose name is Sid, was awesome!!!! He helped us make reservations prior to the trip and was extremely helpful. He was probably the best concierge I have called in a while. He was even able to get us a reservation at Nobu 57 on the day we arrived (a Friday). Hopefully they treat Sid well!!!! The people at the door and front desk were also equally as helpful. Great staff. I would stay here again with my family and/or friends in a second. As long as you do not mind that the hotel does not have a bar you will be happy as well.	
Jan 5 2008 	Again we loved it	We've stayed at the Affinia 50 three times. The one bedroom suties are terrific and spacious, with attractive furnishings. If one person wants to stay up late and another doesn't, it's perfect. The kitchen facilities make it great to toast a delicious NY bagel in the morning, make coffee and head out. Stephan, who is at the front desk, is very helpful, as is all the staff.	
Jan 4 2008 	5 stars for Affinia 50	We booked this hotel after reading great reviews about it and we were not disappointed. From the moment we arrived we were made to feel welcome (although we had a little trouble checking in) and all staff were extremley friendly especially Manny the doorman, who helped us alot throughout the stay.The hotel itself is considered small, but dont let that fool you as our room was huge and we had the most comfortbale bed which is great after a long day walking. The hotel is in a great location and within walking distance of some of the attractions including Central Park, Rockefeller Centre, Times Square and Fifth Ave. Also it is near a subway which was extremley useful.Overall we give this hotel 5 star rating, as the the staff were friendly, rooms were cleaned every day and because of the great location. If you pick this hotel to stay in you wont be disappointed.	
Jan 3 2008 	Excellent hotel	We stayed at the Affinia 50 for one week during our honeymoon, in mid December. This is an excellent hotel, the location (3rd Av/ 50th St) is perfect, the room was huge (not the bathroom, a little on the smallside) and clean, the staff was very helpful and polite, specially Sid,the concierge, who had plenty of good suggestions for us. The “social” room on the second floor is very nice, in the evenings they offer wine and cheese, which was really enjoyable in front of the fireplace after a day of walking around in the cold!As far as we understand, prices can change a lot depending on season, offers etc, however, based on the long and meticulous search we performed before booking, we can say that this hotel is reasonably priced (thou, this is indeed midtown Manhattan, so you cannot really compare it with any other place in the World price-wise!). We enjoyed our stay at the Affinia 50 and would return to this hotel.	
Jan 2 2008 	Couldn't have asked for a nicer stay!	Before booking our hotel stay, I read review after review about how wonderful the Affinia 50 was. I decided to book a 10 day stay and I am so pleased that I did. I really couldn't have asked for a nicer stay! The staff was friendly (Steven was great) and the bellhop and doormen were super nice. They also gave great suggestions to local restaurants in the area. The lobby was small but nicely decorated for Christmas. The room was beautiful and quite spacious for a New York room. We had a balcony that overlooked 3rd Avenue. What a nice touch!! We also received a complimentary bottle of champagne that made us feel very welcome. The room amenities were great and the bathroom was stocked with everything we needed. It felt modern and was very clean. I would definitely return to the Affinia 50. Rockefeller Center, Central Park, and many other highlights are right around the corner or within walking distance. Subway locations are not far either. For the price and service, the Affinia 50 is the place to stay!	
Jan 2 2008	Affinia 50 is a home from home	have just returned fro staying at the Affinia 50 with my daughter. We went to New York to celebrate her 21st birthday. The lobby is only small and we wondered what to expect, but our room on the 17th floor was extremely spacious. We had a large living room,dining area and a kitchen complete with dishwasher(not that we used it).The bathroom is small but compact and there was plenty of storage space. Clubroom on the 2nd floor is very welcoming.We stayed in total for 4 nights and packed so much into each day that coming back to such a comfortable room was a real bonus. Once you get your bearings you realize how well placed this hotel really is.Try the Gramercy Tavern for some brilliant food.(a taxi ride away) The real bonus in this hotel are the staff they are all without exception so friendly and helpful. We had problems on our last day as the shuttle service did not turn up to take us to the airport. Manny, the concierge, sorted it all out and we ended up with a complimentary chauffeur driven car to the airport. Would certainly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 28 2007 	Great Hotel Great Personnel! : )	We arrived at the Affinia 50 before check in time but we checked in anyway. The very nice man asked if we had ever been to NY City. I let him know that it was my boyfriend's first time. He was very nice, welcomed us and took our cell phone number. He let us know that he would call us when a room was ready. We had our bags so we checked them and walked around the city. When the front desk called to let us know our room was ready, they also said they had done something special for us since it was my boyfriend's first time in the city. When we arrived to a very friendly staff, they gave us keys to a suite. They had upgraded us free of charge. We had our bags delivered by a very friendly bell man. We had such a great room. The bed was a king and the room was spacious, especially for a New York City hotel room. It was very clean and we enjoyed it very much. The staff was very helpful and friendly. I would definitely return to stay and recommend this hotel to other : )	
Dec 19 2007 	Loved It!! Who says New Yorkers aren't Nice anyway?!	AWESOME experience at this hotel. I will plan to stay here everytime I'm in NY from now on. The rates were very reasonable, the rooms were clean, modern, comfortable and roomy. The service was perfect. The doormen in their cool hats were so friendly and helpful. It was a great experience.	
Dec 7 2007 	The Affinia 50 is just okay	When first checking into the Affinia 50, we found the staff to be very nice and helpful. We were immediately checked into our room even though we were about 3 hours earlier than typical check in. We had a deluxe suite on the 19th floor. The room was very spacious and could accommodate 4 people easily. After inspecting the room, I found a few things that just weren't up to par. Dirty dishes in the kitchen, stains on the carpet, marks on the walls and the air conditioning didn't work. Though it was cold outside, the room would still get stuffy so we just opened the door to our balcony to help out that problem. The balcony was a wonderful retreat to see the city from our pajamas. We noticed very little road noise and we were so exhausted from walking to places that the little noise we heard, didn't matter. I also thought that the Affinia 50 was a little out of the way of things to do. This hotel is located in the business district and most places would close around 8:00pm. However, I did feel safe in this part of town. I would have to say that the concierge was extremely helpful. Since it was our first time to New York, we had many questions about where to go and how to get there. If the concierge didn't know of a place we were talking about, he would immediately find it and call us back with an answer.Toward the end of our trip, I found that the rest of the staff became less friendly and less helpful. Most of the time, we found there to be no door man and when we checked out, there was no one to help us with loading our luggage. Also, we requested not to have maid service every day but would call when we were ready for towels. This request would take hours. Overall, I would say that Affinia 50 was an okay hotel. Though most of the hotels in this area are older, I felt that our hotel room really showed its age. If visiting New York in the future, I would not recommend this hotel nor would I stay here again.	
Dec 4 2007 	Great location great staff	Stayed here for 5 nights with my daughter. It was our first time in New York. Staff were great, from checking in to us checking out, and very helpful with directions to places of interest, which shows were still on (we were there when the stage hands were on strike). Room was spacious for city hotel, very clean and super beds.Hotel was perfectly placed to visit main shopping areas and sites such as Rockerfeller centre, 5th Avenue etc. There are a couple of delis, restaurant and diner within a few yards of the hotel which gave you a great choice of eating when returning from a long day's sightseeing or shopping.Would definitely recommend and would certainly choose this hotel again.	
Nov 26 2007	Top marks to Affinia 50	Have just returned from a fantastic five day trip to New York with my brother.Although we loved everything about the experience, Affinia 50 has to take some of the credit for making our visit so memorableOur room was clean and specious and the beds were incredibly comfortable.The bathroom was small but very clean and modern and the staff were always very friendly and helpful.In terms of location, Affinia 50 is well situtated just a few blocks from major attractions such as Grand Central Station and the main shopping areas. The nearest subway is just around the corner and there's a selection of bars, diners and restaurants to suit all tatses and pockets juts a short walk from the hotel.All in all Affinia 50 offers excellent value for money and I would have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone looking for a friendly, reasonably priced hotel near to all the actionI'll definitely stay there again	
Nov 22 2007 	Fantastic!!! Couldnt fault it even if i tried!	stayed at the Affinia 50 for 4 nights from 15-19th November. Stayed in room 1108 - and was a fantastic room. Lovely sized rooms and the pillow service was excellent!! didnt find the bathroom too small as others have mentioned, and the kitchen came in very handy! Room had a good view out onto the street and the air con was perfect. Got a bit hot sometimes, mainly after using the hairdryer (which was supplied!) but we just opened a window for a bit and it was fine. Subway was only 2 minute walk away and hotel central to all the main sites, times square, rockefellar etc which was only about 5-10 minute walk away. Staff were very friendly and helpful, always smiling. Overall us 3 girls felt perfectly safe in New York and had a fab time! am looking at booking again and wouldnt have to think twice about using the Affinia 50!	
Nov 21 2007 	Good location and great service	We booked the hotel via city and show and received a great deal. There was three of us and we received a two double bed room which was spacious enough for the three of us considering it was NYC the rooms are huge, there was also a kitchen which was great for those nights when we had brought food back from resturants. The rooms are very also very clean ! The service was great we had s light problem in that we used to smell cigerette smoke in the mornings and they delt with the problem stright away even offering to change the room for us. The have a free cheese and wine at 6.0 to 7 on the second floor it was good the kind of relax after a hard day shopping and before going out for the night. The location is great times square is a about a 10 minute walk and has three girls we felt safe in the area.	
Nov 20 2007	Affinia 50 perfect for shopping and sightseeing	Have just returned from a 4 day stay. Fantastic hotel, the concierge Tanya went out of her way to ensure we got the best from our stay, so much so that in 3 days we did the helicopter tour, went up the Empire State, did the horse and carriage through Central Park, visited Grand Central Station, Tiffany's Macy's Bloomindales, all the shops on 5th Avenue, 3 restaurants and had a limo ride as well! 4 of us stayed in a 1 bed suite, which was clean, spacious and had great views. There was complimentary cheese and wine, coffee and tea and Tanya even sent wine to our room one evening while we were getting ready to go out. The location is central for all the main attractions. We chose to travel by taxi as opposed to using the bus or underground, the most we paid was $20 to get to the ferry for the Statue of Liberty.Would definitely return to this hotel.	
Nov 18 2007	We loved the Affinia 50!	I went with my two daughters for a 5 night stay at the Affinia 50 and we will go back for sure. Have already recommended to several friends. The location could not have been better, it was reasonably clean and the staff were superb! I would have prefered a quiter room, but the noise level was not unmanageable. Close to underground, very central, food shops, cafes and excellent restaurants, don't miss Nada sushi, really excellent.	
Nov 16 2007 	OK but not the 8th best hotel in NYC!	We've just returned from a four day stay in the Affina 50 in New York. We chose it because it was rated as the 8th best hotel in New York on trip advisor which we've always found to be a great bench mark. However, whilst the hotel was OK we were disappointed with some aspects of our stay. In general the staff were helpful and the room was of a decent size and the bed was lovely and comfortable but the noise level from the street was so loud it regularly woke us up. The bathroom had definitely seen better days and was pokey. Our sink plug didn't work properly and when we pulled it out to let water down it was then removed by housekeeping for a couple of days leaving us with no plug at all. Our door lock didn't work and we kept being locked out which was very frustrating. The alarm clock in the room had been set to 4am so woke us up at that time on the first day (no fun when you’ve just managed to get to sleep with jetlag!) Housekeeping was erratic, sometime great, sometimes terrible; we came back to our room one day when the maid was still cleaning and found that she had put all of the dirty linen on top of our open suitcase, crushing the contents. The bedding itself left something to be desired; the sheets were too small for the bed so ended up in a crumpled heap after a couple of hours in bed, leaving us just with an uncovered duvet on top of us, an experience that I am sure was shared by the guest before us and the one before them etc – essentially meaning that we all shared the same bedding! The aircon was definitely aged and the room was generally too hot or too cold. There is also no bar in the hotel at all, so we ended up at The Benjamin up the road for a quiet drink and on reflection would have preferred to be there for the duration of our stay (even though it only rated #23!)	
Nov 15 2007 	We love the Affinia 50!	We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Affinia 50 and have to agree with all the previous positive comments. We did a LOT of research before booking this hotel and relied heavily on reviews from Trip advisor users. Once we had made up our minds that the Affinia 50 was the hotel for us we couldn't wait to get there.After a nervous 24 hours when Airmiles told us that despite having a confirmation email the hotel was fully booked and offered us several very poor alternatives, we finally got our confirmation (again) that we had a 1 bedroom suite.We arrived late at night and from check in to check out everyone was very attentive. The suite was gorgeous, very big, with full kitchen (not that we cooked anything but handy for making drinks etc!) and a large lounge/dining room. The sofa bed had been made up ready for us on arrival. The bedroom was plenty big enough for two double beds and all our cases and shopping bags - which increased with every day of the holiday!The beds are very comfortable with lovely bedding and made up beautifully every day by the Housekeepers. The room was spotless and the hotel's location is perfect for walking everywhere. Last year we stayed in Battery Park area and had to catch a subway everywhere - this was so much easier and great for dropping off shopping bags and then carrying on again!!Overall we would definitely recommend the Affinia 50 and are already talking about rebooking for our visit next year - book this hotel and you will not be disappointed.	
Nov 11 2007 	Great Bithday trip	Originally reserved a 1 BR suite with 2 queens for 11/9-11/11 to celebrate my mother's birthday, but upon checking in we were told the 1BR suite they had for us was 1 bed only with a sleeper sofa. They were completely sold out for the night so showed us a guest room on the second floor with 2 queens, and that ended up just fine- plus it was right across from the Club room, which could have served as our living room, had we needed one. The only problem was the second we walked in the room, Lenny (he was the best!) offered to get us a fan; it was evident the heater was broken and on full blast. We ventured out in the rain to Smith and Wollensky (again, great suggestion form Lenny), had a great dinner and got back to our room- the fan had been delivered. It was a box fan so we put it up on an end table and left it on full blast all night and slept like babies- I have to say their beds are the BEST- so good that we slept until 10:30 Saturday morning! We heard NO traffic noise but our room didn't face the street.This hotel is in the BEST location- everything we wanted was within walking distance (we didn't want to go to Times Square or, Broadway.)My biggest disappointment was the complete lack of service at the door Friday night and Saturday. Once we struggled in the door ourselves with our luggage - no doorman, with or without a hat. Likewise for Saturday, when we returned from shopping, struggling in the door by ourselves. This time the famed doorman with the fedora was there- behind the desk. I never ONCE saw him outside. Today (11/11) was a diifferent story- the doorman- a very tall gentleman, didn't catch his name was wonderful. In a city known for top service this hotel needs to be more consistent, but I am headed back to NY 1/08 and will be staying at Affinia 50 again.	
Nov 9 2007 	Perfect	Absolutely brilliant. Great service, superbly clean rooms, most comfortable beds ever and beautiful linen.	
Nov 1 2007	Great Hotel in Manhattan!	We stayed in the Jr. Suite and it was enormous (there were 3 of us). The service of the hotel was amazing. Very receptive towards us. The location was key. Only a couple of blocks from 5th avenue. Great restaraunts and a nice walk to Central Park. Also near the subway station and easy access to the hotel from the airport via the subway. The price was right on this one for sure!	
Oct 30 2007 	What a fabulous place to stay!!	Can't say enough great things about this hotel! The beds/linens were wonderful; we had a jr suite w/kitchen- it definitely was worth the extra money! Everyone there - Manny, Rome, Ralph, Tonya, Samuel, Halaina, etc. - treated us like royalty! Super clean, big rooms,Aveda products in the baths, close enough to most everything - cab fares were very reasonable if we couldn't walk there. When we plan another trip. we will definitely be back!	
Oct 28 2007	Great location and clean!	Great location.. right across the street from Madison Square Garden..The staff was friendly.. the lobby is beautiful..the beds were very clean and comfortable.. the air conditioner was not the best but did work..bathroom is pretty small but overall a fine experience.. I love NY!!	
Oct 27 2007 	Quick stay not long enough must go back	I visited NYC on business and the arrangements were made by the company bringing me there so I played no role in the selection of the hotel. I shouldn't have worried.They booked me at the Affinia 50 and I check in to discover that I had been assigned a deluxe suite in the penthouse. The room was huge with small full kitchen, dining area, living room, separate huge bedroom and bathroom. I also had a very nice and large corner terrace. As an environmentally conscious person I was pleased to see a recycle bin in the kitchen. Due to my short and busy visit I wasn't able to enjoy the room to the fullest but I particularly enjoyed the big comfortable bed with pillow menu and the terrace to enjoy the morning newspaper automatically delivered complimentary to my door.I did find the room to be spotless clean and everything was in working order although it required some muscle to close the terrace door after using it.I had the hotel's continental breakfast in the 2nd floor club room compliments of the hotel, I don't thing I would have had it if I had to pay the $14.95 charge, it was nice but not nice enough IMHO for that price. The variety of cold cereals was lacking but did enjoy the wide selection of fresh fruit.All of the staff across the board was a pleasure to deal with and they gladly held my luggage after check out while I went walking around to kill a few hours before my flight.	
Oct 24 2007 	Avoid the Second Floor!	This hotel was cute and centrally located, but I had the bad luck to get a room on the second floor directly across from the room where they keep the linens, so starting at the crack of dawn and going throughout the day I heard the constant slamming of the door. The second floor window was also directly on the street, so I had to keep the blinds closed the whole time or be on display like a zoo animal, so that made the room kind of depressing. Also, my coffeemaker didn't work and the bathtub drain was broken, it took two calls to the front desk before someone was sent up to get them fixed. Then when a guy finally came up with a new coffeemaker and a rubber drain stopper I was about to check out. Cute place though, I think I just had some bad luck.Coolest thing about the hotel: room service comes from the Indian restaurant across the street, a nice change from the usual steak-and-potato fare.	
Oct 24 2007 	Another great visit to Affinia 50	This was our second stay at the Affinia 50 and once again it did not disapoint. The staff are wonderful, Manny on the door, remembered us from our visit last year. Nothing is too much bother for them. The only minor issue was our room, which although it was on the 4th floor, it was above some air con units which were a wee bit noisy. The club room on the 2nd floor is a great meeting place and good for a quick pre- getting ready to go out for dinner drink!!! We will definitely stay at the Affinia 50 on our next visit to New York.	
Oct 24 2007 	Excellent Choice	We stayed at Affinia 50 for 4 nights recently and had a great time. The room was spacious and clean and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel has a great location too - close enough to walk most places, but quiet enough to get some sleep!	
Oct 17 2007 	Very good choice in Manhattan	My wife and me stayed for nine nights at Affinia 50 and we loved this small hotel. The room was spacious if you compare with others hotel's in NYC. Distinct decor and clean bathroom. Very confortable bed. Staff was professional and attentive, mainly the housekeeping. The location is perfect if you want stay close of midtown's highlights (NY Library and Bryant Park, Grand Central Station, Times Square, Broadway's shows, Fifth Ave. shops). There are many options around the hotel to eat out, with great restaurants near. I suggest Aquavit (five blocks from hotel) and Dos Caminos - few steps from hotel, on the corner of 3rd ave. with 50 st. My singular complain is about the breakfast served at club room, not so extensive how they announce in the affinia's website. We certainly would back to Affinia 50.	
Oct 14 2007 	Perfect	Great Location, good sized rooms, friendly staff. We were surprised of the size of the room as we had heard New York rooms were boxy and were very pleased with ours. Modernly furnished, all air-con, coffee machine in room, lovely Aveda products only little moan is bathroom was a little tired looking. Staff were very friendly and doorman Manni was fantastic. He can tell you the best and quickest way to anywhere so make sure you ask him, he was fab!!  Our best restaurants were in Times Sq. Maxie's for b/fast, lunch, dinner, Bubba Gumps for fun food and great shrimp and Ruth's Chris Steakhouse for the best steak in the world ever!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 9 2007 	Happy Days	A fantastic hotel/people/location. An excellent place to stay, close enough to all the highlights of manhattan but a small distance from times square to ensure a decent nights sleep. Matty and Samuel the doormen are real characters and well worth getting to know, they'll brighten up your trip whatever the weather. Only thing missing from the hotel is a bar but it gets you out into the real world a bit more. We stayed in the queen room which was great for what we needed, minibar/good shower/ nice bed etc.. You must go to Burger Heaven on East 49th st for breakfast, it's cheap as chips and will fill you for the day, can highly recommend the two egg plate with bacon. Will definately stay here again on our next trip.	
Oct 9 2007	Great hotel	Just got back from a 4 night stay at this hotel, which I thoroughly recommend. The room was lovely, really big and with added extras such as free aveda toiletries, a well-stocked mini bar and a pillow menu, so you can choose the pillow that suits you and your needs best! And the club room on the 2nd floor is well worth taking advantage of, with big comfy leather sofas, a huge TV and free tea, coffee and water at all times and best of all - free wine and cheese Monday-Thursday between 6pm and 7pm! The staff were also great, really friendly and helpful. The location is good, between third and Lex with a subway station within a block and Grand Central a short walk away, and it is within walking distance to some great bars and restaurants all down second and third avenues. I would stay here again.	
Oct 3 2007 	Great Service...Will Return.	My husband and I were thoroughly impressed with the service at this hotel. It was so much better than at a larger chain. Tonya the concierge and the young women at the front desk ( I' can't rember her name but she wore glasses) were both so professional and helpful. We travel to NYC at least once a year and lived in the city for a couple years and feel that this is a great location away from the noise of Time Square. There are tons of great restaurants nearby as well as Ess-A-Bagel ( we miss good bagels)Next time we return for pleasure this will definitely be at the top of our list of places to stay.	
Oct 2 2007 	Loved the Affinia 50!	We just returned from a Saturday night stay at the Affinia 50. We were celebrating my Mother's 70th birthday and booked a suite for four ladies. I contacted the hotel about a month in advance and told them about the special birthday. They upgraded us to a two bedroom corner suite on the 16th floor. It was very spacious and the view from the balcony was beautiful!I had read the other trip advisor reviews before traveling, so we weren't surprised by the splashy sinks but that was just a minor point given the large living area and dining space.The club level was helpful for us because we had different folks arriving at different time so that the early arrivals could freshen up and head out to Bloomindale's (with discount coupons from the front desk!). For breakfast the next morning, we took the advice of other posters and went to Essa Bagel. We got a nova platter and three extra bagels and had a nice feast for four back in our suite after stopping in the club room for coffee and tea on the way back up.There happened to be a street fair on Lexington on Sunday so after we checked out, we left our bags at the front desk and went off bargain hunting. Overall, it was a wonderful stay!	
Sep 30 2007 	Great Hotel with a Great Location	My sister and I just returned from a cruise where we had a 3 night pre cruise stay at the Afiinia 50. We enjoyed our stay here. It was a very nice hotel. We had a 2 bed studio on the 12th floor. Didn't have any problems with noise from the street or any rooms next door. We had two very comfortable beds in a large room. More room than other New York hotels we have stayed in. Our room had a small kitchen that had a stove(that we didn't use), a microwave and a full size refrigerator. Nice to keep drinks in and a few breakfast items. The bathroom was small but I didn't think it was too small. Great Aveda products supplied. Hotel staff also greeted us upon leaving the elevators in the lobby and the doorman always &quot;welcomed us home&quot; upon our arrival back to the hotel. Nice touch. The hotel was in a good location. We liked being out of the chaos of Times Square but it was close enough to walk to Rockefeller Center and Times Square. We felt safe walking back to this hotel at night. Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 24 2007 	Great hotel	We just got back from a four day stay at the Affinia and we just loved it. The room was the biggest and best we have ever had there was even a pillow menu! The staff was helpful and pleasant. Highly recomended.	
Sep 19 2007 	Great Location great room loved it !!!!!!!	We have just returned from a 4 day break to NY from London. Well what can I say we have a standard double room with the biggest bed I have ever slept in we was on the 3rd floor and my initial reaction was that the noise was going to be intolerable. I never heard a thing!The room was a great size for the two of us bigger than some rooms I have had on previous holiday abroad. It had a big TV and plenty of space for all the shopping bags!. Bathroom was a bit on the small size but the shower and bath etc was clean with fresh towels each day. (what more do you need)The hotel is between 3rd and Lexington and five block walk to the Rockefeller centre a great location with not to much hassle and bustle as if you were staying in time square.I would highly recommend this hotel and would go back for sure.	
Sep 18 2007 	Great for 4 folks!	We were in NY with our 2 teenage daughters for Labor Day weekend and couldn't have picked a better hotel! Because our flight was delayed and we arrived at the hotel close to midnight, they had run out of rooms with 2 double beds... No problem - They upgraded us to a 2 room suite! Aside from that obvious perk, the hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We already had our theater tix but the concierge was able to recommend a terrific restaurant nearby. Would definitely stay here again and it was a BARGAIN relative to other NY hotels with 2 beds!	
Sep 9 2007 	Great Experience	I stayed here one night with a friend. I booked a 2 bed room. We were upgraded without asking to a 2 bed suite which included a little kitchen. The room was huge, clean, and luxurious. The bed was fantastic--we took advantage of the pillow menu. The service was superb. We didn't notice any street noise (we were on the 7th floor). The Aveda toiletries were great. The bathroom was spacious and very modern. I would definitely stay here again. It's a nice modern hotel. The suite we had would easily and comfortably accomodate a family of 4.	
Sep 5 2007	great value and location	Great value and location. Small and modest lobby but staff was exceptionallly friendly and helpful. Room was spacious for NYC and very clean. Updated decor and bathroom. Housekeeping did an excellent job. I will definitely stay here again!	
Sep 3 2007 	Not really worth it	We paid around $350 a night for a suite at the Affinia 50 at a &quot;discounted price&quot;. The value we got was far inferior to this price even if it's not a &quot;bad&quot; hotel per-se. In a city like New York there are far better options available.We arrived there late night to find an indifferent check-in and a very large room completely unpopulated of furniture. The problems began rapidly: some of the parcels we had been expected were not there. I had contacted the hotel previously to request my parcels to be held. I assumed they were delayed.Once in the room, we found we had no hot water AND that the toilet was leaking water quite badly. We were so tired we just fixed it with a hanger - the Mexican way - until the next day. Not impressive.The next morning my girlfriend had a really important interview and the hot water wasn't coming. In the end it magically appeared, despite the front desk ignoring us. The toilet was fixed almost 24 hours after reporting it.The rooms do look a bit like the pictures, in a style I personally found quite disagreeable. Objectively, however, once inside the lobby you felt the place was a dump. We didn't see the famous bell boys with the hat until the day we were leaving, and the ridiculously small lobby with the potted trees and the fountain are not awe-inspiring considering the price we paid. If you get a deal, however, this wouldn't be concerning.Finally, our parcels were actually RETURNED TO SENDER by the hotel staff, and despite my repeated mentioning of how angry we were at this to various members of staff, including the manager, we did not get one dollar refunded off our ridiculously high fare. We got into an enormous amount of trouble to rescue some of the ones which were rescuable.In the end we did sleep and were well situated, but I'd recommend the Parker Meridien for a higher-end option if the price is right. There's thousands of options in the Big Apple to have to go through this.	
Sep 3 2007 	Sleep Deprivation!	Spent an awful 2 nights here...Room hallways are smelly and filthy, Bathroom is miserable! Street noise is unbearable! ...The front desk managers are incompetent, annoying and useless. Best part of stay was the morning we checked out of this place. IF IT WERE A COLOR IT WOULD BE GREY. Fortunately for us, we moved to a gem hotel and were able to begin enjoying the rest of our stay in NYC!!	
Aug 31 2007	Loved Everything About It	Just returned back to the UK from a wonderful 4 day stay in New York, for our 25th wedding anniversary, followed by a family wedding in the White Mountains, New Hampshire. Can I just say that everything about this hotel was awesome. Had spent weeks (months) even reading reviews about different hotels in New York and decided on this one after much deliberation, but mostly because of the excellent reviews. Our room was amazing on the 18th floor. It was a suite with a balcony off the lounge and bedroom. We took our 3 daughters with us and they were stunned by the views. Yes, it was noisy, but it was New York, and we decided that everywhere in New York had to be noisy cos the traffic never stops. We were so tired each day after sightseeing that the noise did not stop us from sleeping, and just added to the excitement of being in such a wonderful city. The staff were all very polite and always eager to help, especially the guy on the door with the hat, he was amazing, just wish we knew his name. We actually did not have any problems at all during our stay, but I do agree about the sink thing. We thought the hotel was a little out of the way when looking on the map, but soon found that everything we wanted to see was within walking distance. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone, and hope it helps anybody hoping to stay in New York in the future.	
Aug 29 2007 	Well Kept Secret	Perhaps I shouldn't be telling the world how good this hotel is?We have recently spent two visits at this hotel and are absolutely delighted with it. Yes, some of the lower rooms are noisy due to New York - not the hotels fault! Fire sirens, taxi's, nightclubbers etc. If you want a quiet nights sleep then book a higher room or visit the countryside!We were in a room on the 3rd floor street side where even though we expected a little hustle and bustle and our room door faced the elevator door we all slept soundly (2 adults 2 kids).This is one of the friendliest hotels we have ever stayed at. The check-in is so quick and easy and you are immediately supplied with maps and some general information on the immediate area - even without asking! This was our first trip to New York - a place where we would admit to having some reservations about the city and its inhabitants. These were immediately removed by the attitude of Affinia 50's staff.The room was very clean and comfortable, maybe not to be described as enormous for 4 people but average sized and ample for us. . The bathrooms were also a little small but had everything required and were fully functional. The beds are very comfortable. The room cleaning was very efficient and perfect every time. Each room has a coffee maker, ironing board etc. We didn't use the gym facilities that are provided but they seemed very adequate on inspection. The lifts are average - NOT small. There is no bar but there are many bars and restaurants nearby within a very short walk.The location is excellent and major attractions can be reached within minutes of the hotel. This is contrary to previous reviews for this hotel but - a 1/2 mile walk is really not far! Times Square or Central Park is about a mile away and when you take a taxi you miss all the stuff in between. Go on - give it a try.The rooms are great but the major selling point here is the friendly staff of this hotel. The minute you return from your long day of touring the city you are met with a verbal 'Welcome home' from the bell men and reception staff. They are always willing to help and are ever smiling. We took advantage of a late check out facility that was free. This gave valuable extra city time on our departure day as the normal checkout is 12 midday.The next time we return to New York we will definitely stay at this hotel.	
Aug 28 2007 	Awesome hotel	Perfect location, kindly staff, clean room, I stayed here with my family for two nights. Very good value. I will stay again!!!	
Aug 27 2007 	Best NYC hotel experience ever	I lived in New York for 9 years and travel back once a month for work. I've stayed in all sorts of hotels over the years but this was by far the best experience I've ever had. The service was outstanding, and the suite I was in was larger than most NYC apartments! I've paid more money and stayed in rooms not even 1/4 the size. The people were lovely and really went the extra mile. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone, and l plan to book future trips based on when this hotel has availability.	
Aug 24 2007 	Solid 3 star but not a 4 star property	Just back from a stay at the Affinia 50. Overall was satisfied. On the plus side, the rooms (at least ours) are relatively spacious. Bed is comfy. Good isolation from noise, which I was not sure would be the case because we were down on the 3rd floor and close to the elevator (though not right adjacent to it). On the flip side, the room was showing some minor signs of wear. In two places the molding of the headboard was noticeably peeling away from the frame. The lone dresser was cheaply made, something you might put in a kid's room, not suspension drawers, and one of them was stuck partially opened, enough so that we just didn't use it. The bottom of the inside of the bathroom door was very badly scratched. One bulb in the bathroom light fixture burned out and remained out during our stay (3 nights). And when in the bathroom, the sound of music clearly echoed into it from some other room, could not tell if was from below (the lounge is on the 2nd floor so probably) or above. But while audible in the bathroom it was not loud enough to disturb us in the main room. I stay in Midtown East a lot, and this location is close to the Divine Wine Bar (flights of wine and tapas-like food) which I heartily recommend, Amma (great Indian food) and Dos Caminos (Mexican) which is also good. My complaints/observations are relatively minor, but they are the type of things separating 3 star and 4 star hotels. There are other hotels in the area (which I won't name, as TripAdvisor has rejected a restaurant review of mine in which I named other restaurants), some of which are a clear step up in quality and can be had for similar prices or even less when they run specials. All in all, if you book at Affinia 50 it seems a pretty safe bet you won't be disappointed, but you won't be wowed either.	
Aug 22 2007 	Friendly and Clean	This was my second trip to N.Y. I was here last year but stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square (48th &amp; 8th). Stayed here because of the reviews, thought we would try something different. We were met by friendly smiles and genuinely happy people. After getting into the elevators which are extremely small and I mean small we arrived on the 5th floor. Our room was very clean, loved that they don't use Bedspreads but fresh clean sheets, so much more sanitary. The room was an okay size, I agree with another guest that the bathroom faucet spewed way too much water therefore everything on the sink area gets wet. Towels were nice, more water pressure would have been better however it did not ruin my trip. The absolute worst thing about this hotel is the &quot;NOISE&quot;, and I mean NOISE!! You hear absolutely everything and sirens and traffic are a constant, you felt like your room was outside. I found the location to be okay however I much more enjoyed my previous N.Y. visit's location at the Hilton as it was a much shorter walk to various places and the Affinia is further to places such as Times Square. I would recommend this hotel for the staff as they are very friendly and maid service was excellent, okay beds, I prefer a little firmer but it was alright but if you need something a little more quiet than you must go elsewhere. I am not kidding when I say this is a Noisy Hotel, and yes you are in it for sleep only but it is a little hard with all the traffic which is endless as it is on a very busy corner.	
Aug 17 2007	Great place to stay	We recently stayed at the Affinia 50 in NYC. After much research and planning for this first time trip to NYC, I was very satisfied with the choice I made in this hotel. I brought my 2 daughters, future daughter-in-law, and niece with me for a 5 night stay.  The jr. suite we had was huge. The queen beds were just as comfortable as my own at home, and there were no complaints about the sofa-sleeper.  The hotel staff was very friendly from the doormen to the housekeeper to the front desk staff.  I would say that the only complaints I have is that anytime you turned the water on in the bathroom sink to wash your face, brush teeth, etc. the counter would get all wet. I'm not sure if it was due to the sink being too small or the facet being too long &amp; high, perhaps both. I was a little disappointed in the view we had from our window...a brick wall from the building next door. After seeing on tripadvisor that some rooms had beautiful views of the Empire State Building, that would have been really nice. But it was okay because we really didn't spend much time in our room anyway. I would definitely stay here again. Hopefully, I can talk my husband into making the trip next time.	
Aug 15 2007 	Loved it! perfect...	Just returned from 3weeks exploring the US spending 5nights in New York. Absolutely fantastic! The Affinia's location was perfect with many busy shopping areas and great resturants near by. The rooms were very spacious and housekeeping did a wonderful job each day. A choice of several pillows is offered increasing the comfort of your stay, we reccomend the buckwheat! Can't comment on the breakfast as we often popped across the road to Essa-bagel but it looked lovely with great choice! Cheese and wine was offered each night in the club room which was also lovely. The staff were welcoming, helpful and very friendly and really made the hotel what it was. The concierge was well informed, as you'd expect, and continously offered great advice when needed. A brilliant stay at the Affinia.	
Aug 15 2007 	TA Scores Again	Our family (two adults and two teen agers) were steered to this hotel by other TA reviews and, as usual, were not disappointed. The room was large; for New York, very large. The decor was stylish and attractive. The beds were very comfortable and luxurious. We had plenty of closet space, the bathroom was great and first class. Really a nice and comfortable space.The hotel staff was way beyond what I expect in terms of service. Unlike many, I find New Yorkers friendly and helpful as a lot, but the staff here was as helpful and attentive and fun as any I have ever experienced (and that is a large database). The common spaces were somewhat tight, but typical for Manhattan. The exercise room had everything I needed..good, but not the best. The location was good for us...just on the edge of the busiest part of Midtown east...a short walk to either MOMA, theaters or the delightful residential neighborhoods near the East River. If I had to pick on something, it would be that the kitchen was a little downscale from the rest of the room. Given that we received a free upgrade to a room with a kitchen, I can't complain. And it was fine, but just a little on the cheap side relative to the rest of the room and hotel.We paid about $300 per night in high season for the four of us...not too much by Manhattan standards. In short, unless you are going budget with price as the necessary and primary concern, this is a great hotel and a great value.	
Aug 13 2007 	Affinia 50 exellent hotel in New York City	We stayed in the Affinia, on the corner of 3rd Ave and 50th street in August, 2007 for 3 days. We booked a Studio Room , which had a total footprint of 322 sq.ft. It included a bathroom, kitchen and bedroom area. The double bed, room area proper, measured 180 sq.ft. Very generous room lay-out.The kitchen had a stove, refrigerator, microwave and coffee-maker. There was Internet access in the room, as well as a business center with 2 computers. The lobby was very small, but one can hang comfortably in the club room on the 2nd floor. The complementary wine, cheese and crackers every day at 6:00 PM was a nice touch. However, there is no restaurant or other recreational facilities. The place is perfect for business travelers who need a place to stay for a number of days, prepare of warm simple dishes in the evening. There are plenty of places nearby to eat or snack. One restaurant that we can recommend is the &quot;Peking Duck Restaurant &quot;on 52nd street, btw. 2nd and Third Ave. Also an Malaysian restaurant, &quot;Nyonya&quot; in China Town. All in all, we enjoyed our stay very much. RAv9092001	
Aug 9 2007 	NY NY Big City of Dreams!!!	I just returned from a 5 day stay at the Affinia 50 in NY City and I loved it!! The rooms are very contemporary and very clean. The location is perfect - close to restaurants, grocery store, Mcdonalds, Time Square, Shopping, Sightseeing, etc -- you can't go wrong staying here. The hotel itself was nice, the staff was great (especially Lenny and Rome -- very sweet and polite gentlemen). The hotel also has a club room which looks like two large living rooms. They are very comfortable and a nice place to relax if you have to check out before leaving to the airport or wait before you are able to check in to your room. The only bad thing was our room did not face the street. Our view was obstructed by another building and right below our room seemed to be the air conditioning unit for the building. It was very loud ALL day and ALL night long (FYI we stayed in Rm #503). Regardless we enjoyed our stay and would definitely return to the Affinia 50 next time we visit NY.	
Aug 3 2007	Affinia 50 Again!	I reserved 2 jr. suites for my family, on our first trip to NYC ever. We stayed Aug 1st thru 4th. Although I have never been to Manhattan, I have heard the stories of the very overpriced and small, poorly maintained hotels. The Affinia 50 was excellent. We have enjoyed our stay very much, and will return if we make it back to NYC. I had with my a 23, 21, 18 and 17 year old-- my children and a friend. The older children (boys) were in one room, and my wife and daughter and I were in the other. We have all be very pleased. The rooms are good size, and are very clean. Everything is close that we had planned, so it worked out very well. Thank you Affinia 50!--Note: Recommend the 3 hr harbor cruise!	
Jul 31 2007 	Welcome home!	The Affinia 50 is a truly wonderful place to stay. The rooms are extremely clean and spacious, esp by NY standards. The beds are so comfortable as are the pillows-I loved the pillows that were on my bed, so didn't make use of the much mentioned &quot;pillow concierge&quot; although I have to admit that paritally sold me-good marketing! There is plenty of closet space, two full length mirrors and a small fridge. The bathroom had enough shelf space. Real hairdryer, and an iron/full ironing board also. My room was on the 2nd floor, I was originally facing the street but I asked to be moved b/c I am a light sleeper. The room I ended up in was perfectly quiet, also on the 2nd floor, but might be off-putting to some as it had a basement apt feel b/c the windows were high up and had no view to speak of but my personal preference was to have quiet compared to views.The staff at the Affinia are what make it such a special place. After a long day of touring or business it was so nice to come back to &quot;welcome home&quot; and &quot;cheers!&quot; They learn people's names quickly and use them. From the front desk to the bell people, they seemed to be genuinely interested in our well being. Just a very nice group of people to be around. I also loved the punch at the front desk! The club floor is very comfortable, a nice place to relax, and stop for wine and cheese in the late afternoon. The hotel is located very close to two subway lines, including the 4,5,6 and E,V trains. A couple of room for improvement items-the internet access is $9.95 per day or $49.95/week- with so many hotel offering this for free, competitively speaking, I would think the Affinia would too. I did not look at the breakfast at $14.95, so I can't say if it was worth it or not, but it said &quot;continental&quot; and I've never had a continental breakfast worth $14.95. Ess a Bagel has the best bagels ever and is right across the street! One other drawback is there is no bathroom fan. Those were minor drawbacks, however, in comparison to how nice everyone was and how completely comfortable I felt in the room and hotel, especially getting a good night's sleep every night, being warmly greeted upon check -in, and being warmly greeted everytime I came and went. Highly recommended!	
Jul 31 2007 	Large Suite at Great Price	I booked a one-bedroom deluxe suite with two queen beds on the hotel web site for a non-refundable rate just over $400/night for 3 nights. As of family of 5, most hotels require us to split into two rooms which gets expensive. We were given room 2001 and it was a huge one bedroom apartment! We had a large living room with a sleeper sofa, a large desk and work space, a dining room with a round table and 4 nice chairs, a full kitchen, large bedroom with two queen size beds, a medium sized bathroom and a wonderful large terrace/balcony overlooking 3rd Ave. The best things about the hotel are the location (good safe neighborhood with restaurants, easy to walk places), the size of our room for the price, and the comfortable beds (crisp white down duvets).The staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was nicely cleaned every day while we were out. Housekeeping never bothered us in the morning but always had our room spotless when we returned later in the day.Everything worked well in our room - a/c kept us plenty cool, the showers were hot, the drains worked fine. The furnishings were not brand new but were well maintained and very clean.The Affinia 50 was perfect for us! Anyone who desires more space than an average hotel room should consider this hotel.	
Jul 30 2007 	good value good location	Booked at the Affinia after debating many different hotels and booking/cancelling somewhere else. At first we were disappointed that our room was on the 3rd floor (we'd requested a higher floor in hopes of avoiding street noise) but our room was very quiet even though we faced the street and were across from the elevators.Our sink and tub flowed very slowly the 1st day, but we notified the desk staff and it was immediately fixed. The &quot;club&quot; feature was nice, as we left our luggage with the staff on the last day, but went back and freshened up, got some coffee, etc., before catching a cab to our late afternoon flight. Every time we approached the staff, from front desk to doorman to concierge, we were served quickly with a great attitude. Everyone was very accomdating.Rooms were very comfortable, terrific beds, tiny but functional and nice bathroom, and convenient to have all amenities (shampoo, toothpaste, etc., even breath mints!) provided what with airline restrictions. In-room coffee and tea were a nice touch, too.We would definitely stay again.	
Jul 22 2007 	just OK	My flight was cancelled and since my next flight was 2 days later, I choose to go back to the city instead of staying at one of those airport hotels. I called some number the ground transportation agent at LaGuardia gave me to book a hotel room and got a quick reservation to stay at Affinia. I have never heard of this hotel before but the agent said it has more than 3 stars. So I agreed and did not have any regrets. It was close to many places of interest.The major thing that bothered me was that my room's bathtub drain was clogged. I think I was also put in a smaller room on a lower floor but paying the price of a larger room on a higher floor. After my stay, I did check Affinia's rates of suites, 2-queen beds rooms and my room. Due to this unsettling feeling, I probably won't be staying at this hotel in the future as there are many hotels on E50s.	
Jul 21 2007 	The best place we stayed on our month long trip!	We got a great rate at this boutique hotel by booking six months out at a non-refundable rate. We got it for 150 to 200 USD a night which was fantastic for New york! The staff were amazingly friendly and helped us arrange a lot of things. The hotel is very swish and trendy and I would love to stay here again. The location is also great, very safe neighbourhood - although we felt most of Manhatten to be very safe!	
Jul 20 2007 	Great stay at Affinia 50!	My family stayed at the Affinia 50 in June. The Affinia is a clean, well-managed hotel in a great location. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are spacious and nicely decorated. This hotel is well-priced for its location and accommodations. We will definitely stay here again!	
Jul 16 2007 	Great hotel	Found this hotel through Tripadvisor and wasn't disappointed. We were very grateful that they let us check in ultra early after an overnight flight from San Diego - 8am! A short sleep and we were on our way. We had a 16th floor room which had two beds and a small but adequate bathroom. Reception staff and others were all very friendly and helpful. We had breakfast at local places and not in the hotel however the nightly wine service we did use - very nice touch and comfortable club room. Would certainly go back to this hotel.	
Jul 14 2007 	Couldn't have asked for more	There were 4 of us in a suite, we had plenty of room. The room was very nice furnished and clean. Everyone at the hotel was of all the help you could ask for. We all felt very safe and at home everytime you came back through the doors. You will not regret you choice of this hotel, the area is convenient also. Wouldn't consider staying anywhere else if I return to NYC.	
Jul 10 2007 	A great place to stay	My wife and I stayed on the fifth floor in a room with a king size bed. The room was comfortable the staff was helpful. The breakfast buffet was reasonable and very convenient. There was, however, a good deal of street noise, including sirens and air horns from the fire engines leaving a nearby firehouse. The subway is nearby and with a metropass the city is your oyster. If you are inclined to walk there is a lot nearby. We also enjoyed the shops and restaurants when we took the 6 train to the Lexington Ave. and 77th St. neighborhood. Less touristy, but very New York.	
Jul 9 2007 	you must stay here	Once again I booked this hotel based on trip adviser and was not disappointed , it was perfect and I am very critical of hotels! The rooms were a very generous size for NY rooms and spotlessly clean (which is my main issue with hotels)The only problem we had was we were originally in room 303 and although I'm not bothered about views the air vents and tubes that we looked onto were terribly noisey to the point that even with jet lag I couldn't sleep. The staff were brilliant they offered to move us there and then but suggested that if we waited until the morning we could move to a much higher floor.. I went to bed with ear plugs, they worked a treat. The next day we we're moved to a suite which was huge and made our stay very comfortable.I wouldn't hesitate to reccommend this hotel, the surrounding area is lovely, there's a great mix of restaurants and cheap eateries nearby, in addition the staff were some of the most helpful I've ever come accross.	
Jul 8 2007 	Wow! What a find!	I've always liked staying in smaller hotels and although this property is not exactly small (212 rooms), it is modest in a city where the Marriott has over 2000 rooms.THe lobby is small and reminds me of so many mid-century apartment buildings on the east side. When you take the elevator to the second floor, you enter a whole new world. As you step off the elevator, you will be greeted by the concierge who will go out of her way to make your trip to NY flawless. Behind her desk, through a glass wall is a wonderful, cheerful public space consisting of a 24-hour coffee/tea bar, a business center with computers and two lounge areas with comfy sofas and club chairs -- one room has a large TV, the other does not.In this area, breakfast is served (a nice selection including nova -- smoked salmon, pastries, cereal, etc) as well as a manager's reception every weekday (early evening) where complimentary wine, cheese and crackers is served and the guest socialize a bit.The room is very spacious. My room had a queen bed, armoire, desk and 2 night stands and there was plenty of room to move around. The tub/shower was large (I'm 6'4&quot; and I did not feel cramped) and there was a floor-to-ceiling mirror on the wall near the door to the room which made it easy to see myself from head to toe on the way in or out.There were three laundry options presented to me when I arrived: do-it-yourself laundry on the basement level; laundry service provided by the hotel staff or sending the laundry to a neighborhood laundering facility. I chose the first option since I need to wash some clothes for a dinner with friends that was happening 3 hours after my arrival. The room had an iron and ironing board.Great staff -- totally commited to making you happy!	
Jul 5 2007	Great location	This is a great hotel - well placed for shopping and all the sights of NYC. Rooms spacious and clean, staff very helpful indeed. Go to Chin Chin chinese restaurant 1 block away and have a fabulous meal - we did!	
Jul 2 2007 	Great value and location for Girls Weekend!	Stayed here Thursday - Sunday (6/28 - 7/1) for a girls weekend (4 females in 30s). Booked this hotel several months in advance and got a GREAT rate. We had booked a regular &quot;guest room&quot; and was a little worried it would be too small for 4 of us to get ready. At check-in we were given a complimentary upgrade without even asking! I'm assuming we had a studio suite and there was plenty of room. We had a small kitchenette with a full size refrigerator, 2 queen beds, a stuffed chair and large desk with chair. There were 2 full length mirrors outside of the bathroom as well as a mirror over the desk - giving us plenty of mirror space for all of us to get ready. The only minor negative was that there wasn't very good lighting except in the bathroom (for putting on make-up). The room was very clean and spacious and the beds were very comfortable. Our first night the air conditioning wasn't working well and it was a bit warm. They fixed the problem the next day and sent a bottle of wine as an apology. VERY good customer service. We enjoyed the free wine and cheese on Thursday afternoon in the club room (offered M-Th, 6-7pm).The location was great! We were able to walk to Barney's, Bloomingdale's, Saks, and major stores on 5th Ave. and Madison. Rockefellar Plaza is literally a few blocks away. There is an Ess-a-Bagel across the street and several diners where you can get a quick breakfast (for less than the $15 breakfast offered at the hotel). There is also a 24 hr. McDonald's next to the hotel (dangerous after a night of drinking!). Dos Caminos (Mexican) is across the street as well (we did not eat here, but I have on a previous trip and it is delicious). There is a subway station about a block or 2 away that has the 6 line which we took down to Spring St. to do SOHO shopping.I would definitely stay here again if we found a good rate. It is not a luxurious hotel, but neither is the price. In this price range in NYC, this hotel is EXCELLENT!	
