Nov 18 2009 	Very good with some limitations	This hotel is in a fabulous location near major subway lines and the express bus to La Guardia. The lobby is very nice, the bar is pretty good, and the outdoor veranda is nice. The rooms are very nice and very clean and comfortable. Its limitations relate to the front desk staff who are varied in expertise and friendliness (eg - &quot;just go Lex Ave and you'll get a cab really easy&quot; - what!????!). Another problem we found in trying to print out boarding passes in the lobby. Most good hotels provide a purpose dedicated computer and printer for its guests to print out boarding passes 24 hours ahead. One has to ask the lobby concierge to do it for you at Fitzpatricks, and if they mess it up, tough luck (and they are not very computer savvy!). Then you're stuck checking in at the busy airport terminal.......not pleasant. Its happened me more than once, so its a real deal. But on balance, if you can put up with that, I'd recommend this to stay in and I'll prob stay there again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Warm and welcoming	This is my third stay at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central. Staff was friendly and welcoming. Since we do a lot of walking the luxurious bed was wonderful. The bathroom is very stylish but the towel bars are all above the tub and are high enough for NBA players. There is no towel rack anywhere near the sink which would have been nice. We use the subways to get around so the location is perfect. We will go again.	
Nov 16 2009 	This hotel is a gem! Felt like a princess! Invited the staff to visit our home state!	This hotel is a gem! We thoroughly enjoyed our charming room, complete with a canopied and really comfortable bed, private outdoor space, and a tiled bathroom fit for a princess (and her prince)! Large double-faucet shower, separate large tub, beautiful bath products, thick embossed towels -- all felt very luxurious! My husband noted that it's the first time I slept in for months! I can't remember when I have stayed anywhere where every single staff person I dealt with in any way was so gracious, warm, attentive, and helpful. We felt like we made new friends and encouraged them to visit us in our home state! We will definitely return to the Fitzpatrick Grand Central on our subsequent trips to New York City!	
Nov 11 2009 	Manager has bad manners	I recently stayed at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central Hotel in Manhattan. I was there with my sixteen-year-old daughter. My husband had recently passed on and this vacation was meant to hopefully cheer up her spirits. A friend of mine had suggested I go to New York, as the shops there are more reasonable then here in Ireland. I knew of the Fitzpatrick Castle in Killiney and was pleasantly surprised to find out there was one in New York. I must say that my stay at the hotel was not pleasant at all. Although the clerks and bellman where especially nice and attentive to my needs the hotel manager George Chavitz was rude and disrespectful to my daughter. One day while we were eating at the hotel restaurant she went to the bathroom, but before entering was stopped by the hotel manager who asked her in a threatening manner if she was a guest at the hotel. He remained at the door until she came out and followed her back to our table! She was very upset, as was I, but we didn’t want to start trouble. Whenever we entered the hotel the bellman greeted us with a warm welcome, but when we past Mr. Chavitz’s desk he looked at us as if we didn’t belong there. When we were checking out the clerk suggested that we can obtain boarding passes from the hotel, but when they directed us to Mr. Chavitz he became irritated, telling me that he was busy and I would have to come back later. This man made our stay extremely uncomfortable and he could care less. It amazes me how a well respected man like Mr. Fitzpatrick can choose a manger like Mr. Chavitz to represent his hotel. I found out that there was another Fitzpatrick in Manhattan and I highly recommend that anyone thinking about the Grand Central Fitzpatrick should try the other hotel to avoid this very rude man.	
Nov 9 2009 	Good and Bad	The hotel had good proximation to many NYC attractions, including shopping, and was reasonably priced. The rooms were adequate, but not nearly as nice as in the pictures posted on their site. Comfy bed and a recently rennovated bath, helped offset the dated sleeping area. Biggest disapointment... don't count on any sort of service from the desk staff. Management really needs to assess these folks. Not only were all of them callous about customer service, several were downright rude. When we asked about the bottle of wine a friend claimed to have sent, (visit was to celebrate wife's B-day) the desk clerk looked and said, &quot;nope.&quot; We tried to explain that our friend had called us that day, to wish my wife a Happy B-day, and told me that she had sent wine. The clerk shrugged his shoulders, and said &quot;nothing here, people make mistakes.&quot; It was surreal! He then walked away. The next day we checked again, and after checking with the restaraunt staff, the new clerk discovered that yes indeed - a bottle of wine had been sent. The hotel had mispelled by name by a letter. She got us the bottle, but never said sorry or made any alternative suggestion. We took the bottle of wine home with us as we were leaving that day.	
Oct 23 2009 	can I bring the bed home?	warm homely feel at reception - especially when we arrived after midnight! The staff were pleasant, welcoming and friendly at all times during our visit. The rooms was small and there was no view from the window (unless you like a brick wall!) but that didn't matter as you're not in NY to sit in a hotel room all day!The bed was just what was needed after shopping, sightseeing and soaking in the atmosphere! It was the most comfortable bed I have every slept in! The room had a bath and shower (in one) and though the bath was smaller than normal it was perfect for me!The only small issue I had was one night we ate in the hotel restaurant and did not feel that the service in the restaurant or bar was on par with service we received elsewhere. The food was fantastic and not so expensive for a hotel.The location of the hotel suited our needs as it was near the train station for travelling around the island. It was within walking distance of Times Square (15 mins), the Empire State Building (20 mins) - though if I was going again solely for shopping I'd stay nearer to 34th St.We paid around $271 per night to stay here and it was expensive but all hotels during this time were around the same price (even 2 star) due to several trade fairs.I would definitely stay here again for a sightseeing holiday but if I was going only for the shopping I'd stay nearer to the main shopping district.	
Oct 21 2009 	Home from Home Hotel!	Stayed here over Valentines weekend February 09. This hotel really is an Irish oasis in the heart of manhattan. A very intimate hotel with really pleasant and helpful staff. Our room was a standard deluxe double on the first floor. It was clean &amp; comfortable with all facilities necessary when staying for a weekend. Even though we were on the first floor there was absolutely no noise on the street outside at night. And its so true, the beds are as comfortable as you will get anywhere! The bathroom was a bit on the small side and bath itself not ideal for soaking in after a hard days shopping. Nevertheless a good room by all accounts. We had breakfast in the Wheeltapper restaurant every morning before heading out for the day and it was lovely - as near to a decent full irish as you will get in New York. Overall I highly recommend this hotel and will definitely be back.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great Location	We really enjoyed the location of this hotel. The room was small, but we didn't spend much time there. It was surprisingly quiet. It was clean and the staff friendly. Grand Central station was half a block away , which allowed us access to anywhere in the city. Would definately recommend to friends.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Location in Midtown	I stayed at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central. I got a nice price through easyclicktravel.comI arrived too early in the day to check-in, so I checked my bag with the bellman. Within an hour I received a phone call alerting me that my room was available.The room was large with a nice sized bathroom. My only complaint with the stay was the placement of a few bathroom features. As a tall person, it was odd that a phone was placed on the wall at exact shoulder height and the toilet paper dispenser was placed at exact knee height.The hotel is located a short block from Grand Central Station, so access to the subway was easy. I made use of the Grand Central Market and the Grand Central dining concourse.The bed was very comfortable. I was afraid it would be too soft, but I slept very well.	
Oct 8 2009 	Lots of space in midtown Manhattan	There are deals to be had if you check around and this hotel is definitely worth it at (sometimes) under $200. Excellent location for tourism or business as you can walk anywhere in midtown. Also very accessible to subway and trains to Westchester and Connecticut. Breakfast can be had nearby in lower level food court of Grand Central Station.Hotel room was large, bathroom too. Very comfortable!	
Oct 8 2009 	Enjoy a touch of Ireland in the city that never sleeps!	Our recent stay at the Fitzpatrick Grand Centra Hotell in New York city was simply delightful! Having recently returned from my 3rd trip to Ireland, I was hoping my selection of this Irish hotel would be reminiscent of the charm and good will I experienced on each of my Irish adventures. I was not disapppointed!! From the moment we arrived in the lobby we were met with friendly service and a beautiful, comfortable home away from home. Our room was very clean, quiet, updated and had wonderful amenities. Following busy days touring the city, the pub and its courtyard were a welcome retreat. Even the guests, many of whom were from Ireland, were extremely warm and friendly. We just can't wait to go back---we've even been invited to visit some of our newly made Irish friends!	
Oct 2 2009 	Saved us from the sidewalk !!!	We booked an apartment and it seems we were scammed !! We were faced with 5 nights in a hovel of an apartment, or 5 nights in the bliss of the Fitzpatrick. Guess which we chose !! NY was packed because of G10 summit, but the staff bent over backwards to find rooms for us and gave us a complimentary drink to help numb the stress of being ripped off by the apartment company. The Fitzpatrick looked after us so well, making our stay memorable for the right reasons. Thank you Fitzpatrick, and I'll be back !!!	
Sep 20 2009 	We loved this hotel	The Fitzpatrick was perfect for our recent trip to NYC. Our room overlooked 44th St so we knew we were in the city. The room was fairly large by NYC standards and the bathroom was twice as big as those in similar hotels. Both rooms were sparkly clean, the bed was comfy, the towels were soft, the staff was accommodating. And the location across the street from Grand Central Terminal was perfect for us to catch the 7 train to the US Open. We also enjoyed drinks on the outdoor patio one evening.The only negative from my perspective was paying $14.95 per day for the Internet. I find it amazing that one star hotels, coffee shops and fast food outlets offer free wifi but the &quot;nicer&quot; hotels charge a fee for this service.	
Sep 16 2009 	Excellent Location 	My wife and I stayed at the Fitzpatrick for our 9th anniversary and we could not have been more pleased with the location and the hotel itself. It was nice being so close to Grand Central; we were able to travel throughout the city easily using the subway. Our room was clean, big and quiet. As a lot of the reviewers have stated; the bed was fantastic. Everyone we met on staff was very pleasant and helpful, especially Mike the doorman. We always felt welcomed on our return from long days of site seeing. We truly love New York and it’s especially nice when you stay at a hotel that makes you feel relaxed. Keep in mind this is a boutique hotel, with a small lobby; but has a warm feel to it. We would not hesitate to stay here again on our next trip to the Big Apple.	
Sep 11 2009 	Average hotel in a great location	The Fitzpatrick is an average hotel, comparable to a Sheraton Four Points hotel. It's not a boutique hotel, so the rooms are slightly larger than a typical NYC boutique hotel but the rooms aren't huge by any stance. The location was ideal though. It's right by subway lines 4,5,6 which take you up and down into many of the major areas of the city. We took 7 straight up to the U.S. Open and 6 down to Soho quite easily. The hotel is located just west of Grand Central Station so if you take a cab, ask them to either drop you off at 42nd and Lexington and just walk around to 44th to the hotel - we found that the taxi would have to circle around Grand Central due to it blocking the direct route on 44th (the MetLife building/train station stands in the middle of 44th). We were able to walk to Times Square (south of the hotel) and walk up north to shops on Madison and Fifth etc. where the nicer shops are. We cannot complain about the location at all (especially since we were travelling with our 2 year old). As well, it's a quiet location for NYC.The hotel itself was older and the beds were a bit lumpy but sufficient for what we paid at less than US$200 per night. I wouldn't recommend eating at the pub downstairs, since it is expensive. There is a coffee/breakfast place across the street and Grand Central has a market inside where you can get coffee, pastries and some organic foods if you want some fresh fruits etc.I would only stay here again if the price was reasonable again but overall, I was satisfied with it.	
Sep 8 2009	Don't bother staying here	Lobby area and bar area were a dump. Bedroom - bed nice but no wardrobes so lived out of suitcases for 5 days just a small closet, no mirror in the room only bathroom which was where the hairdryer point was, so the door opened onto you when drying your hair! We had just come off the QM2 and this was definitely a second class hotel compared to the ship. Food and drinks were extortionate and a different price each time you re-ordered a drink. Food was terrible and a rip off, steak sandwich and a small shepherds pie was $66! We would never advise anyone to stay at this hotel, grubby and unfriendly	
Sep 8 2009 	Good quality hotel	Good a good rate on this hotel. The location is excellent and the staff were good. Rooms were nice but nothing speical. Overall this was a nice hotel and a very positive experience.	
Sep 1 2009 	3 day 2 night NYC peek	Being raised in the South and having only heard stories about New York City, mostly bad, this trip, my first there, was quite a shocker. My wife and I had an absolute blast! The reported no-nonsense cold people, were warm and friendly, the angry hustle bustle turned out to be just incredible energy. And it all started with our stay at Fitzpatrick's. While staying there, I asked the front desk about the Subway and where to get on, tickets, etc., Mr. Parra (the manager) not only walked me through the process but actually walked my wife and I to the station! He then showed us how to purchase tickets, where to get on and where to get off.That started our stay in NYC and at the Fitzpatrick and it ended with Mr. Espinal (front desk) doing the same directional planning for our last day. New York City is an awesome, colossal experience for any traveler, especially for a first timer....having an enthusiastic, friendly hosts like Mr. Parra, Mr. Espinal and the rest of the staff at Fitzpatrick's, made it all the more special.As for the accommodations, the bed was the most comfortable we have ever slept in, while at a hotel.We will be back.	
Aug 26 2009 	OK Value for Money Considering Location but don't expect Coolness...	I've been to New York several times for varying reasons and have stayed in a number of hotels. This trip was a 4 night stay in NYC with my partner who had never been before. We got a really good deal with Virgin Atlantic on flights and also wanted to get a reasonably priced hotel without compromising on quality, so found a deal on TravelZoo which meant we ended up paying £100 a night for the room, which is not bad as it was a 2 minute walk from Grand Central Station (go figure ;) ) and no more than a15 min walk to Times Square.We received a voucher on arrival which enabled us to eat once in the Irish pub that is attached to the hotel - pretty poor and overpriced food, but OK considering it's free.The room was very small but nicely decorated with a decent bathroom. As many people have said on TA, the beds are UBER-comfortable and we always had a great nights sleep. The reception area is pretty limited if youre waiting for a cab and I can't remember anything exceptional about the service.This is the poorest hotel I have stayed in in NYC, HOWEVER, I will admit I have been spoilt in the past, having stayed at the W's,Sheratons, Hudson and Thompson hotels. Would recommend if you get a good deal, but when you're staying in a hotel that BA have obviously got a really good deal on because all their staff are staying there, you do feel a little like you're staying in an airport hotel on the motorway, rather than possibly the coolest City on the planet (in my as yet limited experience :) ).	
Aug 16 2009 	Quiet Hotel in Good Location	Just stayed here for the second time after getting a great rate online. Stayed alone but was given a room with two doubles. It was a small room with a view of a brick wall which made the room dark but otherwise it was clean , fresh , well decorated and the beds are very comfortable. The bar/room service is overpriced and with so many diners nearby save your money.The location is the best selling point. It's central yet on a quiet street so there's no noise and it's easy to forget you're in the city so you'll have no problems if you're a light sleeper. I also heard no noise from the corridor/ neighbouring rooms.The only caveat I'll give is to Irish visitors: It is not as nice as we are led to believe! Unless you're in the Gerry Ryan suite it is nothing to write home about and only choose if you get a good deal. I know people who have paid 2,000 plus for 4 or 5 nights and it is not worth it!	
Aug 14 2009 	Location Location Location 	My teenaged daughter and I stayed at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central and you cannot beat the location. Right round the corner from Grand Central. The hotel is very welcoming with staff answering any questions for us, printing boarding passes, etc. all in a friendly professional manner. Had an air/con problem which was sorted out immediately. Our room was 'cozy' but absolutely adequate. What more can I say - we will be back!	
Aug 12 2009 	Loved the beds!!!!	After traveling from the West Coast to the East Coast, we were tired and wanted a nice comfortable, quiet place to stay. We found this all and more at the Fitzpattrick Grand Central! The beds and pillows are amazing, the rooms quiet, and the room cozy. The hotels' location is ideal as it is right across from Grand Central Station, within walking distance of Times Square and Theater District. Having Grand Central so clase was nice especially when we relied on it so much to get around with and without our luggage. The Pub next door was awesome. Loved the Margaretia Pizza (actually the best one we had in NY...even compared to a restaurant in Little Italy!) Thank you for a wonderful visit.	
Aug 12 2009 	Good location..VERY comfortable bed..	I stayed at the Fitzpatrick for 2 nights. When I first arrived I was surprised by how small it was. You could easily walk/drive right past it! There was no one outside, so I had to drag my bags in myself. But once I got inside, I thought it was very cute. My room was small (it is NYC) but VERY cute and VERY clean..nice tv, bathroom was small, but fine for 1-2 people. The room service was ok. The bed was INCREDIBLE. I have never had a bed that nice in a hotel. It was like sleeping on a cloud..I normally hate hotel beds. I was VERY impressed by this and was able to get a great nights sleep before a big meeting the next morning.This hotel is right off 42nd and Lexington, so there are a lot of restaurants and shops (&amp; Grand Central) nearby..it's also 6 blocks or so from Bryant Park and Times Square.The Pub downstairs was cute..the &quot;outside&quot; patio wasn't too crowded..overall-I wld def. stay there again..	
Aug 4 2009 	ok	the hotel was old but nice room very very small small bath tub also,the bed was very comfortable,the bar food was ok not worth the money do as expensive for what you are getting,i would not stay in this hotel again	
Aug 2 2009 	A very good and easy hotel	Friendly and helpful staff, a medium sized comfortable room adjacent to grand central station.An enjoyable stay and am happy to recommend it. Will stay again happily	
Jul 31 2009 	perfect 3 star	Just arrived back and cannot fault this hotel. Ticked all our boxes- really central whilst not being right in the centre of Times Square (nice for a visit but would have hated staying there!) Just accross from Grand Central- (great for the subway, lovely food court downstairs!) Was so easy to walk everywhere. Hotel itself was great- especially Thomas the receptionist on duty the night we arrived who was very patient and nice to deal with (he changed our room twice for us without any problems-long story :) The bedrooms were lovely, the bed soft and comfortable after a days walking. The bathroom was v good, and the room had good tv and tea/coffee making facilities. We got a great deal on travelzoo which included a $50 voucher for breakfast (which was a bit on the expensive side, but we didnt mind as there were so many great places in New York to get breakfast. Overall would recommend highly as a good quality 3 star hotel with a bit of character	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Location and Price!	This hotel was very reasonable for it's location. We were able to walk to Central Park and Times Square. Our room was a fairly decent size for NYC and we even had a window looking out over the outdoor patio (another rarity in NYC).	
Jul 28 2009 	Good location and value for first time in NYC	For our first time in NYC got a great deal for this hotel on travelzoo so didn't hesitate to book.Saved 70$ per night compared to the rates the hotel website was offering.Hotel is ideally located off lexington so near enough to the action but not slap bang in the middle of things. Great location close to Grand central station and lexingtonOur room was on the 9th floor and VERY quiet which was great. Room was very big spacious and bed was so comfortable!Room was spotless so were all common areas.Bathroom had the usual toiletries and was decked out in marble style. There was some paint peeling from inside the bath so could have done with a lick of paint but otherwise was fine, nice power from the shower too.Concierge has to get a special mention nothing was too much trouble for him,I am sure this is part of his job but he was so pleasant at every passing, and helped us out in every single way possible. It added to our stay.Front desk staff were courteous and professional. Our deal included a 50$ tab for the bar so we used it for food &amp; beverages one day. Bar food has a great selection was very tasty and there is a nice atmosphere with a mixture of nearby office workers and tourists. Only downside to this hotel was the prices of beer in the Wheeltapper Pub were outrageous, even dearer than city centre Dublin and that takes some beating.Our rate did not include breakfast so could not comment on that, but plenty of great places to choose from for breakfast nearby.Overall a great stay but pricey bar will be avoided at all costs if I return!!	
Jul 25 2009 	Far too expensive	Location of this hotel is excellent; bar was good but having your breakfast in the bar is all wrong.Choice on the breakfast menue was very limited.Now we stayed five nights my wife and myself accompanied by my daughter of 15 years and we paid 3,300 dollars on room only basis . This was far too expensive.We have stayed in hotels all over the world and we found this hotel to be the worst value of all.We returned to NY in January '09 and paid 80% less for pretty similar accommodation ina similar good location and enjoyed it as much.	
Jul 17 2009 	Excellent NYC establishment!	I've stayed in several different hotels over the past several years, and the Fitzgerald Grand Central is def. one of the top two I have stayed at, and absolutely the BEST value.The Queen room we had was avg. size for NYC, but was well appointed and the bed was ultra COMFORTABLE! It came complete with complimentary bath essentials, as well as an in room coffee machine/coffee and other amenities such as hair dryer, ironing board, iron, pants presser, umbrella and Fitzgerald bath robe..all to use during your stay. We had a drink on the patio (which is COVERED when it rains!) @ theWheeltapper pub attached and we also had breakfast there in the morning which was very good and had fast service. Although I requested a king room thru Hotels.com, there wasn't one available at our arrival, but the queen room was just fine for my husband and myself for our overnight stay. and QUIET! :) Check in and out was efficient and quick, and the staff very polite and accommodating. I will DEFINITELY stay there again!	
Jul 15 2009 	"The Best Value in NYC!"	Our recent stay at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central was wonderful! This small hotel, very near Grand Central Station, offers quiet, comfortable, well appointed rooms. In fact, this was the quietest stay we've ever had in NYC. 44th street is a one-way that ends at Grand Central, so it has minimal traffic. The charming staff and the unexpected courtyard patio added to the comfort for our three night stay. Our first call will be to the Fitzpatrick for our next trip to the Big Apple.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Rooms Skip the Restaurant	The hotel is located just across the street from Grand Central Station so getting around the city is a breeze. The room that we had was excellent (#910), the bed was awesome but my partner thought it was on the soft side. The shower was enormous, 6 people could shower together with no problem. The hotel was very clean. I thought that the pub/restaurant was very expensive and the food not that good. Overall a great stay and would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Jul 7 2009 	clean cozy comfortable	Surprising find so close to Grand Central. You'd expect a flea bag, but couldn't be further from that. An exceptionally clean hotel with a very homey parlor, pub and patio. The room was very comfortable. The bathroom quite large and lovely (black marble walls, sparkling clean) and even had a window over the tub. There were two windows in the bedroom, one over 44th and the other one from which you could obliquely see Lexington. Bedding was luxurious and bath amenities quite nice. Towels are big and thick but if you're a washcloth user, be watchful since they don't seem to get replaced.	
Jul 5 2009 	Perfect hotel in a perfect location	We booked this hotel on the strength of some trip advisor reviews - we weren't disappointed. The staff at the desk and the concierge were so helpful – he arranged a great dinner cruise for us on our last night in New York. It has a warmth and friendliness that is so often lacking in big city hotels. Our room was a great size, clean and comfortable. The location was ideal - easy walking distance for Fifth Avenue, time square, central park, great shopping, the Chrysler building and grand central. Don't miss the opportunity to cut through Grand Central when you go out and about. There are loads of great places for breakfast on the doorstep - try Breakfast Central opposite the Grand Central entrance on 42nd.	
Jun 29 2009 	What a great Hotel!!!	This hotel perfect for what we needed! The room and en suite were both spotless and spacious and the hotel staff could not do enough for you! They were friendly and helpful!! The location of the hotel was brilliant. Situated right next door to the Chrysler building and across the road from Grand Central station! It took us about 15 minutes to walk to Times Square and about 10 minutes to get to 5th Ave for all the major shops! If you are looking to stay in New York on a budget I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough! Thank you very much for a wonderful stay!!!	
Jun 22 2009 	Thank you for your room Mr Neeson!	THANK YOU FOR YOUR ROOM, MR. NEESON! A truly special Father's Day spent in the Big Apple... thank you to the Fitzpatrick Grand for the upgrade into the Liam Neeson Penthouse Suite on the rooftop. Since my original room wasn't ready upon my early arrival, the front desk made my stay quite memorable! Waterford Crystal chandeliers and working fireplace with marble mantle, bathroom featuring Italian marble and tile, a soaking tub with television, and a double rainforest shower... my Manhattan based son did his best to trade me his apartment for the night (didn't work). Nothing will ever top this hotel experience (it pays to be nice to the front desk staff... I'm sure they have their share of irritated travelers who don't get upgraded).	
Jun 18 2009 	Outstanding!	This is a fabulous hotel in a perfect location about one block from Grand Central Station. It is charmingly decorated with a very European feel ~ I especially loved the library on the ground floor where I could sit and rummage through the books or take high tea. Our rooms were so nice ~ clean, well appointed, with extras such as a pants press, umbrella, and lots of magazines. Chocolates and bottled water appeared at our bedside the first night. But best of all was the service, which was excellent on every level. We have recommended this hotel to friends who have raved about it as well. We will definitely be back!!	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Hotel in a Great Location but skip the restaurant	My husband and I stayed at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central over Memorial Day weekend 2009, after finding it on an internet special. The location of the hotel--on 44th Street close to Lexington and right across from Grand Central station--can't be beat for Manhatten sightseeing (it's literally 5 minutes to the Grand Central subway station). The rooms were clean, and for NYC standards, fairly spacious. The staff were helpful--we were able to get an early check in when we arrived and they were willing to hold our bags after we checked out on the last day. I think the hotel might be a little pricey normally, but it was a great deal at our promo rate. The only thing I didn't like about the hotel was its bar/restaurant the Wheeltapper. There was nothing wrong with the bar/restaurant, it was just a little overpriced for standard bar food. And, there is so much great food elsewhere in NYC, I would recommend skipping the restaurant and eating somewhere else, unless you have a food credit (which we did). All in all, a great stay at a nice hotel.	
Jun 8 2009 	A great hotel	This is an excellent hotel. Our room was clean, comfortable and relatively spacious. The bathroom was spotless and all the plumbing worked well. We were on the 9th floor on the street side and it was very quiet at night. The outside bar was nice with some NYers stopping by after work. In a great location, right across the street from grand central and all the subway trains. Within walking distance to Times Square, Bryant Park and Rockerfeller Center. The food at the pub is average.	
May 22 2009 	A great hotel	Just returned from Fitzpatrick Grand Central ..what a great place to stay. Was worried about &quot;pillowtop&quot; mattresses as we like a firm one. Absolutely no problem, slept like logs. Asked for a quiet room beforehand, and, even though it is also a busy pub, we had no problem sleeping. We didn't have a fridge in the very comfortable room, but we did have an ironing board/iron! Didn't have breakfast as it seemed expensive..$20, plenty of places around. Had one evening meal as they gave us a $50 voucher for the restaurant, food was unremarkable.Grand Central Terminal a few minutes away and also has lots of food options , very convenient...excellent unobtrusive but welcoming staff..this hotel suited us fine!	
May 20 2009	Fitzpatrick Grand Central	True to the name of the hotel, this was ideally located within walking distance of most NYC attractions and the subway. My husband and I stayed here from 8-13 May 2009, and it was brilliant! Would definitely recommend this hotel, and its staff. We got a great internet deal with room rate of USD$149 per night (not sure if this is continuing over summer months) and couldn't have been happier. Room was spacious enough for a couple, with QB, smallish bathroom, and no view (strangely, also no bar fridge) - but blissfully quiet and dark for sleeping on comfy soft bed after long days of walking the city. We'd also recommend using Big Apple Greeter which is a volunteer service for anyone visiting for the first time - our wonderful guide spent 8 hours with us, but I think the norm is about 2-3 hours on a walking tour. The hotel is also within walking distance (about 10 min, depending on the amount of luggage you have!) of the express bus service to/from JFK and La Guardia, costing about USD$15 per person one way. We had a fabulous time and look forward to returning some day.	
May 19 2009 	Can't fault this hotel for anything	We visited New York for the first time this April, this hotel was great value for money. We stayed here for four nights, and can't find fault with anything about it. It's in a great spot, you can walk to Times Square in a matter of minutes, our room was so quiet! The room was great, spacious enough for two, and the bathroom and shower were great. Was dying to test the bed after all the reviews here and it didn't disappoint, extremely comfortable, I almost didn't want to get out of it. The staff were fantastic, especially the concierges. Housekeeping was great, no complaints whatsoever. The restaurant staff were great too, food was great and room service menu was to die for. Maxies on Times Square is fabulous for breakfast, pricey, but definitely worth it.	
May 18 2009 	Once again great stay at the Fitzpatrick!	This was my second trip to the Fitzpatrick and once again, everything was great! My two sisters and I arrived at 11 a.m. to use the bag drop and the front desk staff said they'd check if we could get into our room, and good news, we could! The hotel is clean, the staff is friendly and helpful and the location can't be beat! We called the front desk for extra towels and five minutes later they were delivering them to our room, plus we asked later for additional sugar/condiments for the coffee, with those, too, being delivered to the room in minutes. I read some of the negative reviews and think they can't have stayed the same place that we did. We've stayed at more expensive hotels in NYC, but feel the Fitzpatrick gave us the best for a very affordable price.	
May 11 2009 	Nice Hotel but not worth the money	Stayed here with my Mum and aunt and although the room was nice and big there were a few little things that put me off staying here again. The decor is a little outdated, being Irish the tea making facilities were bad. No hot water for a cuppa. Even though there were 3 of us we only got 2 of everything. Seeing as this room could sleep 4 though this was a little sloppy on the hotels side as we had booked well in advance. The restuarnt/pub in the hotel is extremely overpirced and some of the staff were unpleasant. Just to give you an example, on the last day we had tea and toast for 3 and 2 cornflakes and were charged $61. Prices varied depending on your server!On the up side the porters were extremely friendly and the location is brilliant but for the money we paid i wasnt blown away so I wont be staying here on my next trip to New York.	
May 1 2009 	Very nice hotel but beware......	Lovely hotel, great location, room was clean and good size. Bathroom was clean and had a shower to die for, no problems with water pressure here!! Had a small fridge and large flat screen tv. We were facing the street 7 floors up and noise wasn't a problem. air con worked well and wasn't too loud. Staff at front desk were helpful to some degree. Watch out for the housekeepers, we had a bloomingdales large brown bag full of gifts to take home about $200 worth of things taken from our room, It was nowhere near the bin, but the housekeepers said it was mistaken for garbage. After complaining to the front desk we got the bag back with everything in and on a positive note it was quick, but if we had been out later than we had it may have already left the building receipts and all. My advice keep any belongings in carrierbags in your locked suitcase to be sure. I would come again but would be more carefull what i leave around. Wheeltapper next door was a nice breakfast bit pricey $18 for cooked irish	
Apr 29 2009 	This Hotel Would Certainly Not Make The Top of My List	Having visited New York at Christmas time last year, I was well aware of how expensive accommodation is during this period, however, when it comes to shopping I’m a sucker for punishment and returned again in December! We decided to stay in Fitzpatricks on Lexington Avenue after having stayed in the repulsive Sutton Suites last year we thought we deserved an upgrade! It was a huge improvement thankfully, regardless I do think it’s overrated. It is targeted at the Irish visitor but this is very much overdone, from the framed picture of President McAleese in the reception area to the map of Ireland painted onto the ceiling of the bar. I accept that this would make people feel at home etc, however when I’m away for a few days I would prefer not to be constantly reminded of all things Irish! The rooms are not spectacular, the beds were extremely soft and not very comfortable, the handle on our bathroom door kept falling off and the halls were extremely grubby. The hotel is dated and is in need of a makeover. The bar food was not very good and the breakfast was nothing to write home about. The location was great and the staff were extremely nice but I wouldn’t be in a hurry to stay here again.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great location comfortable but housekeeping was a big problem	My young teen and I stayed for six nights in late March and found the hotel ideal for its location, given its proximity to Grand Station Terminal (GST), with direct subway lines uptown, downtown and to Times Square, as well as a few blocks walk to the United Nations and a slightly longer walk to central Midtown sites and shopping. The hotel feels charming upon entry, and our room on the 7th floor was comfortable and very quiet, even facing the street (GST cuts off traffic on 44th so that helps with traffic volume and noise). The bathroom had a decent counter for all your toiletries and wasn’t miniature like some hotels. The hotel staff in the lobby (desk and door) was polite and helpful but HOUSEKEEPING STAFF WAS A DEFINITE PROBLEM. We had to ask every day for an additional towel which got really tiresome since it seems that if there are 3 or 4 used towels, they should just bring 3 or 4 fresh ones instead of 2. (If washing towels is a problem, how about asking guests to indicate they want clean towels and sheets everyday as hotels do in California and Hawaii where water is more scarce and we always use the same linens for multiple days?) On the third day, a particularly cold and blustery one, housekeeping left our window open and when we returned from the UN at lunchtime, it was already freezing in there. Most days we were out past dinnertime so I can’t imagine how cold it would have been in our room if we had returned late as usual. The coup de grace with housekeeping, however, is that they removed items on two different days that were NOT placed in or were even near the trash cans. These were empty glass and plastic bottles, some of which we intended to keep using everyday as we toured the city (to carry water) or to bring home as a souvenir (from a local NY dairy). I have never stayed in any hotel anywhere at which the housekeeping staff took any item that was not actually in or immediately adjacent to the trash can. I was absolutely shocked that a bottle lying on top of my suitcase or near the TV or on the bathroom counter would be snatched. I suppose housekeeping thought they were being thorough and helpful, but obviously that was not the case. After the second incident, I had to ask the hotel manager to come up to our room and discuss the daily-occurring housekeeping problems. The manager on duty was suitably apologetic and professional. The next night, we came back to find a complimentary bottle of red wine but, as it was already 11 pm and we were leaving the next morning and only one of us could drink, we returned the bottle to the desk and they offered up instead a complimentary continental breakfast which we tried. We had eaten breakfast at the hotel’s pub earlier in the week as we received a $50 coupon towards food and drink upon check-in. Our impression was that the food was mediocre given the price and Midtown location. There are plenty of relatively inexpensive, tasty and quick food choices on two different levels at Grand Central Terminal – go there for breakfast items or a fast dinner on the way to the theatre. Having a room fridge was great for breakfast items like fruit juice and yogurt and for dinner leftovers. One last observation: I could not access the online reservation system for the hotel’s website via Firefox or Internet Explorer; I had to call to make a reservation, and that was frustrating as I wanted to check different dates. I would recommend Fitzpatrick’s Grand Central because the rooms are comfortable, decent size, have the options I desired and it’s a great location. Just watch out for the inconsistent housekeeping staff and speak up if things are not to your liking.	
Apr 28 2009 	Very good hotel	Just back from 3 nights in NYC and stayed in the Fitzpatrick Grand Central. We thought the hotel was great - location, staff, cleanliness, good size room and value for money (paid just over equivalent of €500 for 3 nights). Only a few small things that could have been better* Found the bed way too soft (but that's a personal opinion and most other reviewers rave about the bed!)*Free internet access would have been very handy*One of the phones didn't work in the room, but as there were 3 (including one in the bathroom) this wasn't an issue.*We'd booked tickets to Rock of Ages at Brooks Atkinson Theatre and arranged for them to be posted to the hotel but they lost them...no big deal though as I rang ahead and the theatre reprinted them and had them ready for collection. BTW...the show was awesome!The Wheeltapper pub is a great spot for a couple of drinks and we had dinner there on the first night. The food was nothing fancy but heaps of choice and very fresh.I would defintately stay at The Fitzpatrick Grand Central again and was very happy overall with our stay.	
Apr 27 2009 	Over rated	We stayed in this hotel purely from people going on about the Fitzpatricks hotel in NY. I was disappointed. Reception needs a revamp. Although i found the reception staff friendly they never thanked us for staying with them or asked if everything was OK. The room was very small nothing in the mini bar - you even had to pay to internet services. The bathroom was small, floor dirty and a shower curtain!! Room was pretty noisy at night as it was fronting on to the main street. The attaching bar was very expensive. There was two good things about this hotel - very near central station and the bed was very comfortable. No i wouldnt stay again.	
Apr 20 2009 	Would not stay again	I booked the room for a weekend with my mother. Usually I stay at the W but this was available for a good rate and had good reviews. First impression, the lobby and common areas are worn and need fresh paint, carpet cleaning, etc. The room was small and dark, no minibar, and the safe did not work.We enjoyed the location for it's proximity to Grand Central, 5th Ave, and Bryant Park. The Wheeltapper Pub's outdoor area is a nice spot to have a drink or casual meal.Overall, the hotel is nothing special and I would not stay here again.	
Apr 11 2009 	good location good room	Our room with king bed was adequate in size as was the bathroom. Nice towels, robes, a safe, coffee maker, fridge. Internet available for a fee but there's no business center with computers. We did not try their restaurant or room service. Very close to Grand Central station with its subway lines so easy to get up or downtown. The hotel is on a quieter street than those in Times Square. Booked on the hotel's website, got the long-stay rate and they reduced it automatically when rates went down. If you like Indian food, try Mint or Darbar. Enjoyed the Frick museum.	
Apr 8 2009 	fantastic bed	fitzpatrick hotel is in a great location,just over road from grand central station,a perfect base to explore new york,beds were just great after a days sightseeing,bar was great to relax in ,suppose you could get cheaper room and decor is old fashioned but not grubby.its not as if you spend all your time in the hotel is it?staff very helpful although a free use of a room to freshen up would of been great when you have a night flight,overall a great place and we will be going back next year.	
Apr 8 2009 	when do i go back?	got advice from travel agents. didn't take up on it. found this on net. booked it. great choice. great hotel. great location. 60 yards from Grand Central station. excellent concierge. the best bed you will sleep in. quiet rooms. excellent staff. great bar. great beer. nothing bad to say. can't wait to go back.	
Apr 7 2009 	I'm going back as soon as possible	Arrived at the hotel extremely tired after approx 48 hours travelling. I'd booked with them via phone while stranded in LAX and got a very good rate. Wonderful, helpful staff organised early check-in (at 10am, no extra charge!) Staff were fantastic throughout my 5-night stay, very attentive and hugely helpful as I was in NYC for the first time alone, eep!Room was clean, fresh, well-lit and while not hugely spacious, very comfortable. Accidentally slept through my first day in NYC due to the amazingly comfortable bed! Large TV with good variety of channels, fridge (v useful) and tea/coffee with proper coffee maker. Spotless bathroom, but a little disappointed with the depth of the bath.Had a couple of problems - radiator didn't work and was charged for internet I didn't order - these were quickly and very apologetically rectified by staff.Hotel is perfectly situated for seeing all the big sights - 5th Ave, Rockafeller Centre, Empire State, Times Square and Broadway - all walking distance. In classy midtown so a lone woman like me felt very safe walking around.Overall - brilliant hotel, wonderful staff and excellent location... I don't think I ever want to stay anywhere else in NYC.	
Apr 5 2009 	Was disappointed	theres nothing special about this hotel stayed there for the past week .Chose this hotel on the belief that it was a great hotel that much better then other hotels in the same price range.had booked the affinia and cancelled as this hotel dropped their prices wished i hadnt now the lobby is very dated and grubby.the rooms are small and the lamps only work if u plug them in no switches work on them the tea and cofee facilities are a joke as the pot took a full hour to get hot had to request hot water from the room service.the bathroom if v nice and the bath robes are a nice touch.The bed is amazing tho my hubby had aches from it its sooo soft.dont walk on your bare feet on the carpet its so rough it burns your feet the tv options are good too and the fridge came in handy.the brekkie there is 20 dollars for a simple irish fry a bit of a joke.the location is ok be prepared to walk a lot and bring a pair of comfy shoes also tried to have a bath but the stopper was rigged so you couldnt fill it it was the same in the room our friends were staying in	
Apr 4 2009 	typical ny	1. small rooms (300sq.??) (trouble with 4 bags)bedsheets short, beds soft, but ok. Shower curtains,shower needs an update(see Holiday inn express)2. Windows ....loud ( use earplugs)3. extra internet fee (seems typical ny)4. Location , Staff...very good5. no business center...(bad)6.rate 165 $ okay..but more...???In all okay stay , by ny standart... could be better, could be worse.	
Mar 22 2009 	lovely hotel in a great location close to all major attractions	stayed for five nights over the st patricks festival room was very comfortable although not overly large very quiet location yet only across the road from grand central station staff were very attentive as was the concierge hotel has a nice bar that serves good food and drink finally i would stay here again .	
Mar 15 2009 	lovely hotel but smoky!	I really did have a lovely stay at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central. The location is great, the rooms nice and the bed very comfy. I would even consider staying there again, but:Be warned that it is not a non-smoking hotel. I was supposed to be on a &quot;non-smoking floor&quot; (quotes very much intentional there) and it was still very quite smoky in the hall. The smell didn't make it into my room, but my eyes burned and I wheezed all weekend.	
Feb 27 2009	Fitzpatrick Grand central Hotel New York NY	I stayed in this hotel, two weeks ago, for 3 nights, having read good reviews and got an amazing deal. The hotel was very comfortable. The bedroom was large and the bathroom was enormous. Every facility I wished for was available. The beds were the most comfortable that I have ever slept in, in an hotel...it was very difficult to get out of it! The staff were very helpful and friendly and the concierge performed a miracle getting us a taxi to the airport. The only critisism that I had was that the water pressure was rather weak in the shower.  The location of the hotel is brilliant; it is so easy to access all of Manhattan easily from here.I will definitely stay in this hotel again when visiting New York City	
Feb 21 2009 	Nice Hidden Gem in a Great Location	My mom and I traveled to NYC for Christmas 2008 and stayed at the Fitzpatrick on Dec 25 and 26. We got a very good holiday rate (only $200/night!) and read good reviews on Tripadvisor so decided it was perfect for us.The location is fabulous. It's a block from Grand Central Station and the subway. It's close enough to Rockefeller Center and the Theater District to walk easily but not too close to be swarmed by the midtown crowds. We walked to a Broadway show in about 15 minutes. The street it's on is very quiet, and our room faced into a peaceful courtyard with NO street noise (no view either, but that was fine since we were barely in the room). There were a lot of British Airways flight crews staying there as well as many British/Irish guests. We never went to the restaurant b/c it was pretty expensive and there were better places close by.My only criticism was finding a stranger's curly hair on the toilet and another in the shower upon first checking in. The rest of the room and the hotel in general were very clean.Overall, I would definitely recommend the Fitzpatrick for location and quiet rooms. The staff was pleasant, helpful, and the lobby was very welcoming and nice to come home to every night. A great pick for NYC!	
Feb 19 2009 	mostly in line with everyone else!	great location, good sized rooms, nice beds (but hard pillows).didnt much care for the pub attached and found their lack of internet access for non laptop owners archaic.still, all good.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great location very comfortable	Stayed here for 3 nights. Very central, got bus in from JFK and only 3 minutes from Grand Central Station.10 minutes to Times Square, Empire State etc.Rooms lovely. We were on 9th floor (top) so very quiet.Beds so comfortable and slept like logs! Bathroom lovely tooDidn't have breakfast in the hotelNo complaints really, lovely place to stay and I'd definitely go back!	
Feb 11 2009	Excellent	Check-In most pleasant. Room clean, many lights and lamps, bathroom like new, TV seems new, heat modern and controllable. Bed extra comfortable. You won't beat this hotel at a comparable price.	
Feb 3 2009	Fitzpatricks is Fitz-brilliant	This hotel is fantastic..the minute we walked into the hotel we were greeted by warm friendly helpful staff. Michael the consierge was brilliant with general directions,booking tours etc. The location is perfect, your a short ten min walk to time square and across the road from grand central station. The bedrooms were very spacious by New York standards, spotlessly clean and the bed was just what you needed after a long day shopping!! We ate every morning in the hotel bar. We found the food great and filled you for the long day ahead! It was our first time in New York and we will definately be back to Grand Central Fitzpatrick on our next trip to NYC.	
Jan 14 2009 	Perfect Irish Oasis in New York	Stayed at The Fitzpatrick Grand Central with my wife and friends on a 4 day stay in New York. Very impressed! Consierge and check-in staff were very friendly and efficient. The rooms were adequately sized for New York with a very comfy large double bed, good sized ensuite with never ending hot water, plenty of storage space, personal safe and flat screen TV. We were on 7th floor and there was only a little street noise to be heard. The room was made up daily. The only very small problem we had was no bathrobes - but a quick call to the front desk and they were brought up. Aircon was great . It was -7 Centigrade outside but we were warm as toast.The adjoining Irish railway themed bar / grill is very atmospheric. We tried the breakfast which was very nice but pricey at $22 each. There are plenty of deli's and coffee shops around instead but I would recommend the dining concourse of Central Station which is only 250 metres away. Garfield, the conscierge, was a great help and has a limitless knowledge of New York. He helped the girls select shops and gave them discount vouchers, maps etc at no charge. Summing up - grand hotel - great staff - superb location!	
Jan 12 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	No words, except.... fantastic, fantastic, fantastic !!!Perfect for City sightseeing.	
Jan 5 2009	Outstanding!	I`m indebted to Tripadvisor and the recent reviews that made me aware of the incredible Travelzoo rate of $149 at this hotel. This has to be one of the most amazing and rare hotel bargains for New York City, especially when considering the high standards and overall quality of this property. As others have mentioned, the lobby is small, but warm and inviting. The hotel staff is, without exception, smiling, extroverted and helpful. Our room was beautiful with high quality furnishings and bedding, excellent lighting and tasteful decor. The sparkling bathroom had every amenity anyone could desire and a full tub and shower. I`ve paid nearly three times as much for NYC hotels that can`t even begin to come close to this exceptional room. The Fitzpatrick Grand Central is highly recommended.	
Dec 30 2008 	A Country Inn Oasis in Midtown Manhattan	After seeing the unbelievable Travelzoo rate of $149 for this hotel, and the terrific TA reviews, we didn`t hesitate to book a long, post-Christmas weekend here. What a find! I was amused by a rare negative TA review that didn`t like the small lobby or small scale of the hotel and vowed to return to The Waldorf next time. That comfortable intimacy and country inn ambience is precisely what we loved most about the hotel. It was a quiet respite amidst the holiday chaos of midtown Manhattan. I won`t gush on endlessly about the delightful staff, the stunning rooms and baths, the endless amenities and the quaintness and authentic, rustic demeanor of Wheeltappers, the on premises Irish Pub. Many other contributors have already done that for me. Let it suffice to say that this is a hidden gem of a hostelry and a perfect fit for those who crave warmth, comfort and peaceful luxury.	
Dec 28 2008 	just OK	Stayed 2 nights and found the hotel to be just OK, not &quot;great&quot; as some reviewers stated. It is not a 4 or 5-star hotel but it is still far superior than a 3-star hotel.The rooms are adequate with dated furnishings. Some fixtures really needs some maintenance and upgrades. But most importantly it was clean and comfortable. The bed I had was a King size but apparently they used a flat sheet instead of a fitted one for the mattress so it will move out of place if you are an &quot;unstable&quot; sleeper.Even though it is close to some major sites, the Hotel is located in a non-busy street with minimum lighting. At night there is barely anyone walking on that street and it is really dark. The good thing is it is quiet.This hotel is more suited for the &quot;English&quot; Europeans, not really for Asians, Africans or Latin Americans. In all, I will still consider this hotel on my next visit.	
Dec 27 2008 	Luxurious intimate charm	As a frequent vistor to New York City, I am always on the lookout for exceptional hotel values. To be perfectly honest, I had never even heard of The Fitzpatrick Grand Central. When Travelzoo recently offered the unheard of rate of $149 at this property and after I had read the nearly unanimous rave reviews on Tripadvisor I knew that I needed to experience this hotel. I wasn`t disappointed. Let me begin by saying that this is not a glitzy New York hotel with a huge, bustling, noisy lobby with contemporary, flashy decor, endless restaurants and shops and a big city vibe. Upon entering the lobby, I was immediately taken with the intimate, peaceful charm. There are 2 fireplaces, shelves of books and a an immediate feeling of welcoming warmth. Check in with the personable staff was quick and efficient. The biggest and most impressive part of my stay, however, was the room itself. This is hotel luxury that could easily put to shame many of The Fitzpatrick Grand Central`s more famous neighbors. While the room was of average size, thoughtful details and amenities abound. Decor is traditional with beautiful cherrywood furnishings, tasteful lamps, gold framed wall prints, unblemished carpets and walls and luxurious draperies with matching canopy over the bed`s headboard. The pillowtop bed was remarkably comfortable offering the best sleep I`ve had in recent memory. There is a trouser press, small refrigerator (mercifully not the usual minibar with absurdly priced items), iron, ironing board, coffee maker and umbrella. There are 2 phones as well as another in the bath. The marble bathroom is gorgeous, albeit compact. There is no tub, but a huge shower with a glass wall. Tarocco bath products are offered as well as thick towels, terry robes, shaving mirror and hair dryer. Both housekeeping and maintenance are stellar. My room was towards the back of the hotel and I heard virutally no noise from the street or adjacent neighbors. Hallways are somewhat narrow, but brightly lit and nicely decorated. This is a beautiful hotel and the Fitzpatrick management should be commended on running such a tight ship. This isn`t the usual New York City hotel experience. It`s infinitely better than that.	
Dec 13 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	Stayed in the Fitzpatrick Grand Central in New York for 6 nights.It was a truelly fantastic holiday and so was the hotel . Its location was great within walking distance of all the main attractions ( Time square ,Rockefeller center etc.)Staff were very friendly to us and gave us advice on the best shopping trips to go on we went to jeresy gardens it was great loads of bargains..They also sold us the pass for the hop on hop off open top bus which was really great and very reasonally priced.The room was fine it was on the top floor ,very comfortable and clean ,each room had a coffee machine which was great ,also there was a fridge .It was cleaned each day and bottled water and choclates were left for us each evening .All i can say is i will be back to Fitzpatrick Grand Central New York it was perfect . .	
Dec 9 2008 	Location…comfort…convenience	We spent the last week of November ‘08 in this hotel and booking direct with the hotel got a 10% discount off the room rate. The Fitzpatrick Grand Hotel on 44th Street off Lexington Avenue is in a great location. 1 minute from Central station 1 block from the Chrysler Building and within easy walk of 5th Avenue , Rockefeller Centre, Times Square, Theatre District and Central park. There was a warm welcome at reception and a cosy feel of a family run hotel unlike the austere multi national hotels. The bedrooms were nicely decorated with a very comfy bed, and having a bad back it was very welcome after endless hours of shopping and sightseeing. The bathrooms were slightly on the small side as were the hand towels however bath robes were complementary. A coffee machine, iron, ironing board, trouser press and fridge along with internet access (chargeable) were also in the room for our convenience.As it is an Irish owned hotel there was an Irish breakfast offered which included white and black pudding with Irish bacon along with an American breakfast and continental. The breakfast was good and came with plenty of hot toast and preserves. Breakfast was served in the Irish teamed bar which was decked out in parts like an old train with lots of memorabilia from Ireland on show. The food in the hotel was more expensive than eating out especially with the large amount of gratuity they added onto your bill. Draft Guinness was twice the price it is back home in the UK!! Central station is a fantastic place to visit. Apart from getting the sub way to any part of New York it is a superb piece of architecture with marble staircases a ceiling showing the celestial stars and a warren of corridors and shops. Inside the central market has a vast range of fresh produce from bread, fish, meats, cheese vegetables and flowers. Along with preserves spices and chocolates. In Central station there is an abundance of restaurants and fast food outlets serving anything from Chinese to pizzas to bagels to sushi food.One of the best restaurants we found was O’Lunneys just off Times Square 145 West 45th Street. Great food with good choice and reasonable prices.For great value clothes and shoes try Century 21 next to ground zero. Although my favourite clothes shop is Abercrombie &amp; Fitch on 5th avenue. Be prepared to queue and get jossled with all the crowds in there. Its just opposite Tiffany &amp; Co where I got my daughter her birthday present.For great views of the city go to Top of the Rock on top of the Rockefeller Center @ $18 per adult.We saw 3 ice skating rinks one at Central Park, one at Rocefeller Center and one at Bryant Park behind the public library (with the lions) that is featured on Sex in the City on 5th avenue. Bryant park was free to skate if you had your own boots and you could sit and watch the skaters or brows the little kiosks around the perimeter which sold gifts, woolly hats and scarf’s, Christmas decorations, ornaments and even dog outfits!!!We had top tickets to the Mamma Mia musical which was excellent.We will defiantly use this hotel again on our next visit to the “Big Apple”	
Dec 1 2008 	Spotless	The hotel was very central to everything would stay here again but the only negative thing I would say is some of the staff one lady in paricular made us feel like we shouldn't doing some of the activities we had booked as we mightn't be able to afford it. I work in a five star hotel and if we for one second suggested that to a customer we would be out on our ear. She should know where her bread is buttered. Would stay there again apart from that as the hotel was spotless but I would give her a piece of my mind if she ever spoke to a customer like that again	
Nov 7 2008 	Great Little Hotel	Lovely little hotel right next to Grand Central. Rooms very comfortable, Guiness in the bar and great friendly service. Highly recommend if you want something a big different to the normal NY hotel scene.	
Nov 1 2008 	This is the best!	We have stayed in 20+ hotels in NYC...this is the best. We stayed 3 nights in October. It is very clean and very comfortable. The location is across the street from Grand Central Station, but on a quiet street. The rooms were bigger than most and the beds were dreamy. The service was outstanding and very friendly. Because we had read reviews on TripAdvisor, we booked. We were very impressed with our new favorite hotel. We are looking forward to our next stay at the Fitzpatrick.	
Oct 31 2008 	Highly recommended	I stayed here for 2 nights to attend a conference at the Grand Hyatt. The Hyatt was sold out but luckily the Fitzpatrick Grand Central turns out to be an excellent alternative. The location could not be beat. It was a very short walk to Grand Central Station which is also connected to the Grand Hyatt. The Chrysler building is less than a block away. The room I had was larger than any previous NY hotel room I had stayed in. The room had characters and a luxury feel to it. If you're on a business trip or can afford $400+ a night, you cannot go wrong with this hotel.	
Oct 28 2008 	Best bed EVER	We got a room at this hotel as part of a package and at the time is was very good value. This hotel has a really nice feel, good quality feel to it. The rooms themselves are lovely, quiet and air conditioned. The beds are absolutely gorgeous and extremely comfortable - the best bed we have ever had in a hotel! The location is great as you are right next to grand central so you can get almost anywhere quickly. And you are walking distance from uptown shopping. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel, so I can't comment on that.	
Oct 25 2008 	Loved the Fitzpatrick	My girlfriend and I had a superb 7 night stay at the Fitzpatrick- excellent value, wonderful location and helpful staff. A particular highspot for us was the Concierge Katherine [Kat] Bride who was charming, helpful, knowledgable &amp;informative. We have previously stayed many times at the Waldorf Astoria which we loved, and the Helmsley and have always leaned heavily on the Concierge service to give us the lowdown on places to visit etc but it is to the Fitpatrick we will return to next time thanks to Kat's input. It is a great little hotel- our room was of reasonable size and immaculately clean.our only complaint? the pillows were all too fat!	
Oct 5 2008 	Fantastic!	The Fitzpatrick Grand Central was just great. The location is excellent being only a very short walk from Grand Central. Of course, that means Times Square is only a few steps away too as is the rest of the city. Check in was a breeze, the staff was great and the rooms were clean. Not being on a busy street, the hotel was quiet also. There is a wonderful restaurant/bar in the lobby too. The bar was very busy with young professionals the Friday night we checked in, but that did not really bother us. Check out was easy too, the bellhop even ran over to Lexington Ave. to grab a cab to the airport for us. Would love to stay here again anytime.	
Oct 2 2008 	excellent base	Im just back from an excellent stay at the fitzpatricks grand central - after trying to decide whether to choose grand central or manhattan i am glad i chose grand central .On arrival we were met by the very friendly porter who assisted us with our bags out of the taxi and brought them into the hotel for us.Check in was very smooth and after being given our keys we were told to go ahead to our rooms and our bags would be brought up. They arrived 5mins later . The staff were very helpful and the concierge desk at the door was excellent for information on the best places to eat and directions etc.The beds are the most comfortable ive ever had in a hotel and rooms were of excellent size with 2 x double beds and plenty of wardrobe space and free safety deposit box. They also provided a proper hairdryer ( not one of the usual ones that take a long time to dry hair!) and alarm clock along with toiletries and plenty of towels.Location was excellent , walking distance from everything ( broadway 20mins) and some lovely restaurants around the area ( especially outback steakhouse on 55th/56th street and 3rd avenue) and plenty of shops etc around the area . Grand central station is just around the corner so excellent for getting taxis from . All in all i cant recommend new york enough and wouldnt hesitate to recommend Fitzpatricks Grand Central hotel to stay.One word of advice - if you plan on visiting the statue of liberty book your tickets online before you go and save time ( i used www.statuecruises.com ) theres a seperate shorter queue for ticket holders and you can reserve access to the base which cant be done when you get there so saves time and you get to go inside the base of the statue.	
Sep 27 2008 	Lovely hotel- great stay!	My husband and I stayed here in Spetember- Excellent location, high standard room, very friendly and helpful staff! We had a very comfortable stay, this is a small hotel that provide a warm, welcoming stay. I would definatly stay here again, you will not be disappointed!	
Sep 20 2008 	Fantastic Fitzpatrick	This hotel had it all for us. Recommended by a relative it was our first visit to New York. It completely lived up to our expectations. Great location, super room with comfy bed, lovely staff, great bar and restaurant. Would recommend to anyone. Everything we had hoped for and more!!	
Sep 15 2008 	Stay here - you will not be dissapointed!	Myself and my mun stayed in this hotel in September for a week- we booked with a travel agent and would not do this again as they booked a double room instead of a twin! Anyway when we arrived the receptionist Tamara and also Juan solved this for us very quickly and free of charge and it did not seem like a hassle to them and were happy to help (So good to hear after a 8 hour flight!) The room was very clean and comfortable! This hotel as the most comfortable beds which means alot after a hard day shopping and walking around new york as people know there is ALOT of walking!My mum used to live in New York and was tracking down old friends - thanks to the help of the doormen/porters - Gregg and Mike who went above and beyond to help get phone numbers and addresses! Gregg also recommended the most fantastic little italian restaurant stella de la mer - well worth a visit. Mike was so helpful and Garfeild is a gentleman! The bar staff and also so friendly (eilish is lovely!)Its also nice to hear an irish accent at reception - cormac was very helpful and professional.I have stayed in alot of hotels and also work in the hotel business and I know how important it is for the readers of this and the staff in the hotel to know how good our experience was- the location and staff made our stay in NYC and the hotel is beside everything!!!!! we are already planning our next trip to NYC and would not stay anywere else !!!!!Thanks to all of you for your kindness and being so helpful - you deserve the praise!	
Sep 1 2008 	Great Stay	Stayed here in late July 2008. Arrived around 5pm and after reaching our room we realised our travel agent had made a mistake, only requesting a room with one double bed instead of a twin. After we reached our (small) room we realised this and went back to reception and told the Manager who upgraded us to a twin room on the second floor at the front of the hotel free of charge (they said they would normally charge for this and it was lucky there was space). The new room was very impressive, big and spacious with lots of free space to move around. Bathroom was very clean with good free bath products and robes to wear throughout our stay. The double beds were extremely comfortable with lots of pillows. Air conditioning was on constantly which was welcome due to the heatwave at the time. Maids came every day and were very friendly and left the room spotless. Mini fridge was also empty which was handy. The hotel is in a great location and easy to navigate from, with Times Sq a 10 minute walk away and Grand Central is a minute away if you need the Subway. Also lots of restaurants of all kinds immediately surrounding. This hotel is definitely 4* standard and I wouldn't hesitate to return.	
Aug 29 2008 	Our new favorite!	We have stayed in a handful of Midtown hotels and the Fitzpatrick Grand Central is our new favorite because of its friendly staff, its cleanliness and the Wheeltapper Pub!The Irish hospitality is warm and friendly - during check-in, check-out and throughout our stay. Our hotel room was clean and very comfortable. We loved the beds and the convenience of a mini-refrigerator. The bathroom was also clean, and just like the rest of the room, large compared to NYC standards. We did have a slow drain in the shower, but when we called the front desk, it was handled by the friendly engineer by the time we returned from our day at the US Open.The Wheeltapper Pub on the first floor of the hotel was a great place to come home to every day. Again, the staff was friendly and the pub had a great ambience. It even has a courtyard, with sections for both smoking and non-smoking. We really enjoyed being able to sit outside and have a drink or a bite to eat. On top of all of this, the location is unbeatable as it is across the street from the Grand Central Station. We're already planning our return trip to the Fitzpatrick for next year's Open!	
Aug 28 2008 	Perfect!	Stayed in Fitzpatrick Grand Central with my boyfriend for 6 nights in July/August. Genuinely have no complaints. Room was bigger than I expected, definitely big by new york standards!. Bed was very comfortable, just what was needed after a long day's sight seeing! Room and bathroom were exremely clean, sheets and towels were freshened every day. Air conditioning was a big plus for the time of year! Room had a safe also which came in handy. Our room was on the 6th floor and was very quiet, we didn't hear any street noise at night.All staff we encountered were very helpful and friendly, especially the Concierge who was always happy to help and offer advice / reccommendations etc. Didn't eat in Pub next door so can't comment on that, however we did drink in it a couple of nights and it has a nice friendly atmosphere. Hotel is an excellent location - walking distance from almost everywhere. Plus Grand Central Terminal is just across the road if the subway is required. This hotel really is the ideal location for exploring New York, and while it may cost a little more than some other hotels (and only a little more) it is most definitely worth it. I will have no reservations about staying in this hotel the next time I visit NYC!	
Aug 26 2008 	Great Central	This hotel is the perfect base to explore NYC - it's central (just beside Grand Central Station), the staff were very friendly and accommodating, the room was lovely (big, clean, and quiet - just what we wanted), and there was a lovely beer garden downstairs. Overall, this was a great 4 star and will definitely be our base for future trips to NYC. PS. Don't bother with Mama Mia - it was overpriced and overrated!	
Aug 10 2008 	a great hotel great location	We booked on quikbook for 3 nights starting on 8/5 at $259 a night. Room 905 was great. A most quiet room from both in and outside. The queen size bed, exceptionally clean room, and the layout were nice for the typical small hotel rooms in NYC. All staff were great. The location by Grand Central was special and also very close to Bryant Pk. with its free entertainment. In nice weather, eating outside in the Pk. was a real plus. The hot water problem previously mentioned did exist on the 7th, but was back operating that afternoon.	
Aug 7 2008 	Mostly good but one HUGE problem	Got a great rate and was excited to try this Irish property. Arrival went smoothly, Room was small, but typical by New York standards. Bed was very comfortable and desk large enough to do work. Bathroom was larger than expected. Both room and bathroom were exceptionally clean. Pub was nice for a quick drink at night and breakfast was well-prepared. Up until the morning of my departure I was very impressed. Then it happened....NO HOT WATER for a shower on my departure day. It worked fine the day before. I spent so much time trying different solutions to get hot water to my room (leaving spigot on, leaving sink on, flushing toilet, trying different handle positions, etc.) that I had to leave in a rush to catch my flight. Because of the line to check out, I had no time to complain to the front desk, I just left. They will hear about it in a letter. I travel quite a bit for business and have never had this happen before.	
Jul 18 2008	Good location Good value for the price	We stayed at this hotel for New Year's Eve and New Year's Day 2004. We booked it online based on some other reviews, and really had no idea what to expect especially since we got such a great price for New Year's Eve.The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were pretty cool--sort of an updated retro/modern. The hotel seemed pretty clean and recently renovated/remodeled as well. No view, but we didn't expect one with the awesome price we got. The bathroom was huge and the location was great.We had a drink in the pub/restaurant area --nothing special, but no complaints.We'd stay here again if we couldn't get into the Waldorf or somewhere on that level.	
Jul 17 2008 	Most comfortable beds ever	I am just back from a 6 night stay and the Fitzpatrick Grand Hotel, this hotel was great, it was across the road from Grand Central station so you could get to almost anywhere by just crossing the street, the beds were the most comfortable ever, just what you need after a hard days sightseeing in NYC, the hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful, they sent us to a great diner for breakfast and a lovely Italian restaurant. The airconditioning was great as NYC was very warm when we were there. I have nothing at all bad to say about this hotel, i loved it and will definately stay here when i return to New York.	
Jul 14 2008 	Disappointed	My husband and I plus two of our friends (another couple) stayed here over New Year's (0708). I was very disappointed with it. I heard Gerry Ryan on 2FM say good things about it so that's why we booked it. The foyer was tiny - not what I would expect of a hotel of its standing. There was no actual restaurant. Guests eat in what appears to be the bar area and it was always looking dark and something out of 1950s Ireland. Rooms were acceptable. Chef hadn't a clue how to make porridge eventhough it was on the menu. Great location though. Next time I'll be going to the Waldorf.	
Jul 13 2008 	Great Location 	This was a lovely &quot;irish feel&quot; hotel, excellent staff, priced well for NY, great location to main business areas and local shopping	
Jul 12 2008 	Lovely Hotel - 3 nights - 7/8-7/11	Husband's conference at Grand Hyatt - we didn't want to stay there - too chaotic. Great fun at Fitzpatrick Hotel since that's my name! Remember to compare this hotel to others in NYC - different &quot;rules&quot; in NY than other cities! Small, with decor showing signs of wear, but cute, quaint, bright and cheery. One elevator not working, but other was fast so no waiting. Staff on all shifts were fantastic. Queen bed exceptionally comfortable. Pants press in room - ours not working, but we didn't need it so didn't ask for repair. A/C very powerful. Flat screen TV. Nice toiletries. Coffee maker and fridge in room greatly appreciated. Comfy robe provided for use during stay. Towels at first only enough for one person, but additional were happily left when requested. Bathroom large and clean - mostly marble tiled - no ventilation fan. Requested/received quiet room location - didn't mind no view - rm 604. Photos from other travellers are accurate. Bar and patio are lovely. For breakfast (only) go to Bully's across the street. Also, expresso bar next door, and McD's around corner. Duane Reade on next block very convenient for snacks and toiletries. Grand Central Station one block over - Broadway Oyster Bar for dinner if you want a change from the Wheeltapper, which has great pub food. Easy subway &amp; taxi location. Can't wait to come back next year. Hopefully, WIFI will be included by then, rather than additional charge of $13/day. Thanks for a fun stay back in my old hometown!	
Jul 12 2008 	the very best of the big apple!	as a first time visiter to new york i love this hotel. friendly, helpful stafff who went out of their way to help you. beautiful lobby area &amp; rooms were immaculate with a very comfortable bed. the only compaints i would have would be rooms would be a little on the small side &amp; i was very disappointed on arrival that our room did not have a few &amp; for the price paid i was expecting a remotely nice view of the city. like has been said, an excellent location. away from the hustle &amp; bustle of the times square/broadway area but close enough to everything. overall, a very enjoyable &amp; pleasant stay was had in the fitzpatrick &amp; i am in fact returning next week for another stay.	
Jul 4 2008	Fab Hotel	Fab hotel, well located. The bed was the most comfortable i have ever slept in. Excellent &quot;Wheeltapper&quot; bar on site, excellent no nonsense food, good value. The only slightly negative comment i would make, and i hate to do it because it really is a lovely friendly centrally located hotel, is i felt it was a little on the expensive side.	
Jun 30 2008 	Always great stay at the Fitzpatrick	My daughter and I just returned from another great stay at The Fitzpatrick Hotel Grand Central. We stayed at this hotel once before and had no qualms about returning for the second time. The location is an easy walk to just about anything you need. If you need to get to a location not so close, Grand Central Station is across the street. The room is bigger that you expect in NYC, and the beds are the most comfortable ever. The staff is incredibly helpful and nice. I was surprised when the Hotel Manager called me by name and asked how I was enjoying my stay. That never happened before. Our American Girl Package included breakfast at their restaurant and that was very helpful. Room service was great, also. We unfortunately had to cut our trip short one day and the staff was as disappointed for us and we were. All in all it was great from beginning to end.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great Location.	This hotel is in a perfect location. Within walking distance of all the sights and its mid-town too so you cant go too wrong. Its just between 3rd Ave and Lexington Ave on 42nd Street. When we arrived, it was 100degrees F. New York was in the middle of a heat wave. Needless to say we were delighted to arrive in the bedroom with the air conditioning on full blast. However, I was unhappy that there was no complimentary bottled water supplied in the room - and even the fridge in the room was empty. So we had to buy bottled water to have in our bedroom throughout our stay. Its not a big deal, but its just something that you come to expect from Hotels in this day and age. Aside from that - the concierge were extremely helpful and would always greet you as you were coming and going. They were available to ask about tours etc. The staff in the bar, on the other hand, were not so friendly. They frequently stood chatting to each other at the corner of the bar while we would wait at the bar to be served. Also they were blatantly speaking about other customers and how much they were drinking, which isnt very professional. The waiting staff in the restaurant (for breakfast) were friendly.. But we did think that the breakfast was way too expensive. ...and they added 18% to the bill for gratuity - - for breakfast?? Our check-in/out experience was fine. There are two lifts available in the hotel, but only one was working when we were there so we often had to wait quite a while for it. One evening, we were waiting for so long that we just decided to take the stairs to the 5th floor.Also, the bedrooms were not cleaned until the late evening. Most evenings, we arrived back to our room at about 5/6pm to get changed for dinner, and our bed wasnt made. Then we would get a knock at the door from the cleaner to know if she could come in..... Anyway, the room was fine, clean and nice toileteries in the bathroom. I would recommend this hotel purely for the comfort of the room, the friendly concierge and the good location. Nothing more.	
Jun 22 2008	Perfect start.	Stayed in the Fitzpatricks Grand Central for the first two nights of our honeymoon. Staff at reception were very friendly, and the concierge even friendlier. As also first time visitors to New York, staff took time to go over various options open to us to see the city, places to eat, etc. Room was very comfortable and immaculate. Overall great feel to the hotel and would return there again. Only down side, which was very slight, was that the bar food was only very average for the price paid. But there are great eating out options in the area anyway.	
Jun 22 2008 	Grand at the Grand Central	Great Hotel, friendly staff and very convenient for mid-town. It's within a walk of the theatre district and all the attractions including 5th avenue and Central Park. It's also on one of the main subway lines so getting downtown is no bother. If there was one complaint it was that the room was a little on the small side but I guess that's par for the course... stayed in the other Fitzpatrick Hotel a while ago and found it to be equally good.	
Jun 17 2008 	Great location	Stayed here for a week in September while visiting New York. The hotel is very well located in the center of Manhattan. The hotel is priced at the upper end of the market and I thought that I would get more bang for my buck. There was no computer available for guest use despite there being one in the reception area. I used this once and was told that it was for the use of the concierge only. He could get any information I wanted but I didn't fancy him looking at my personal emails. The room was not huge but I am told this is the norm in New York. On the first day we went for a drink in the hotel bar. The bar tender only spoke to us to get our drinks order and then returned to her friends at the other end of the bar. What a welcome! Overall I was disappointed with the Fitzpatrick Grand Central as I had heard great things about it and the friendly staff, maybe I was just unlucky but I will be trying out other hotels in New York on my next visit.	
Jun 1 2008 	Very clean and value for money in great location!!	Compared to the other hotes in NYC of similar standard the Fitzpatrick seemed to be a little cheaper. I can't understand why as the rooms are clean, yes small but so are the majority of hotel rooms in NYC. The reception and bell boys were always happy to help.Only negatives were that one of the lifts was broken but there was another and our room over looked directly into someone at work on a pc in the office block about a metre from our window.Great location we didn't need to get a taxi in the 5 days we were there as we used the subway.Fab little Vietnamese restaurant up 44th in the direction away from the station.If I were to return to NYC I would stay here again.	
May 26 2008 	Great Room	For a New York city hotel, without an exorbitant pricetag, I would highly recommend the Fitzpatrick. The location was great. The room was larger than I was lead to believe, and was very clean. The bed was very comfortable. The Pub was very nice. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I definitely would stay here again. A Great option for mid-town.	
May 13 2008 	Really enjoyable	Have just returned from a 4 night stay at Fitzpatrick Grand central. Overall extremely pleased with it. Got a very good deal on the internet with e bookers. The staff we dealt with were extremely friendly and helpful, especially the concierge we were dealing with. The room was on the 9th floor so it was really quiet, we had no noise at all for the entire time we were there. The room was admittedly very small but always very clean and plentiful supply of toiletries and towels etc. Only had breakfast once on our first morning, which was very nice, but you can eat alot more cheaply elsewhere. The bar had a really nice atmosphere and seemed very popular with after work crowds.All in all I would definitely recommend a stay here, its clean, friendly and very convenient, its not spectacular but really good and we had a very enjoyable stay.	
May 12 2008 	Great location	We satayed here between Christmas and New Year. New York's busiest time, so the hotel was full. The location is the main selling point for this hotel. It is just across the road from Grand Central Station and hence the subway system. The lobby is small, space costs in New York, but the reception staff were good. We arrived early so the room was not ready and went for drink in the bar. As with any big city hotel the room was cramped. We were given a 'larger room', so I hate to think what a 'small room' would be like. There was no view, just an internal light well. But the bed was confortable and you spend almost all your time out anyway. The hotel restaurant was average, but there was a good coffee shop next door. We would stay there again.	
May 2 2008 	A well-kept secret	I absolutely love this hotel and have stayed there three times thus far. It's great value for money. The room was comfortable, clean and spacious enough for me. The bathroom was clean and spacious. I liked their choice of toiletries. The bed comforatable. It's not a well-known hotel amongst NYers (being one myself). It was an Irish friend that told me about it. The commuters do know the pub, however. I do agree with one reviewer that the hotel's public toilet is a hike from the pub, lobby etc. I like the fact that there's a fridge in the room that one can fill themselves from delis around the corner vs overpriced goodies and no room for anything else in the mini bar that one finds in other hotels.	
May 1 2008 	Very Disappointed	We have just returned from a shopping trip in New York, great city, great shopping, great bars and restaurants the only disappointment was Fitzpatricks.Hotel location great and rooms clean, however hotel rooms tiny and very noisey, room maid service every second day, only enough towels for one and one bathrobe,even though we booked a double room, no bottled water in our room during our 5day stay. On our day of arrival the staff were very helpful and friendly however the following day their was a change of reception staff and all i can say is that they were no addition to the hotel in fact quite the opposite. The reception staff were very unfriendly, unhelpful and rude, no concerige available for 3days and the reception staff were unable and unwilling to provide information or advice eg. unable to book restaurants, shows and best of all unable to book a cab or any other mode of transport on our return to the airport.On the plus side the bar food and bar staff were great.All i can say is i wouldn't stay in Fitzpatricks again and would not reccommend it to a friend.	
Apr 26 2008	not very irish service a let down	stayed here recently call sitself an irish hotel.. didnt make proper tea didnt meet any irish staff...? no irish atmosphere half the bar was closed for the majority of our stay.. didnt recieve any complimentary drink as i believe is standard after every 2 or 3 drinks despite being hit for 18 percent 'gratuity' with every order of food or drink...food very overpriced. rooms were nice but felt like the place was a rip-off.. concierge wouldn order taxi for us was trying to pressure us to hire some private car for minimum of 200+ dollars (obviously on commision) when room service breakfast card wasnt collected and brought it to receptions attention they didnt seem too bothered and said they would look into it and i heard no more about it.. is handy place to stay as is well located but found service and staff to be wanting..	
Apr 25 2008 	Loved the Fitzpatrick Grand Central	Stayed at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central for a weekend in April and enjoyed it completely. Great location and absolutely fantastic beds. Staff upgraded our room, gave us a late checkout and reversed erroneous telephone charges on our bill without question. Hotel is quiet, except of course for the typical NY street noise. I would definitely recommend and will stay there again in future.	
Apr 25 2008 	Wonderful	My Husband and I have just returned after spending 5 days in New York, at the Fitzpatrick.What a Wonderful time!!!. The Staff were very friendly and helpful, in fact they could not have done any more for us.The Consierges (2 that we met) ,Michael and Fernando did a marvellous job and were extremly helpful to all of us nubies!A particular Thank You must go to the Customer Relations Manager , who helped us to have a Truly Memorable Anniversary.The room was very Attractive,Spacious,Clean and Quiet. In fact everything we wanted. We were even given Chocalates and Champagne in our room as we were celebrating our 25th Wedding Anniversary.A very BIG THANK YOU TO EVERYONE, Including Trip Advisor for being Spot On!	
Apr 22 2008	Warm and friendly coming back!	Waterford, IrelandMy wife and I stayed in Fitzpatricks Grand Central on the advice of a good friend who had stayed there on 2 other occasions. My wife brought me to NY for my 50th birthday. From the moment we arrived it was a wonderful experience, friendly helpful staff, great room, nice atmosphere and great Guinness! I am told that most nice hotels in Manhattan only have a cocktail bar, this hotel has a buzzing pub downstairs. I smoke and there was a very good covered smoking area, We will be back there next time we visit Manhattan, what a great birthday!	
Apr 21 2008 	Great little hotel	Lovely ideally located hotel. Just across from Grand Central station. Very clean and comfortable bedroom. Tea coffee available in room. Pity no free internet access. TV has a keyboard for web browsing, but don't annoy yourself by trying to use it. resolution too small and not all sites load up properly. Good food in restaurant/bar.Will return.	
Apr 12 2008 	Loved the Fitzpatrick	My partner and I chose the Fitzpatrick Hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and we weren't disappointed. Basically, you couldn't go far wrong with this hotel, the location is opposite Grand Central Station, which is really convenient, comfort is second to none, we are English so we are used to small rooms but our room (406) wasn't what I would call small at all - we had ample room for all our shopping and clothes etc., they supply slippers and bathrobes free of charge and every day the maid would leave new bottles of spring water and chocolates. The reception and concierge staff are really helpful and would greet us every morning with a cheery hello. The pub (Wheeltapper) is great for a pint or two after you've been out exploring all day - the food is a little expensive for the type of food they serve but to be honest it’s a hotel - what do you expect. A couple of recommendations to give though - for breakfasts you have to try Rosens Deli on 51st Street near the MOMA and for dinner The Gramercy Tavern (the Tavern part) is just outstanding for both quality of food and service but if you are staying around Times Square then it has to be Trattoria Trecolori (Italian) again the food is outstanding and so reasonable.I will definitely be recommending this hotel to my friends and family	
Apr 3 2008 	Great Place Great Price	Had a Great time in New York. Room was larger than expected. Very, Very, Clean, well furnished. Had the biggest shower we have ever seen in a hotel. Great location, easy walk to all the fun stuff. Overall a very positive experience and would highly recommend this hotel for its relaxed, helpful and friendly atmosphere.Freddie &amp; WandaShort Pump, VA	
Mar 29 2008 	Yes and No	First the good::The hotel is in a great locationThe rooms/bathrooms are VERY cleanThe beds are extremely comfortableThe ambiance is charmingThe not so good:The desk staff. I guess they don't read these reviews and strive to improve. I had a printed confirmation showing a king bed and got a lecture on how expedia confirms king beds and they shouldn't. I don't see that as my problem; if they are going to allow these agencies to sell their rooms, they need to back it up and not vent to their paying customer. It was poor conduct. At 3 in the morning we awoke to a high pitched, loud beeping. It appears they don't have a regular battery-changing program for their smoke alarms an the battery died. I guess their customers are their notification process that the batteries need to be changed.Walls are thin. Could hear the people in the next room moving hangers in their closet.All-in-all, the facility is great; the people are not. And I don't excuse it as a New York rudeness as we have been treated great all over NY for years.	
Mar 28 2008 	Best bed EVER!!	This place is very central, just across from Grand Central Station. The hotel itself is nice and clean with the staff friendly. We booked a king size bedroom and the room was larger than expected. The bed as the title suggests was excellent. It was the best bed that I have ever stayed in, in a hotel.There was a problem with the heating when we arrived but a quick word with the front desk and this was sorted. There is also a bar as part of the hotel. Do try the chicken wings which are excellent.In terms of shopping,its about 15 minute walk to bloomingdales. There are a number of shops in Grand central station such as Banana Republic, Kenneth Cole, Art of Shaving et al....All in all, I would stay here again and recommend to family and friends.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great Hotel	Have stayed in this hotel twice now and can not fault it. We go to new york every year for two weeks for the saint patricks day celebrations. The rooms were small but very comfortable flat screen tv's, lots of free designer bathroom products. You will get a great nights sleep in the beds to they are really comfortable. The hotel is in a gat location Directly across from g.c.s. However with all the good there is room for improvement. Some of the staff are not very friendly at all and the food in the restaurant is very exspensive but other than that its great would definatly recommend it. Also if you have a nokia phone you can leave it a reception and they will charge it for you.	
Mar 11 2008 	Great Hotel would surely return	Myself and my partner recently stayed for four nights in the Fitzpatrick Hotel Grand Central. It was the kind of stay that went pretty much flawlessly. On arrival we were checked in very quickly by a friendly and helpful receptionist. I requested a quiet room with a reasonable view and i got what i asked for (Rm 408). The room was immaculate (and i am quite fussy). The room was very spacious with its own separate closet with plenty of space for clothes, shoes and bags of shopping! The bathroom was well laid out and the shower had good power and was very simple to use. Each day our room was cleaned extremely well with new towels and toiletries provided. Breakfast was not included but we ate in the Wheeltapper pub attached to the hotel on one occasion. The service and food was very good, however, a little pricey for what you got. We decided to dine elsewhere for breakfast after that.There is a concierge service available 24 hrs. Both Greg and Mike are absolutely fantastic with providing any travel, tour, theatre, shopping and dining information. It can be hard finding your feet in such a large city but both guys made it so much easier for us. We had a few drinks after our Broadway show in the Wheeltapper pub and found the prices pretty reasonable. I would suggest going to the bar yourself instead of waiting for a bar attendant to come around as this adds a bit extra on to your pint as we found out! It's a very small pub so easily avoided.Check out was simple again and our bags were put in storage (no charge) so we could kill a few hours until our flight. A taxi was made for us in advance and we collected our bags on return and made it to JFK with plenty of time.The only thing that was inconvenient was the lack of toilets in the hotel. There were none off reception and you had to take the 'right' lift as you come in to reception down to the lower ground level to walk to a pretty dark and lifeless toilet. That was my only complaint which is pretty good considering everything else was great and we got a pretty good deal on the hotel website.Overall a very positive experience and would highly recommend this hotel for its relaxed, helpful and friendly atmosphere.	
Feb 22 2008 	I keep coming back.	I have stayed here 3 times for business and there's a reason I keep coming back. The rooms are very clean, the bathrooms are renovated and nice, the overall feel of the hotel is cozy and warm. Has the amenities I need like an iron, hairdryer, a desk, and wifi internet access. Some rooms are huge while others are average size. They have a great pub downstairs that attracts a fun crowd and has a lovely outdoor patio. The restaurant is pretty good- I am a fan of their breakfast and their room service. And, icing on the cake- the best cafe in Manhattan is right outside their front door! The only word of caution is that if your room is directly over the pub patio, you may find it a little loud. However, most rooms in Manhattan are loud- you either have street noise or alley noise!	
Feb 12 2008 	Lovely Hotel but Room not as Advertised	My husband &amp; I stayed at this hotel in January 2008. While the hotel itself was lovely, staff very friendly etc., our only complaint was the size of the room. We viewed the rooms on the website and booked a deluxe king room from the picture we saw on the website. While the bed itself was king size the room certainly wasn't. We expected the room to be as advertised. When I mentioned this to the receptionist she said the room was a deluxe king but not as advertised on the hotel website. She also said many guests complaint about this fact. The room overall was nice with iron, ironing board, safe, robe etc., but basically we didn't get what we paid for.	
Jan 29 2008 	Another enjoyable stay at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central	Having just spent another enjoyable 5 days in NYC at the Fitzpatrick grand central hotel, I would like to say congratulations on their continued high levels of service. Once again when we checked we were advised the room would be a king size, NOT a twin room as requested on booking. The trainee receptionist amended the booking too twin room and advised the front of house manager would contact us about paying the extra $40 per room per night. I explained we annually stay at this hotel and this charge was waived. Again the beds were as comfortable as ever and the rooms spacious and clean. The hotel is perfectly situated to access all major attractions, also it is very moderately priced. Staff are always helpful and on hand to answer to your every need.Only home and already longing to return!!!	
Jan 25 2008 	location location location !!	we stayed here for 5 nights and really enjoyed this hotel.the hotels location is excellent and everything is close by and within walking distance.we stayed in a deluxe king which was small but then it is manhattan but the bed was to die for.......really comfortable.the room overall was very clean.the bar was lively and served a good pint and we ate breakfast once here and it was really nice.one point is that the bar is expensive compared to irish pubs a few blocks away..........but who cares!!the only real problem we encountered was checking in .th hotel did not have our booking even though we had booked through the hotel website and it took nearly an hour of waitting which after an 8 hour flight you could do without.overall i found the hotel to be excellent and would stay here again at a drop of a hat.	
Jan 21 2008 	Very nice hotel!!	We stayed at Fitzpatrick for one week during Christmas and were very pleased with our choice.The room was very clean, with a very big wonderful bed (king size)!! As other posters mentioned the bed was really comfortable with very nice linen!It was in a very good location, near Grand Central, but generally we walked a lot, and we took the subway only for Soho, Village and Dowtown. The price was very very good at 199$ and we had no complaints at all! Also every afternoon they bring you complimentary water and small chocolates which was a nice touch.The only negative was that our room had no view AT ALL. Just one wall, and every morning we could not understand the weather.. That was the only negative, but probably the put us in a room with no view because i've asked before for A VERY QUIET ROOM... and indeed it was!!Overall we enjoyed our stay very much and i would definitely recomend the hotel to my friends!	
Jan 6 2008 	We fell in love with the Fitzpatrick-Grand Central Hotel!	VERY clean! Bed and bed linens are extremely comfortable....almost heavenly! GREAT location....Majority of the staff speak with an Irish or English accent! All of whom are above and beyond friendly and accomodating! We had dinner (and post theater drinks!) in the Wheeltapper Pub which is located on the ground level of the hotel. I have traveled to both Ireland and England and while dining at the Wheeltapper I forgot that I was in NYC. The ambiance and wait staff of the Pub made me feel as if I was back at an Irish Pub in Ireland or England! The ambiance of the hotel is warm, cozy.....a &quot;at home&quot; feeling. I look forward to staying at the Fitzpatrick again soon.....therefore, I would of course recommend this to a friend!	
Dec 27 2007 	2nd trip to Fitzpatrick just as nice as our first.	We stayed at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central from Thursday December 20ththrough Saturday December 22nd. We arrived at approximatly 3:00 and were promptly checked in and given room 708 which had a nice view of 44th street. The room was &quot;small&quot; compared to my apartment's rooms, but as expected of any NYC hotel room (who spends a ton of time in thier room anyway?). We've stayed here previously and knew the size of the rooms and see no problem with them. The beds are of course extremely comfortable and the bathroom is of sufficient size to allow to people to move about and prepare for a night out. The only difficulty we encountered was opening the window in the bathroom, but I was able to prop it open and didn't think anything of it after that.On the day we checked out we stored our bags and came back and got them just before we left for the train. Our bags were quickly gotten and we were on our way, nice when you're rushing to catch a train. Overall the Fitzpatrick is a clean, straight forward, upper mid-level hotel (I wouldn't call it luxury by any means). It is interesting to note (as have others) that sometimes you will be greeted with a smile by the front desk attendents, but other times almost a scowl or no emotion at all (though still treated politely).Note: a previous poster noted the Lobby bathroom was in the basement, that is not accurate, the Lobby Bathroom is through the doorway to the right of the elevators and then is on the back wall, right side. I found it to be quite clean (we used it everyday we were there).	
Dec 18 2007 	Nice Hotel	We booked this hotel having read the reviews on Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed. This hotel had friendly staff nice sized rooms and a really really helpful concierge. We booked everything through the concierge from taxis to Woodbury Common to Broadway. The only thing I would not suggest you do is ask for advice on good restaurants as they appear to have some kind of deal with some of the local places and the two that they booked for us were extremely overpriced and below average. Just a tip ! Otherwise the tickets they got us for the Colour Purple were practically on the stage and directions were always spot on. If you are Irish it will be like a home away from home ..... nearly all the other guests were Irish. The rooms were nice and the beds were amazing so comfortable I never wanted to get up. All in all this hotel is a littel bit of luxury you could probably find cheaper but I think it would be hard to find as good value in New York City. Great location directly across from Grand Central Station we took the tube everywhere. It was my first time in New York but when I do back I will stay there again.	
Dec 17 2007 	Great Hotel!	We stayed here the last week of November and it was great. This was the second time we had stayed here and we were very pleased. Since there is so much to do in NY, we don't spend much time in the room or using the hotel services, but I'll list as much as I can about the hotel.Check in was easy, we arrived early and they had a room for us. The rooms are not large, but we've had small rooms in NYC at other hotels, so that wasn't a surprise. The beds are very comfortable and the rooms are nicely decorated. Not extremely nice (Ritz), but not Motel 6 either, somewhere in between, like a Hilton or Hyatt. The bathrooms are slightly larger than you would expect for a small room with a standard shower/tub and hair dryer. We also had a nice flat screen tv, iron, umbrella, robes and the other usual hotel amenities. The biggest draw for this hotel is the ambiance. There is a nice lobby downstairs and a great Irish Pub attached to the hotel. You don't feel as if you're in such a large city being in such a small hotel. It's not like one of the mega hotels with 10k rooms. I also have to mention the location. Excellent location to get anywhere in the city. Grand Central is right next door and you can get a taxi on Lexington anytime. You're also walking distance to Rockefeller.Overall we have enjoyed this hotel both times we stayed here and will stay here again.	
Nov 21 2007 	Average	Myself and my husband stayed in this hotel as part of our honeymoon...I had heard so much about it that i thought it was going to be out of this worldI was very dissapointed - when we arrived our room wasnt ready so we were given a drink voucher to get a drink while we waited - was advised that someone would come get us when our room was ready - nobody did...when we finally got to the room it was tiny...for what we paid i thought it was going to be hugh - as we had stayed in Orlando Florida the previous week and our hotel was so beautiful the room was massive and cheaper than this hotelLoads of bags of rubbish and linen in the hall way - lift kept breaking downOn the up side - the breakfast was good while quite pricey and the bar was niceIt was very average for the price we were paying for it, I probably would stay here again as the location was very good	
Nov 6 2007	A very enjoyable stay at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central	I stayed at the Fitzpatrick on 11/2 (Friday night). The room was very spacious for a NYC hotel, the bathroom was stocked with goodies and like most other reviewers have noted, the bed was incredible. While there was a lot of noise during the day (which one should expect being in New York), at night, I didn't hear a sound. The location is wonderful and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The adjoining pub is a little overpriced, but it was a nice starting and ending point for a night out. My only complaint was the lobby bathroom was incredibly dirty and somewhat inconvenient to access as it was in the hotel's basement. If you are looking for total luxury, the Fitzpatrick might not be the best place for you, but the hotel does have a lot of charm, is a great place to stay and I would definitely reccomend it.	
Oct 18 2007 	Highly Recommended	We spent 4 nights in Fitzpatricks Grand Central and were very impressed. We arrived early for check in but there was a room available. However, the receptionist offered us the choice of a bigger room which wouldn't be ready for another hour and gave us vouchers for complimentary drinks in the bar while we waited.The room was gorgeous, spotless and spacious enough for two of us and three suitcases. The bed, which had a canopy overhead, was extremely comfortable. We had a corner room with two windows which meant we had a view of both 44th and Lexington although there isn't much to see on either. Noise was never a problem from the street.The bathroom was supplied with plenty of toiletries and towels and was very clean and new looking. As someone who is obsessive about cleanliness, I really couldn't fault this hotel. The TV had about 50 channels, with pay per view movies and internet also available. Coffee making facilities, iron and ironing board and even an umbrella were all supplied. The only problem was the air-con which we couldn't figure out how to adjust so the room got quite cold at times, however, I never got round to asking about the controls and it really didn't bother us that much.All the hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful and the location is just perfect for visiting the city, just minutes from Grand Central Station. I would definitely return here and have recommended it highly to everyone I know.	
Oct 13 2007 	Highly Recommended	Husband and I stayed at this hotel from 1st-5th October. From the moment we arrived we found the whole experience excellent. The reception staff and the concierge were friendly and extremely helpful. Our room, whilst at the back of the hotel and therefore with no view, was very comfortable, quiet, spotless and oh, the bed, I can honestly say I've never slept in a more comfortable bed in my life!!! The Wheeltapper is an authentic Irish pub, serves great breakfasts, and excellent food during the day. We didn't eat there in the evening but judging from the crowds every evening, it must be good. My husband says they serve a great pint! Very centrally located, just minutes from Grand Central Station and three blocks from 5th Avenue. On our last day, after checking out, the hotel stored our cases as we weren't leaving till 5pm, and also were very accommodating when an hour before departure we decided we required a limo to take us to the airport. The car arrived promptly at 4.55pm. Our only 'gripe' was that we had bought a prepaid phone card which connected to a toll free number and the hotel charged $1 for every phone call, even if you didnt get through to your destination number. Having said that, I couldn't recommend this hotel more highly, so much so that I've already booked my return trip for next year. Well done to all at Fitzpatrick Grand Central.	
Oct 11 2007 	Disappointed	Upon checking in-we were told by the assistant manager that our prepaid room was not available, because New York State Law requires the hotel to accommodate guests who wish to stay on at the expense of newly arrived guests- a law I personally doubt exists. We were then given the penthouse suite room 1001. While it may a nice room-it is located right next to the elevator engine which could be heard all night long. Guests in the other penthouse said they also did not sleep because of the noise from the elevator engine. Staff at the hotel ranged from pleasant to hostile during our stay- but seemed surprised, confused, and uncaring-that a hotel guest should expect a sound and quiet night's sleep. We were then moved from room to room to room-and each time we talked to someone we were given a completely different story about which room we were to occupy and what the cost would be. At one point my traveling partner and I got into a fight because we each had been given different (but conflicting)information about our situation. Rooms ending in X05 and X15 (such as 415 or 605) do not have the elevator noise problem and rooms ending in X04, X03, and X14 are probably far enough from the elevator to offer a good night's sleep. But guests in rooms ending in X11 or any other digit, as well as each of the two penthouses, are probably going to be disappointed with the amount of elevator noise and the resulting lack of sleep. While the location is nice- the stress, uncertainty and hostility are not worth it.	
Oct 10 2007 	Nice Hotel Great Location	We stayed here the 2nd night of a 2 night trip to NYC for my birthday. I enjoyed staying in this hotel MUCH more than the Hilton New York we had just come from. The doorman was very helpful, the front desk was quick efficient, gave us 2 free drink coupons for the bar, and had our bags taken care of until we returned when our room would be ready (we were extremely early). Upon returning from our trip, we went up to our room had our bags brought up (there was a minor mix-up where they had to make a second trip because they didn't grab them all) and settled in. Our room faced the front of the hotel and was surprisingly quiet. The bathroom is very nicely appointed and has any ammenity you would need. The beds are SOO very comfortable. In the AM when we checked out, they kept our bags for the day while we roamed about the city and we came back and grabbed them and walked right over to Grand Central half a block over.Overall, great location right near Grand Central in Midtown, nice safe neighborhood, nicely priced, nicely appointed hotel, with helpful polite staff.	
Oct 9 2007 	I will Never stay there again	I really didnt like it. The continental breakfast that was included in my room rate was terrible and could not be substituted for another breakfast by paying the price difference. WiFi access had to be paid for extra and was expensive. Considering the prices that the rooms are charged at - I found this to be a rip off.	
Oct 2 2007 	Wonderful place to stay	We stayed for five nights on our honeymoon in Fitzpatrick grand central. We could not fault the hotel, the staff, location, food and barstaff were excellent. Its just off lexington avenue and close to walk to most of the attractions and shops. The rooms are small, but the bed is to so comfortable.Really enjoyed the stay and will be back.	
Oct 1 2007 	Fitzpatrick GC is great!	I'd never visited NYC before, so I did a lot of research on hotels before going. The Fitzpatrick Grand Central offered a combination of great customer reviews and reasonable price, so I took a chance. I couldn't be more pleased with my choice. The desk staff upon check-in were very pleasant. When we got to our room, we'd been put into a single queen room rather than the double-double we reserved. When I called the desk about it, they immediately switched us to the correct room, apologized for the inconvenience, and even brought the key for the new room to us. The double-double was a nice size and very clean. The beds were comfortable and the atmosphere of the room was very relaxing. I had qualms about the room location since it was right behind the elevator, but I never heard it. The hotel is right across from Grand Central Station, which is enormously convenient if you plan to use the subway. During the day, there was some street noise, but I'm sure you have that at many hotels. And at night, the neighborhood really slows down, and we didn't hear anything - very quiet. We visited the bar once, and the atmosphere was great. My criticisms of this hotel are very few. During our trip, the United Nations was in session, so because the hotel is very close to the U.N, the taxi driver taking us to the hotel could not pull up at the entrance due to streets blocked by U.N. security (no fault of the hotel). We were dropped off a block away and had to walk. We got lucky - the weather was beautiful, so no big deal. At the bar, the female bartender was not the friendliest person in the world, but I've seen worse. Same goes for the girl working the desk the day we checked out - she was a little snooty, but again - not the worst I've ever seen.If you're looking for a big hotel with a lot of hustle and bustle, this is not the place. It's small and quaint but located in a place where you have easy access to all the great parts of the city.	
Aug 26 2007 	great location!	lovely hotel - fantastic location. very helpful staff at front desk. staff had to carry out repair work on our floor during our stay and without us asking, the management put a note under our door offering to move us to a quieter room. lovely food in the bar, very comfortable beds. complimentary guest robes and umbrellas available during your stay. will definitely be returning!	
Aug 21 2007	Nice Hotel Great Location	Myself and my fiancé stayed in this hotel for three nights in August 2007. We booked the hotel through a travel agent and got better rates than the hotel was offering through its website. We found the staff at the hotel to be very friendly and helpful. When we arrived the porter helped us with our luggage to our room, gave us maps of New York and discount vouchers for some tourist attractions. The room itself was nice for a city centre hotel. The room and bathroom was clean and our towels were changed daily. The hotel is very well situated in the centre of Manhattan and everything in Midtown Manhattan is within walking distance of about ten to twenty minutes such as the Empire State Building, Macys, 5th Avenue, Central Park, Times Square and Madison Square Gardens. The day we checked out, the porters stored our luggage for us as we had a late flight and booked us a cab to the airport when we were leaving. Overall we were very happy with our stay at the Fitzpatrick Hotel at Grand Central Station and would stay there again once the price remains reasonable.	
Aug 20 2007 	Great for Midtown	We stayed a week at the hotel at the beginning of July. It's in a great location being a stone's throw from both Grand Central and the Chrysler Building (does NYC have a better landmark?). The room we had was a Superior and it was certainly big enough for our needs with the linen and towels changed daily.The staff were friendly and the concierges were full of good tips about where to go and what to see. Especially when it came to Macey's July 4th fireworks.This was our second stay in Manhattan within the last 9 months and as a base the hotel is hard to beat with many of the tourist attractions within walking distance - and when your feet start to ache there's Grand Central with the rest of the city a Metro ride away!It was good value for money; if it's any recommendation we'd stay again even though there are 100's of other hotels to choose from!	
Aug 9 2007 	overrated	Really disapointed with this hotel, having read all the other reviews. OK it's location is good and it's pretty clean, but the staff there were obnoxious. They messed up the booking on our room, saying we cancelled it, we never got an apology or discount on the room and were given a totally unsuitable alternative. Air condition didn't work, had to call reception 3 times to repair. Irish bar attached was pretty crap, much nicer places within 10 minutes walking distance. Worst hotel experiance in New York todate, would not stay here again.	
Aug 4 2007	Great!	Beautifull Rooms &amp; a great Bar.Beside the Cristler Building &amp; Grand Central Station.Perfect for a weeked break	
Jul 27 2007	Ok hotel but best thing is location	I stayed in this hotel for 5 days with my boyfriend in March this year. Hotel was a bit pricey for what you get but thats New York. It was freezing at that time of the year and the heating broke down and took them quite a while to fix. The safe in our room also didn't work and they didn't do much to resolve it so we had to use a box in reception which was pretty inconvienient everytime you wanted to use it. The good points is the location, we never used the subway, walked alot which is the best way to see new york. The bed was really comfy, slept very well and the breakfasts were good. Didn't hear much noise at night.Overall we had a really great trip but don't expect luxury. If you are looking for a cosy hotel with a good locaiton and are not too bothered about size of room etc, stay here.	
Jul 27 2007 	Good Hotel !	Fitzpatricks Grand central is Honestly a Very good hotel ! I would recommend this to anyone that is going to New York . Staff: Very ,Very helpful and Lovely .Room: Excellent . Wheeltapper bar: Lovely Irish friendly bar . I give it an Excellent	
Jul 25 2007 	Great hotel!	Myself &amp; my boyfriend stayed for 10 nights at the Fitzpatrick GC on our 1st visit to NY after having reviewed it on this webiste &amp; getting a very good deal on lastminute.com. I have to say we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Great location- 30 second walk to Grand central made for excellent transport links &amp; many sights, shops etc were within walking distance. There were plenty of places to eat all meals nearby- this is something we were worried about as some reviews comment on the area being very business based. This actually made for a haven in the evening when exhausted from sightseeing or after having a few drinks at local bars/pubs although the area was not deserted at night and we always felt safe. The room we got was a non-smoking room on the 8th floor and was quiet and spacious, especially for a city hotel. It certainly felt more than just somewhere we were crash at the end of each day- it was homely and relaxing. The bed was amazingly comfortable, bathroom clean with a good shower &amp; even the hairdryer was better than the one I have at home. The airconditioning was a necessary blessing. On the whole the staff were very friendly and the concierge are very well informed about the city and things to do- a valuable resource!We visited the hotel bar on a couple of occassions which was nice &amp; the patio made a great area to enjoy the warm evenings. Drinks were more expensive than some nearby bars (about £4 for a large glass of merlot) but then you expect that from hotel bars as you pay for the convienience. We did not eat here so can not comment there. Overall we would book this hotel again especially if we could get such a good deal on the price &amp; we would recommend it to friends &amp; family. Comfort, cozy &amp; great location.	
Jul 22 2007	The Fitzpatrick Grand Central is Grand...	located on the east side at 44th and Lexington adjacent to Grand Central Station, for NY standards the double is a medium size room very well maintained, excellent bathroom and beds. At 155 rooms, very quaint. We had a snafu we our luggage on the flight; did not arrive at the hotel until 1:30 the next day; the staff took care of us and was excellent. If you plan on navigating NY via train, as we do, the location can not be beat. If price is a factor, it always is with me, and you're willing to wait to book a room a few days before your arrival then check with the Fitzpatrick at $150+ it can not be beat.	
Jul 9 2007 	not very happy	we were allowed check in early but when booking we asked for a room in a quiet area..were given a room facing the street..when I asked about quietness, we were told that because we were on 6th floor there would not be any noise..however it was extremely noisy..mentioned this on checking out but we were not given any satisfaction whatsoever.	
Jun 11 2007 	Another excellent stay	I stayed at this hotel three years ago on my first visit and when we visited again a few weeks ago, this time with my parents we stayed again. Why?Love the location. I know midtown isn't to everyone's taste, but we like it, love Grand Central and just looking up from underneath the Chrysler Building. As Grand Central is the local subway stop, it is very easy to get around from here to all places within Manhattan and the other boroughs. There are quite a few restaurants, diners, bars and grocery stores nearby so everything you need is on your doorstep or you are very centrally placed to get around.The hotel itself was very clean, staff were very personable, the beds were very comfy and the a/c worked very well considering how humid it was during our stay.I will be coming back to NY. Would I stay here again? Definitely.	
Jun 7 2007 	A Gem of a Hotel	Located just off Lexington Avenue close to the rear entrance of Grand Central Station. Its a small/medium sized hotel by NY standards so the personal touch is alive and kicking in abundance. From the Bell Captain and receptionists right through to the maintenance guy when they say &quot;Good Morning how are you&quot; they genuinely want to know.No great big grand lobby area but a cosy and welcoming front of house. Staff are an integral part of the sucess of this hotel and I hope management appreciate them as much as the customers do.Our twin double bedded room on the third floor was traditional and very comfortable with beds to die for and a fab bathroom that this mother and daughter appreciated along with the hairdryer,toiletries and fluffy bath robes that were waiting for us.Neither of us had time to look out the window during our five day stay, but not a sound could be heard at night and that was good enough for me. Being so close to grand central makes transportation on mainline and metro services so easy, but you can walk to a whole load of places from here and enjoy the whole NY vibe in the process. Buses also stop nearby as does the open top tour bus. Room service was a joy and was served within 20 mins, hot, well presented and not expensive. The surrounding streets have deli's, coffee shops and two all night convenience stores.New York is a special place, its like the grandest buffet in the world......there is something for everyone and you can take your pick. The Fitz at Grand Central was a great choice for us and it will be for you too.	
Jun 1 2007 	Great Hotel	Have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Fitzpatrick Grand central. The hotel is in the best location just by Grand central station and within walking distance to Times square and other attractions. Staff were very helpfull, rooms clean and air conditioned - which was a blessing as it was 90o when we visited. The Wheeltappers bar is a great place to have a drink after a hard days sightseeeing, had breakfast there on the first morning which was ok.I would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
May 25 2007 	Great location	Great location - lovely rooms - a bit small - but perfect for NY. Fab bar and beer garden. Amazing food in the bar.Only stayed one night - so don't ahve millions to write - but it was great, no complaints! O they did try and charge us for some film that we hadn't watched - but that got sorted fairly quick - so check your bill!!	
May 12 2007 	Central location friendly front desk	Nicely furnished rooms, friendly staff and all expected facilities. Good location, reasonable prices. Rooms a little small though....In room massage a welcome service.	
May 1 2007 	Outstanding service	My husband and I have just returned from New York having stayed at the Fitzpatrick Grand. We could not rate it highly enough. The staff were so friendly and helpful, room service was first class, room was clean and comfortable, probably one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. Bathroom was good with always plenty of clean towels. Hairdryer was a bonus. The hotel is perfect for getting around from with Grand Central Station just a few minutes walk away. I was expecting to be kept awake with the traffic noise but the hotel is situated perfectly to miss most of the noise. Breakfasts were a real experience with a good choice, well cooked and presented with again very attentive staff. We would not hesitate in recommending this hotel and certainly if we return to NY then we would definately rebook.	
Apr 30 2007	generally good	Generally, a good stay. Central location on side street just east of Grand Central.Pros: homey room; excellent housekeeping; nice linens/towelsCons: officious service; staffing of front desk is spotty; no ice machine (need to call room service); bed too soft	
Apr 23 2007	Pretty Good	We just got back from a weekend stay at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central. Very nice hotel with nice staff. Great location. Great food. When we arrived, however, we had one problem. We had left our luggage downstairs with the staff since we couldn't check in at our arrival. At 4:00, when we checked in, we asked if they could bring our bags up to the room (they weren't visible downstairs, or else we would have taken them). They told us they would. 30 minutes later, no bags. I sent my husband downstairs to fetch them, but he was told that they were on their way up. 20 minutes later, still no bags. When my husband tried to call down to the desk to find out where they were, the phone wouldn't connect him to the front desk. So, he had to go downstairs yet again to find out where our bags were. They arrived about ten minutes after that. A tad annoying, really, and it sounded like others were experiencing the same problem. I don't know if it was an unusual thing to happen or not, but it was inconvenient since I needed diapers for my little boy.The food in the pub was very good and the staff was very well trained and friendly. They kept bringing toy cars and trains to our little boy, which he loved. The breakfast was quite tasty and unique. Exactly what you would expect of an Irish-themed hotel. We very much enjoyed staying there and would probably stay again. We were in one of theJunior Suites (the Gabriel Byrne suite) and had no complaints with the room. Nice place.	
Apr 22 2007 	Everything I expected	Just back from a 5 night stay in NYC and found the hotel to be ideal. Very close to all the midtown attractions yet a very relaxed and quite location. The rooms were spotless. Best of all though was the helpfulness of the staff, especially the Asst. manager, Cora. Will def return to stay here again if and when we return to New York.	
Apr 14 2007 	Great hotel at an affordable price	I stayed at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central one night, with my daughter who'd never been to NYC before. We checked in very early and asked for, and got, the kind bed we'd requested in our reservation -- but we had to ask for it, as we'd been downgraded to a queen. This small issue was the only hiccup, however; the front-desk staff were genuinely courteous and helpful, the concierge set us up with nearby restaurant reservations to places we'd not have found on our own, the room was small but immaculate, the bed unbelievably comfortable. And the location.....a half block to the entrance to Grand Central, a few blocks to 5th Ave, 15 minutes walk (down 44th St) to Times Square and a 20 minute walk to Central Park. We had a room on the interior air shaft (#316) and there was virtually no street noise. Flat screen TV made the room seem bigger as its footprint consumed mere inches of floor space rather than the several feet typical of a tube TV's furniture stand. There are several good restaurants within a block of the hotel, on 44th, including an OK (but just OK) steak place and a very nice Vietnamese place (which I'd recommend over the former). And, of course, there's the Oyster Bar at the Grand Central, lots of small, tucked-away places on Lexington, 2nd-3rd Avenues, etc. There is a really nice Japanese restaurant on 45th directly north of the hotel (the entrance is filled with large bottles of sake, you can't miss it). I noticed BA flight crews stay at the Fitzpatrick. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Apr 13 2007 	beautiful room	John - Worthing UK25th Wedding Anniversary.We stayed for 5 fantastic nights. We absolutely loved the room, the staff were brilliant. The irish breakfast was to die for.We will be definitely going back to New York asap and will not want to stay anywhere else.	
Apr 13 2007 	A Little Gem	Stayed at the Fitzpatrick over Easter and had a thoroughly enjoyable stay. The Hotel is a little gem tucked away in a quiet side street. The location is fantastic. Very central and just one block from the Chrysler Building and Grand Central Station. The room was lovely. Very clean and they had thought of everything. Iron and Board, Umbrella, a proper Hairdryer and even a lovely Towelling Robe. The Bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The mattress was Huge.The Wheeltapper pub was just right for a drink or bite to eat at the end of the night and was buzzing when we went in. Not cheap but prices could have been worse.Staff were fantastic. Very Helpful and friendly. Nothing too much trouble. Would definitely recommend this hotel and will be back myself.Would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 29 2007 	Better than I expected	My wife &amp; I visited the Fitzpatrick at Grand Central in late Feb 2007. I had read the reviews in advance and expected it to be nice. I wasn't disappointed. From the moment we got there the staff were very friendly and nothing was too much trouble. We had booked a double room, but were upgraded to a suite. The concierge gave us loads of information and options for the best way to go sightseeing, discounts for shopping and great restaurants. The room was very large by New York standards with three (yes three) televisions. Full air con, and a massive bed (the wife was in a different zip code, sometimes a blessing if you ask me!). The bathroom was spotless, with twin basins (one is never enough, is it girls, meaning my wife took over both with her various beauty products!). Hollywood style lights around the mirror, very nice. The bar was always busy and the service was very good. We only had breakfast on one of the mornings (full Irish) and it was really nice, hot and served quickly. That set us up for the day. The rooms are old fashioned but in a comfortable way, soft carpets, long drapes, and nicely warm for when we got in from the cold. I wouln't normally stay in the same hotel twice because I like to see what else is out there, but I have to say I would stay in the Fitzpatrick again when I'm in New York. A definite five out of five from me. They mention their Irish hospitality on their website, and believe me it is.	
Mar 18 2007 	Fantastic Value 	We stayed here the first weekend of March. This hotel is fabulous. Very quiet &amp; clean, comfy bed, GREAT location close to Grand Central Station. I couldn't recommend it more if you are in town to shop &amp; don't mind jumping on the subway to get where you want to go.The only negative is that there are not a lot of neat restaurants close by. So we would eat in whatever neighborhood we happened to be in (before we went in for the night) or we were so tired at the end of the day that we just got a sandwich at the deli across the street or picked something up at the food court at Grand Central Station. We got a fantastic rate through the hotel website and with what the other hotels were quoting for that weekend, we got a STEAL of a deal on a great hotel.	
Mar 9 2007 	Great Hotel!!!!	This hotel was great. The location couldnt have been better!!! The staff were very friendly.The beds are amazing! Food was tasty! All in all a brill experience.	
Mar 3 2007	Mmm Comfy Bed!!	First time in the Big Apple,and already wish i was back.The hotel was superb the best bed ever,great for us english to have tea in the room a must on the cold days after a day sight seeing.The room was very clean and bed changed every day and towels.When we return it will be to the same hotel great location you are close to every.Superb!!!!!	
Feb 27 2007	Heat Issues	We stayed here for 2 nights in February, the room itself was fine, however our room had heating issues. First of all the windows were poorly sealed and there was a draft causing the heating unit not to operate, while the hotel did provide a portable heater this did not help in the marble, tiled bathroom which was freezing. We were forced to run the shower to heat the bathroom. I am still trying to figure out why there was no heat in the bathroom, not even a heat lamp. Honestly we were just disappointed , which was unfortunate because the location is great.	
Feb 2 2007 	Fitzpatricks a must for a return stay	Fantastic hotel and so close to everything, we walked everywhere. The Staff were excellent and the Conceirge Michael was brilliant and full of knowledge on things to do and how to get there. The bed was the most comfortable I have slept in a long time for a hotel. The one downfall I had was the Bathroom although very nice was colder then the -4 degrees outside but this would not deter me from staying there again. A few drinks in the Wheeltapper Pub which is part of the hotel is a must.	
Jan 21 2007	A gem in Manhattan!	Me and my mother stayed here in Jan for a week and loved every minute. The staff were delightful and very friendly. Check in was very smooth, we asked for a smoking room with two beds and it was no problem even tho we had booked a king room. The room was just lovely, the beds huge and the bathroom was great too. The room itself had a big LCD tv and nice bathrobes and was quite big for NYC. The hotel is in an unbeatable location, we walked everywhere. The bell boy greated us with a smile everytime we walked in or out and I would say this hotel has perfected the personal touch.I really couldn't recommend this hotel enough, it's a great choice!	
Jan 11 2007 	Excellent!	Stayed in Fitzpatrick Hotel in Aug 06 for 2 nites. Arrived at hotel and found the staff very friendly, especially after travelling from Ireland we were looking forward to a friendly atmosphere. Stayed on the 3rd floor and the room was lovely, no complaints. Lots of channels on the TV, bed was fab after a long flight it was needed! Lovely fry-up for the breakfast which is just what we needed to start the day. Grand central terminal is just accross the road, we walked to Times Square which took about 20mins, then Macys is just around the corner from that. Took a stroll down 5th Ave which is just around the corner from the hotel. Empire state building and St. Pats Catheral are in walking distance also. First time in NY and if i ever go back again i would def stay in this hotel. Fabulous!	
Jan 8 2007 	A Great Boutique Style Hotel	I had hesitations about staying at this hotel since we were used to small, quaint boutique style hotels. When we arrived in the lobby we knew this hotel would be wonderful. The service was great, the room was clean and the bed was so comfortable! It was on a quiet street but within walking distance to all the major attractions. We enjoyed our stay very much.	
Dec 27 2006 	Fantastic	I spent 2 nights here at Christmas + had a fabulous time - the staff are wonderful + cannot do enough. The food is plentiful + excellent quality. The rooms are clean + beautiful. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel at all.	
Dec 25 2006 	Great NYC hotel low rates to boot	I took a chance by waiting until a couple of days before going before booking a hotel, found this gem and booked two nights for under $150 a night including taxes. Hotel is on a fairly quiet side street off Lexington, yet buses are close by and Grand Central Terminal is just a block away for subways and Metro-North trains. Rooms are comparable or maybe a bit larger than the usual NYC room, make good use of the space and are very clean and visually appealing. I was told at check-in that my room was recently renovated, and it looked quite nice indeed. Bathrooms are clean, compact and functional; shower only, but that wasn't an issue at all for me. Beds are very comfortable and restful; the comforter was actually too warm for me, but there's a good blanket that's not as hefty already in the closet ready in case of that. The staff is very courteous, friendly and welcoming. This is a hotel that really gets it right and you can't go wrong staying here.	
Dec 21 2006 	Look no further for your NYC hotel!	I`m really fussy when it comes to hotels - I had nothing to complain about with this one! I got a great (for New York!) price on the room for 3 nights and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. I got a King double and the bed was soooo comfortable! The room itself was spotlessly clean, with a large LCD flat panel TV, steam iron, ironing board, mini safe and a small refrigerator. The staff were a credit to this hotel chain in that they couldn`t do enough to help! The same follows in the restaurant, the food was great and I would highly recommend the Irish breakfast. The bar was warm and friendly and Joe can pour a great pint of Guinness!!The location was ideal, 1 minute from Grand Central Station, reasonable walking distance to Times Square, Broadway and 5th Ave - this place is so easy to navigate on foot!The only thing I would avoid is using the Hotel`s car service - ($125 to Newark!) I used Carmel (recommended on the forum) and paid $50 :)	
Dec 19 2006 	The friendliest hotel in New York!!!!!	My wife and I, along with our two children aged 10 &amp; 8, have just returned from a four day shopping trip to New York. From the minute we walked into the lobby of the Fitzpatrick, we felt at home. Everyone had big smiles on their faces, and all they seemed they wanted to do was help you and make your stay the best. The front desk were more than happy to upgrade our room for us, due to lastminute.com only booking us a &quot;double room&quot;. One bed between four doesn't really work. The hotel gave us a room with two double beds in, and refused to charge us the extra. They really did seem to enjoy helping us out with our shortfall in beds!!!The restaurant / pub next door, is fine for breakfast and a pre-evening out drink, but is quite expensive.Overall, a great hotel experience, ideally located in the centre of everything, and would certainly recommend to anyone thinking of staying there.	
Dec 18 2006 	Excellent Place to Stay - Few Minor Quibbles	Let's start with the bad. Got an early check in and when we first got to the room it had just been cleaned and the smell was overwhelming of chlorine (in some ways this could be good). Also, the shower drained slowly and the heater in the room would sometimes get very loud because the cover to the controls would vibrate aginst the heater. These are the things that would keep it from being a five star review.Now the good: This is a beautiful little jewel of a boutique hotel across from Grand Central Station. I asked for early check-in and was orginially booked in smoking but got a non-smoking room and checked in at Noon with no problem.The room, while small to normal standards, is actually decent sized for New York. The bathroom is beautiful and clean (hence the chlorine). The bed is beautiful and comfortable. The TV is an LCD flatpanel which is great since the picutre is clear and it doesn't waste valuable space. There was a robe in the bathroom which delighted my wife. Did not use the safe but I did see it in the closet.I was able to get a free WiFi signal in my room but it was intermittant. However, I found the free WiFi signal was very strong in the bar courtyard. Otherwise there is a $12.95 WiFi charge for 24 hours. I loved the ambiance of the bar courtyard. We had a large group in the courtyard on a busy Friday evening having drinks before heading to Times Square for a show and we found the service to be very good with both the waitress and the manager constantly checking on us for service.On Saturday, the place was dead and we had dinner there (for three) where they did add the 18% gratuity for the bill. I have no problem with this and I suspect this is done because some European visitors may not be used to the normal tipping customs in the US. The food was Irish themed and fine if you're into that.I would definitely stay there again (of course, I'd like to get a good rate) and getting to Times Square for Broadway shows was very easy.	
Dec 14 2006	Loved this hotel.	We stayed here for my Husbands birthday and it was everything you could ask for and more. The room was lovely the bed has to bed the comfiest bed we have ever slept in and the staff couldn't do enough for you.We would highly reccommend this hotel and we will definately be staying there next time we visit.	
Dec 13 2006	Back in the Old Sod	It was like I had stepped into the finest hotels in Dublin. I was just in New York and upon walking into the lobby I was transported to Ireland in the wink of an eye. Everything was as if you were in Ireland from the cuisine in the restaurant to the short hallways on the sleeping floors. And the rooms were extremely comfortable, the bed was soft and cuddly and the whole atmosphere was enjoyable and relaxing. The staff was most cordial and professional and the hint of a Roscommon accent made the trip more appeasing to my senses.	
Dec 13 2006 	Pleasant surprise hotel at Grand Central	I needed a hotel near Grand Central to take a train for a meeting the next morning. After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, I booked the hotel on their website.Since I have traveled to NY a lot in the past, I have stayed at many hotels that I like such as the Sofitel, Blakely, etc but their prices were way too high. Booked on their website and got a rate for a Queen bed room for $219 + tax. The room was small, as most NY hotel rooms are, but beautifully decorated, very clean and with nice amenities such as terry robe, keyboard linked to TV., coffee maker. When I called for a wake up call the next morning, they called me by name, something I expect from more upscale hotels, not one at this price. Smallish lobby but, again, charming in the European manner.From my experience, there was nothing negative---staff was warm and welcoming, I would absolutely stay here again----and hope they don't raise their rates!	
Nov 15 2006 	Excellent Hotel	This was my first trip to NY. A friend and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. It was an excellent hotel and very central. The staff were very friendly and couldn't do enough for us. We stayed in a king bedroom and the bed was huge and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Which was ideal after a day shopping or sightseeing. I am extremely fussy when staying in hotels and would highly recommend this one without a doubt and will definately be returning.	
Oct 31 2006 	A Gem in Manhattan	Fitzpatrick Grand Central is a true gem in the centre of Midtown, located just a 1 minute walk from Grand Central Station and just about 15 minutes on the subway from anywhere in Manhattan. Located just off Lexington Ave and 10-15 minutes walking distance from Empire State Building, Times Square, Fifth Avenue shopping, Rockefeller Center, Lincoln Center, Broadway, Central Park, United Nations, Maceys, Bloomingdales etc etc., the peace and quietness of this hotel is unbelievable, you would think you were on the west coast of Ireland - miles from nowhere!!.From the moment we arrived early to check-in until we left 6 days later on the hotel arranged shuttle bus to JFK airport, all of the staff we encountered could not have been more helpful. We stayed in the luxury of the Jim Sheridan suite for 5 wonderful nights of comfort in one of the most comfortable hotel beds we have slept in. We cannot wait to return there again and have recommended the Fitzpatrick Grand Central to all our friends as 'a must stay in' while in New York.	
Oct 18 2006 	Clean inexpensive and friendly staff in NYC? Book this one!	We were more than happy after a 8 night stay at this wonderful hotel in central Manhattan. It has the location to hop on several subway lines and is in walking distance to Central Park, 5th Ave. Hudson River and much more. We even could see the across the block located Chrysler Bldg. from our bath room window. The staff s very helpful and friendly. The room was spacious and gave city views. Bed and furniture were as new. We loved the place and will definately come back. Compared to the Waldorf Astoria (where we stayed for 5 days the year before) it feels due to the friendly staff and the nicely decorated rooms as equal.	
Oct 4 2006 	Absolutely fantastic and a credit to the staff  just like being at home .	Absolutely fantastic hotel , everything you could want to compliment your trip to New York , the staff reflected that best traits of the Irish , extremely friendly and helpful , I could not recommend it more , and the food in the Pub next door was fantastic and here also the staff were really nice and made every meal a delight . The rooms were lovely and homely , clean and attractive and the bathroom was spotless . Cetainly I will never pass it by when in New York , it is simply fantastic , well done to everybody there .	
Sep 28 2006 	Expensive but nice	We went to NY for our first wedding anniversary and loved it. We found it very hard to choose a hotel as there are so many around the same price range with the same star rating. We settled on Fiztpatricks as we knew people who had stayed there in the past and enjoyed their stay.The room was small but we were expecting this as we had heard that about new york hotels, and it was a dark room - we were at the back of the hotel and there was no light coming into the room at all. We had a choice of changing but the other room was above a goods gate and the gate beeped at 7am in the morning! We opted to stay in the dark one!We spent a lot of time out of the hotel so once it was clean and comfortable we didnt mind. The beds are SO COMFORTABLE its amazing, i slept so well while i was there. The staff are friendly and the bar is nice to have a pre dinner drink before heading off somewhere for dinner.I would definately go back but next time would make a request for a room high up...	
Sep 6 2006 	This is our NY hotel	We thoroughly enjoyed staying here. I booked this hotel on travelocity and got a great rate of $175/night. The location was great (a block from Grand Central Station, 4 blocks from Times Square). My room wasn't ready at check-in time, but I was given several drink tickets for the hotel bar to pass the time. They also held my luggage for me. The bar/restaraunt was small and a little pricey, but the atmosphere was cozy and the staff was terrific. Our room was very clean and relatively spacious given what I've read about other rooms in Manhatten. The bed was also very comfortable. When my now fiancee announced we had gotten engaged while in New York, the staff had a bottle of wine and a card waiting in our room upon our return from seeing a show.Although there was a day when the housecleaning came late, the staff was very attentive and made every effort to correct things and make our stay a pleasant one. This hotel is great for couples and I'm definitely staying here when I return to New York. This hotel is a great little Manhatten jewel.	
Aug 30 2006	Recommended	We stayed from 8/26 to 8/30. This is a place for those who like small quiet hotels. No glitz or glamour, just a clean room with a nice bed and bathroom at a decent price for NYC. It's within spitting distance of Grand Central Station on a less busy side street. You can walk to the Broadway plays. The pub next door was good and I wish the weather had been nice enough to enjoy their outside patio. A minor flaw: the rooms are a bit smallish, so if you're a Big Person you might think twice. We plan to return.	
Aug 1 2006 	We loved it!	Just came back from NYC 7/29- 7/31. WE LOVED THE FITZPATRICK. It wasn't our first time in nyc, we've stayed in a lot of hotels, this one is not trendy,it's not right in the middle of everything, if that's what you want this one is not for you. But we've been there, done that.The Fitzpatrick is a VERY NICE HOTEL. It's very clean. The bed was so very comfortable (we had a king) &amp; I always need extra pillows ( they had 2 in the closet along with an extra blanket). The closet was big &amp; there were enough hangers so my boyfriend could hang up his clothes too. The bathroom was a nice size, clean &amp; with plenty of counter space. The room wasn't big, it was just right for NYC. Honestly,how much time do you spend in your room in NYC? We stayed on the 7th floor facing the street &amp; it was quiet, no sirens, horns, etc. We slept SO WELL &amp; woke up ready to go. No minibar , but an empty fridge that we filled with soda, water&amp; juice from the drugstore down the street. We didn't eat at the pub. We rarely eat at hotels. Grand Central Station is just around the corner. I picked up pastries &amp; fruit at the fresh market inside the station. There is a coffee maker in the room, but I went to the Starbucks across the street. I came back to our room with breakfast &amp; we had &quot;breakfast in bed&quot; &amp; planned our day. There is a Mcdonalds around the corner too.. I'd rather spend $$$$ on dinner than breakfast.. We ate at 2 restaurants nearby, CHIN-CHIN, FABULOUS CHINESE (EXPENSIVE BUT WORTH IT) &amp; AT THE OYSTER BAR AT GRAND CENTRAL STATION (GREAT SEAFOOD). We took a cab to ROSA MEXICANO on the upper eastside for the BEST mexican food. Grand Central Station has a good food court downstairs with lots of variety, they have a Juniors Cheesecake there too, it's reaaly the best. I got one to take home. THE STAFF WERE ALL VERY NICE, some are young, so they might not have all the answers, BUT THEY PROVIDE VERY GOOD SERVICE. We had a late flight home, so they held our bags &amp; they offered to arrange for a shuttle to pick us up. That was an excellent suggestion, it was better than a cab &amp; I think it was $42 for the 2 of us. WE WILL DEFINATELY STAY THERE AGAIN. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT. You can walk to most places, Rockefeller center, MOMA , Time square aren't too far ( bring comfy shoes)&amp; when we couldn't walk we took a cab.	
Jul 12 2006	Great Base to Explore the City	I stayed here for a week with my Girlfriend in May '05 and found the Fitzpatrick a very convenient place to explore NYC. The hotel is located just a few mins walk from Grand Central Station which is very handy for getting around. We arrived at the hotel fairly late in the evening and it seemed that the person manning the check-in desk was a little tired and un-enthusiastic (maybe he caught it from our taxi driver). We also got a free drink token for the hotel pub/bar upon check in. The room was nice and spacious with a big comfortable bed and well appointed bathroom (the photos on the hotel’s website/expedia bare a good likeness). There were two main downsides to the room, firstly the view from the window was of a nice brick wall, and with the height of the surrounding buildings in relation to our room it was often hard to tell if it was day or night when in the room. Also there seemed to be some intermittent noise that sounded like it was coming from the hotel's laundry room that would start during the night that was slightly annoying, otherwise the hotel seemed nice and clean and quiet. One useful thing if you're hitting the tourist trail is to pick up a citypass which gives you vouchers for many different attractions and at some places priority queuing. Strangely enough it was the thing we would have least likely have done (the circle line boat tour) that was the best event here – we didn’t think it would be that great but it was a fun few hours. NYC is also great for food, very cheap and lots of choice, the Indian restaurant Tamarind was the best we ate at, we also went to a great Japanese restaurant near Union Square but we never found out its name (the plce felt like a more authentic version of a Wagamama). On checkout the hotel held our luggage so we could spend our last 1/2 day sightseeing and helped us arrange a Taxi at a time so that we would not get stuck in traffic and be late for our flight. Whilst not perfect the hotel was certainly a great place to explore NYC and helped make a very good holiday indeed. If you can get a good rate it's definitely worth staying here.	
Jul 11 2006	Met my expectations	After reading many good reviews on the web decided to bring my family to stay in this hotel for our 6 day trip to NYC (our first trip to NY, too). Overall, I liked staying here, excellent location, room new, clean, and quiet, beds very comfortable. However, on the first day the bathtub in our room drained very slowly, as if clogged. We told the front desk and it was fixed the next day, but the problem came back in the next few days---standing in ankle deep soapy waste water during a shower became quite irritating. Front desk staff usually are able to helped us when we asked for it, but were not always very warm and friendly, depending on who was there---questions are replied with curt answers; however, room service and the technician who came to fix the safe in our room (it was locked up when we first tried to use it) were all very nice and helpful. All in all, I would come back to this hotel, because of the great location and clean, spacious rooms, which are most relevant to a comfortable stay; Some of the front desk staff and clogging bath tub drains could use some fixing.	
Jul 10 2006	Oasis in a city of madness!!	We stayed three nights in Fitzpatrick Grand Central in May. I was apprehensive about staying there after reading some of the other trip advisors reviews however this apprehension soon left and we were really delighted with our stay. The staff were nice, some more friendly/ helpful than others but one of the staff members, Garfield, was particularly helpful and friendly and went out of his way to be nice, which was much appreciated. The room was not huge (it is Manhattan) but it was not as small as I had imagined it to be. The place was so clean and quiet (we stayed on the sixth floor towards the rear of the building) that it truly was an oasis after a day sightseeing/ shopping in New York. The hotel is very central and we definitely will be staying there again on our return journey!	
Jun 26 2006	Nice quiet hotel	My family and I stayed at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central Hotel from June 22 - 25. It was a very nice, small hotel. The rooms were clean, VERY quiet and beds were comfortable. The staff recognized you coming and going through the lobby. They were friendly and tried hard to please. The Irish breakfast was terrific in the restaurant. Quiet neighborhood with Grand Central Terminal at the end of the street. Easy access to everything but a haven away from some of the more hectic areas. I would definitely consider booking at the hotel again.	
May 30 2006	Very Nice Place to Stay	Everything was clean, staff was helpful and the Wheeltapper restaurant/bar had great atmosphere, drinks and food. We had desert and drinks one night that were fantastic and then we had the Irish Breakfast which was expensive but great. We stayed in a two double bed room which had plenty of room, comfortable beds and the bathroom was large and had good counter space for a NY hotel. Would definately recommend this place to my friends.	
May 17 2006	Everything Fantastic	We stayed at the Fitz Grand Central for 4 nights during our Honeymoon and found everything about it just perfect. Location, friendly staff, the best food and great choice menu for both breakfast and dinner. We had done quite a lot of travelling through Canada and to be honest it was nice to get somewhere where we felt we could just relax and also have everything on our doorstep. Being from Ireland, and having eaten some pretty funny meals over the previous 3 weeks, we were never so happy to have a decent full irish breakfast with bachelors baked beans! The bar had a good atmosphere throughout the day and evening, it was the perfect place to start the night out. The room was very comfortable and bed just to die for. Though the room was not that big, it didnt matter because it was beautifully decorated and spotless. I would not have a bad word to say about this hotel - was so impressed that we are travelling to NY again this summer and have booked the Fitzpatrick Grand Central for our stay. Would seriously recommend.	
May 13 2006	All is Grand	My husband and I stayed at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central for eight nights from April 26 to May 4th. The location is great, only a block and a half from Grand Central Station where you can catch the subway. The station also has a great food court in the basement where you can catch a quick breakfast before starting your day. The hotel is in walking distance to Times Square, Macy's and Central Park..but make sure you have comfy shoes! The staff was nice and our room was small, but clean. The bathroom is a good size and it was clean as well. We didn't hear any traffic. We were on the third floor facing other rooms in the hotel. The only thing I would advise against..is going to the Wheeltapper pub attached to the hotel. They automatically add a 15 percent gratuity..which means the staff knows they don't have to work for their tip..and they don't! The food was hot..but just o.k. and it's expensive. There are lots of other places in the area to eat that are way better. Ask the front desk about an Italian place a couple of blocks away called &quot;Osteria Laguna&quot; &quot;Bully's&quot; across the street is also a good breakfast place. Make sure you keep checking for deals on their site. For a portion of our stay our room was only $209.00...a bargain in NYC.	
May 11 2006	Fab central Hotel!	My teenage daughter and I have just returned from a long weekend in New York and we stayed four nights at the Fitzgerald Grand Central Hotel, East 44th Street and it was a great stay.We arrived an hour early and didn't expect to be able to get checked in but it was no problem and we actualy got upgraded to a King size double non smoking which was nice!The staff couldn't have been more helpfull and were very aproachable.The room itself is not huge but hotel rooms in NYC don't tend to be but it was a lovely room and the bed was huge. The bathroom was very plush and modern.The hotel is very centrally located and beside a subway. We got a good deal because we were staying four nights and I would definately recommend it. Great stay.	
Apr 23 2006	Absolutely Fantastic Fitzpatrick	My daughter and I just returned from a wonderful 3 days in New York City. I wanted to stay at a hotel that offered an American Girl Package and I did a lot of research about it. From the moment we entered the hotel to the moment we left, we were treated incredibly well. Everyone was very polite, helpful and friendly. The rooms were clean and very comfortable. The beds they have are the best. If you ever have the opportunity to get to NYC, stay at the Fitzpatrick.	
Apr 18 2006	This hotel was so disappointing	Where do I start, so many things wrong with this hotel. On checking in we were offered a wait of 2 hrs, so that a 'larger' deluxe room would be ready. All I can say is that I would hate to see a smaller deluxe room, I really felt that this was a ploy as the rooms were basically not ready. Then the curt and unfriendly receptionist informed us that she she would need an advance booking/payment of 300$ on my husbands credit card??? when I protested somewhat she 'decided' to only take 200$. The room was paid for weeks in advance and surely a copy of credit card details would have been enough!The corridors of hotel are very grubby, whilst the room itself was very clean, if not very small as mentioned. The bathroom was faultless, but what's the story with only one bathrobe??? Even though we were on the ninth floor, we could still hear loud noise from the bar on the groundfloor, with all windows closed. The bed was so comfortable, probably the best thing out of a list of faults.Our main problem proved to be with the concierge service and front of house staff, most of whom seemed to be on some form of valium. It took 15 mins one night to locate anyone at all who could find out the address of a restaurant for us-imagine the receptionist did not possess a telephone book behind the reception and she paged the wrong number for the concierge to magically appear to provide us with this small piece of information. The main problem came on the day of departure, when I asked Fernando to book us a shuttle back to JKF. He dreamily did so, but omitted to give us a ticket, ref no or any details about what the service actually was. Hence when we arrived back 15 mins early for transport, nobody came into foyer to call us for transport, we had no idea on what we were actually waiting on, and when we approached the other concierge (who was very helpful), he had to do some investigating as to what we were actually booked on!!!!!! By the way we already paid in advance for the shuttle, Nino, the front of house manager then kept us waiting for about 20mins trying to contact the company to arrange a refund. So running already 45 mins late and nearly six months pregnant, I finally had enough and informed him the the hotel should refund us the money as it was basically a staff member's fault that we were running seriously late for the airport. If he had any cop or adequate training in customer service, he should have done this immediately, instead of contributing to the stress of the situation.....SO DISAPPOINTING, and I would not reccomend this hotel AT ALL.	
Mar 28 2006	Great Stay!	We thoroughly enjoyed our &quot;girls weekend&quot; trip to New York this past weekend! Staying at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central was a really good experience! Our room was very clean, roomy, very comfortable, and very quiet! The beds were so comfy after our busy days of shopping and sight-seeing. The staff at the hotel was very welcoming, friendly and helpful. We had appetizers at the Wheel Tapper Pub before our show one evening and it was a very nice experience! The location of this hotel was very convenient to walking to Broadway, shopping, and of course was only steps away from the grand central terminal (it was very easy to get on the subway here for anywhere that we wanted to go in Manhattan). This was our first trip to New York City and the concierge was extremely helpful in explaining things to us regarding directions on where to go and how to go about getting there. I would definetly stay here again!	
Mar 19 2006	Great room eventuallyShame about the staff	Arrived at the hotel after travelling for thirteen hours and was given a box room that stunk of cigarettes.After complaining we were moved to a second room(no safe in this room).Tired and obviously losing patience asked for an upgrade to a suite which the hotel obliged to the cost of £300.00 for five nights we were there.suite was beautiful until 8.30 that evening the bellboy knocked and told us that knowbody was on floor 2 due to building work that started at 5.00am,not what you want on holiday.So moved again to 8th floor.Brilliant room with a brilliant bed and bathroom.On our last night we were woken again at 11.30pm by a maid doing hoovering in the opposite room.This is the only hotel in the world that ive known this to happen.Obviously having to get up to go to the airport at 4am didnt help.Reception staff really did not have a clue.Plus side to this hotel are great location,Brilliant beds if allowed to sleep and probably the best bell boys in New York.Sorry to write this as this hotel has had glowing reviews but when we come back to New York in December we will NOT be staying at the Fitzpatrick Grand CentralQuick note:Avoid bar and resturant as prices are sky high	
Mar 7 2006	Only an average experience	Although the brochures list this hotel as a 4 star, Trip Advisor's listing as a 3 star is more accurate. Accomodation:While the room was clean and comfortable, it didn't provide any of the amenities you might expect of a 4 star in another city. The wardrobe space was barely enough for one person, and the fittings are quite dated. For a &quot;deluxe&quot; room, it is cramped. The bathroom was nice, but the water pressure wasn't great, so you don't get the expected hotel power shower!Staff:The reception staff were so curt that it was bordering on rude. We had to wait until nearly 5PM before they had a room we could check into.A couple of the porters were slightly better, but while they minded our bags for us when we were checking in and out, they didn't bother bringing them up to the room when we checked in, or to the coach when we checked out, despite getting good tips for getting out luggage.Bar / RestaurantThe food in the bar was good, just as well because they don't have a separate restaurant. The drinks are quite expensive; over 3 dollars more for a round of two drinks than the nearby bars. The food is restaurant priced, pretty much $15 to $35 for a main course.Location:Location wise, it is a great spot - quiet enough at night, but close enough to the busy areas. Time Square is roughly 4/5 avenues away.Overall:I don't know if 4 star hotels in New York are generally of a lower quality than you might expect in Europe, but I really don't feel that this hotel offers good value for money. It is only good to use a base, and I am sure that there are many other hotels in the area that can do the same job for much better prices.	
Feb 26 2006	Great Travellers Base	We visited this hotel on 19-23 January 2006. As first time visiters to anywhere in the States, my wife and I were nervous about were we booked to stay in NYC. But we shouldn`t have worried as this hotel proved ideal for us. We coached in from Newark Airport, getting off beside Grand Central Terminal. The hotel was then less than 10 minutes walk away, just off Lexington Avenue - it couldn`t have been easier to get to. We had initially considered booking into one of the usual tourist hotels around Manhattan, but we were glad we paid marginally more for this place. The location was the best part of the deal - around 15-20 minutes from Times Square and many other locations. And yet the hotel itself was a oasis of calm compared to the hectic city scenes all around us. On seeing the other hotels that we had first considered, I was even more glad that we went for this one. As other reviewers have said, the rooms were clean, average size and yes the beds were soft. But is the room that important, as long as these criteria are met-we were away from the hotel from 8am until 11pm each night so the room size/bed did not really bother us. As for the staff being rude; we found them to be friendly and helpful at all times, but I suppose it depends on how you approach people. In summary I am glad I availed of this hotel as its central location and calm atmosphere enabled us to maximise our time during our short visit.	
Feb 16 2006	Good base in New York	We have just returned from 4 nights at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central. The hotel was everything we could ask for. We were given a large room - i think it was actually designed for disabled access with a huge walk in shower area (although no bath tub) we were asked if this would be OK on check in, and we were happy enough to go for the larger sized room. The bed was comfy, the room was clean, lots of TV channels, radio/alarm clock supplied - and iron and umbrella and coffee machine - although no fridge.Grand Central was a block or 2 away, and the crysler building was also very near. We used the subway all the time, it was easier getting around this way than by taxi (with all the snow!)The concierge arranged the airport shuttle back to JFK. we were the last hotel to be picked up, and it was hassel free, and cheaper than a taxi, it was about $20.There is no internet access - unless you take laptop, but there is a Kinkos a couple of blocks away - which was easy enough to find and use. There is also no doorman - which didnt bother us, but we found a bit strange!The diner accross the street - Bullys, was great for breakfast pancakes and waffles. Grand Central food court was also very convenient. There are lots of places for breakfast around this area, so we didnt try eating at the hotel. We walked to all the main sites, Times Sq, Rockafeller - do the 'top of the rock' its better than Empire State.We had a great time, the 20% discount with booking 3 nights at the hotel through their website made this good value, if we found the same price again we would go back.	
Feb 8 2006	Very good...	Chose the Fitzpatick Grand Central after reading the reviews and making comparisions - and we were not disappointed! For the price, I don't think it can be bettered. The rooms were as large as the Waldorf (our friends who were with us on this trip stayed there last time). The bed was very comfortable indeed - they have a comforter type of 'over- mattress' which made you think you were sleeping on a cloud! Overall, the room was very nicely appointed - if I had to nit pick, then maybe the carpet could have done with a clean as there were one or 2 coffee spill stains. That said, the coffee maker in room was very welcome as was the bathrobe (just the one bathrobe, so husband had to make do!) There is an iron and ironing board and an umbrella in the wardrobe. We didn't have occasion to use them, but they could have been useful.We asked for a high floor on booking in and were given king rooms on the top floor overlooking the street. If you want a quieter room ask for an inside room but we preferred some noise (not at all bad) and a nice sunny room - even in early Feb.There are quite a few places to eat very near by but we used taxis to go further afield. If you are in a hurry I would recommend going in to Grand Central Terminal 2 mins away (no train noise) where there is a posh food hall and a food court and restaurants if you want a quick bite. Taxis are plentiful - just walk from the hotel to the nearest main avenue (3rd or Lexington). Cost from Kennedy was $45 + toll and tip - $60. Concierge fixed us up with a taxi to the airport. Fares back to airport are not regulated so check want you will be paying... it was $55 + toll + tip on the way back. If you are a 4 then you will need a people carrier (called a van in the US) taxi to accommodate the luggage.The Fitz is about a 10 min or so walk from Times Square. We taxied everywhere when we got footsore. If you are going to the theatre and it is wet, allow extra time as the taxis are more difficult to find then. We preferred being in the Grand Central area as it was a little quieter. Felt completely safe walking around day and night. Hotel staff were very obliging. Lots of info in reception re shows and restaurants. The Concierge was also very helpful. We would certainly stay there again without hesitation.	
Feb 2 2006	Excellent location and staff very friendly	Just got back today after a 4 night stay. Excellent location near to Grand Central Station. Room slightly small, however lovely decoration and very clean. Beds were excellent and helped with the jet lag.Michael on the door was excellent, very friendly and nothing was too much trouble. I would recommend this hotel to anybody thinking of visiting New York.	
Feb 1 2006	Great Choice!! Lovely Hotel.	We have just returned from our first trip to New York and our stay at The Fitzpatrick was excellent! The staff were very friendly and great for getting directions to different places. The room was available earlier than check in time and was very clean. The bed was probably the most comfy I've ever stayed in (apart from home). Only negatives about the room were the bathroom door didnt lock (if you wanted it to) and our view on the 4th floor was of a brick wall, but we didnt come to New York to spend time looking out of our bedroom window! The coffee machine didn't work but was replaced within 5 minutes of arriving in our room. We ate a couple of times in the Wheel Tapper Pub, fantastic breakfast via roomservice at 10pm! and some great beer battered fish and chips! Overall we loved our stay at the Fitzpatrick and would definately stay there again. It was about 15min walk from the noise and bustle of Times Square but the quietness of the room was great to come back to after a long day on the go. Want a room with a view the next time!!	
Jan 26 2006	A perfect trip to a perfect hotel	I have just returned from New York after having 5 fantastic days in the city, I booked the trip for me and my son as a suprise present for his 18th birthday.The hotel and it's staff where just wonderful - cant find a single thing to complain about, the location is brilliant (right round the corner from Grand Central Station) you are within 5 mins of the empire state building and about a 15 minute walk from Times Square.TIP - If you want to phone the UK while you are away buy a european phone card $10 will get you about 10 hours woth of calls or $5 will get you about 7 hours! Instructions can be complicated though but if you dial the number at the top right hand side of the card, they will ask you for pin number which is the numbers revealed after you have scratched off, then finally you will need to dial 01144 and whatever number you are trying to call in the UK but remember to drop the first 0 of the area code.	
Jan 16 2006	Three Little Words.....Perfect...Fab......Dreamy!	I loved this Hotel so much. My only regret is not staying here for my honeymoon. There were 4 of us, 2 per room. My brother's room was the Jim Sheridan Suite which was over large with 3 tv's, sunken bath and the most divine bed in the World. His room was ready on arrival at 12noon.Our room was a garden suite which we didn't really find out much about before we booked. It wasn't ready on arrival but we only had to wait about 30 minutes and was it worth the wait!. In the middle of New York, this was an oasis of calm and serenity. Its on the penthouse (Liam Neeson Penthouse Floor) and its a gorgeous room with sunken bath (tv perfectly placed in front of bath!), beautifully appointed bedroom and wow what a terrace. Wooden decking, large potted plants and large enough to hold about 20 people!. Like other reviews, I couldn't believe how comfy the bed was. Comfy is even an understatement. The bed seems to hug you, so much that you dont' want to get up in the morning! The bedlinen is to die for, the pillows are perfect and there is spare blankets, duvets and pillows in the wardrobe.The Irish Breakfast though a little expensive was very large and hearty. It really sets you up for the day. We didn't eat anything else in the Hotel, just breakfast but there was plenty of it and no shortage of extra teas/juices/toast etc.Staff were amazingly friendly, down to the Asst. Manageress who spent 10 minutes chatting to us. As I told her, I spent my Honeymoon in Atlantis and found it lacking compared to this cosy, friendly, perfect home away from home.I found the staff so helpful, especially with booking tours, getting cabs, giving directions. They were only TOO happy to go on the internet and find shop numbers, then ring to find out opening hours etc. 100% helpful, friendly staff. Especially Garfield, who was such a nice guy.I would SO recommend this to anyone. NY is such a bustling city, its great to walk through the Hotel's door and feel like you are coming home, knowing your bed will make you sleep like a baby or that you can relax on your private terrace if you prefer.	
Jan 10 2006	New York City Sanctuary	Visited New York during Thanksgiving 05 and had Fitzpatricks booked for 5 nights. New York can be quite daunting for the first time but as soon as we stepped inside Fitzpatricks we started to feel more comfortable. The staff were as friendly and helpfull as they could possibly be and the service we received was impeccable, but that seemed to be the standard anywhere we went in Manhatten. The food and drink was slightly expensive but that is to be expected in any hotel in New York, and the food was so good that it didn't stop us having breakfast there most mornings of our stay. Theres also a brilliant cafe just across the street called Bullys that does great pancakes and bagels and its a much cheaper alternative. Others have commentated on the beds and i must agree, comfortable is an understatement! Our room was at the back of the building so although we didn't have a view worth mentioning, it was very quite which was a great bonus especially the first few days while recovering from jetlag. After 5 nights we were supposed to visit relatives in Boston for 1 night before returning to NY to get our flight, but we were enjoying it so much we decided to check if we could remain in Fitzpatricks one more night. They booked us in for another night and gave it to us at nearly a 50% discount which we were very pleased about! Although it is a bit pricey its worth the extra to stay somewhere that is so comfortable, welcoming and central. I would highly recommend it and will definately stay there next time I'm lucky enough to be in New York City!	
Jan 10 2006	I recommend it	Positives: Very handy location, wonderful beds, well appointed and clean rooms, competent staff.Negatives: Small foyer can get cramped. Check-in time is late and our room was not ready on time. It didn't really bother us - we just left our bags with helpful concierge and had a walk around the area stopping off for a quick pint and bite to eat - however, one or two other guests seemed a little dissatisfied with the wait.Overall, I have no problem recommending this hotel. Apart from American guests it also seems popular with and appreciated by Irish and British guests.	
Jan 6 2006	Nice and peaceful	This place is a nice place a couple of blocks from Grand Central Station. Very Clean and Quiet. It's a 9 story building and the hallways a small but overall a nice place for the price. Nothing to complain about, I just noticed that there was a lot of airline stwerds/stwerdeses that stayed here. More of a business feel than a vacation spot.	
Dec 16 2005	The best beds	This hotel has the best beds I've ever slept in, and I know beds. It is a business hotel - not fancy at all. Fitzpatrick location is great if you want to be near Grand Central but taxis are scarce. Service is lacking. The concierge and doorman are one in the same so there is often no one at the front door.	
Oct 22 2005	Good Base For Exploring NYC	My wife and I stayed here in October 05 and liked the hotel. It is a good base for exploring New York. A few minutes walk and you are in 5th Avenue and if you need to go further downtown then the Grand Central metro nearby is very convenient. The room was ideally sized for two people and the bed, as others have commented, was probably the most comfortable we ever slept in. The reception area is quite small however and there are very few seats there. Neither should you expect a swimming pool as you might in a similarly priced European hotel: there isn't any. What you get for your money is a room and that's it. We tried the Wheeltapper pub the night we arrived: two pints of beer cost us 13 dollars! We didn't bother with it after that. My advice would be to frequent Connolly's pub and restaurant nearby at 47th Street where they serve good food and drink at very reasonable prices and forget the hotel for anything other than sleeping in. Beware also New York City taxes when calculating the final price: add about 8% to the quoted rate. Our bill for 5 nights came to 2000 dollars which I thought a bit steep for what was on offer. All in all, a pleasant hotel but given the prices they charge I wouldn't be rushing back there.	
Oct 18 2005	Great hotel and location	Just returned from a wonderful 6 night stay at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central. Great location right near Grand Central Station and within easy walking distance of Times Square, Broadway, Empire State and Fifth Ave. On a quiet street - so no traffic noise. We were on the 9th floor and had no problem with lifts. Had the standard room which was beautifully appointed and spotlessly clean. The fluffy towelling bathrobes were a great addition. Staff very helpful and friendly. There were several British Airways crew staying while we were there. The Wheeltappers pub next door served good food at reasonable prices (for a hotel!)and was very lively with business types in the evening. Would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 4 2005	Great hotel	We stayed in this hotel ealier this year and had a wonderful time. the room was not huge but was beautifully decorated. The staff at the hotel was so helpful and welcoming. The location was great , either for walking or jumping on the subway - grand central is a few steps away.There is also a wonderful diner across the road which opens early (great for those jet lag mornings) and serves excellent breakfasts, once again the staff there were very welcoming. I would definately book this hotel again	
Aug 25 2005	Will stay here again	This is a terrific hotel. The staff is great. They could not have been more helpful or polite. The food in the pub was also good. We had a double room which was quite spacious. The location can't be beat. We will stay here again on our next visit.	
Aug 24 2005	Nice hotel in great location.	Reccommended to us by a BA stewardess we know who always stays there.Spent three nights with wife and two kids staying in one room with two queen size beds which were a bit of a squeeze. Rooms were small although most New York hotel rooms are in my experience. We were initially put in a dark, gloomy room on the third floor although they moved us to the same room on the ninth floor when we asked which gave us a bit more light and some view although still not great. Staff were pleasant.The Wheeltappers Pub next door was dark and empty whenever I went in to it so I never even had a drink in there. Central Station across the street is the big plus. It has a massive food court, bars and restaurants and a great buzz about it.In summary the Fitzpatrick is a little small and pokey but if you only need a bed in a central location it's fine.	
Aug 16 2005	Great for a long weekend	Hotels location means you can walk there from Penn station(Terminus for LIRR train from JFK) in about 30 minutes carrying rucksack, although in temps of 35 degrees I think I would have been wiser to get a cab. I was able to check into room at 13:00 and was offered an upgrade to a suite for $50 a night extra, after viewing the standard room and the suite I could see no reason to upgrade as the standard room was big enough, spotlessly clean, quite, and bed was very comfortable. Afer reading other reviews for hotels my priorities were a quiet nights sleep and cleanliness so there was no problem here.Walking distance to many attractions such as empire state, times square, shopping areas, and transport links close by.The pub was fine for a quick drink and a burger. Didn't sample the breakfast as never had time in the morning.All in all a good choice if your staying 3 or 4 days for a quick run around to all the tourist areas.	
Aug 1 2005 	Favorite Place to stay in Midtown	I have stayed at this hotel 6-7 times in the last three years as it is only three blocks from my company's NY office. It it located on a fairly quiet side street and noise has never been a problem. The beds are extremely comfortable, and the sheets, towels, and robes are all Irish linens. One thing I've noticed is that the room sized vary considerably...rooms are either typical NYC size, though, or larger. Staff is very good. Room service is very good and not overpriced. The deli next door is great for a quick bite or snack. Great location - right across from Grand Central station. Ask for the &quot;turn down&quot; service at night!	
Jun 24 2005	Great people great staff great hotel..	My boyfriend and I stayed at FGC hotel in early May for 4 nights. We decided to take a long weekend from our busy lives in San Diego. Found out about the hotel on expedia and got a pretty good rate considering we booked on short notice. Upon arrival the front desk staff was extremely helpful ( we arrived before check-in which is 3pm), had no problems with that and had a lovely room on the fourth floor. Extremely clean rooms ( I happen to be a neat freak, so I would know), housekeepers did their job very well, did not have to ask for a thing. Only dined in the restaurant one night, good food, a bit expensive but what do you expect from a hotel restaurant? WE had a lovely conversation with the bartender (can't remember her name--petite girl with long brown hair). Kept us laughing the whole time. Overall I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Grand Central basically across the street, which will take you anywhere in Manhattan. Be aware of the street vendors near GCT, had some bad food and was sick half on one day. ( Nothing to do with the hotel).	
May 27 2005	A 'grand' central hotel!	Hotel was great (once we had managed to find it - no police officer seemed to know!). Although our room wasn't ready when we arrived, we were given drinks vouchers whilst we waited. The room was not a bad size - very very soft and squishy mattress and pillows. Staff were very helpful and friendly. Location of hotel was superb - very quiet yet near everything! Would recommend the hotel to anyone wanting a short stay close to good restaurants etc.	
Apr 26 2005	Made a special trip even more wonderful	In January 2005 my husband and I arrived in NYC to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary and also have a very belated honeymoon !! I chose the hotel from the internet and was a little nervous, as I wanted our trip to be perfect. I had no need to worry, from the moment we set foot in the Fitzpatrick Grand Central we were made feel extremely welcome and the atmosphere was so good. After checking in we were shown to our room, which was absolutelt gorgeous, spotlessly clean and very inviting. It had everything you could possibly need, right down to an umbrella, for those rainy days ! The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on, in fact we were considering trying to bring it home ! The decor was beautiful with canopied bed, matching curtains, tv, coffee maker even a hairdryer was supplied, also a trouser press and safe. The staff were extremely friendly and very helpful, and on discovering it was our anniversary a bottle of champagne was left in our room for us with a little handwritten note. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wholeheartedly, it definitely made a special trip even more so for us. A big thank you to all the staff especially Greg and George for making our trip unforgettable.	
Apr 26 2005	The MOST comfortable bed ever!!	Stayed here for 3 nights and was very pleasantly surprised. This is a smallish hotel just around the corner from Grand Central Terminal. The room was smallish but very nicely done up and the bed was absolutely gorgeous. Apparently they have installed new matresses which are really soft but supportive as well - I have to say I've never slept in a more comfortable bed. The hotel doesn't have any pomp or ceremony which I like. The maid service was really good as well. I love staying in a hotel with bath robes and this has them although the bath itself wasn't that big but you can't have everything. All in all I would recommend this hotel - lets face it in a place like New York you won't be spending much time here anyway.	
Apr 19 2005	Good Value @ Fitzpatrick	For my first visit to NY, I was really worried about where to stay. I had no real points of reference for much of anything. This hotel turned out to be my oasis.My only gripe was that upon checking in the heater was malfunctioning. It was promptly fixed but later on that night when I returned, it was not heating up again. The attentive staff came up within 5 minutes to fix it. Other than that, I thought the room was nice. No real view of anything except the brick building next to me, but still not a bad rate for the comfortable bed and clean bathroom.	
Apr 6 2005	This is a good hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in March/April 1005 and I think it is a good hotel. The rooms are comfortable. Yes, the TV cabinet doors get in the way, but it is only a minor complaint. The bathrooms are great and the housekeeping is very good. Breakfasts are good and well preapred and the staff are friendly and very helpful. The hotel has a nice, informal atmoshere and is not so large as to be impersonal. lt is also very well positioned.	
Apr 6 2005	A Hotel that caters for European tastes	I have just returned to the UK from a 4 night stay at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central Hotel in New York from 31st March-4th April 2005. I stayed with my partner and our 4 children. The hotel rooms were all extremely well furnished and the beds beautifully comfortable. The hotel is quiet and off the main drag so a good night's sleep is assured. The staff are extremely friendly, welcoming and helpful. There were lots of air crew staying at the hotel which to me signifies a good hotel to those in the know. The breakfasts are outstanding with lovely pastries, juice and coffee and Earl Grey Tea. The cooked breakfasts and pancakes were a hit with our kids. The pub is fine with kids in the evening and they can sit there with the adults without any problem at all. All the bar and waiting staff in the Wheeltappers pub were very friendly and attentive to our needs. The evening food is good too. The smoke free atmosphere is a real plus. The concierge was very helpful in advising about taxis and arranging the return transfer to the airport. We were delighted with the hotel and will recommend it highly to any of our friends who are planning to visit New York. Well done FGC	
Mar 1 2005	Nice Stay at Fitzpatrick Grand Central	We stayed 4 nites at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central at the beginning of February, 2005. A year prior we stayed at the other Fitzpatrick location in Manhattan, my Irish-descent husband wanted to try the &quot;other Fitzpatrick&quot; this time.We loved the location on a quiet block of 44th St., around the corner from the Chrysler Building, a half block from Grand Central, also a half block from busy Third Avenue. I love Grand Central, one of the great public spaces in America. With many food vendors and restaurants, bars, shopping, etc., it's a hub for more than catching a train.We booked a good rate of about $162 (found on the Fitzpatrick website and booked on their tollfree phone number) and I was told we would get their smallest room for that price. Upon arrival I asked for a quiet room and was assigned a very good room (not too small) at the end of the hall on the 9th floor. My husband was arriving later that night and the front desk handled putting aside a key for him so that he had no hassles when he arrived at 1:30am.The room was clean, beautifully decorated, the bathroom was spotless and had its own wall heater and a window for natural light. We had some problems with maintenance items: the heater failed during the first night (thank heavens for the separate bathroom heater) and when the engineer came to fix it the air filter was totally clogged. My husband remarked that the hotel obviously had no preventive maintenance program. During our stay they were stringing high speed internet cable in the ceilings of our hallway, between our room and the elevator. It was a minor hassle, but the workers came down out of the ceiling and moved the ladder each time we came by, so we weren't unduly inconvenienced. I did notice that British Airways crews stay in the hotel, we would see the cabin attendants having briefings each morning on our way to breakfast. We didn't see any other American guests, all were British or Irish.The restaurant was OK, prices a little high but it is NYC. I especially liked the cozy fireplace with a crackling blaze in the hotel entrance and in the restaurant. I must say that NYC's &quot;no smoking in bars &amp; restaurants&quot; is wonderful.Both NYC Fitzpatricks are solid offerings, pleasant, clean, good staff. I give a slight edge to the Grand Central location, due to the quiet street and proximity to the services, transport options, and amenities of Grand Central itself.	
Mar 1 2005	Fab Fitz!	2 adults + 2 teenagers . First stopped at Fitzpatrick Grand Central early December 2003 for 3 nights, first time in NY &amp; found all at the hotel very friendly and helpful, although had 2 days of blizzards still found what parts of NY we could visit to be wonderful. Hotel is right next to Grand Central Station which has a wonderful little market &amp; loads of places for food. Returned to the 'Fitz' over easter 2004 this time for 5 nights, length of stay recommended as theres that much to do and see in NY! Again found the hotel and staff superb, the rooms again were spotless and cleaned everyday. Used the 'Wheeltapper' pub next to / attached to the hotel every night friendly locals and staff made the 'wind down' drinks a pleasure. Would recommend The Fitzpatrick Grand Central to all, great location etc, took time to fill out one of the Hotels questionaires and were surprised to recieve a reply 2 weeks after our stay, just proves they must read them! If you decide to go to New York you'll not be disappointed!! PS best ride in NY Statten Island ferry and its Free!	
Feb 26 2005	Lovely Stuff	We stayed at the Fitzpatrick for New Year. It is situated slap bang in the middle of everything so it's easy to get around from there. Right opposite Grand Central and so easy enough to jump on most metro lines. Plus there is a an amazing market opposite if you want some fresh fruit and juice or bagels every morning.The room was cleaned every day, new towels and clean flannels. Bed made and they even fold your PJ'S :)The staff were pretty nice. Some really really nice and some a bit standoffish but overall they were helpful and friendly.We were given vouchers for a free drink in the pub next door and welcomed to spend new years there. Which was a nice touch (even though we don't drink)Overall it was a great place to stay.	
Feb 11 2005	Excellent stay at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central Hotel	My Husband and I stayed here for 3 nights and although I had been to New York before, this was his first visit. Although the room we requested was not available on check in, we were asked to wait in the bar and offered a complimentary drinks while we waited. This, to me, is making a bad situation right. This hotel is very good at making sure the guest is treated well. The room was a bit small, but extremely comfortable and the staff was very friendly and helpful going out of their way several times to help us. Food in the restaurant was quite good, both breakfast and dinner, but there are a few Irish pubs nearby where the food is also very good with lower prices. The hotel is right down the street from Grand Central station and you could walk to several attractions such as Time Square etc.. New York is a very easy city to walk around in and taxis are quite reasonable if needed.  To sum up, this hotel is well located with a great staff and a delightful room. We would definately stay at this hotel again. 	
Jan 28 2005	New York New York	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights just after Christmas and it was our first visit to New York. The room was extremely comfortable and the staff were very friendly and helpful which does make a big difference. Breakfast wasnt included in our price but for $15 the breakfast you can get in the morning was well worth it as I found I couldnt eat for the rest of the day! Food in the restaurant I wouldnt particularly rate especially as just round the corner there is a fantastic Irish pub where the food was fantastic with a price that was almost laughable! And of course if you ventured further affield then the choice is huge!! I found the location perfect especially as my days were spent generally between both uptown and downtown in a bid to see everything. So after a morning downtown (where I generally would have more bags) I could grab a cab dump my stuff before hitting 5th Avenue! The hotel is right by Grand Central station and really you could walk in any direction and come accross something that you would have wanted to see anyways. We walked quite a bit the first couple of days then realised that the most a cab would cost us from 5th Avenue, say, down to Battery Park was about $15 we decided &quot;hey, were on holiday!&quot;. There is a pub in the hotel but I didnt find much of a buzz about the place although if its a quick drink after a day's sightseeing or a nightcap before bed then perfect. So a good location, very helpful staff, a warm and comfy room, a breakfast that will give you the energy to shop and sightsee... The concierge will help you with absolultely everything so my top tip would be dont book anything in advance wait and get their help and suggestions from trips and tours to restaurants. I would definately stay there again.	
Jan 21 2005	Great hotel - would return again!	Stayed at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central over a long weekend in January. If you get a good deal on the price, it's a very decent hotel. We also noted that the flight crew from our flight over showed up just after we did so we thought early on it must be an ok place to stay!Pro's* The staff are very helpful and courteous, offering advice on local attractions, making swift reservations, sorting out airport transportation, etc. Nothing is too much to ask and our very late arrival was also handled smoothly.* Rooms are very clean and the appearance of the hotel generally is good.* The neighbourhood around 44th and Lexington feels safe - we had no concerns there.Con's* The rooms feel quite luxurious but they are VERY small, even for New York. There are no drawers, only a small closet which was full of extra pillows, bedding, so finding places to stash all your shopping is not easy!* The location is not the best. As tourists, we have preferred to stay closer to Times Square which has a lot more to it than the Grand Central area and intersects with more subway lines.* Difficult to detect any real Irish charm - apart from the way the hotel was decorated with memorabilia, it was like any other hotel in New York.We would definitely stay here again - our stay was very comfortable and the price competitive. Unpretentious and very friendly.	
Jan 3 2005	Stay here if you have time to waste...	We recently stayed at the Fitzpatrick Grand for 2 nights (Dec. 27-29). We live about 40 minutes from NYC and have stayed at various hotels throughout the city. We chose the Fitzpatrick because they were offering a great promotion online and we wanted to be around that area. We booked 1 suite and 1 room. We called the hotel twice to confirm our reservation and to request that the rooms be close together and that the regular room have 2 beds.We arrived there at about 12 am. We were aware that check-in wasn’t until 3:00, but we wanted to drop-off our bags, park the car, etc. We gave the front desk all our info and were told our rooms would be ready in a few hours (completely understandable, we were early and expected that)! Well, we returned to the hotel at about 2:30 and after about 15 minutes we were given the keys to 2 rooms…not a suite, but 2 regular rooms (one of which had double beds). One of the people working at the front desk remembered speaking to us when we had called and confirmed that we had booked a suite, but somehow their computer suddenly had us reserved for 2 rooms, no suite. Keep in mind that this reservation was pre-paid online and we had a receipt of this. They insisted that no suites were available and that we didn’t book a suite - even though that is what we had paid for! Well, a long story and about 30 minutes later we were given the key to our suite …but now suddenly no double room was available! By now it’s about 3:30 and we head up to our suite until they can get another room ready for us. At about 5, we were given our second room, which had only a single bed and was very cramped, even for NY standards. Because we are family of 6 there is no way we would have fit in these two tiny rooms, so we asked for a third room…and they were able to get us one on the same floor although this room was even smaller than the other one!!!! The remainder of our stay went smoothly...almost! I should note that the rooms are well appointed and tasteful, even if they are very small. I almost forgot about our ordeal at check-in until it was time to check-out!! At around 12 we called from our rooms and asked that our 2 cars be brought from the garage. We checked out and waited….and waited and at 1:15 one of our cars finally emerged. We didn’t get our second car until about 1:45!!!! As I said before, we live 40 min from NYC…we could have gone home and back in the amount of time it took us to get our cars!!!!! And the garage they use is just a block away!!! They did remove the parking charge for one of our cars from the bill, but even so…my time is too precious to be wasted like this!!! This hotel is better priced than most others in the area, but beware, because the bottom line is, you get what you pay for!	
Dec 3 2004	Great Place to Celebrate a Birthday	I just returned from the great state of New York, and I have to say my stay at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central was awesome. My boyfriend was celebrating his birthday, so after walking to just about every place we went, it was nice to return to our nice, comfortable room at the Fitzpatrick. We arrived at the hotel at 6am in the morning after a long flight from California, and they allowed us to check into our room even though check-in was not until 3pm that day! We were very grateful for that. The pillow top mattress was very comfortable and having the robes and refridgerator in the room was a nice touch. Overall I found the hotel staff to be very friendly. One thing I reccommend is to get one of inside rooms to keep the noise out. Our room was so quiet, we slept in every day. I originally had booked us at the Radisson, but changed my mind because of the horrible reviews posted on this site. Just two days before my trip I was able to book at the Fitzpatrick, and I'm so glad I did. I would highly recommend staying there to anyone looking for a nice, comfortable hotel located in the heart of wonderful Manhatten!	
Oct 23 2004	So what if you have to pay...	It is really hard to get real good quality for little money, and that may be extra true when it comes to hotels in New York City. The Fitzpatrick charged me a little over $ 300 a night, but for this I got a spacey, nicely furnished, comfortable and very clean room. The sheets were changed every day, all surfaces polished and the floors vacuumed. The closets had enough room, and I did really not travel light. The fridge is a nice alternative to a mini-bar; you can fill it up from any of the many delis outside with what you might crave of sodas, mineral water or beer. The television is not big, but it works nicely, and has at least thirty station, and added facilities as Movies on Demand and other stuff. You can also get a internet connection with a few presses on a button, but I had no use for that. There are three phones (desk, bed and bathroom), and a great automated message service, which really came in handy.More? The bathroom is a dream, all white and squeaky clean, an abundance of towels, well-equipped with supersoft toilet paper and soap and shampoo and what have you. Even a nice bathrobe. The pub/restaurant downstairs is a little bit expensive, but you will get your moneys worth in generous helpings of great food. The drinks are not too steep, though. The staff is extremely cheerful and helpful, not to mention skilled. I felt very welcome from the first minute in a polite, but informal atmosphere, and my every wish were taken care of, fast and skillfully. They do not have their hands out for tips all the time either, but I find it natural to reward extra service when I get it. The location is good. A short walk from Fifth Avenue, short walk from Broadway, a somewhat longer walk from the Village. But cabs are pretty cheap and plentiful, and it only takes 6-7 dollars to get into the depths of Lower East Side, if that is what you want. The neighborhood is also a pretty safe one, perhaps due to all the banks and the UN nearby. The hotels have many services I didn't need, as conference facilities, possibilities of closed parties (there was a wedding going on one of the evenings) and all kinds of transport services and sightseeing arrangements. To get a better hotel than this, you have to spring for the luxury hotels. And then you must be prepared to spend much more money. All in all, Fitzpatrick is not too expensive, considering the overall prices in New York and what you actually get for your money.	
Oct 13 2004	Nice Hotel but not in a New York neighborhood	We stayed at this hotel for four nights. For New York it was a mid-priced hotel. The location is great if you are a first time tourist, but we prefer hotels in &quot;neighborhoods,&quot; rather than in a business section. We weren't as comfortable walking around the hotel as we have been at hotels located in Murray Hill or the Upper East Side. There are pan-handlers outside Grand Central Station (directly across the street), so be careful. That said, the room was small but comfortable. Ask for a quiet room so you won't be bothered by street traffic. The room did not have drawer space, except in the night tables. The closet is lit and there are shelves on the side. The bed was extremely comfortable, with plenty of pillows and extra pillows and blankets in the closet. The bathroom is quite nice. We didn't use the pub - too expensive. There are plenty of places to get breakfast, including a bagel shop next door, a very nice sit down breakfast/lunch restaurant across the street, and, of course, Starbucks and the shops inside the Grand Central Market. The Lexington Avenue Subway is a block away, and you can take the shuttle from Grand Central Station to Times Square, if you want to walk along Broadway and the Theatre District.	
Sep 8 2004	Lovely	Great little hotel - clean great bedrooms. Reception isn't that great - which is misleading cause the rooms are nicer that one would expect. Beware the concierge tho - doesn't know much.. So double check his info.	
Sep 5 2004	Worth Every Penny!!	I went to New York in February this year with my boyfriend for a week and got the Fitzpatrick for a great price - unfortunately the prices have gone up quite a bit (probably because of the high quality) It was our first time to New York and didn't know what to expect - this hotel was welcoming, clean and very comfortable. Staff: The bellboy was more than helpful - on our last day we had to check out in the morning and didn't fly out until later that night so it was great that he looked after our luggage, organised our taxi to the airport and we had to do nothing! The reception staff were not overly friendly but we only had to speak to them on checking in and checking out. Bar and restaurant staff were pleasant enough. Room: The room was quite small but spacious enough for what its for - you are in New York !! Your room is only for sleeping and getting ready! It was very clean (regularly cleaned by maid service) and had a TV with cable etc, bathroom was new and clean with shower and bath - regularly provided with fresh towels and bath robes. Location - just round corner from Grand Central Station - very handy for most main places - i was worried about new york at night but i felt very safe in the area we were in and there are plenty places to eat nearby. A shop is right across the road for extras like juice or water you can keep in the fridge.The bar and restaurant were both nice - food was good we had dinner there one night but had breakfast every morning which was basic but filled us up until lunch time. (pastries, bread orange juice tea coffeee etc) We really loved the Fitzpatrick and would recommend it to anyone who is going to New York to see the sights and shop and looking for a warm cosy friendly place to come home to at night!	
Aug 21 2004	Fitz is OK !	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights! We are very satisfied: nice and clean rooms, good queen-size bed, nice serving employees and services. Besides the hotel is very well located near to the Grand Central station, were you very easily can hop onto the subway or railway. Even a walk to Times Square will take only 25 minutes. Just next to the hotel is a good bar, where you can take a last drink before going to bed !!	
Aug 17 2004	Wonderful Classy Clean Hotel	We stayed at the Fitzpatrick from August 13-August 16. I had read all the reviews prior to booking the hotel and I have to say, the reviews (with the exception of that one bad one) were right on. We arrived early, as the flight landed at 8:00 a.m. so we were at the hotel by 9:30. They did not have our room ready (as we expected) but they were more than happy to store our luggage. When we did check in at 3:00 p.m. they ended up giving us 2 drink vouchers for the bar because our room had not been ready! The room itself is quite smaller than what I am used to but I understand that's the common size in NYC, however, I couldn't have asked for a cleaner room with lots of little extras, even a fridge which came in handy. The bed was the BEST I have ever encountered in a hotel! A pillow top mattress--can't get much better than that. The hotel employees are all friendly and helpful. The only complaint regarding employees would have to be the bartender we had. She was quite slow and appeared to not exactly have knowledge of her job, and after we received our drinks we never saw her again, so we had to leave the money on the bar. Other than that, it was a lovely stay. On check-out they even kept our luggage after we checked-out, so we could roam the city till our flight left. Location was okay, just plan to do some walking and bring band-aids!! (A Duane Reade is right across the street so that is convenient.) Overall I would definitely come back to this hotel. If you want a clean, quaint room with a good sized bathroom and an amazingly comfortable bed, this is the hotel to stay in.	
Aug 12 2004	Comfortable and luxurious - with a few little extras.	I stayed at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central for a week in July. The first room that I was allocated, although comfortable, was very dark and small for a weeklong stay, so I asked to be moved. The second room was larger and somewhat brighter. Indeed it was quite luxurious. The bed was large and very comfortable. The bathroom was more than adequate. There were extras in the bathroom -such as a bathrobe, moisturiser, etc. Everywhere was very clean and fresh looking. There was a fridge in the room which was very useful, also a coffee-maker, a safe and an umbrella! The staff members were friendly and helpful. The location is excellent - 100m from Grand Central Station's side entrance.The down sides?: The rooms at the back are dark - particularly if one is on the lower floors. I believe the front rooms can be a bit noisy during the week. There are no drawers for clothes in the rooms. There were a couple of relatively inaccessible shelves in the second room - none at all in the first room. When a person is staying a week one may wish to take clothes out of suitcases. Overall, the pluses far outweigh any minuses.P.S. I really value the hotel reviews on Tripadvisor. Thanks to everyone who makes the effort.	
Jul 15 2004 	Wonderful hotel experience!	The Fitzpatrick Grand Central is a terrific value (great rates via the 'net), with an excellent service staff, great pub downstairs that provides excellent 24-hr room service, beautiful, reasonably-sized rooms with *huge* bathrooms and a terrific location. I've seen NYC condos with smaller closets and bathrooms!I was in NYC for a medical consult, traveling with two difficult-to-please family members (senior citizen mom and frequent traveller younger brother.) Mom loved the service, hotel atmosphere and cleanliness, brother really appreciated the Irish pub on-site and international (mainly Irish) staff and clientele. I loved the comfort level (beds in both rooms were great, a/c effective and quiet, all windows opened--lovely when we wanted fresh air, and my room service Irish breakfast was excellent. Cabs were easy to get, and restaurants, bakeries and local markets all within a block or two, and the concierge was just terrific with every question we handed him (including finding a new boutique that wasn't listed in the phone book, and a hair stylist for an afternoon splurge on a rainy day.) All rooms have fridges, complimentary robes, coffeemaker and hair dryer, so you can save on packing, and pick up snacks and breakfast/lunch stuff to save on dining.Note to those visiting NYC for services at Memorial Sloan Kettering--this hotel is an EASY 5-min. walk (less than 8 blocks) from the outpatient pavilion at 53rd and 3rd. If you really can't walk that far, catching a cab is a snap (and the bellman will help you out if you're not an experienced hailer). All in all, the Fitz Grand Central is a lovely bit of luxury for a *very* reasonable rate. I've paid more for much less.	
Jul 13 2004	Absolutely first class	My wife and I stayed for 10 days and it is difficult to find the right words to express our satisfaction.Comfortable, clean, excellent service, smart and helpful staff, smiles all round,discreet and perfect room serice, large and extremely comfortable and quiet room about 5mx5m.Altogether an extemely enjoyable stay and right in the centre of new York.Strange to say but we were not duly impressed by New York Food in Restaurants and similar but we found the best food 50m away in the Dining Concourse of Central Station.Totally recommended and at a very good price.	
Jul 12 2004	Try the Fitzpatrick Grand Central-don't believe all you read!	Stayed in this hotel mid June. It was a real bargain &amp; the location couldn't have been better. Was a bit nervous about staff &amp; room after reading other reviews. The staff were pleasant, helpful &amp; efficient &amp; the room(although small) was really nice. The room &amp; the bathroom were both well-appointed &amp; clean. Small fridge was a welcome bonus in the heat to keep drinks etc cool.Compared to other Manhattan hotels I've stayed in, this was a welcome change &amp; the website I used to book saved me quite a bit of money. Would also recommend the bagel shop next door for breakfast!	
Jun 16 2004	OK but expensive for what you get	The best thing about the Fitzpatrick Grand Central is its location - it's just a few blocks from the Empire State Building, 5th Avenue, Times Square, etc. We couldn't have asked for a better position.Apart from the location though, there isn't a lot to say about this hotel - pretty average. Don't understand why it's so expensive - the rooms are small and ours was at the back of the hotel with no view - it was a bit dark and gloomy. The staff were OK but not very attentive - they pretty much left you alone, which didn't bother us too much. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel so can't comment but the dinner in the Wheeltappers pub was not too bad - the waitress was friendly enough, but then she was Irish.I don't think I'd stay here again - probably go for a hotel in a similar location but one with a bit more style -maybe W Hotel.	
May 26 2004	Great Location	Just returned from a four day break in New York - fabulous place will deffinatley visit again. Stayed at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central - great location, within easy walking distance of everything.Small hotel with nice entrance lobby and narrow but well lit corridors. Room was absolutley immaculate if a bit on the small side. No mini bar. Room service expensive. Bathroom adequate with hairdryer and fresh towels daily. Iron and ironing board provided - iron took ages to heat up and then didn't get hot enough to make any difference to the creases in our clothes. Bit tight on the tea and coffee making facilities - only provided enough to make one cup of coffee each - and no biscuits!! Continental breakfast was included in the price of our stay - warm croissants, pastries and toast, tea or coffee and fresh orange juice. Waitress on first morning was really friendly and told us about the best places to visit - sadly didn't see her again and have to say the rest of the staff were rather miserable.On our last day both lifts were out of order - we were on the 5th floor and had to carry our cases down - despite being followed down the stairs by a member of staff no offer of help was given - cases really heavy as well due to all the shopping we had done!! Cases stored in luggage room - when we requested them later from porter had to wait 20 minutes while he dealt with other people that had requested his assistance after us. Eventually asked another member of staff who took another 5 minutes to just find one of our cases and then a further 5 for the second - made us late catching our bus back to Newark airport.Overall a clean hotel, nice and quiet - air conditioned which was good as the temps during our stay were in the mid 80's. Okay if you don't want much attention from the staff - none of the Irish hospitality they promise was evident though.	
May 3 2004	Decent hotel	Just returned from NewYork and stayed for 5 nights at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central.First, the location is excellent. Just walking distance from absolutely anything. The building itself looks dingy and probably doesn't deserve a 4* status if appearances are considered. Its a small building sandwiched between taller buildings. If you are looking for views from your window, forget about it. Dark walls and staircases is what you'll get.The lobby was small and sufficient the check in was straight forward and efficient. Found our room without any difficulty( Its a small, hotel with cramped corridors). The room was clean and well stocked but extremely small! Probably not 4* at all if room sizes are anything to go by. No mini bar but hey, considering the price of drinks in mini bars, I didn't miss it at all.The bathroom was a treat though. Clean and nice. The room service was fantastic. Very efficient and punctual. Our room was spick when we arrived every evening.Continental breakfast is included in the price which was very nice. We did'nt eat in the restaurant so cannot say anything about it. There is a great Thai restaurant around the corner though. Try it! The drinks are quite expensive in the wheel Tapper pub(Well, compared to the UK).Over all, this is a nice hotel apart from the size of the rooms in a great location with good room service	
May 1 2004	fantastic fitzpatrick	We have just returned from a 4 day holiday in New York, and our holiday was made even more special with the stay at the Fitzpatrick. The room was outstanding, the people were so nice to us and the food in the Wheel tappers Bar was great. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in New York. The position is great because you are so near all the attractions.	
Apr 17 2004	Ok...but expensive vs. overall delivery service	The hotel is ok, with good rooms and efficient service. The key problem is location: it is located on the 44th between Lexington and 3rd, and due to the Grand Central train station, your cab has always to perform a &quot;long&quot; 3 block manouver to reach the hotel during the day, and 3 blocks in NY can last forever!!!! Prices are high.	
Apr 15 2004	Before you book - read this	I spent a long weekend with my partner at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central, over Easter. Prior to our visit, I had read the reviews on tripadvisor and had taken a look at the hotel's website. I chose to stay at the hotel, primarily because of the excellent recommendations on this site and its very central location. My partner and I were, however, very disappointed. The hotel claims to pride itself in the Irish hospitality which it offers. I saw no evidence of this, however, during our stay. I am originally from Ireland, have lived in London for several years and have stayed in many different hotels throughout the world, so I feel that I am adequately qualified to offer my opinion on the hospitality and amenities which the Fitzpatrick Grand Central offers. The staff at the hotel did not make us feel particularly welcome, at any time. They were not rude towards us - simply indifferent. Simple things like a smile or an 'hello' from the reception staff when we passed through the lobby were noticeably absent. The level of hospitality offered and the friendliness of the staff fell well below the level which I would expect from such an establishment. Although we only visited the hotel's bar, 'The Wheeltapper', once, its food was not particularly tasty or good value. My partner's Irish stew was a rather paltry affair. There was only three small pieces of lamb in a serving of the stew. For $17 we expected a little bit more. In the hotel's defence, the Fitzpatrick, is in an excellent location (about one block from Grand Central station). Our deluxe room there was, however, small. The bed was comfortable and the room and bathroom were clean but there was no mini-bar. The TV is encased in a wooden cabinet, but when we opened the doors, so that we could watch it, there was no room to walk around the bottom of the bed, which was a little annoying.The only occasion when we found the hotel staff to be particularly helpful was on the final day. We met the concierge in the lift and when we told him of our intention to catch the bus to the airport, he was extremely keen to help us to arrange our travel. He sold us tickets for the bus, telling us that he did not think that we could simply buy them from the driver at the pick-up point. It was only when we arrived at the pick-up point that we realised that he had made himself/the hotel a $12 profit out of selling us the tickets at the hotel. Moreover, the driver of the bus informed us that we could have purchased the tickets from him direct. We both felt misled and very disappointed that a member of the hotel's staff was, on this occasion only openly helpful, because he stood to make a few bucks for himself. That is not the type of Irish hospitality that, having grown up in Ireland, I am accustomed to.If you are looking for a hotel in New York, my advice is: choose somewhere else. There are lots of very centrally located hotels and, for the price, the accomodation, hospitality and service offered by the Fitzpatrick Grand Central is nothing special. The hotel claims 4 star status, however I have stayed in 3 star establishments, in various cities around the world, which offer the same level of comfort and accomodation. I will be staying elsewhere on my next visit.	
Mar 31 2004	Pleasant and Affordable		
Mar 4 2004	Wonderful Hotel!		
Feb 15 2004	Great Hotel in a Great City		
Feb 7 2004	Great little European Botique Hotel!		
Jan 21 2004	Really enjoyed my stay!!!!		
Dec 17 2003	Great Staff		
Nov 11 2003	Completely Appropriate		
Oct 21 2003	Fitzpatrick Grand Central--A great value		
Oct 12 2003	The Fitz is IT!!!		
Sep 11 2003	Fitzpatrick - Hated it!		
Oct 16 2009 	Perfetto		
Apr 25 2009 	Familial		
Mar 29 2009 	Estupendo		
Sep 17 2008	Muy buena calidad		
May 18 2008 	merveilleux hotel		
Sep 11 2007 	Situation Exceptionnelle		
