	Good location inefficient and manipulative front desk management	I stayed as single in this hotel for 2 night. I choose it for its location and amenities shown on website. I had requested for an early checkin at 2 pm instead of 3 pm. I reached at hotel at 2 pm, had a good welcome reception. I showed my internet booking and was shown my room. The single accomodation room shown in website was far different thn actually offered. It actually looked like servant's quarters with dirty linen, filth on floor and badly smelling. I refused to accept the room and come back to reception. Suddenly the smile on face of receptionist changed to a rude look. I insisted that room given is not same as shown and described on website. Finally I asked to talk to manager. Manager bluntly told me that as I have booked thru a travel website, he can not gurantee the same room. He insisted that I should have booked a room thru hotel's website. When I said that I will put your opinion on internet, he got scared and changed his tune. Finally he said, that they offered me a inferior room because I asked for early checkin. If I want the described room that I should wait till 3 pm. It was already 2.30 so I agreed. Finally with a very painful face, he allotted me room at 3.30 (30 min later that check in time) but now there was another news. The said room was in old wing, for which I have to walk a longer distance and go down stairs with luggage, before I can board the lift. the room is all surrounded with no exterior window except on opening in garbage collection area. However, i was so tired by this time that I accepted the room and went for a bath. Oohh. Suddenly someone entered my room with another key and came right upto bathroom door. I shouted and she went away. I called reception and I was told that cleaning staff did not know that I am in the room. I again accepted his apology. After 10 min, when I was getting ready for an evening out, AGAIN..... another girl came in and surprised me. This time I really got nervous because I was worried about intentions of staff, and I was in a secluded room with probably no one in nearby rooms. Manager again offered his apology and a free breakfast!!! I kept on thinking for two days, Can a free breakfast wipe away all the bad things that were done by Hotel Manager intentionally or un intentionally. May be this was a exception incidence, but was very bad for me.	
	Bad Experience	1. Rooms are shabby and in need of upgrade from 1970s decor.2. Elevators are completely inadequate for the size of building and number of guests. I walked 7 flights of stairs, accompanied by HUNDREDS of fellow guests, multiple times because the wait for the elevator exceeded 30 minutes for a good part of the day.3. While waiting in line for BOTH check-in and check-out, I was entertained by a stream of people complaining about some major aspect of their stay. Counter clerks disappeared &quot;to consult the manager&quot; at every complaint, only to return with a &quot;Sorry, we cannot do anything about this.&quot;4. Valet parking costs $35 and guess what------there is no valet at check-out. We walked 5 Manhatten blocks to the parking garage WITH luggage.Thanks for the introduction to NYC.	
	Heart of the City	Very comfortable, walk to everything! Clean, a little old-fashioned but that added to the charm for me.	
	FANTASTIC LOCATION	Great location, central, 5mins to central park and 5mins to times square.As a base excellent, but be warned of the noisy pipes in the night, so much we had to move rooms after 1night. We were on 16th floor and what a racket, every half hr through the night, we were up and dressed at 5.30 as couldn't sleep. But we were moved to a much better room on 27th floor, after 1 night of non sleeping, which was great for the 4 of us. So don't just put up with it but complain. Apart from the noise though no other faults to report	
	so badI won't live in wellington hotel any more.	So bad experience. I booked this hotel from priceline. When we arrived there, the front desk asked us pay more. I can not believe it. The room was not cleaned up at all. I never lived in a hotel like that. I won't go there anymore.	
	The perfect location and excellent service for Thanksgiving weekend in NYC.	We could not have been more satified with our visit to the Wellington during Thanksgiving weekend. The suite was spacious and clean. (Some might be put off by the dated rooms--but we loved it and enjoyed feeling like we were having a New York experience instead of Hotel Anywhere). The staff and services were pleasant, prompt and helpful. We enjoyed the Park Cafe--and the many other places to eat nearby.The location can't be beat--a couple of blocks in any direction and you are where you want to be--Central Park, 5th Avenue, Time Square...To look down 7th Avenue and see our Wellington sign looking like a welcoming beacon after a long walk in the park or a day of shopping or a night in time square warmed our hearts and soothed our aching feet. Will definitely be our place to stay in the city--and we have stayed in several other places both uptown, midtown and downtown. Thanks for a great timel.	
Nov 25 2009 	Perfect for visit to New York	I have just arrived home from a four night stay in New York with my friends. To say we had a fantastic time would be an understatement. Having read some of the reviews on this site, I was more that a little nervous about what to expect from our hotel but it proved to be quite the opposite. From the moment of our arrival everything went according to plan. The staff were very friendly (with perhaps one exception- the night concierge on our second night, was having a conversation on the phone and ignored me for 10 minutes until I gave up and went to bed!!! However everyone else on this desk was more than helpful for the duration of our stay and compensated for his rudeness. The concierge even organised our trip to Woodbury Common!!! He suggested that we use a private transfer with another small group the cost of which was $3 more than the bus from the Port Authority. This proved to be the Best Idea of the trip. The driver brought us to the door of Woodbury at 10am and collected us at the pre arranged time (6pm) and delivered us and all our shopping directly to the door of the hotel!!! The best idea ever!!!! While our double double room was not very big it was larger than I expected and was very clean. The Bathroom was very small, but adequate. It was very central, 4 blocks below Central Park(we took a Carriage Ride at night and were delivered back to the door!!) and 8/10 above Times Square. Our room had a great view of Times Sq but was far enough away to escape the noise and neon lights. I cant speak for the bar and restaurant as we did not get the opportunity to try them!! But also attached to the hotel you will find the Park Cafe. The food here was good. (even at midnight after the carriage ride!!!) I have no complaints about The Wellington, maybe we were lucky. (I might not have been as happy if we had rooms at back of hotel) But for location and value, I don't think you could beat this hotel. Without a doubt I'll be back.	
Nov 25 2009 	worst room experience of my adult life	The room was no bigger than 100 sqft. The AC made way too much noise. The flushometer in the bathroom was broken, they repaired it that night though. No ice buckets in room. Towel rack was in the shower, since the bathroom was no more than 4x5, thus towels were wet after taking a shower. You had to dry yourself off in the so called bedroom. Rooms were not very clean and outdated. Walls were very thin, so you could hear what was going on in the next rooms. They claimed that they were booked and couldn't move me to a more suitable room. Would never recommend this hotel to anyone. Even the cab driver knew that the hotel was horrible.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great value - excellent location	We had a fantastic stay at the Wellington. Yes, its true, it could do with updating but it was fantastic value for money for a hotel in a prime location. I've stayed at more expensive hotels in NY, but this, by far, is worth a go. The staff are really friendly and attentative, it was clean and lively - I'd definitely return.	
Nov 24 2009 	Value for money...x	We recentley visited New York and stayed at the Wellington for 6 days during November. The Wellington has the best location we could have asked for and the staff were helpful. Our room was OK, it was a little bit dirty but was well kept and we had a large TV in our room which boosted our ratings. In the top drawer there was a city guide (i would reccomend reading this) that was very helpful. We also had a large closet and chest of drawers. The room had a great view of the edge of times square but the noise was not to bad. In the hotel there is a comfortable lobby (but is usually filled with tour groups), a barbers, a shop (where you can book tickets, souveniers and food- very good shop and the entrance for the diner at the front). On our stay we got our breakfasts included ( I would reccomend doing this) which gave us a choice of FULL AMERICAN BREAKFAST (v. nice), FRENCH TOAST (OK, tasty) and PANCAKES (very plentiful and a bit sickly). I did not like the drinks on the menu so I had apple juice but the drinks were basic and you could get a refill. The location of the Wellington was brilliant. We were very near Carnegie Hall, Central Park and Times Square. It was very accessible to find places.I would reccomend this hotel due to value for money. We very much enjoyed our stay at the Wellington but if you are looking for luxury, do not go for it. But for the location and value for money I would deffinetley stay in it again. PS. Towels are provided but bring your own soap and toiletries as the ones they provide are rubbish (maybe bring toilet paper as well).	
Nov 23 2009 	Great location	I have just returned from a 3 night stay at The Wellington Hotel New York. This hotel is centrally situated and is in a perfect location for sightseeing. It is very close by Carnegie Hall and a few minutes walk to Times Square. The hotel decor is a little dated and the rooms could definitely do with a refurb, however, the rooms we had with 2 queen size beds in were lovely and roomy with everything you need. The bathroom was again very dated but given as you're probably out most of the day sightseeing etc it is perfectly acceptable. The staff were attentive and polite, the hotel bar was VERY expensive but there are plenty of other places to go not far from the hotel. The Red Sightseeing Bus stops almost outside the door and this is a very worthwhile way of seeing the city. I t cost $55 for a 48 hour ticket that takes you all around the city day and night with hop on hop off flexibility. We felt this was worth the money and saved alot of leg work!! New York is a fantastic city and this hotel offers everything you need without a huge amount of luxury!!!!	
Nov 23 2009 	Value for money	Central location, mid Manhattan, two blocks from Central Park. Subway entrance just outside.Dated and small room, but clean enough. Don't forget earplugs, the traffic in NY is neverending... 	
Nov 22 2009 	Great location "Avoid front door men for your transport!!!!!	VERY happy with our stay!!!!! Apart from one very important thing... THE DOOR MEN!!!!!! When we came out of the hotel they offered us transport to our shopping location... great we thought!!!! In no time at all our white stretch limo was there at a very good price... we got in but things went from bad to worse... apart from the fact that it was dirty and clearly not looked after... within 5mins of getting in the Petrol fumes nearly killed us!! The journey was horrendous!!! The driver was rude, unhelpful and demanded his money regardless of us all being sick and distressed.... The Limo company called &quot;ALS LIMOS&quot; and are based outside the front of the hotel they are working with the door men at the hotel to rip you off... DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!!!!	
Nov 19 2009 	NICE HOTEL	Great Location!!!! You are so close to Times Square!!!We ended up at this hotel last minute after the hotel we were supposed to say at was overbooked. They booked us in a smoking room instead of a nonsmokeing but when we got there they gave us an upgrade to a suite because of their mixup!!The room was very nice, just as large as a 1 bedroom appartment would be! The hotel is outdated but that just adds to the charm. The lobby was always full of people but that is NYC life :)I would stay here again if I could get a great deal like I did since it is a little over priced and paying for parking was a nightmare!	
Nov 19 2009 	Not the best but highly convenient	The building is old, and it could use some cleaning or even renewal; it has no restaurant of its own but rather a diner in which the breakfast included with the room only has scrambled eggs with sausages or waffles with syrup. The rooms are big and comfortable but you may have no view whatsoever. Now, do I recommend it? Hell yeah! it has a very affordable price and it's in a great location! two blocks south from Central Park, eight north from Times Square, three from Broadway's Theater area and not more than five or six away from MoMA! If that wasn't enough there is a subway station just outside the hotel which allows you to move to any part of the big apple. So if you are not pretentious about your place of stay, Wellington is a great option.Did I mention is one block away from Carnegie Hall? You can actually see the hotel's sign on the cover of Buenavista Social Club's CD &quot;BSC at Carnegie Hall&quot;	
Nov 13 2009 	Disappointing services	This hotel is located in a nice location and very central. One big thing that I'd like to see improving before I recommend them to anyone is their services, Two staff that I interacted with were cold, short, and condescending in their responses even though the issue that we were talking about ended up with me paying extra money for the misinformation I received. Paying extra money was not the most annoying thing. It was how the two staff treated me and handled the situation. I didn't feel like I was being treated with respect. In my opinion, simple respect from their staff is what was missing from this hotel.	
Nov 11 2009 	Stay somewhere else...regardless of price!	Internet deal of $160/night got me dirty room, dirty bathroom, poor service. Told to open window if I was too warm. Carpets worn and dirty. Was uncomfortable touching bedspread. Showering was terrible....temperature unexpectedly jumped from really hot to really cold. Other guest had shower head come off while showering.	
Nov 8 2009 	Good location and thats it!!	O.kay, were to begin? the lobby is great. NIce and big and clean and welcoming. Staff were average. Smiled but only because they knew they had to.They werent rude, but they also werent friendly enough. This is where the good part stops. The rooms are tiny!!! I went with my partner and we could barely fit through the hallway together at the same time. And no, were not large people either. There was an extremely loud and annoying airconditioner that wouldnt shutup and you couldn't switch off!!! Beds were uncomfortable and the room smelt...well..yuk I guess. The bathroom. OMG!! Small, the lighting barely gave you enough space to see an arms length in front, and it wasnt even cleaned properly.The good thing about it is, it's location.You are about a 10min walk to Times Square and maybe 15mins to Central Park.If you don't know how big and busy New York is, then thats a good thing believe me.Look if you just want a place to stay close to your tourist attractions then its great,if not, don't bother. We didnt bother complaining about anything, but we met one guy from NZ who did and he got moved to a better room.Overall, great location for an over priced and very average hotel.	
Nov 8 2009	Great location helpful staff would go back again.	Went to the Wellington Hotel over 4th of July. The hotel has some age to it, but is clean overall. Rooms are smaller, but comparable to other hotels in NYC. Staff is nice and helpful. Great location, near all the hot spots in Manhattan. Would go back again.	
Nov 6 2009 	great location	the wellington is in a brilliant location and , if you can get a good deal it's even better.right opposite the park central hotel and also the Carnegie Hall.walking distance from the Moma,columbus circle and time square.for a 1st time in new york ,we had a 22 floor bedroom with a view on 57th and 6th avenue.brilliant.small room but nice and clean.fabulous shower.if you got any probels the staff are very efficient and sort you out in a minute.	
Nov 5 2009 	Aged Like A Fine Wine With Kinda Slow Elevators	We spent two nights at The Wellington and can say that you won't get a first-class room but will get a great location if visiting Central Park and Times Square is on the agenda. The room was old - very old - but our room faced 7th Ave. and gave us a nice view of the area. Nice TV, very nice updated (but small) bathroom but very old room. Ask for a room away from the elevators and something relatively low if you don't want to have problems waiting on elevators. You'll have great access to the subway right outside the hotel and great bellhops. Very friendly staff and ready to actually help travelers. Would we stay again? If the price was right.	
Nov 5 2009 	wonderfull	i stayed in the wellington with my husband to celebrate our silver wedding anniversary, and after reading the reviews was wondering if we had made a mistake but from the moment we arrived we were pleasantly surprised. we couldn't fault the service or the room. yes the hotel is a little dated but that just added to the experience. we going back to nyc next year with our sons and wouldn't stay anywhere else.	
Nov 1 2009 	Basic no frills but OK	We stayed at the Wellington for two nights in late October. Due to an overbooking problem we were upgraded to a more deluxe room for this property - with a king size bed and a slight view of Carnegie Hall accross the street. Our room was spacious enough and bed was fairly comfortable. Room temperature controls did not seem to be connected to the heating/air condiitioning units and the room temperature seemed to fluctuate at its own will. The Wellington is in a very convenient location close to many famous sights. I would describe the hotel as well used as expected for such a centrally and convenient location. One front desk employee was especially helpful and efficient and another front desk staff was pleasant but seemingly overwhelmed and a bit bewildered. Overall however the service was satisfactory. The room rate was a good bargain for a Mid-town property. We will consider staying here again.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great Location!	This hotel is in a very central position - just a few blocks from Times Square &amp; only a couple from Central park. The room we had was very roomy with a seperate bedroom as there was 4 of us staying. Expected to get a sofa bed but there was another double bed in the lounge area as well as a sofa. As we had a small kitchen area we expected to be provided with cutlery, dishes etc but none were available so had to go buy a souvenir mug for a cup of tea. Not a big deal but a bit annoying the first night. Staff were very helpful in suggesting a good restaurant for a birthday celebration &amp; booking for us. Will definitely stay here again - very good value in the heart of New York!	
Oct 30 2009 	Pleasent hotel and great location.	After reading reviews about this hotel i was a bit unsure of what to expect. I have to say that all came to an end when i entered the building. The hotel is clean,tidy and ok the decor might be out dated but who cares about that. The receptionist`s were nice and friendly and the room was ideal for me and my wife. It was clean and the bathroom had a great shower. The hotel is situated in a great location withinn walking distance of times square and central park. I will stay again at this hotel.	
Oct 28 2009 	basic good location	This hotel is a no frills one as a good cafe for breakfast ,rooms where very small even for two people not that clean either .but the location was spot on right across the road central park ten minutes walk and your slap bang in time square.	
Oct 27 2009 	worth every penny	we stayed here in september 09 for 5 nights, we had the best holiday every the location of the hotel is great a few mintues walk from central park and times square what more could you want. the hotel its self was lovely and very clean although our room was small but you get what you pay for and at the end of the day all you'll do is sleep in it as you'll always be out. plenty of eating places when you step out of the hotel. im very glad we stayed here we are planning another trip back next year and will be hoping to book this hotel agan.	
Oct 25 2009 	Location location location	This hotel is all about the location, close to some of Manhattan's main attractions, Central Park, Broadway, Time Square, etc. We would also recommend the Park Cafe, which is connected to the hotel. The food is great and the service is excellent. As for the Hotel, when you go past the lobby it all becomes a bit tired looking. Hallways and our room were shabby, and in definite need of a makeover ( not what you expect when you are paying $200 per night, even taking the excellent location into account). Photos of the guestrooms on their website were certainly not accurate in comparison to the standard of our accomodation. Would definately recommend this hotel for location but not for value for money.	
Oct 24 2009 	old but close to central park broadway 	Altough we had a room in the (really really) old section of the hotel, we were lucky that we got a large suite. The rooms were dark, but as you're in New York we didn't mind to much. Daylight couldn't come in, but neither did any other light :)	
Oct 23 2009 	What I Was Afraid Of	Read several mixed reviews on this hotel. Some people got larger, recently remodeled rooms and were happy. Others got what I got. An older, outdated room that was small enough to fit in your suitcase. The hotel staff on the whole was helpful and friendly. However, when we complained about the room we were told that we paid for a standard room and this is what you get, a small outdated room. It was warm the week we were in New York and there is no air conditioning. We had to sleep with the windows open and listen to the horns, sirens and garbage trucks all night not to mention some of the smells. Only 1 bed in the room and that was a small, standard size bed. Fortunately we were only there for 3 days. Like others have said, the best part of this hotel is the location. Close to the subway, central park, David Letterman, Rockefeller Center and Time Square. This hotel is considered 2.5 star through most of the travel sites. We got it for a good price but we still overpaid. No way is this a 2.5 star hotel. Don't believe I would stay here again for free. Next trip to NY will pay the extra money and stay in a more upscale hotel.	
Oct 23 2009 	The worst $400 a night room I've ever stayed in	Stay anywhere else. The front desk was disorganized. The room was tiny, dark, and old. It appeared to have been last furnished in 1951, and resembled an SRO more than a mid town hotel. It felt like Ralph and Alice Kramden's previous apartment. The place seems patched together, with stairs and corridors, odd smells, and faint feel of someone trying to milk a property to death without putting any money into it. I spent an extra $40 to upgrade my room from depressing to bad, at least getting a king bed. And then, instead of staying two nights, I checked out and moved to a Kimpton since my wife was to arrive for the second night, and I didn't want her to be subject to this rat hole.Two clues I should have picked up on. One, when you check in, they hand you a bunch of free NYC tourist brochures. That's because no one who has ever been in NYC before would stay at the place. It's a foreign tourist trap. Second, when I asked if they had a nice room for at the desk, the woman said &quot;Yes... well, you're only staying one night, right?&quot;	
Oct 23 2009 	A great place to stay in New York	The hotel was clean and modern, and the staff were very friendly. It was right in the middle of Time Square, an excellent place to be. In the heart of Broadway theatre district, and central enough to see all the tourist attractions without travelling too far. Highly recommended.	
Oct 21 2009 	Meets minimum requirements	It was convenient and it was the least expensive hotel we could find for a one-night stay mid-week. The furnishings were drab and the pillows anemic. It was step up to the bathroom which could be a safety hazard if you need to use it in the middle of the night. The toilet was so close to the wall that it was hard to get at the toilet paper. But it was clean, the flat screen TV worked fine. No ice bucket. Did not even ask about internet access. We just needed a place to sleep. As the title says, it met our minimum requirements.	
Oct 20 2009 	GOOD BUDGET HOTEL	Myself and 3 friends stayed at the hotel. I think we stayed in a suite but they put a double bed in the living room so we paid less. It was a bit of a squease with 4 girls in there but we had 2 bathrooms, the second being quite small but it did the job &amp; we had a bath in the main bathroom! The beds were made everyday and there was a phone in the room, 2 tv's and a hairdryer (which was a bit slow so take you own but with the voltage difference my own was painfully slow).The staff were eager to please but the lift was a pain as it stopped at every floor on the way down and up! They organised our limo to the airport as one of the waiters new someone and got us a cheap deal.There is a diner under the hotel which serves good food at a good price.The hotel is in an excellent location to Times Square but not too close to hear the noise, about 5 minutes walk.I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel if you are on a budget.	
Oct 16 2009 	TOTAL LET DOWN IN CAPITAL CITY	Stayed at the Wellington Hotel New York for only two nights at the start of the holiday and two nights at the end. We, like others before us were not happy with the overall cleanliness of the hotel. It seems as if it depends on what room you get. We had one on the 21st floor at the start of the holiday and on the 8th floor at the end - both awful. I wrote a review for our travel agents and they have kindly investigated the hotel and say that 125 people have stayed in this hotel 2009 as part of one of their holidays and they have only had one complaint. I find this surprising when I notice all the reviews on the Wellington web site. We certainly would not go there again. The housekeeping has a lot to be desired. Our air conditioning was practically falling off the wall and made a terrible clanking noise once when it was on. We slept with the windows open. The view from the window was appalling and the noise from the street worse. The room itself was shappy and felt unclean. Very small and poky. Bedding looked unclean as if someone had slept in it before hand. The one and only pillow smelt I put a towel over it before I slept. Bathroom so small you hardly had room to move, but cleanish. Considering it was supposed to be a 3* hotel we think we paid over the top. Luckily the rest of our tour was great and all hotels were very good. I was not looking forward to going back to the Wellington for two nights at the end of our tour. Unfortunately, although the location is superb the room size and cleanliness let it down.I would not stay here again nor would I recommend to anyone.	
Oct 13 2009 	FANTASTIC LOCATION SMALL ROOMS BUT CLEAN	Stayed here 26th september for 1 week.Fantastic location.but rooms are small but clean.Staff are so friendly and helpfull.Maid service was exellent nothing was a problem to them.There are so many restaurants to choose from.The seafood bar just across from the hotel serves a great selection of fresh fish.And try Rosie O'gradys just down 7th avenue for super food and of course their GUINNESS.Would have no problem staying at the Wellington again	
Oct 11 2009 	Welllington was amazing	We loved the large room we enjoyed eating at the restaurant, even the little gift shop was perfect, the location is so central to everything in the city from Carnegie Deli across the street to Central Park the subway and great bars and restaurants. We also really liked the art deco lobby and fireplace.	
Oct 10 2009 	Good value for a decent hotel	This hotel is in a great location-basically right across the street from Carnegie Deli and Stage Deli, three blocks from Times Square, about 5 blocks from MoMA, close to lots of resturants and bars, and right next to a subway station. Not the nicest hotel in terms of how the rooms have been updated (at least the one we stayed in-our friends has a nicer room) so you shouldn't chose this hotel if you want a fancy place to stay. But it definitely is clean, safe, and in decent shape. We were looking for a place with a good location that was economical and that is exactly what we got. Some of the reviews on here scared me that the hotel was dirty or dangerous, but I was happy to discover that was not the case at all. It is an older hotel but that is not necessarily a bad thing. As far as size of the rooms, I have stayed at two other hotels in the same general area and this room was of comparable size (or bigger actually when compared to The Times Hotel). Hotel rooms in this area are on the small side. The rooms at The Wellington are small but expectedly so and not cramped or uncomfortable. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful for the most part. Our friends even got a free upgrade when they were checking in. Overall, if you are looking for a decent hotel with a great location and a reasonable price, this place fits the bill.	
Oct 9 2009 	Good Location and Satisfactory Hotel	This hotel is in an excellent location, midway between Times Square and Central Park, with a Subway station immediately outside the door, All the reviews agree on location. I didn't find any problem at all with cleanliness, room size (for New York!) or service.	
Oct 9 2009 	Location location location!!	My husband and I stayed at the Wellington hotel in May this year for 4 nights. We had a standard king room, which had a view of office workers in the building next door. We werent too fussed about that but asked if there was another room available anyway with a better view, and we were moved to another room the next day with a better view which was great. The hotel and rooms are pretty old, nothing fancy, but we were comfortable enough. The concierge were very helpful. The location is fantastic, on 7th Avenue between Central Park and Times Square.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location great value for money	Great location - minutes from Times Sq, Central Park, and yards from a Subway stop. Would definitely recommend it to a friend	
Oct 8 2009 	adequate and average	This hotel was perfectly fine because we needed to accomodate 4 people in a suite. The rooms are out-dated and not very clean. The carpet should have replaced years ago. The floors also have soft spots in them. The lobby is the best looking room in the hotel. If you are looking for an old, great location, budget conscious place to stay, it is adequate and good enough.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location!	We spent 4 nights at the Wellington hotel. We had a room with a view of Cantral Park and Times Square, they upgraded us which was nice. It's a bit expensive, but worth it. We had a fridge and a microwave in our room. The bathroom was very small, but our room was big enough. We had a couch. It was a very nice hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	It was an okay experience minor dings.	When I arrived to the hotel, I checked in without incident. It went fairly smooth. My room was towards the back of the hotel, I hated the view. The room itself was very spacious, queen size bed, good size bathroom, and closet. The bathroom faucet for the hot water was broken. The toilet stand was chipped and the thermostat would not work, at least I couldn't figure out how to turn the air down. Outside of those few things, it was a decent place. As I said my room was very spacious and I had loads of room.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great location lousy hotel	Small old dirty rooms with small old dirty beds. Bathroom ridiculously small, shower head didn't work and shower curtain let water all over the floor. Rated 3 stars, but not even close. Housekeeping didn't even empty trash cans.	
Oct 7 2009 	Fantastic location.	We had four nights in this hotel. Our first visit to the USA. When we arrived we were immediately given an upgrade to a suite at no extra cost , nor had we requested it!. The accommodation was marvellous. Huge lounge, bedroom with two double beds, good bathroom with brilliant shower and a small kitchen area with fridge, sink ,kettle ,coffee pot and two electric rings, TV in both rooms.All the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful and the location couldn't be better. Next door to Carnegie Hall, a Subway station just outside the hotel, Central park 3 minutes walk, Times Square 5 minutes walk and MoMA about 10 minutes walk, to name only a few.We were ripped of by a bogus so called 'Shuttle' coming from JFK and the staff were extra helpful in making sure we got the proper' Shuttle' bus going back to JFK.We had a wonderful time and packed in a huge amount, but the accommodation was the icing on the cake.	
Oct 6 2009 	What a location!!	For the money you will not find a better location.... two streets from central park and a 5 minute walk from times square and broadway. Hotel featured in the movie Borat. It was our honeymoon and they gave us a free upgrade to the queen suite which was a corner room which meant views were better than a bog standard room. Room was clean with big flat screen tv!! Cant beat the central location.	
Oct 4 2009 	Lovely Art Deco Lobby rest of Hotel Poor !	The one sentence says it all . rooms old fashioned and in need of update .Not that cheap ! Lobby and location are only good features .	
Oct 3 2009 	Excellent	have never written a review on Hotels I have stayed in - but keep thinking about the great time we had in New York which was enhanhanced by the the accomdation we had. I can only give the Wellingoton 10 ot 10. The location was excellent close to Central Park and the Theatres on Broad way. The service was excellent and priced very reasonably for it's loction.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great location great value and would stay again!	After months of looking at all the accommodation choices and reviews for hotels in New York we ended up selecting The Wellington. We knew that at the end of the day you are taking a punt so it was a huge relief as we walked into our room and that it was everything it promised. The location was ideal- close to the shows, shopping, Central Park. It was our first trip to New York and we only had a week to cram as much into it as possible - the fact that we were so centrally located meant we could do more as our travel time was reduced. We would certainly stay there again!	
Sep 30 2009 	Be warned - this is a very poor hotel	My wife and I have just come back from a 5-night stay in New York – the first night of which was spent at The Wellington.New York hotels are expensive, but for $399 per night, my expectations were somewhat higher than the stay provided by The Wellington. In terms of value for money and calibre of accommodation, The Wellington is simply the worst hotel I’ve ever visited. My comments are consistent with other recent reviews. Our fourth floor room was extremely depressing: small, with tired, out-of-date décor, poor furniture (notably a very small double bed) and with none of the standard facilities that you come to expect in most average modern hotels (for example, coffee/tea making facilities). There was, however, an iron provided in the room – a minor upside.The room had air conditioning, but not of a sophisticated nature. The window had been nailed open, and the AC unit was simply jammed into the open part of the window, with thin plastic boards either side (to close the room off from the elements). The upshot of this arrangement was that there was no noise protection from the streets below. Police sirens, garbage trucks, late night revellers – all of these and more meant that sleep was impossible to achieve.The only revealing characteristic to the hotel is its location – right on 7th Avenue and near to Central Park. There are many better hotels in New York that are similarly priced. We stayed in the Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers for the following four nights, which was much, much better.Reading other reviews for this hotel, it would seem that if you get a suite, you’re OK. If you don’t, then pack your earplugs and spend even more time in the great bars, restaurants et al that New York has to offer.	
Sep 29 2009 	Horribledated 	I have often wondered why reviews vary widely, I have realized that it all depends on which room you end up with. Beware rooms 540 &amp; 541. Tiny, dated, grubby, my husband is 5ft 10 and his feet were nearly hanging over the end of the bed. No drink facilities in room, not even a glass for water although I don't know I would risk it from ancient taps. Room on main street, police sirens and fire engines woke me at least hourly, no air conditioning and hairdryer rusted and clogged with dust. Booked through ebookers and told them it was for special occassion (husband's 50th), bitterly disappointed. I wanted a clean, comfortable room to relax in after a day's sightseeing and enjoy a nice cup of tea on waking. I notice the favourable reviews for this hotel are for suites or updated rooms. The location of the Hotel was good but there are plenty of alternatives in the area.	
Sep 28 2009 	never ever again	got wrong room,requested smoking,got that sorted.room was awful,poky run down,pubic hair on pillow,sheets had hairs from last guest..yack.. needless to say a dump	
Sep 28 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	I stayed in this hotel the weekend of Sept 25 and the experience was amaizing. I normally stay in much pricier hotels like the Hilton and Marriott but got a fantastic rate on Orbitz of $250.00 for a one bedroom suite that was magnificient. The livingroom of the suite was huge when compared to New York standards, the kitchen very well equiped and the main room was very big also with a very comfortable bed, bathroom was ok also.	
Sep 27 2009 	Never again	The UN conference made hotel rooms in NY very difficult to come by at short notice, so this is not somewhere I would stay normally. The staff on arrival were civil enough but it is difficult to commend anything else. My room was poky and dark, the aircon noisy and not very effective, no bedside lamp (or even table). The cleanliness was questionable. Had I spent more time there it would have been pretty depressing. The room rate was over $400 per night. Not somewhere I would stay again or can recommend.	
Sep 24 2009 	Shameful	I am a 50+ year old business traveller, former New Yorker and have stayed at many different New York City hotels. I have never previously been moved to write a review. Our office manager arranged for me tostay at this hoel thrugh Expedia during a week that the Presedent was in town and there was very limited avilibity in new York. Our Expedia rate was somewhere over $300 per night. The room was perhaps 10' by 12', the bathroom had not tub and the shower was babout 3' by 3'; the rest of the bathroom was about 6'by 3' at most, and frankly was a little too small to close the door comfortably - and I am not a large person. The bed was a very small standard sized bed that was no more than 6' in length. I cannot say the room was dirty but it was certainly very old and shabby and had more of a feel of an old run down rooming house than a hotel. The only aminity in the room was a tv and a ironing board and iron. There were hols in the closet and I fullly expect that something would crawl out at any time from the baseboard, the gaps in the door o the holes in the closet wall - happily that did not occur. Many of the guest appeared to be foreign visitors from Europe.This hotel is a dump. It is shameful that my compnay was chaged the rate it paied for this stay. This is a one star hotel that you should onlhy consider staying at for much less than I paid and realy only if there is nothing better available at the price. Fortunitely, I was just here aonle on business. If you are planning to stay here for a special occasion, you may end up very disappointed and angry.	
Sep 21 2009 	Amazing hotel that I will always use in NYC	My daughter and I stayed here for one week; everything was great from being met at curbside with help with our bags to our room upgrade. Location was excellent to everything and the coffee shop and gift shop attached were perfect. I will stay here again.	
Sep 21 2009	For prime location on a budget can't be beaten	My daughter and I stayed at this hotel for four nights, and if you want to be in the theatre district but not spend a fortune this hotel cannot be rivalled. However our room was quite shabby, although clean, and the air conditioning was VERY welcome although noisy (had to turn it off overnight). Although it was very near Times Square and Central Park, the cafes and restaurants nearby tended to be a little pricey. For evenings out, next time I would prefer to stay nearer Lower Manhattan, within easy reach of Soho, Little Italy etc.	
Sep 10 2009 	Highly recommendable	Highly recommendableIf expecting nice furniture and Nancy bedroom, certainly don’t go to Wellington, as the decoration is pretty old. However, the service is perfect and nice, location is amazing (subway station right at the door, literally; Times Square, Central Park and 5th Ave at about 3-4 minutes walking distance) and cleaning is perfect (everyday, changing linens and towels, bathroom cleaning, restoring bath supplies). Breakfast is not included (as most hotels I’ve stayed in the US) but the Park Café right at the Hotel is a wonderful place for eating anytime. While it’s always packed with people, the service is good and fast and food is delicious). For tourists spending most of their time visiting the city is a perfect location. We stayed for 5 days and I would definitely come back.	
Sep 9 2009 	Good value- ideal position.	I had read many mixed reviews on this hotel ranging from excellent to awful so I went with an open mind. I was told that I had a recently renovated room. It was much smaller than rooms in the rest of the USA and the view was of another wall! Decoration was tired but nonetheless it was very clean and the bed comfortable. The bathroom was tiny but had been newly refurbished. At the end of the day the room served its purpose as somewhere clean and comfortable to spend the night. Staff were helpful. The hotel's position was fantastic being less than 5 minutes from Central Park but also within easy walking distance of the Rockefeller Centre and Times Square. The subway station was literally outside the door. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to friends.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great location and excellent service	We stayed in the Wellington last year and are booking again to go back in December.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great location average hotel	We stayed for 4 nights in September - had a 1 bedroom suite with our 2 teenagers.Great location - subway outside front door, close to Times Square and Central Park.Our room viewed the other buildings and our teenagers viewed the main street. Not a big deal - it's NYC - if you're at the back of the building, you view another building - unless you are on the top floors.Kitchenette was over-rated - you get a fridge and stove top - no microwave, cutlery, pots, dishes - plan to eat out. We ate at Fluffy's and a small restaurant on 56 Street - good prices, nice people.Close to Central Park - rented bikes for 2 hours and rode around Park and along the Hudson River - really interesting.Close to Times Square - went to see Lion King and In the Heights - both great showsEnjoyed meeting JUDD the BellHop - was on Survivor and will tell you all about it.	
Sep 5 2009 	Great Location bad rooms 	Stayed for 4 nights in July.The only thing that is good about this hotel is the location, a 2-3 minutes away from central park, very close to times square as well as right next to a subway station. The room however was quite disappointing. It was very small and there was very little space to keep luggage. The room was very claustrophobic, in the room there were many stains on the carpet as well as little balls of hair on the carpet. The view through the window was an another building and there was building work going on there so in the morning all you could hear was the building work starting. However apart from the room, the location of the hotel is great and you get the pure essance of New York City.	
Sep 4 2009 	Great Location which made up for the small and quite dark room!	Myself and parter stayed her sun 30th aug until sep 3, we were greeted by lovely guy on the door, prompt efficieny check in, clean reception area with internet access, bar/restarant and three main lifts so it was a good start. We stayed on the 14th floor non smoking. our room was small and very dark, and i mean very dark! Our view was an alley! not the avenue as we asked for but we made best of it as we didnt plan on spending too much time in the room!! It had an iron and was cleaned daily, towels replaced etc, clean and ok decor considering its old fashioned enough.I really enjoyed our stay there, the location is AMAZING, its seconds from central park, two mins walk from broadway....fifth avenue is almost behind....perfect.All in all, it was reasonable price with superb location...only negative was small dark room but we got over that fairly quick! very comfy bed too!	
Sep 3 2009 	Great service location price...the whole package.	Wellington is a great Hotel for the average traveller on a budget. We got our rooms for about $120 a night but 8 weeks in advance. The Hotel service is amazing. The location is 4 blocks from Central park and 8 blocks from Times Square. We loved the hotel and the service. Parking is $35 per 24 hours. When i go back to NYC I will stay in this Hotel again. If you need a 5 star Hotel like Donald Trump, this is not for you.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great Location......Good Hotel	The hotel and staff are brilliant. Could not say a bad thing about either.The location was brilliiant and was ideal for the subway and other means of transport. A 5 minute walk from Central Park and the same in the other direction to Times Square. Our room was small, but very comfortable. It was cleaned every day to high standard! Liked everything about this hotel and New York is definetly a place to visit!	
Aug 30 2009 	great hotel fantastic location	Location:Hotel is located on the 7th ave with 55st in the heart of Manhattan, few block away from Times Square and Central Park (5-10min walking).Hotel: our room was on the highest floor 27th, number 2742 with the view on Central Park which was really nice. Room was big with balcony, bathroom very clean and comfy bed, Tv, iron, iron desk, hairdryer..i.e Only one minus was that there is no fridge in the room which is very needed during the summer when is so hot there.There are 3 lifts and there is no problem at all to get one..especially when we were on the 27th floor..we never had problem with it.There is internet cafe, gift shop(they give u all advice about New York u need), restaurant and cafe.U can get safe for free at the reception desk which is very handy cos u dont need to carry ur passports and money with u all the time.Service is perfect, staff - very nice people, u can leave ur baggage at the hotel if u have flight late afternoon and they keep it in the second floor in the special room.Few tips:We used every day for breakfast Fluffy's Cafe is on the 7th ave one block away, very good prices and lovely food and nice people there and for the dinner different restaurants (there are 100s) but the best one was John's Pizza on the number 260 44th st for pepperoni we paid 15 and it was small one but very big...its New York we talking about so meal portions are huge there..lolLast thing its very good to buy 2days plus 1free tour bus for 86dollars from citysights NY there is web http://www.citysightsny.com/ and u can save loads money. Its really good attraction. Go to the web and check it whats included.Overall:There is nothing worse than bad hotel when u go on hols but with Wellington u wont get that its definitely worth 5stars in general (even if we only slept there, we didnt spend much time only for sleeping, we had really great time in this hotel) and New York is something else!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 27 2009 	Amazing value	I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel after a couple of frustrating stays in Manhattan hotels. I booked the hotel for the combination of price, location and free wirless access not expecting much in terms of service and room quality but I definitely got more than what I paid for. The hotel is right next to a subway stop and 2 blocks from another one. Those two stations will take you anywhere you need to go. It's four blocks from Times Square and four blocks from Central Park but it is nonetheless on a surprisingly quiet block. My room overlooked 7th Avenue and had no noise issues. My room was small but I was staying by myself. Don't know how much bigger other rooms are. Might want to look into that if you're traveling with someone else. My room would have definitely been claustrophobic for more than 1 person but it was perfect for me.	
Aug 26 2009 	Fab location wonderful views!	I travelled to New York last May and booked into the Wellinton with no trouble at all. The room was on the 25th floor and overlooked Central Park. Despite being on my own I had 2 doble beds 2 TVs and 2 shower rooms to choose from. The rooms were clean but decor a little dated for my taste. On the ground floor there was a cafe where I ate breakfast and dinner each day and was exellent. Staff were helpful, but the Greek restaurant was expensive. Staff assisted me with booking return bus to JFK in the gift shop. The hotel is next to Carnegie Hall, so slap bang in the middle of NY. Avoid camera shops near by. There are several and they give you the Big Sell! (Not connected with hotel).	
Aug 25 2009	Excellent	My stay at the Wellington was very welcoming, when we arrived we went to our room and wasn't to happy about the view but we asked if we could change and they had no problem with that, the room we were giving had a view looking over central park it was amazing. The hotel is in a perfect location, next to Times Sqaure, Central Park Rockafellers all in great walking distance, the tours buses are a two minute walk down the block, plenty of restaurants. The room was there for us to sleep, When You visit NY you won't have time to sit in your room, there is way too much to see. Overall A*	
Aug 24 2009 	Great location and pretty good price	We stayed at the Wellington for a week and we had a signficant sized room for New York City. We had asked for two double beds, but got a large room with a twin bed and one double bed, so I figure in exchange for the the other double we got way more space than expected. The staff was very friendly and helpful, recommending restaurants, clubs, and transportation services. I wouldn't suggest the restaurant downstairs though. A few down sides were that there was no thermostat to control the AC in our room, the hallway was incredibly stuffy, one of the elevators was scary, and there was no ice machine on our floor, though you could get an ice bucket downstairs for free. Upside: your less than 2 blocks away from Central park, about 5 blocks away from Times Square, and you step right outside the door and there's the subway to take you anywhere you want to go. The location was superb and overall, I'd stay here again.	
Aug 22 2009 	Not bad but expexcted more with the room size	Not bad, awesome location. Nice decor in the reception and corridors. Rooms are small though and bathrooms are a little dated although...they both did the job by far. guys, this is prime NY and all you hear is honking of the horns whilst you sleep but hey.. its NY and its all part of the fun. Look, clean towels and TV . It was OK. Watch out for the cheeky bell men who insist they take your suitcase to your room on a trolley (especially when youve managed it up untill then) then hang around for a tip and youve no change, and when you have just had a long flight, caught a cab who drives off with your change and most of all you are tired! Watch out for them.Stace	
Aug 21 2009 	Good Location 	The hotel is blocks away from Times Square and close train. It is an older hotel but its price and location out weigh any unnecessary amenities of a more updated and costly hotel. It is perfect for sleeping which is the only thing you should do in a great city such as NY.	
Aug 21 2009 	New York City Extravaganza	This hotel was the most centrally located anyone could ever ask for. It was right in the mist of everything, everywhere for everybody. The room was great, clean, not large but very accommondating. The price was excellent. The air conditioner was great too. No problems with this hotel at all. I would highly recommend it for anyone wanting to sight see in New York. It was close to the subway. Close to the bus tours. Just a wonderful location. When we come back we will surely try to get a room here again, we feel like it is the best.Thanks again for the facility and we would definitely recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great Location Great Value for you Money	It's greatly located in NY if you are going as a tourist. Just blocks away from Central PArk and Times Square!Rooms are really small, but comfortable and clean.As I just went back to the hotel for sleeping after all day walikng and visiting it's a great place.I think it's a very good price-quality relation.I strongly recommend it, if you don't have high expectation of the hotel, and just want a good place to arrive at nights.I booked it through Internet by their webpage and everything worked out fine.	
Aug 19 2009 	Complaining might help you here	We had read about this hotel on trip advisor and chose it because of the location mainly. We booked a room through internet with a price that guaranteed 3 beds. When we got there the room was not ready (past their stated check in time). They said they didn't have the room we booked and they upgraded us to a suite. Finally they gave us the room and it was a dump. A drying machine was standing right inside the bedroom turned on and with an open window... Everything was falling apart including the walls and the roof! The bathroom and shower was not clean and the water made an awful sound when it ran in the shower. It was horrible. Also we had two beds instead of 3 and we had a terrible bedsofa with a thin matress. The sheets were stained and there were dead insects on them! It was awful and no matter how tolerent we are, this was just a bit too much. I went down and complained about the sheets. The girl in the reception told me: we don't iron the sheets here so it's normal if they are wrinkled! I said they are stained and they sent someone and changed the sheets. Also i went down and complained that this is NOT an upgrade and that we paid for 3 beds and not for 2. After this they said they will change our room the next day. The next day the other person who was there had not heard about this but i explained everything and we took our stuff from the room. In the evening when we returned, they gave us a desent room with 3 queen beds. This room was cleaner and the bathroom was clean and the room was in a fairly good shape. I would say this hotel is not really worth it but if you stay here you just have to be prepared to complain and maybe have a little luck to finally meet someone who cares cause most of them don't. I heard a lot of people at the front desk saying their room was trashed! My rating is based on the fact that the next room we got was good otherwise the experience of coming to the first room after a long flight was awful!	
Aug 19 2009 	Quality location and service	Just returned from a 5 day stay at the Wellington which we used to discover the city of NYC, and what an excellent location this really is - in-between central park and times square with sights like the Rockefeller, apple store etc etc etc all really on you door step. I really can't fault this hotel and would advise anyone to book and ignore the stupid bad reviews that are obviously made by overly fussy people, the hotel is comfortable and the rooms are what you would expect from any hotel, the rooms are on the small size but in New York if you intending on spending loads of time in the room just don't bother going in the first place, plus from talking to newyorkers they advised me that you can pay up to an hundred dollars more for a different hotel and will be granted about ten inch extra space.One main point of reference to make is that the subway is right outside the hotel and will take you most places in the city with minimum fuss or even need to change trains, but also try to use the side streets to eat and don't eat anywhere near times square or on Broadway - expensive and really not worth the money	
Aug 18 2009 	Great location and Value	This is obviously and older hotel and shabby in some aspects, but we just returned from a two nite stay in a 1 bed suite with our two kids. The hotel is in a great location, near times square, subway, theatres, etc. The suite was much bigger than I thought. The kids slept on the pull out and we had the bedroom to ourselves. Both rooms had TVs. Very comfy and clean. Elevator was very small and some areas a bit musty. But, again, a great value.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great location and great price	Stayed for 4 nights in May 2009.Location was perfect - walking distance to Times Square and Central Park. Hotel was one of the cheapest we could find at the time, as New York is so Expensive. We were really impressed as we didn't have high expectations.The room was a good size and clean, view was onto the side street, but that didnt matter as you are sightseeing all day long!!! We were hardly in the room to spend looking out the window.Overall - great hotel and great location!!! only one minor fault - there are only 4 lifts and its a big hotel, so therefore sometimes had to wait some time to get a lift!! Not the end of the world, but it's annoying when you are waiting on one!	
Aug 17 2009 	Location and relative comfort	Stayed here in may 09 and was pleased with the hotel. it is easy to reach on the subway network from the airport and is right next door to one of the stops.The rooms weren't as small as I thought they would be given previous reviews. You can't do much but sleep, shower and change but what more do you want from a city room?Bathroom was clean and all the facilities were fine. There was a flat screen tv in the room with a good range of channels.Beds were fairly comfortable and there was enough space to store clothes etc.It's a shame the hotel doesn't have a breakfast facility but there are lots of places to grab a bite nearby - I recomend Lindys.The staff were helpful, especially the porters who were happy to lock our bags away while we waited for our flight home and arranged private car hire for the journey.The noise in the room was not very good though, the constant beeping of cars on the roads below tended to penetrate even a closed window.Everything you would want to see in Manhatten is either within walking distance or can be easily reached by hopping on the subway next to the hotel.I would stay here again as the great value and location of the room outweighs any of the negative niggles.	
Aug 16 2009 	---- in the form of a hotel!	This was the first night of our trip which was booked as part of a tour. We arrived quite late having flown from Chicago, so wanted to get checked in - easier said than done! They had no idea which group we were joining - so kept sending us of to different people who had no idea what we were talking about. When we finally got a room we wanted to cry as it was just horrible! The first thing you noticed as you got out of the lift was the smell, smoke filled the corridors. We managed to find our room even though there were no signs, as the room smelt like an ash-tray, we called down to reception to ask for a non-smoking room we were then informed it was a non-smoking room! They did send a maid up to spray air freshner - but nearly chocked on the sheer amount. There were some facilities eg. microwave, fridge and 2 mugs that you would never dream of drinking anything out of! as for the bathroom it was filthy, you would have to have another shower after using the towels! No-one in there right mind would of taken there shoes off either unless you wanted to stick to the carpet!! we thought that we would just go to bed as we had to get up early in the morning .. easier said than done .. every time you moved the smell of smoke came out of the bedding! We were suposed to return to this same hotel on the last night of our tour, so went to reception to see if we could pay more to be upgraded to another room, they were rude and unhelpful, and not prepared to do a thing. Lucky we managed to get booked into the Essex House hotel round the corner, as we could not have faced another night in this ---- hole. Totally disgusting, if anyone is thinking of going there please do not waste your money on this hotel when you can get something a lot better for not much more.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great Location...!!	Excellent location, just steps from the subway, very central. I read many reviews before I left and was unsure because of the negative reviews, I was pleased when I got there and saw the room I was given. The hotel is an older hotel and it is to be expected that there will be some wear and tear. It is an older building but, this is New York, if you want to stay in a newer building then expect to pay the price for it. I believe that I received great value for my money. The room was clean and the staff was polite. My friend and I were upgraded to a suite on the 15th floor overlooking 7th avenue. If I leaned out the window, I could see central park a couple of blocks to the right, and you could see Times Square in the other direction. It was convenient to be right beside the subway. The restaurant attached to the hotel wasn't anything to write home about, my friend had breakfast there a couple of mornings. We had salads and sandwiches just down the road at 'Fluffy's', great prices and great quick food.	
Aug 13 2009 	Perfect location and good value for your money	Good value for your money (our room was kind of small) but most important perfect location. Within short walking distance to all that's important on a vacation trip: information office, subway, Time Square, Central Park, shopping and restaurants. Good service. Would stay there again without any doubts. Will definitely recommend to friends.	
Aug 9 2009 	Clean hotel in great location	I had read the bad reviews and decided to give the wellington a try for our nyc trip from august 4-7. I booked a suite for my family (2 adults and a child). I can see if I didn't book the suite (2 separate rooms with a bathroom and a little fridge), then, the one room would have been small. So, I recommend the suite (it was 195 for first 2 nights, and 205 for third night plus tax). I was afraid from other reviews regarding the size of the bathrooms, but ours (room 122) was fine, and the shower was a nice size. The whole suite was very clean, and I had no issues with cleanliness, which is the first priority when I look at a hotel room. The a/c worked great to keep the rooms cool. We ordered breakfast from room service, and it was literally there in 10-15 minutes--very good. Walking distance to everything--great directions from the concierge on how to take metro to ferry for statue of liberty/ellis island visit. Front desk not overly enthusiastic--busy hotel so maybe that's why they are (for lack of a better word)--'dudlike'--but other than that--it was a good stay -- keep in mind it is an old building--but clean--and in a perfect location at a good price...	
Aug 4 2009 	Amazing Birthday Trip	Stayed at The Wellington and it was amazing, New York is amazing.The hotel was great, really nice, comfortable and service was great.It is a massive hotel in a great location, close to Broadway and Central Park.I would defenatly stay there again.	
Aug 3 2009 	Fantastic location hotel to explore.	If you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel in the heart of New York then this is it!!!1st time to America not sure what we were expecting, 4 friend and partners went last September. We had the most amazing time. We prebooked a couple of things to do in New York before we went, highly recommend the brunch boat trip, it takes you around New york stunning best views.the hotel was a couple of minutes away from Broadway, Times Square, Central Park and 5th Ave!!! Brilliant. It isn't a luxury hotel but it was really used as a pitstop to sleep and change! Would highly recommend this hotel and will probably return!	
Aug 2 2009 	Great location - need updating but clean	* Good hotel, but need updating. It's old fashioned* Great location* Good shower and clean bathroom* Friendly staff* Good air con* Bad Internt connection * Busy hotel	
Aug 1 2009 	Great value for the location and hospitality. Facilities are dated.	Our stay for 8 nights at the end of July 2009 was accommodated with a bigger suite than originally booked. The first night we arrived they were overbooked and we were moved to a 5-star hotel around the corner. This sure took the bloom off the Wellington rose when we were given the key to our room. We ended up with a two bedroom and kitchenette on the fourth floor. The blinds were down the whole time, due to the proximity or our neighbours in other hotel rooms and the adjacent office building. The staff are incredibly accommodating. The facilities are dated, but, who spends their time in the hotel when they are close to so many sites in NYC? The subway was right outside the door, and during the rainy week we stayed remarkable dry, due to the connectivity of the transportation system.I would return to this facility due to the location and price.	
Jul 26 2009 	this was the hotel from hell	The bathroom was disgraceful and the room very small. The heating did not work and kept cutting out. There were 3 lifts in the hotel when we arrived and the following morning only 1 was working. I have never stayed in such a horrible hotel. The staff were very unpleasant and unhelpful. The room was so cold we went to sleep in our clothes we travelled in. On inspection of our room we asked for another room. We were shown another room which was not much better except the wallpaper was not hanging off the wall and the carpets were not as dirty. We requested another room and were offered a room with a king sized bed for an extra charge. We felt that the room did not warrant an extra charge and reluctantly accepted the second room. We checked out of the hotel the next morning as we were disgusted with the hotel and the staff and booked a flight home. We had to walk down the stairs with our suitcases as there was only 1 lift working which was keep going up and down full. I will never go back to this hotel again	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Location	Stayed at the Wellington for 3 nights starting 29th April. Went away with my sister and some friends. My sister and I stayed at the Wellington, whislt our friends stayed in a hotel down the road.The Wellington is a very basic hotel. Decor needs updating. Corridors resemble a prison! On a plus, it was clean. When we booked in we discovered they must have over booked as we were offered a smoking suite instead of the delux double ( 2 x double beds) we booked. We accepted the suite and were glad we did. It didnt smell smokey at all, no cigarette burns etc. We still had a double bed each with the added bonus of a seperate bedroom each with our own Tv etc. There is a small diner attached to the hotel which we had breakfast in, there is also a nice diner straight opposite.Our friends hotel was undoubtedly nicer than the Wellington, but for what we paid, we were pleased.Located a short walk from Central parkand Times Square.Close to subway stations. We didnt have a problem getting to any of the sights we wanted to see. Happy to answer any questions anyone may have.	
Jul 22 2009 	classic NY hotel great location	The Wellington is a great place to stay in NYC--it's a classic NY hotel with lots of character and charm. Yes, it's small (the rooms and bathrooms are small), but isn't this typical of NYC--space is limited all over the city! For the price, it was a good deal and convenient to many NY attractions. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We did wish there were accessible ice machines and drink machines (we had to go to the restaurant downstairs for sodas, and the bellman brought us ice), but the lack of these added to the hotel's &quot;old charm.&quot; The air conditioner in our room was a bit noisy and seemed to be &quot;straining itself&quot; to work, but the room stayed cool during our visit in the middle of July. A few times, a breaker switch flipped when several things were plugged in at one time (e.g., iron, TV, phone charger), which caused us to lose power, but this was quickly repaired by staff. Water pressure in the shower was great! The lobby was elegant and charming. And the doorman at the entrance added to the classic charm. All in all, for the price and location, it was an excellent place to stay, and we would definitely stay there again in the future. We were only in our room on occasion since there is so much to do in the city, but it added to our overall true New York experience.	
Jul 22 2009	Great Hotel	Loved the Wellington !!! The location of the hotel is wonderful, easy access to the subway &amp; Central Park &amp; Time Square. What more could you ask for... We were traveling to NYC to hit up a Yankee game and just to have fun !!! Upon check-in we were upgraded to a King room which was plenty big, the bed was very nice our A/C worked great and we did not have one issue with noise from other rooms or the outside. The staff was very friendly and helpful, when traveling with 18 people you need someplace that is ideal and we found that to be true with the Wellington. ..The hotel was clean and of 9 rooms we had not one complaint that they were dirty ... The elevators are a bit small &amp; very warm but if that is my only complaint we are doing pretty good. Overall we had a wonderful stay at the Wellington and would stay again. We ate at a few local places near the hotel like Fluffy's &amp; Carneigie Deli, Old Castle, Rays Pizza &amp; Cassidy's and they were all great... We had a great time at Rosie O' Gradys downstairs bar too...and we never go to NYC without a visit to John's Pizza in Time Square it is the best...and for anyone looking for a fun experience go to Hogs &amp; Heifers bar in the meatpacking district and sit back and enjoy...Not for everyone but if you want to have fun take a trip and hang with Kelly and the girls ...They are wonderful...Overall the Wellington met everyone of our needs and I look forward to returning...	
Jul 21 2009 	no! and we didnt	right i will get right down to it, Room was very small could'nt even unpack not enough drawers for our clothes there was 1 set with 3 drawers in them, very worn room from the carpet to the curtains, no tea and coffer maker, one very flat pillow each, did ask for more never got them, also asked about a coffee maker never got that either, the bathroom room, well shower room very worn, you could sit on the loo and brush your teeth at the same time you couldnt shower and get dryed in there with hitting your elbow on something, the towles were hung over the loo so if your not carefull they would fall in, which was not nice, took ages to get any hot water first thing in the morning, the big pipe that ran through the shower room leaked, was rusted in places, over all Very old and worn,location was good and flufferys bakery few doors down is great, we went back few months later, loved NY that much, but we stayed at The westin @times sqaure, price was not really that much more but we had a wonderful stay there.	
Jul 20 2009 	location!	It is all about the location in Manhattan! This was a very convenient base for us to sightsee around with a 2 year old. Everything is just right down the street from Times Square to the left and Central park to the right. Lot of delis on the street are good for breakfast and the sightseeing bus is just across the street. The room itself was a bit worn out, very old fashioned but clean. I would definitely come back and stay here for the price.	
Jul 16 2009 	Good for NY!	Keeping in mind that this is New York.You basically get what you pay for. Yes the room was small, but if your in your room for anything but sleep why go to NY.In my experience the room was fine for the price, the room was also a little tired and the bed was smallish. But the staff were great, the air conditioner struggled a little but not a major concern.Would recommend it to people on a budget.	
Jul 16 2009 	Very Very Small Rooms but great location	This is an older hotel in a great location on 7th Avenue between Central Park and Times Square. You are within walking distance of Broadway plays, 5th Avenue shopping, MoMa, Central Park and subways. The rooms are very very small. We did not get the room we reserved. We reserved a room with 2 queens and were given 2 rooms with twin beds. These rooms with twin beds were unbelievably small and run down. This is not what we expected so we were moved the next day to a suite at the same rate. We were now in a large suite with separate bedroom with a king bed, and a living area with pull out couch, and 1 very small bathroom. I would only recommend this hotel if your only priority is location.	
Jul 16 2009 	Location is the only reason to stay here!	Many here have said to ignore the bad reviews, so I did. I am sorry I ignored the reviews for the great location and the great price. The location was amazing. Very convenient to every NYC attraction. 1 block to Central Park, 3-4 blocks to Times Square. Subway entrance across the street and all that sort of stuff is true! But the down side starts there. They upgraded us to a larger room because the king room they had us in wasn't large enough for a family of 4. We got up to our room at check in time by FORCED bell boy service. The room was from 1940 at best and not in a good way, more like where Stanley lived in &quot;Cat on a Hot Tin Roof&quot;. I think, who cares! We just need a place to plop our heads inbetween all the stuff we were planning. So, it is a huge room for any standards. But, the double bed was sagging to the floor before I sat on it. There is no ice in the building, but you can get some for $5. There is a sink, microwave and sm. fridge in the room, but no ice trays. We did spend most of our time out and about, but we came home at midnight and when I went to get into bed I decided that the sheets had not been changed from the last people to stay there. They were rumpled and there were hairs, it was gross. I was too tired to full so I slept on top of the blankets. My daughter was the only one in what looked like a clean bed. So, I let her stay in the roll away they had put in the room for us. Next day guess what she had? TICKS! This has all been reported to the hotel management who blamed me for sleeping in the room when it looked dirty. They manager said he would get back with me, but never has. My husband also got some sort of contact dermititis. Over all the place is dingy, dirty and unresponsive. Didi I mention the bell boy that brought our stuff to our room that wouldn't answer any questions for us and then grunted at us when he wanted to leave because he wanted a tip! I gave him the standard tip for our bags and he rolled his eyes at me and left the room. I am not a cheap tipper! The shower was wet when we arrived. I don't think it was from being cleaned as it doesn't seem like that has happened in quite some time. Here's the thing, this place could be good. It wouldn't take much to just clean the place up a bit. Not even update, just clean! Then it would be worth it's 2 1/2 star rating. Personally, I would never stay there again and I will be sure to tell my friends and family. It is a 1 star at best! Just better than a boarding house or hostel. Very cheap for the city and there is a reason!	
Jul 13 2009 	Best location ... perfect base for a sightseeing break - don't believe the bad reviews	Hotel is in the best location for all the main sights in New York. 5 minutes max walk to times square, 2 minutes from central park. You can see so much on foot as its all close by. Hotel was perfect. Excellent price for such a central location. Size of the room was fine. My friend and myself had a twin room, plenty of space for two girls in their twentys to get themselves organised! Cleaned everyday with fresh towels. Rooms are basic, but ideal. Somewhere to get showered and a very comfortable sleep. You can hear the traffic a little, but don't think there would be anywhere in New York you wouldn't. If you want a luxury hotel then pay luxury prices. All the staff we encountered were very friendly all the time. You must go to the Carnigie Deli across the road - the best cheesecake in thw world!! If I'm every in New York again would be booking the Wellignton!	
Jul 9 2009 	Guests beware	My husband and I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights last October. It was our first visit to New York and we booked this hotel on the recommendation of a travel agent. We had read the mixed reviews and had requested an upper floor room with a view of Central Park. We got a room on the 11th floor with a view of abrick wall. First impressions were that the room was small and the bathroom was in need of an upgrade. The lift was very small and as you travelled down the lower floors and the doors opened the carpets and decor looked very worn. Thed oormen were very surly and unfriendly, reception staff reasonable. However, all things considered the location is excellent and for that reason we put all the other faults aside. Fluffys' diner on 7th is excellent and we would recommend it. Also the restaurant and bar in the hotel were also good.The big negative for us was what has happened since our stay. We booked this hotel through a travel agent in Britain and paid in cash upfront in the August as we travelled in the October. The agent booked through a second agency based in USA. In March this year (2009) our credit card was debited with the amount for our hotel bill - we were not infromed that this was going to happen. On enquiring it appears that the hotel was not paid by the 2nd agency for our booking. The Wellington did reimburse us immediately that we contacted them but due to the difference inexchange rate we still found ourselves in debit in April and we had to make more calls to have the full amount reimbursed. When we complained to the hotel that they should not ahve debited our card without prior notice thay said that was just the method they employed to get us to contact them. They claimed not to have our contact details which were provided on check in- but they still had details of our credit card. Basically the hotels response was - that's just the way it is!!!Our advice is if you are going to stay here - do not book through a third party - book and pay yourself.	
Jul 9 2009 	Location Location Location	We spend 13 days in this hotel, It's an average hotel, but the location is fantastic!Metro right outside the door (we bought the Metrocard for 14days, unlimited subway and local bus - I recommend it! ) , a few minutes walk from central park and from Time Square.We would stay here again, but only because of the location!	
Jul 7 2009 	I've been in small rooms but this....?	Okay, upfront, NYC Hotel rooms are notoriously small, I get that, but something is way wrong when you can literally sit on toilet and brush teeth over the sink at the same time !(I'm not exaggerating!). Aside from the size of the bathroom, the whole room was an old dump, worn down everything, curtains, carpet, etc....apparently we got a &quot;not yet renovated room&quot;. The room stank, we were able to change rooms the following day, but still were left grossed out.Yep, location is rockin, but I'll take a great night's sleep over location anyday...just my two cents.	
Jul 4 2009 	No frills perfectly located hotel for a city break.	Hotel is perfectly located for Broadway, Times Square, Central Park and access to all other parts of the city.There is nothing major to complain about, rooms are small, bathrooms very small. All clean and everything in the room worked.Only downside are the lack of tea/coffee making facilities in the room, however there is a Starbucks right across the street and also a cafe attached to the hotel.On checkout we did hear another hotel guest complain about cockroaches, however we did not experience this at all.	
Jul 2 2009 	Excellent location hotel and staff	I just read the review posted before mine and we had a totally different experience. The hotel is clean, staff is very courteous and helpful. The elevators are SMALL, I agree with that.Our room was very clean and a good size. We booked on Priceline and was concerned about our room but were quite pleased. We took a break every afternoon and had plenty of room to relax before heading out for the evening. Our room was on an upper floor and we had a view of Central Park, we only saw the trees but we about four blocks from the park.We were walking distance of Times Square, the park and 5th Avenue, subway connections are right out of the hotel. Plenty of places to grab a quick bite in the mornings. They are open 24/7, it was great! We would stay again in a heartbeat and I have already recommended it to someone.	
Jul 2 2009 	Never ever ever again	We have just got back from around the world extended trip and on our travels by far the worst Hotel we have ever stayed in was the Wellington Hotel. When we arrived the lobby looked ok when we checked but dont let that fool you. We took a lift to our room if that is what you would call it....it was small very small, the bed just about fitted in because of another small bed with straps across it was across the end of it, we tried to move it but it was to heavy to shift. The bathroom was so small you would have to come out of it to change your mind. It was a very cold night but a window was jamed open about 5 ins. for air so a cold wind of about 50 mph came into the room. There was a small cupbord with an ironing board flung into it which looked like it had being in a war. The room was like a fridge but for the life of us we could find no heating unit or control unit so we had to take things out of our case to put over us in the bed. About 4am We could take the cold no more and decided to try and get into another Hotel by ringing around, but we could not get anywhere as they all said they were booked up. About 6 30 am I went down to see the Manager and when I told him about our room he said he would give us the Penthouse Suite, Wow says I yes just bring our bags down and he would sort everything out. On my return to the desk I was handed a new key so off to the lift, which only brings one to the penthouse suite.......On exit from the lift there was3 penthouse suites, and one door had a hole in it, our suite had no hole in the door and it looked ok, the small kitchen had a micowave and coffee maker but not one bit of cutlery , plates, cups in any of the drawers or cupboards. the fridge was just one lump of ice on the top inside. The bedroom did have some holes in the wall which at some time could have been the TV bracket. Outside on the small Balcony You could have started a cigarette factory with the dogends. Do you think you could call this place A HOTEL .........We dont...	
Jul 1 2009 	excellent value	I had read mixed reviews of this hotel, but the cost and location met my requirements, so I took a chance. We found the Wellington to far exceed our expectations, and encountered none of the problems listed in the bad reviews. The room was ready upon arrival. It was clean, and not too small, even by Manhattan standards. Every service person we encountered was pleasant and helpful. Yes, the room was a bit noisy with the window open, but it is Manhattan after all. The location is fantastic, convenient to everything! The Park Restaurant has a great breakfast with incredibly quick service. The vendor carts in front of Carnegie Hall have great fruit at a good price. The bodega across the street (towards the park) has an excellent selection of foods for a picnic in the park. I would happily stay at the Wellington again, and hope to do so soon.	
Jul 1 2009 	Location Location Location - I'd definately stay here again!	My family and I just returned from New York where we stayed at the Wellington Hotel (end of June). Weather was hot, but the air conditioning in the room worked great. I cannot stress how important a consideration location should be for anyone visiting New York - do your homework. This was our first time and I researced alot of different hotels and chose The Wellington - and it did not disappoint! Just minutes from Central Park, Times Square, 5th Avenue shops, etc. (we even walked to the American Museum of Natural History - 20 minutes) We decided to experience the REAL New York and arrived Sunday morning. Adventurous, we decided to forego the shuttles and cabs and spend $2 each to hop on the M60 bus right at the airport. We transferred to the subway (N) at Astoria which dropped us right next to The Wellington. The timing was perfect for this as it wasn't busy and we arrived in less than 30 minutes!Room - we had booked 1 room for the 4 of us with 2 double beds. When we checked in, they gave us 2 rooms, side by side for the same price and even included breakfast on the house in the cafe. Atmosphere - it's not all glitz, but has a charm all it's own - almost like you've stepped back in time a bit (I loved this). No it's not all swanky and new, but things were very clean and well maintained.Staff - every single staff person we encountered went out of their way to help us. They were not imposing, but always offered to see if they could help us out which made us feel welcome from the moment we got off the subway and walked in the front door. We arrived in the morning and had no expectation that our room would be ready, but the bellmen were very helpful and organized about storing our things until later in the afternoon when we returned to check in. I'd have to say that part of the atmosphere I enjoyed so much was because of the professional demeanor of the staff.Computers for internet access for flight information, etc. was easy to find and very reasonable in price.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great location small room	We went to New York to see the sights. The hotel is in a fantastic location. We stayed on the 16th floor and looking out of the window you could see central park to our right and Times Square to our left. The room was quite small but that didn't bother us as we only wanted to sleep in it, we were out of the room all day, most of the days. It was a bit out dated and some of the wallpaper was peeling off. The bathroom was basic and again could have done with some updating.The room however had air con which was great because it was quite sticky and humid out.The room was quiet enough to get a good nights sleep when the window was shut.Our only complaint was when we left the 'do not disturb' sign on the door, the housekeeping maid opened our door and quickly shut it. We then had a phonecall asking if we wanted service. I'm sure that's what the 'do not disturb' sign means.Another day we heard the door being fiddled with and when we opened it, the maid said 'I was just checking'. Checking for what I don't know.There is a subway station right outside the side entrance to the hotel on 55 street.The lobby area was lovely. I don't know if I would stay here again because I like to try lots of different hotels. In summary as a base for all sightseeing/shopping it is a great location.	
Jun 25 2009 	The best holiday ever!	This hotel is in an amazing location, a 5 minute walk to central park, right next to broadway and times square, ten/fifteen minute walk to the main shopping district. Also if you wanted to go on the big apple tour, which take you to all the main sightseeing locations, the bus stop is right outside the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Especially the people in the shop who told us all the best places to visit. You could also book theatre and sightseeing trips here.We flew to Newark airport, so it cost us about sixty dollars in a taxi, which wasn't too bad as it was quite a long drive. On our return journey the hotel sorted us out with their own personal airport service, which i would reccommend. It cost us the same price as the taxi, yet a much more comfortable and cooler journey. The hotel was very clean, and the double room was just the right size. we couldn't really figure out how to work the heating/air-con. so the room did get quite warm on a night time. Yet we couldn't open the window as it was very noisy outside. This is to be expected really, after all it is new york, the city that never sleeps. We didn't eat in the hotel so couldn't really comment on that, but the cafe attatched to the hotel seemed very popular. We did hear that it was quite expensive though. We went to a smaller cafe down the road, which did the most amazing bagels for breakfast. Also there is a subway sandwich shop just down the road if you want to buy some dinner to take and eat in the park. Overall this hotel is definatly value for money. It is in a brilliant location and is very clean and comfortable. I would deffinatly recommend staying there. Also after returning home we have spotted the hotel in various films, Borat being one of them. So its quite good to show off to family and friends that you have stopped there!	
Jun 24 2009 	Nice Place Helpful Staff Would Stay again...	We stayed from the 15th to 20th June 09, We checked in around noon and the room wasnt ready, check in 3pm. A porter came straight over to us and offered to put our bags up in the closet and gave us the key card. We had a room on the 17th floor on 55th st and 7th ave so we had a great view. We asked for more pillows and towels and they were sent up straight away. I believe we had a suite because we had plenty of space and 2 windows. I can be quite noisy at night because the windows dont close properly. Air Con Unit was great for the hot days!! On departure we took our own cases down and we were met by Judd who stored our bags and ordered us a town car and helped us to the car. Staff are friendly and helpful! Nice place all round!	
Jun 23 2009 	Excellent location can be noisy average room size (for New York).	Excellent location midway between Times Square and Central Park. Rooms are adequate in size for Manhattan, but those overlooking 7th Avenue are noisy at all times. Cafe on ground floor is very good for breakfast.	
Jun 20 2009 	Great Location! Friendly Staff nice hotel	We stayed at the Wellington for a week's vacation. I was a bit skeptical because of what some of the other reviews said, but figured it was an amazing price so we gave it a shot. We arrived at the Wellington and loved the decor, the staff at the reception desk was very friendly. In fact we were upgraded to a suite for free without even asking for an upgrade. The room was not yet cleaned when we arrived (they don't guarantee the rooms until 3:00 and we arrived around noon); but one of the bell hops took us up to our room so we could see it and put our bags in the closet so we could head out and start enjoying the city. He was beyond friendly and helpful!!! He gave great advice on things to do and see and where the best prices were too. The location is great it's a safe neighborhood and the subway is a few steps away from the hotel. We could look out of the window in our room and see central park in one direction and times square in the other. The room was great although like others have said the heating/cooling system didn't work so well. But we were visiting in May and the weather was great and we were comfortable in our room with the temperature that the system was working at.Throughout out our visit the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. We will definitely stay at the Welling on our next trip to NYC. The price, location and staff are unbeatable.	
Jun 17 2009 	Perfect location	Great location, just where we needed to be for theater, museums and restaurants (and my brother's apartment). We got a great price for the weekend, but we were in the wing with the small rooms - cramped, little space around the bed, but plenty of room for the large-screen TV; the bed was very comfortable and the air conditioning worked well in very humid weather. The bathrom is tiny and very clean, but the floor was slippery for bare feet and there are no handholds for getting in and out of the shower, and no place to keep dry and wet towels separate, and no mini-fridge to keep water cold. The lobby staff was very helpful and efficient in keeping the large crowds of tour groups moving, and housekeeping was responsive to our requests for more towels and extra pillows. We have stayed there before (upgraded to suite), and will return for our next trip.	
Jun 17 2009 	most confortable stay	we went to manhattan for r honeymoon. it was amazing but as im reveiwing the hotel ill not go on about out side the hotel just that it WAS just like the movies. lol. amazing, The hotel was great, clean, aircon and very very comfortable.as we were up and out from six there r lots to do and eat as u can imagin in new york. we were retiring at about 9 at night we spent some time in the hotel itself, the staff made us feel very welcome and room was great. it was on the side over looking central park and high enough to see right down uptown east side, any questions let me no. i highly recommend this hotel as i do Manhattan. if ur there and hungry please please get a pizza from RAYS pizza just down from the hotel, my first time i went out to get one i couldnt get it threw are room door. it was like a man hole cover my wife laught and had one slice. as i see myself as a pizza lover and abit of a champion i had some that night and the rest for breakfast.. lol	
Jun 15 2009 	Disappointing!	This hotel has one thing to recommend it -- its location. Smack dab in the middle of Midtown, it is great for Broadway theater-going, walking in Central Park and being in the middle of the action.However, it is a tired old hotel that has little interest in its guests. Room was not ready at 3 p.m. check-in time. The many people waiting in the lobby were evidence that my room was not the only one unready. The hotel insists on having a bellman escort you to your room. With virtually everyone using wheeled luggage now, we can easily pull our bags to our rooms, and most of us know how to count. Let's see, Room 334 must be on the third floor, and I bet it is between Room 333 and Room 335!The outdated bellman system slowed the check-in process even more, as everyone had to wait their turn to be shown to their room. And of course, everyone had to tip the bellman.I complained to the front desk person that this bellman song and dance was unnecessary and prolonging my wait to get into my room. My complaint was met with a surly reply. What century is this hotel in?Finally in the room, the carpet was badly stained and the towels were so thin, you could read a newspaper through them.I got this room for $95 a night on Priceline. I would not pay a dime more for it.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great hotel great location.	The hotel was in a great location, right in the middle of Manhattan. Our room was small but it was clean along with the rest of the hotel. It was our first trip to New York and the staff made us feel very comfortable. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in Manhattan on a budget.	
Jun 9 2009 	Wellington a Very Pleasant Surprise!	I was a little skeptical about staying at the Wellington after reading other reviews, with people complaining of small rooms and bad service. When I checked in, I found the staff to be pleasant and provided quick service. I had reserved a small twin room as I was traveling alone. When I opened the door for the first time, I was very surprised to see they had instead given me a suite! At the same rate as the twin room! I only stayed two nights, but I was in heaven. Everything was clean to perfection, room service was incredible! If I had to name complaints, I had to take one lukewarm shower at night (plenty of hot water in the mornings) and the second night, they were actually doing construction work across the street at 1:30 a.m. Luckily, I had earplugs. A/C worked fine, all kitchen appliances a-ok! There were many smaller nice touches- ice was already in the trays, no plastic cups- only glass- even in the bathroom. I was ready to move in. I would absolutely stay there again, and would highly recommend to friends.	
Jun 8 2009 	The Big Apple on a Reasonable Budget	Took advantage of their holiday lights special. One bedroom suite for 3 days, including breakfast. The rooms were large and clean, for four people. Had a small kitchen with stove, microwave and sink. Close to central park, time square and all of the normal tourist spots. Subway right across the street for trips to wall street district, brooklyn bridge, etc. Heating and air was a bit tricky. Either too hot or too cold and could not get a comfortable temp, but everything else was tolerable. Stayed there for three different holiday light specials and will continue in the future. Would recommend to anyone wanting to see New York and not wanting to spent a lot of money	
Jun 4 2009	Outstanding service and perfect location - room was functional.	This hotel is older and has lots of character. Our room was small, but that's all we needed. We went to New York to see the city, not hang out in our hotel room. I forgot my phone charger and the front desk was so accomadating and recharged my phone for me and gave great directions for taking the subway. The location is perfect. A 5 minute walk to Central Park and great restaurants in the area.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great Location	I have nothing to complain, reviews may tell it's old or tiny, but the reality is that the hotel is good, it's clean, staff are nice, and you are few steps from Central Park and Times Square, but it's not noisy. It has Starbucks and Au Bon Pain across the street for breakfast. And the best, the metro station is, exactly, next to the lateral hotel entrancy, couldn't be better.	
Jun 3 2009 	Definitely recommend Wellington Hotel!	I stayed at the Wellington with a group of friends for a week long holiday, unfortunately some of our group had to cancel last minute so when we got there we needed some rooms changed &amp; this was no problem... we had booked double rooms but they gave us 2 bedroom suites which were massive! So we had loads of space!! When we got there the first night the hotel was overbooked &amp; we were moved to a hotel across the street which was lovely as well so we didn't mind. Staff were very friendly &amp; helpful. Rooms were cleaned daily. The hotel is very central &amp; within walking distance of all attractions. Would definitely recommend this hotel &amp; it is good value as well!	
May 30 2009 	Excellent location older hotel with some problems	I have to say i could not fault the hotels location, 10 minutes from Times Square and right beside Central Park. The area around the hotel is totally safe at all times even in the early hours of the morning. If your looking for somewhere safe and central to stay and your not overly bothered about luxury or cost then this is the place for you.Im not the complaining type but I had a few issues with this hotel however they were all resolved without any problems. I arrived at the hotel with my wife and 6 month old baby and check in was quick and efficient. However when I opened the door to my room I had a shock, it was tiny and barely big enough to fit the smallish double bed in never mind a crib or indeed our luggage. Now when I say it was small i mean ridiculously small even a single adult would have had problems moving around the room. I immedietly went to reception and told them that the room was too small for adults and a baby and to my surprise the changed it immedietly without question. What worried me was that it was almost as if they were expecting me to complain and perhaps they had put me in that room as we had just arrived from a long journey from the UK and would possiby be to tired to complain. The second room was perfect, it was large and roomy and had a flat screen televison and modern bathroom. After an evening out exploring central park we returned to our room but unfortunately our crib for the baby had not materialised. I spoke to reception and they said they had no record of any request for a crib but luckily I still had a copy of my email request and conformation at hand. Once again this was delt with quickly and with minimum fuss and the crib arrived at the room within 5 minutes. Our next day in New York, Saturday the 25th April was one of the warmest April days in history with temperatures reaching 34c, not surprisingly our room which had no air conditioning was like an oven. I was worried about the baby as the temperature in the room was 30c, much higher than what he was used to so i enquired at the reception about the possibility of getting some sort of fan for the room. When i returned to the room and opened the door (in under 5 mins) there was already a chap fitting some sort of extractor fan/air conditioning unit to the window of the room. I couldnt fault that for quick service and the unit worked perfectly allowing us to set the temperature to 18c before we left to go out.. All in all the hotel is fine if just a little bit old and worn, because of this it seems that the staff are well used to dealing with complaints, changing rooms etc etc. Also is worth pointing out that when i enquired about wireless internet i was told it would be in the region of $40 for my stay, when i told them that at that price i wasnt fussed to my surprise they told me they would give it to me for free! The floor staff in the hotel are informal and friendly and are helpful when recommending bars and restaurants in the area. I wanted to watch an English Premiership football match and was advised to go to the imagitively named &quot;Irish Pub&quot; a few doors down which was perfect as it showed several matches live on its multitude of big screens.To summerise, great location, helpful staff but its an old hotel so be prepared for problems (which more then likely will be resolved)	
May 29 2009 	great location good size rooms not that expenses for new york	staff friendly, they note our requests when booked, bell man Richard very helpful, rooms clean and good size. Good location metro on the corner. just down the road is a deli which services great breakfast and accross the road is chinese which is good price and nice food. We did a tour of Washington through city signtseeing which was ok but a very long day 14hours of which 9 hours were on the bus. They took us to the wax works which was a waste they should give the option to look around further an meet the bus later.	
May 28 2009 	Good value great location	Four of us (two couples) stayed for four nights in two double rooms. We found the hotel to be in a great location (walking distance to many of the sights you'll want to see and a subway station right next door for those further away).All staff were very helpful, particularly concierge and our rooms were great. Small but clean. We found the rooms to be very quiet (1743 &amp; 1744). They faced inwards to another section of the hotel so no view but no noise from the streets outside. Given that all you do there is sleep and shower, they were perfectly OK.Given that we paid not much more than £500 per person for return flight from the UK and 4 nights stay (Ebookers) we felt that we had great value for money. If you want a posh hotel, expect to pay posh prices!Carnegie Deli (across the road) and the deli that is attached to the hotel (can't remember the name, sorry) both did fab breakfasts. The deli on the opposite corner to the hotel was great for late night cocktails and food.All in all a great hotel but judging from other reviews it probably depends on the room you have. The only thing that would have improved our stay would have been tea &amp; coffee making faciltiies in the room.	
May 28 2009 	Fantastic hotel would highly recommend!!	My husband and I stayed in the Wellington with his brother and wife for 4 nights in 2 rooms. I was a little worried because of the reviews but there was no need to be. Although the room was small, it was very clean and very comfortable with big TV and iron and ironing board. The staff were very helpful, the air con broke in my brother in laws room, they reported it on our way out for dinner and by the time we came back there was a whole new air con unit in their room. The location couldn't be better, it's next door to Carnegie hall, 5 mins in one direction to Times Sq and 5 mins the other way to central park, subway literally 7 steps from hotel door!!! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone!!	
May 28 2009 	Fab location just up frpm times square!	This was my second stay at the wellington in new york and i wasnt dissappointed at all! The first time i stayed was in 2002 and the place hasnt changed. Rooms were small but clean and exactly what you need for a stay in New york. The only thing you use a hotel for in New york is to pass out in at the end of a non-stop day of shopping and sight seeing! They had flat screen TV's with a couple of free movie channels (i like to unwind watching the tv just before i fall asleep- very sad i know! lol). The showers were fantastic very powerful and a great way to ease the pains from having walked for miles! :). The staff are very helpful and full of knowledge! The hotel is a few blocks up from times square and central park so aftar a broadway show its just a few minutes walk back to your hotel. If your looking for luxury then this is not the place for you, but if you want somewhere clean and big enough to hold all your shopping bags then this is the place. Im planning a trip next year and i would def stay here again!	
May 28 2009 	Don't be put off	Just back from the Wellington , we had booked three rooms for 4 nights, one for my wife and me, and two for my three sons. I was disturbed reading previous reviews that there were no twin rooms. I e-mailed the hotel before we arrived and had no difficulty in getting a twin. Reception was very helpful in moving rooms around so they were close together (two on the 20th &amp; one on 22nd). Bell boys are very helpful. Rooms were functional and of a good size.As others have said location is excellent. Eating - dinner at the Benash Deli next door is excellent value (five ate and drank for $130, good value breakfast at Fluffys but try the Maison for good value and quality breakfast. Avoid Lindys - it's a rip off. Generally speaking avoid any resturant that don't display their menu in the window.Enjoy and don't be put off!!	
May 27 2009 	rain rain go away	great location and once we asked to change our room from the tiny 15th floor rooms we were sorted. we were moved to the East tower rooms and had room 50 on the 5th floor. large clean and although noisy everything was great except that it rained for the 6 days we were there. aaarrrggghhh! still had a great time and went everywhere. 2 tips- get a $25 metro card for 7 days unlimited travel, we used ours to get to JFK at the end of the holiday as well as zip all over the big wet apple, and go to TGI Fridays on 5th avenue. they have a great happy hour every day from 2.00pm till 8.00pm. seeing as how the new york prices border on robbery this is a good place for a drink .	
May 24 2009 	Good Location Old and Run Down	I stayed 4 nights at Wellington, just myself (no wife or kids). I had a small, single room.The room was functional, but no frills. Clean, but old and a bit run down. Comfortable bed.The walls are very thin so I could hear the elevator everytime it stopped on our floor, as well as conversations in the next room and hallway. I didin't really care becuase I was only in the room to shower and sleep (and I'm a very heavy sleeper).2 hours after checking out, I realized I left a nice,new shirt hanging in the closet. I called to see if I could have it shipped to me. The front desk put me in touch with housekeeping. Housekeeping told me (in very broken English) the shirt wasn't there and to call back tommorrow. After three days of calling back and being told they had not found my shirt, I gave up. Clearly, someone at the hotel (housekeeping?) STOLE my shirt.	
May 22 2009 	Great Location - but needs some TLC	Read many different reviews on the Wellington but went with an open mind. Arrived at hotel just after 1pm and cheked in, although room was not ready till 3pm, but no problem as were able to leave bags while we walked down to Time Square only 5 mins walk away. Used their restrooms before the walk down there which Im affraid were awful, sanitary bins overfull - say no more. When we went to our standard room on 9th floor was a bit disapointed as it not what I was hoping for, very tired looking room in need of an update. But it was clean i guess. The bathroom was tiny, the expression couldnt swing a cat should be couldnt swing a kitten, again just needed a overhaul. But hey we weren't there to spend lots of time in a hotel room just somewhere to crash after a busy day sightseeing. The location of The Wellington was brilliant 5 mins Time square, 5 mins Central Park; so if you are not bothered about the finer touches that some of the more modern hotels may offer the Wellington should be ok. Maybe take some ear plugs as we found out that New York is the city that never sleeps lots of noise through the night. Enjoy your visit, New York as an amazing place.	
May 22 2009 	Best Location Great Price	We stayed at the Wellington Hotel over Spring Break, 7 nights. It couldn't have been in a better location. On arrival we asked for a room with a window facing 7th ave, and the higher up the better. They had no problem accomodating us and didn't charge us anything extra for our request.Our room was very small. Specifically the bed. It must have been a small double. If you are a bigger couple or prefer more sleeping space I recommend getting one of the rooms with a larger bed for a few dollars more. The bathroom was quite large, very clean, and the tv was quite big too. There is no coffee maker but there are many great cafes within a 1 minute walk. Looking left out the window you get a great view of Times Square, look right and you get a view of Central Park. It was perfect. Lots of people complained on Trip Advisor about loud noises. I didn't hear any noises. It was very quiet. We even slept with the window open on hotter nights.There is a subway station right outside the hotel that takes you downtown or to any other station to make transfers. You can walk to Central Park in 5 minutes. We walked all the way to Madison Square Garden in about 25 minutes. We spent quite a few nights in the Meat Packing District at nice restaurants and lounges (check out the Spice Market, delish!). The cab ride back to our hotel from that area only cost approx $7 (less than my martinis). This is not a posh hotel, you are not staying in the Trump Towers. But for what we paid (approx $100) a night, it was perfect! Clean, great location, friendly enough staff.Quick note: I would avoid the Greek restaurant attached to the hotel. Very expensive, and very terrible. So many better places to eat. Go to Lindy's to eat some famous cheesecake. Go to La Maison accross the street for good Mojitos and delicious appetizers. And definetly go to the Meat Packing District for the really good restaurants.	
May 19 2009	Perfect Hotel !!!!!!!!!!	Just perfect, a few blocks from Time Square, really comfortable. The employees were friendly and helpfull. The hotel is really clean and well decorated. Situated in the hart of the city and close to central park. Wanna book a nice hotel, go to Wellington...	
May 18 2009 	Good hotel - Great location	My daughter and I stayed at the Wellington from 8th to 13th May. The hotel is in a great location on 7th Avenue , five minutes one way to Central Park and five minutes in the other direction for Times Square.Although we booked a standard room we were allocated a suite on arrival. The room had two double beds, a table and chair, chest of drawers, TV and a bedside cabinet. The bathroom was small but enough for what you need. There was plenty of wardrobe space and a small kitchen with microwave and fridge.There is a a cafe and gift shop attached to the hotel but both are a bit more expensive than others in the area. I would recommend Fluffys deli close to the hotel or Teleon Cafe just around the corner on 56th Street. There is a subway right outside and I would also recommend that visitors use the subway. It is easy, cheap and really safe.	
May 17 2009 	fantastic spot.	this is a fantastic base for your stay in NYC, we found it so central to all we wished to do in the city, the room was clean an the housekeeper visited it everyday, the only fault i found was the shower, the water would often get extremely hot as i was in the shower causing me to jump out of its reach, however you could tell when it was about to happen after a while. the heating was temperamental at times also. however they were small details an made no blemish on our opinion of the hotel. IL stay there again. thanks wellington for helping our stay be so enjoyable..	
May 13 2009 	super	Excellent hotel for the money, super staff. I would advise staying there.	
May 12 2009 	Perfect!	Very nice rooms, not too small, not too big, very clean, nice bathroom, big bed, great staff. I recomend this hotel to all who wants not so expensive for what you get , cause this hotel is very sweet, the location is exellent, u can see Times Square and you walk just few min and you are there, 5th ave very near, Central Park is just around the corner, subway is right behind doors of hotel, plenty of restaurants, Starbucks just across the street. Me and boyfriend stayed there for two weeks and every day the housekeeping cleaned our room, if i wanted more towels, when i come back there were 10 towels waiting for me in the bathroom. If you need any directions just ask staff, they are very helpful and nice. In short, if you stay here you can basically walk to all famous attractions because of its location. When i return to NY i will definitely stay in Wellington Hotel.	
May 10 2009 	You pay for what you get......	Of course, when visiting NYC you dont expect to stay in your hotel room for any length of time; however when you are in your room you want it to be clean and comfortable. First of all, you couldnt ask for a better location..subway right outside the door, Central Park a few blocks away and Times Square within yelling distance. The actual Hotel was a different story. After checking in (receptionist said she was upgrading us to room with a king bed), we followed her directions to what appeared a different part of the hotel. In the lobby there were elevators which appeared to access the front portion of the hotel. Our room on the other hand was located back in the &quot;east wing&quot; which was down a hallway where we had to take steps down to an empty , less busy part of the Hotel. There were 2 elevators which carried us to the 7th floor...room 76 to be exact.The carpet in the hallway was dirty, stained and there was a stale smell on the entire floor. The carpet inside of the room was stained and the bed was a king was rather dated. Other items that caused concern was that the bathroom faucet continued to constantly drip, and the air conditioning didnt work. I had to call room service to ask for towels (no towels when we arrived) and for someone to fix the air conditioner. The view out of the window was really no view at all. We were able to look out of the window at other hotel rooms on the other side of the hotel. We couldnt even determine if it was daytime by the view. The room was cleaned daily but for some odd reason they always forgot the towels. I dont know if this was a way for the maid service to get a quick tip or what.If you want ice, you have to request it from the front desk. You are given one glass in the room, any more must be requested through housekeeping. Overall, we had a great trip, but I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 9 2009	Perfect Base	I have returned from a lovely trip to New york and stayed in the wellington Hotel. I traveled with my mother as a treat. The only problem we could see with the rooms was that they are just too small and we had to share a small double bed because the hotel dosn't offer 2 single beds in the room. Our room however did however have a small walk in wardrobe which we used for storing our all our many shopping bags!Or room did have a good view because we saw central park from our room and out another window Times Square. The hotel provided a very handy shop and cafe were breakfast was served. The hotel was in a good position because if you go out the front door (beside reception) and turn left and walk staight you will come acorss Times square. Or if you turn right and keep walking a short walk you will get to central park. If you go out the side door (beside cafe) and walk left and walk a few blocks you will be soon be on 5th avenue. over all it was a good exeriance but be sure to ask the friendly staff for directions or you will get lost. I also definetly recomend getting a safety deposit box.	
May 9 2009 	Location Location Location	This hotel provided us with a great experience in NYC &amp; was my wifes first trip to the city (my 2nd). I wanted the best location at the lowest price for clean &amp; comfortable accomodations. I read the reviews about this hotel, &amp; like many others was a bit hesitant because of some of the negative comments. But by gut instinct I went ahead &amp; booked the hotel. We were not disappointed. It was an excellent base to enjoy the city. Our room 2242 was clean &amp; comfortable with a double bed &amp; 30&quot; flat screen TV. It faced 7th ave. The decor was dated circa 70's but we thought that was great. The room was small, but we expected that. The bathroom was very small with shower &amp; pedestal sink- that was the only negative in our eyes. Elevators were small but there were three in our wing &amp; were fast enough not to have to wait long to get up or down. The lobby was large but it is a bigger hotel than it looks &amp; was busy in the day. There are 5-6 pay per use computers with printer in the lobby &amp; wireless if you have your laptop. This location doesn't get any better- subway R W just outside the 55st. side door, 2 blocks north to Central Park, 3 blocks south to the theater district &amp; Times Sq., 6 blocks southeast to NBC 30 Rock Radio City, famous Carnegie Deli across the street (excellent Pastrami &amp; cheese cake- open to 3am).Hot tip: &quot;Hidden hotspot&quot; if you're on a budget or getting tired of restaurant dining, across the street from the hotel, next door to the Carnegie Deli is the 55th St. Deli which is open 24 hours. This was our favorite place. Its like a convenience store with a 20' salad bar/hot food steam table down the center. The salad bar was super fresh with sooo many types of greens it was unbelievable. The hot entrees were just as great. It was $6.99 a pound. There's also a sandwich/fry cook ready to custom make any sandwich from paninis to hamburgers. Good hot coffee anytime (not as strong as Starbucks &amp; weak as 7-11s). They even have fresh fruit &amp; Gelato. We got exact portions that we wanted &amp; went back to the room to eat but there is a small counter with 3 seats if you want to eat there. If you are going to the Statue of Liberty for the first boat out (9am) &amp; need to leave the hotel early, you can get your lunch here &amp; backpack it- we did.	
May 6 2009 	Very pleased....	My wife and I spent our 1st anniversary @ the Wellington and really enjoyed it. The location is second to none. We could look South out of our window and see Time Square then look North to see Central park. The hotel is next door to Carnagie Hall and across the street from Carnagie Deli. The room was clean and the service was great. The only issue at all was the 1st room they gave us to check in already had people in it. Luckily when we opened the door nobody was in the room but there was luggate etc. in the room. We went back to the front desk and were issued another room along w/ 2 free breakfasts for the mix up. We had a really good stay here and the noise was not an issue and the bed was very comfortable. For the price this is the place to stay. Bryan	
May 6 2009 	Great location and clean...no frills.	My partner and i stayed in this hotel for 1 week. When we arrived we were informed that the hotel was overbooked due to flight cancellations and that we had to stay in the Blakely hotel across the road for our first night only, due to the inconvenience caused they upgraded us to a queen room the next day.I dread to think the size of the double rooms in this hotel, the queen was very small. Considering we were there for a week i expected to at least have a fridge and tea &amp; coffee making facilities in the room, but i requested a fridge and it was brought to my room straight away at no extra charge.The room was clean and serviced every day, although the room facilities were disappointing the bed was really comfortable and the location of the hotel is excellent. We didn't spend much time in the hotel so location was of more importance to us, 5 mins from Times Sq and 2 mins to Central Pk.	
May 5 2009 	Good Location - Hotel Needs Refurbished	Four of us checked in at 2pm. Rooms not ready until 3pm. Despite having requested 2 rooms with 2 beds in each room, both non-smoking we were told that none were available! Only 1 smoking room and 1 non-smoking were available. The hotel was overbooked and a large number of people were being upgraded to the sister hotel The Blakely. When we requested why we could not be offered this as our specific rooms were not available we were told No, the hotel does not do twin-bedded rooms! The reception staff are all young girls and were very unhelpful. We were made to feel like nusiances simply for requesting what we had booked. I travel a great deal and have also worked for a large hotel chain. Never have I encountered such unhelpfulness. We ended up having to accept 1 non-smoking and 1 smoking room. Fortunately the smoking room did not have the usual stale smell of cigarettes. Rooms were very dated but not as small as we had anticpated. Beds and towels were clean but that's all that you can say about this hotel. Needs complete overhaul. Only 3 small lifts for this size of hotel. It was like a rugby scrum trying to get in the lifts most days. Only good thing is the location of this hotel. 7th Ave at 55th Street. 5 mins to Central Park and 10 mins max to Times Square. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone other than maybe a group of guys who just wanted a clean bed in a central location.	
May 5 2009 	clean friendly cheap and central	after reading some of the other reviews about this hotel i started to panic , this was a surprise holiday for my husbands 40th birthday !!!! after stayin there i have to say some people are so fussy u drop ur bags in, go out, come back, sleep and wash there, and next day out again, who goes to new york to stay in their hotel roomFor us the hotel was great, the staff were helpful, ( couldnt do enough for us) the bedroom was clean and just like pictures in brochure, bathroom was small . the hotel was central to everything . i would recomend this hotel to everyone who is looking for a CLEAN, FRIENDLY, CHEAP,CENTRAL hotel in new york. TOP TIP......... FLUFFYS a little cafe just a two min walk from the hotel food is sooooooo good pancakes ,bagels, and pasterys and much more!!!!!!!!!!!! HELICOPTER RIDE is a must the only way to see new york	
May 3 2009 	good trip spoilt by staff at the wellington	Our room was booked 6months before arrival date,at the check in desk we were told our room was over booked and we could have a room one block away for one night.I asked for a room at the wellington and were given a smoking room right at the front ,thee floors up.it was right above entrance.the noise from traffic and coachs loading started at 5.30am.the room carpet was stained and black marks(tar) all over,wash basin plug was letting the water run out and inside lock did not work. also shower more like hose pipe.The desk manager did nothing to resolve the problems.Only offered another room after second night.Senior manager give no reason or apology to why this happened.GIVE THIS HOTEL AMISS.	
Apr 30 2009 	Excellent hotel!!	This hotel is lovely...it really was fantastic friendly staff, and the bell boy could not do enough for us, particularly as we had problems with our transfers...one of the guys offered us some assistance if we had problems with our return transfer. the little cafe within the hotel is really nice- lovely food! hotel is an amazing location so near to times square (about 5 minutes walk) but not near enough to be kept awake by lights/noise! Staff in the gift shop were also very helpful. If we go back to New York again we would definately stay here again!	
Apr 30 2009 	Quality of service dependent on how much you tip.	Arrived late and was outbooked to the Holiday Inn for one night. When we arrived back the next day, our room was good but an exposed pipe in the bathroom was scorching hot so we asked for it to be checked. We were upgraded to a suite instead which was nice and had a kitchenette area with a fridge and a microwave but no kettle. When I asked about the kettle I was told there isn't supposed to be one. Reception staff were helpful but unfriendly, as are the bellmen if your budget doesn't extend to overly generous tips.	
Apr 29 2009 	fantastic location bad service	upon arriving at the wellington hotel we were greeted by a load of teenagers behind reception and from there were told that somebody had overstayed their stay and there was no rooms avaliable! you can immagine after a 8 hour flight that we were obviously not impressed but after reading previous reviews it was kinda expected and heard of before. luckily they said their was a room avaliable in a hotel around the corner and paid for us to stay the night there instead which the very friendly bellboy carried our suitcases and showed us the way. the hotel was called the blakley and we were over the moon when arriving and hoped that the wellington was just as nice! the next day we had to wait till 3 pm to check in at the wellington but were able to leave are suitcases whilst we explored. when we finally arrived at our room we were not impressed especially after putting us up in such luxery! the rooms are very basic and have jsut the essentiallys apart from plugs which there was on 1 of and the bathrooms are tiny!!.. but even after all of the negatives i have listed i would no doubt go back, it is situated in the most perfect position and is perfect for a base just aslong as you dont spend much time in the hotel..which in new york you dont tend to do! and dont expect to much! one other note take extra money for tiping! you have to tip absoloutly everyone and everything	
Apr 28 2009	Better than I thought	Pleasantly surprised with the appearance on arrival. Large open reception and lobby, staff very professional, well dressed and friendly. Free luggage storey, internet 1 dollar per 5 mins which can be paid cash or by card at the PC. There is a gift/convenience shop in the hotel and also Park Cafe which is open to 1am and it was very very busy every day. There is also a hair salon although it wasnt in view.The passages and rooms are well decorated and presented. They have flat screen tv, phone, iron and ironing board. The heating/aircon system was the only downfall for me. It was very loud and the room remained stuffy and the curtains/blinds did not shut. The bathrooom was dated but clean. They provided lots of toilet paper, shampoo, face wash, shower wash and body lotion. There seemed to be water around the loo but we wasnt sure if this was from the loo or shower.. however we didnt report it as we were only there to sleep for two days and didnt get round to it.There is a subway outside the hotel which is handy, Plenty of deli's and cafe's for breakfast. The Park Cafe was pretty expensive I got a BLT sandwich with chips and a cup of tea x 2 and it came to 17 dollars whereas the Carnegie Deli across the road was much cheaper and there was more on the menu and service was good. We ate here three times.Overall I was happy with the hotel and would stay here again. I dont know how much the hotel rates are but I paid £1100 through ebookers for two adults for 2 nights with flights.	
Apr 25 2009	bright lighs big city!!!!!!	Hello all you people looking for reviews on new york city,Well we travelled on the 6th - 10th of april 2009 and had a great time . We stayed in the wellington hotel on 55th and 7th avenue. It was the perfect location for sightseeing and the hotel its self was clean ,well looked after. Our room was a one bedroomed suite which four of us shared. there was two couples, and we both had a room each ,the living room doubles as a bedroom ,we had to all share a bathroom ,but that was not a problem. The hotel is very art deco, a few people said old,but we liked it. The hotel staff were very good and very freindly, they gave us loads of info about trips etc. i would definatley recomend the sightseeing hop on hop off bus. it takes you all over the city . Night time in times square is fantastic. Enjoy............	
Apr 24 2009 	Excellent 	We got this hotel thru Travelocity &amp; were VERY pleased; we even received a free upgrade to a 1BR suite! The location is wonderful and staff were really friendly &amp; attentive. The hotel was completely booked &amp; somewhat of a madhouse, but the staff handled themselves quite well &amp; professionally. We were in the East Wing &amp; the layout was a litte strange, but it is an old bldg (had to go down a hallway, down a few stairs, then back up agan). Fair warning - the elevators are VERRRY SLOW and SMALL. If you're a family/group with a lot of luggage, you'll have to take separate elevators or make multiple trips because you won't all fit. The attached restaurant, Park Cafe, is WONDERFUL. A lot of &quot;hotel restaurants&quot; aren't that good unless they're at a 5+ star, however this was a happy exception. A cab from Penn Station was less than $7 (+ tip) &amp; it's very close to everything (located on 7th Ave @ 55th Street. It's only 4 blocks north to Central Park, 2 blocks north to Carnegie Hall, and maybe 10 short blocks to Times Square. I was able to easily walk to Rockefeller Center for a Today Show taping as well. E/B/D trains are outside the hotel door, and N/R/Q/W two blocks up.A few of the POSITIVES of Welllington include:+ Excellent location. Close to every major attraction. If this is your first visit to the city, it's a great &quot;center,&quot; with easy subway access &amp; several restaurants &amp; deli's nearby.+ Very comfy beds and spacious rooms (at least the 1br suite was).+ Great water pressure; rare in buildings of this age.+ No paid mini bar in the room! There was a small dorm-size refrigerator to put your own snacks &amp; drinks in, but at least it wasn't one where you're charged almost as soon as you remove an item as in other hotels.+ Excellent staff. They will also hold our bags if you arrive before checkin or need to leave it if you're flight doesn't leave til later in the day. ((typical 3:00pm checkin &amp; 12:00 noon checkout)).+ Gift shop on site where you can get tickets to most all nearby attractions, sometimes discounted a little (not much, but every dollar counts on vacation, right?!). + Wonderful on-site restaurant, Park Cafe'. This is also where room service comes from. + Nice bathroom with plenty of towels &amp; such, and a long shelf to place toiletries. Yes it was somewhat small, but it's NYC people - you can/should NOT expect a big one. That said, it was actually a pretty good size for the city. + Iron &amp; ironing board in the room. Also, a hair dryer in the bathroom.+ Extra pillows provided in the closet, so no need to call housekeeping.A few of the NEGATIVES of Welllington include:- They automatically apply a $25 charge to your CC for incidentals &amp; tell you you should see it come off in 5-10 days after you check out. Just didn't like the fact that it takes that long to remove the charge.- Slooooowww, small elevators. We were on the 2nd floor so we just took the stairs.- No information on area attractions &amp; restaurants. Would have been nice to have a info packet with area restaurants that deliver if you didn't want to get out, especially if you aren't familiar with the city. There was one book in the room, but it was your basic tourist book you can get at the bookstore, just with a Wellington cover (and a note that said if the book was missing you would be charged $25). - Not much hot water. Water pressure itself was awesome, but hot water was more difficult to get, and to keep once you managed to get it. It averaged luke warm, so at least you weren't stuck with a cold shower!- No late checkout option. Reception did say that was a possibility if they weren't full, so if you hit it at the right time, you may be able to opt for that (not sure of the charge though). I have a feeling a &quot;regular&quot; room is small, but that's typical for any &quot;avg&quot; NYC hotel. Not sure why people complain about it so much, especially when they have this site to refer to. I'm pretty sure it would be no less comfortable though...and that's what's important after walking the city all day right? All in all, Wellington exceeded expectations &amp; is certainly on our list now.	
Apr 23 2009 	Two rooms old and new part of hotel - great holiday	My experience of the Wellington Hotel is that it was a great place to stay and an ideal base for exploring New York. Travelling through E-bookers, we payed £800 for 8 days, 7 nights, including flights for Manchester to Heathrow, Heathrow to JFK (return) with American Airlines. Given that £100 was given to airport taxes, plane tickets would have been about £400 if payed for separately, the hotel charge would have been about £300 for the week per person. We had a double room in the older, higher block of the hotel, and my parents who we were travelling with were in the 'East Wing' which seemed a bit more modern. Our room on the 18th floor faced an internal courtyard and overlooked a water tower, but was reasonably light for a city centre hotel. The bed and room were fairly small - my 6ft partner, and even me at 5'5&quot; actually couldnt fit our feet into the bed! However that said it wasnt a massive problem, the room was very clean, bathroom was a little dated but again very clean. Good sized TV with English and Spanish channels. No kitchen facilities. There is free wifi, you just have to ask for a reception code. Towels changed daily (left a $1 tip daily for maid), and I think the bed was changed twice. I heard a lady on the same floor complaining that the rooms were tiny, but really for a city centre hotel even our room was a fairly good size. The only thing I'd say is that the hotel was very warm. We slept with the window open every night and with it being city centre New York it was quite noisy. Luckily I had ear plugs from the plane. My parents paid the same and got a massive room, big bed, and modern bathroom. We all agreed it was excellent value expecially for the price paid, location (5-10 mins walk from Times Square, Central Park). I wouldnt recommend the Park Cafe attached to the hotel - it was pretty slow service, and food wasnt great. For breakfast head to the Carnegie Deli, and just toast and jelly, cereal, fruit etc - werent that expensive. Do try their full dishes just once or twice though - they are massive but great! Lindy's is also very expensive for breakfast for quite slow service. The Europa cafe up the road was great for an evening meal.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Location But Bad Rooms	I stayed at this hotel with my husband over New Year. The hotel is in a great location, just 5 mins walk to Times Sq in one direction and central park in the other. The hotel clearly has a high turnover of guests and as such there were no welcoming aspects, no personal touches and not even a 'did you enjoy your stay?' when we left, in fact I dont think we even got as much as a 'goodbye'. The room was horrible to stay in. There was a radiator in the room that had a mind of its own and made an awful clicking noise all night, it sounded like there were mice trapped in there scurrying around (however I dont think there were....?). Also, the shower water would come out scalding hot every minute or so during the shower so you had to be quick to dart out of the way or get first degree burns! The lobby area wasnt that great either, there are 4 small lifts and the hotel is huge so the queue to get into the lifts can be pretty big.I would look to stay elsewhere if i went back to NYC.	
Apr 17 2009 	wellington hotel great hotel	i and my wife went to nyc in jan 09 and after having to change airline everything went superb due to a snow storm we had to change our 10 40 am flight with delta to jfk to a more earlier flight 7 10 am to newark with continental we arrived at newark and there was a blizzard going on and it was minus 8 but the cold didnt bother us as the excitment of being in new york city just blew us away got taxi to hotel whitch took about 50 minutes and should have cost 65 dollars but a couple shared with us and it only cost us 35 dollars after splitting the cost got to hotel much earlier than expected and checked in our bags the staff were very helpful more so caitlan on the desk she was very nice went straight out to take in some sites and to have a bite to eat we were blown away by the hustle and bustle of 7th avenue and times square whitch is only a five minute walk away from the wellington central park only 3 minutes away so we were in great spot for site seeing i recomend you buy a loop ticket to see all the sites great value for your money we bought a 2 day pass for 120 dollars that was for 2 tickets and it was well worth it free ferry ride as well that trip is superb ellis island staton island statue of liberty and a fantastic hudson river veiw of manhattan the trip lasts a good 80 minutesand is well worth it the loop bus stops at all major sites so you just get off see what you want and then wait at the bus stop for the next bus every 10 minutes they arrive and then on to your next stop the tour guides are very welcoming but they always go on about being tipped the bus goes via not in this order china town soho little italy greenich village chrysler building maddison square garden carniegie hall 2 minutes from wellington hotel the port authority bloomingdales maceys in little italy battery park central park ground zero an amazing site so vast its not real century 21 just by ground zero well worth a look just like primark but with a million more choices and visit the hard rock cafe on broadway fantastic and there is much more as far as the tour on the loop is concerned we took in a show on broadway at the august wilson theatre we saw the jersey boys and it was fantastic well worth the dollars dont be affraid to get off the bus and take a walk you wont get lost you cant miss the loop tour sellers all around in their red coats oh ye and the empire state building is also in the tour on the loop you get a free pass to go up to the top anyway the whole trip was fantastic hotel sites show would we go again is saddam a nut ? next time ide love to go for a lot longer oh ye and for a good snack of mammoth portions the dheli facing the side entrance of the wellington try it its great and the staff are nuts but very very nice to recap wellington hotel brilliant new york city manhattan and all sites brilliant cant wait to go again	
Apr 15 2009 	worth going back	mary,joan,teresa,tilly.Co. Meath IrelandStayed at wellington for 5 nights perfect location for sight seeing found majoriyy of staff very friendly needed extra towels got them immediately. Reception staff were great as were the porters room service was excellent serviced every day, bar staff not as friendly found the barlady very rude but that would'nt stop us going back. All four of us shared a room and there was plenty of hot water for showers no stopper for the bath though but that was'nt a problem. Plenty of nice places to eat The Oldcastle Pub very good and reasonably priced. When we go back we would definitely stay here good location and value for money.	
Apr 15 2009 	Excellent Hotel Great Location Friendly Staff.	After reading some of the reveiws on here, my Fiance and I were more than dubious about booking with this hotel. We were going to celebrate both of our birthdays. I have to speak honestly, what a fantastic hotel. You couldnt choose better. We were greeted on arrival by a very friendly doorman, our room wasnt ready but the bellman put our cases in storage and we were told that they would take them to our room when it was ready. We were given our room key, so we decided to walk around New York and get our bearings. Came back a few hours later, to a very clean and well presented room. TGrue to their word our cases were in the closet. The maid came in every day on our 4 day stay and cleaned the room, changed the sheets and put more shampoo and hand lotion in the bathroom. The staff were friendly and more than helpful. We were told we could charge our ipods free, just plug them into the computers downstairs and they would charge up. Same goes for your camera's if you need to charge them up remember to take your lead, we didnt :-((.The hotel is in such a great position, great location easy walking distance for most of the main sightseeing atttractions, Central park is to the right of the hotel and Times Square to the left. Broadway just one avenue across. Really you wont go far wrong in booking this hotel. The doorman (JUDD) was that helpful with the return journey to the JFK airport we got a limo for 55$.We plan to revisit for our honeymoon in 2010. Definately coming back to this hotel.Sightseeing advice, Top of the Rocks is awesome book a sunset ticket if you can. This attraction is far better in our view than The Empire State Building. If you want to do the Empire, then our advice is to book the fast track tickets, we didnt know about them and honestly waited for three hours before getting to the top. Lifts broken and long ques to walk up 6 flights of stairs. Nightmare really. Dont pay the extra to go to the 102 floor, it really isnt worth it. Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island is a must, pay for the audio tour if you can. It really does emphasise what the immigrants had to go through to get into the US. Central Park is everything you see on the films. Take a rickshaw bike ride, the guy we had through Central Park, pointed out lots of interesting things, Where John Lennon was shot, where Yoko Ono now lives, Where Maralyn Monroe was found dead. All sounds a bit depressing, but we found it interesting. Shopping if you can fit it all in is brilliant. We had a great mix of both and got to do all the places we planned. All in all a fabulous city.	
Apr 15 2009	Perfect location convenient for 1st time visit to NYC!	I stayed 3 nights with my two Sisters in law. Our first trip without our small children or husbands. Loved being able to pop in and out of the hotel, as it was so close to many tourist locations we were visiting. LOVED the view from our 25th floor window, especially at night. Could see the lights from Times Square from where my head lay on the pillow, only a few blocks away, no street noise to keep us awake. Very clean, super quiet, extra towels brought up immediately, GREAT SHOWER PRESSURE &amp; TEMPERATURE. In my opinion, the best shower I've ever had in a hotel. Never feeling clean sure can ruin a vacation. This was awesome! It is diagonal from Carnegie Deli, across a side street from Fluffy's cafe, practically the same building as Carnegie Hall, just out the door and to the right. Subway location at the bottom of the steps, just outside of the gift shop. Elevators were a bit old and small, but never had to wait for one like I have at other hotels. The front desk and staff were exceptionally nice, got me checked in around 1:00 even though check in time isn't until 3:00 &amp; the room wasn't even in my name! All around a GREAT experience. WIll stay there time and time again. Can't wait to take another trip!	
Apr 13 2009 	Great hotel for the price!	Checked in by a friendly girl with the same last name as me! We were given an upgrade from a Standard to a King on the 11th floor. Taken upstairs, with our bags by a very nice, friendly and helpful porter (David?).Unfortunately, the room reeked of stale smoke and we wanted a non-smoking room. As soon as we voiced this David was on the phone to the front desk and immediately and we were moved to a very nice King room on the 6th floor. The bed was very comfortable and there was no noise from the heater, which did work perfectly. Also no complaints with the hot water. Lot's of it for a bath and showers. Everyone at the Wellington was friendly and helpful and I have no complaints at all. You can't beat the price and the location is the best so far, on this my fourth visit to New York. I'll definitely be back to New York and the Wellington Hotel!	
Apr 13 2009	Great Price Great Location Great Room!	My mother and I were a little worried about the hotel. We got a really great deal on expedia for four nights, so we booked. It's only after reading some reviews on the internet that we started to wonder what kind of place this was going to be, our worries certainly weren't founded. Okay so here is the deal: our room was on the fourth floor and they had just renovated it! We weren't expecting a presidential suite, we did not get one either, it was just a small, cozy, clean room for the both of us. Here is the thing, you aren't staying there for the room, you are staying there for the city. The only thing my mother and I disliked was the elevators, those darn things! One of them was broken, so they had two in service, but those two only came to our floor like once every ten minutes, we actually preferred using the stairs, so good luck to you if you are one the 20th floor! All in all we loved this hotel, it was a five minute walk to Times Square, a fifteen minute walk to Rock. Center and the Disney store, not to mention the library, and any theater on broadway. We strongly recommend you go there on your next trip, unless you are like super rich or something.	
Apr 12 2009 	A Curate’s Egg - Good in Parts	We had a strange experience at this hotel. We booked through Lastminute.com for a one-bed suite and a standard double room but when we got there were told that they didn’t have our rooms. After some argument with the night manager they agreed to temporarily give us three rooms (there were five of us). The next morning, the day manager was extremely apologetic and offered us a room upgrade, plus a free breakfast, as an apology for the inconvenience. Strangely, at reception we overheard someone else, who had also booked through Lastminute complaining of exactly the same problem (except that he’d been put in a different hotel for his first night).Anyway, the result is that we saw both the budget and more luxurious parts of the hotel – the hotel appears to want to cater to both markets. On to the rooms. Our first room was a standard double and pretty miserable. It was very small (I’m 6ft 3in and kept bumping into things), hadn’t been cleaned properly and the fixtures were old and a bit tired. Our second room (let’s call it the apology room) was a king size double and was completely different – spotlessly clean, very big and very pleasant. My in-laws’ suite was also immaculate and very comfortable. So our experience was that both the accommodation and the level of service were superior in the luxury rooms.The hotel’s location was perfect – a ten-minute walk from Times Square, Broadway, Central Park, the Rockefeller Centre. Its diner was quite pleasant and had a reassuringly American feel, and the nearby Carnegie Deli is also worth a visit (although its massive portions made for quite an expensive breakfast).I would give the Wellington Hotel a qualified recommendation. The location is amazing, and the prices very good, but our standard room on the first night (and the argument required to get it) were rather unpleasant and I would suggest getting an upgraded room if you can afford it.(The ratings I give are based on our second room - those for the standard room would be significantly lower).	
Apr 11 2009 	brilliant location good value for money	We were a group of six, including 2 teenagers staying for a week from 2nd April. This was our third visit and our friends first. Although we arrived 3 hours before check in,our friends room was ready on arrival. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and kindly stowed our luggage in our room until it was ready. An added bonus was that we all got upgraded rooms. We got a very large suite with bags of room and dual aspect windows, and no noisy radiators, ideal for a family with teens. The only problem of too few towels was resolved immediately. We found the hotel staff friendly throughout our stay. Yes, the hotel is a bit dated, but it's got art deco character and is set in a brilliant location, with Central Park, Times Square, 5th Ave shopping and Empire State Building all within walking distance. There are lots of good delis to choose from for breakfast, lunch or dinner, we used the Park Cafe (set in the hotel) for breakfast, Fluffys down the road for a quick coffee stop and were spoiled for choice for dinner. I would recomend the Cancun Mexican restaurant near Columbus Circle for dinner. To see the sights, use the tour buses, but to get around New York quickly and safely, we would recomend getting a $7-50 metro card which gives you unlimited travel for the day. Roger, in the hotel shop is very helpful and informative about New York . We would also recomend flynig BA, the service couldn't be better, plus we all got upgraded seats on our return journey. We would definately stay here again.	
Apr 7 2009 	Old tired hotel but good value and great location	You get what you pay for with the Wellington because by NY standards, it's quite affordable. You can't beat the location because its right in Midtown Manhattan - 10 blocks to Times Square, 5 blocks to Central Park with a subway station right outside. Plenty to do, eat and see in the surrounding blocks as well, so you won't be disappointed with the location. However, the hotel is old and tired and the service sometimes left something to be desired. The lobby area is too small and always seemed to be teeming with people and suitcases. This made it difficult to get efficient service. In addition, the maids didn't respect 'do not disturb' signs by constantly knocking asking to obtain access in the mornings. Also, the room I was in was very small (expected) and the heater was loud and worked only occassionally, the TV didn't work (required me to replug some cords), the bed was uncomfortable and the hot water in the shower was temperamental and upredictable. The wallpaper was peeling and the room wasn't particuarly clean. So all in all, you're really paying for the location here. It's not bad value but don't expect much from the hotel or the rooms and you'll be fine.	
Apr 7 2009 	never again	Great Location, shabby rooms, reserved a suite and was told there were none available. at time of arrival. No coffee in room and at night the heater made clanging noises about every 20 min. I would spend a little extra next time for a nicer night sleep after walking alot. Bathrooms leave alot to be desired.	
Apr 7 2009 	Well worth it.	Excellent value for the money. Yes it is looking a bit tired but at the end of the day we were only in the room to sleep, after a hard day pounding the streets. The rooms are small but very clean .We were on the 20th floor at the back of the hotel, not a great view, but well away from the traffic noise on 7th ave.Location is very good, a short walk to Time Sq, and Broadway/42nd street. a few blocks from Central Pk, and tube stations a plenty, to take you wherever. Loads of places for breakfast next to hotel.All in all this hotel was well worth it and we would stay again .Tip. read what you will into this experience. this was part of a six day trip, 3nghts New York then onto Las Veagas for three nights. all flights were with America Airlines. Arrived in New York minus all our hold luggage. spent two out of three days without clothes etc.New York to Vegas, boarded plane at 4pm for a 4.30pm departure. 1) engine problem. delayed 90mins.2) no crew to push back plane.another 60mins.3) now the weather is closing in and we are stuck in a que of planes waiting to get out before they close airport. all together 4hrs on the plane before we took off. no drinks or food. once airborne diverted to avoid weather, this diversion meant we didnt have enough gas to get us to vegas, so had to land at Dallas to refuel and take on more food ( ran out halfway down the aisle). LAnded in vegas. 5hr flight took 12 hrs. one sandwhich and two drinks.On our return to the uk, guess what, plane delayed at Dallas, and we arrived home minus our luggage. Amazing how much one airline can [--] up on a six day trip. Lesson learnt we wont be flying with AA again.	
Apr 2 2009 	Really good location!	Stayed here for a week in February. Was a good deal, as it was our fist time in NY we wanted somewhere really central, and got that with this hotel! It is right beside Central Park, and a few blocks from Times Square! There is a subway station right outside it. The rooms were fine, bit on the small side, but who cares in NY! We did have the mad noisy radiator, but got used to it! Was a perfect base.	
Mar 28 2009 	Great value!	My boyfriend and I stayed for 6 nights the last week of March. We were very pleased with our room. Although small, all the rooms in NYC will be, especially if you're bargain hunting. We had a view of 7th and 56th, which was nice, but sometimes a little noisy in the mornings from all the honking of the taxis. As other reviewers have stated, our heater made a clanking noise. This happened maybe 2-3 times during the night, but we knew it would possibly do that when we booked the room. So, it didn't really bother us. For one or two nights, the room did get a little warm, but we just opened the windows and it was fine. The cool air from outside balanced out the inside. The room was one of the redecorated ones and so we were pleased with the condition of it. No bed bugs! No peeling wall paper---it was fine. Because we remembered to tip our made properly (as well as our bellman), we received good service. We opted to forego room cleaning every day, but left a small note and a nice tip for our maid. She treated us very well and the room was always thoroughly cleaned, with our specific requests filled.The Wellington Hotel is an excellent value. Some of the more negative reviews on here are unfair, in my opinion. If you are polite to the staff, they will be polite back to you. That's simply common courtesy. We saw a lot of the guests behave rudely or inconsiderately toward the hotel staff, which I felt was unnecessary. The hotel is older, which is why you're paying a less expensive rate. So, yes, some rooms will be in a shabbier condition and yes, the decor is kind of older, but it's not tacky. We found the staff to be very nice, very accommodating, and we found the rooms to be a great value. The location can't be beat! Overall, we were happy. We would stay here again, and we would definitely recommend this hotel to families without small children, traveling couples, and older people. The Greek restaurant, Molyvo's, next door to the hotel, is very good! Also, we liked Angelo's pizza by the Late Show Ed Sullivan theater. We also at at the Cafe Napoli in Little Italy. Very good food! We made good use of the all of the delis, where you can go in and choose what hot/cold foods you want. We found that to be a great money saver. One morning, we bought our breakfast and ate picnic-style in Central Park, which is just a block and a half away from the hotel. My boyfriend also rented a bike for $15/hour and rode around the park. He loved it! We also liked to be able to sit and have a nice breakfast. We ate at La Parisienne, just up 7th avenue, a few times. He liked it because he felt the people were friendly and that the coffee was good. For an enormous sized deli sandwich, try Stage Deli, also on 7th ave.	
Mar 27 2009 	Wellington re-appraised	I had not stayed at the Wellington in a number of years. This time around I was able to take advantage of the extended tourist doldrums that extended beyond winter to get an excellent rate on a 1 bedroom suite. (I am not wealthy and have always wanted to stay in a hotel suite!) The suite was roomy and quiet in the East Wing. The staff was friendly and helpful. On the other hand, the wireless was awful. Ok for getting e-mail, but too slow and clunky for much else. The towels were cheap and thin, even below Target standards. This is a nice enough hotel in a great area that is worth the price provided you are able to get a &quot;special&quot; rate, as I did.	
Mar 27 2009 	good apart from noisy radiator	The Wellington is a nice but basic hotel slap in the middle of Manhattan and very accessible. The room was small but adaquate unfortunately a noisy radiator clanked and banged every hour and spoilt our stay. A mechanic came to it but nothing improved the hotel did offer another room but talking to other guests its seems they had the same problem. If this problem is sorted the hotel would be ideal	
Mar 25 2009 	Very bad security	Although this hotel is in a great position for exploring New York the facilities are not good and the security is bad. There are no coffee or tea facilities in the room and the bathroom did not have an extractor fan and was very small with poor lighting. The rooms were shabby. Service was polite and efficient. Our room was entered while we were away and my medication was stolen. We thought that maybe we hadn't shut the door properly until we spoke to other guests next door who said that while they were sleeping somone had tried to open their door and when they went to investigate, found the door ajar and on the chain. Our door was open again the following evening but this time nothing was taken. The management said they looked into it but am not sure if the locks were changed as we were not given new entry cards. Altogether a disappointing stay.	
Mar 23 2009 	Fantastic Trip!	Stayed here from 12-16th feb with my boyfriend. Initial thoughts were better than what I expected BUT the staff aren't the most friendly/enthusiastic especially for the u.s.a (not that their rude)! The reception is always busy mostly around 3pm (check in) and 12pm (check out). Not sure why that's an issue for some though. The room was smaller than what I expected but for the two of us it was fine. It is dated and yes the bathroom could do with a re-vamp but all we did was sleep and shower. The room was so warm as well, never had the heating on! Everyday we had the bed made/ towels changed/ bin emptied. No matter where you stay in NYC you HAVE to walk miles to one attraction or another. The Wellington is right on the edge of Time Sq (great because not too busy outside). 5th Ave shops are about 5min walk away! It was the cheapest accommodation on lastminute.com so i was expecting the worst but was happily proven wrong. If you just want somewhere to lay your head after hardcore shopping this is it! I will stay here again, its cheap and one of the best locations!	
Mar 23 2009 	never again	got into wellington and double room was tiny. bed was smaller than 4 foot 6. was a single and a half. rang reception and was told that we were in an above standard room. we would have to pay extra to be upgraded. wifi not free also. when asked for a delayed checkout of one hour due to late flight, the acting manager called &quot;stanley&quot; started telling my wife that we were taking advantage. the rooms carpet had seen better days and wasnt exactly what id call clean. overall very disappointing. will not be staying here again.thanasie	
Mar 16 2009 	our trip itself was fantastic its the hotel we werent thrilled about	we got in late at night and confusion over our room they put us up at a sister hotel down the street. came back next day they did upgrade us. absolutely great view of times square. but bed was horrible and no in room coffee pot. you'd think they could afford to put coffee pots in each room. cheaper hotels have this ammenity its pretty basic. the people were nice that worked there nice bellman and definately the locaation was wonderful for us since it was our first visit. unfortunately i feel if we werent upgraded we would not have liked the hotel at all. i really tried but the uncomfortable bed was a deal breaker	
Mar 14 2009 	Fantastic location but room was a bit on the small side!	Myself and my husband stayed at the Wellington Hotel for 4 nights at the end of February. It was our first visit to New York and I wanted to make it one to remember so researched a great deal before going. The Wellington Hotel wasn't a let down when it came to location, it was superb! Times Square was a stones throw away as well as Central Park and you certainly felt like you were in the thick of it, there was just such a buzz when you walked out on the street every morning!I had read reviews before going where people had said that the standard rooms were small, I thought people were just expecting too much but boy they were right. I think we were both slightly shocked when we walked into the room which was a lot like a cupboard with the smallest bed I had ever seen. There is no way that you could class that as a double.......and as for the bathroom, if you stood up too qucikly after going to the toilet you could knock yourself out on the sink.Both the room and bathroom however were kept very clean and although the decor was not 'modern' as other people have confirmed you only really use the room to sleep in because there is just so much to do when in NY!My only serious complaint would be the noise that came from the heater, it was awful and prevented us from having a decent nights sleep, every 40 minutes the heater would make the worst noise I have ever heard, it was sooo loud and I can imagine it would wake the heaviest of sleepers!Despite all this I would stay at this hotel again due to the fantastic loaction, however next time I would definitely upgrade to a bigger room and get the staff to test the heater before we unpacked :-)!	
Mar 11 2009 	Great location good rates but will skip next time	The hotel is a great location with subway just around the corner. However, if you're driving into New York, plan an extra hour in traffic to get to and from this hotel. Parking is also quite expensive. The rooms are clean and service was OK, however functionally the rooms leave a lot to be desired. The heater/cooler in our room was barely functioning and I couldn't get it to work right. One day it was hotter then the desert in the room, the next it was freezing. The room had no info packet about amenities, internet access or surrounding area. Internet access was not free and was incredibly slow. A LOT of noise from the street. But I guess that's to be expected in Manhattan. Overall, the location makes this hotel worthwhile, but next time I'm going to avoid staying downtown.	
Mar 11 2009 	Awesome value if you don't need high end luxury	Several friends and I have stayed at the Wellington for a few years now. We always book suites (the regular rooms are reportedly very small). The Wellington used to be an apartment building, so the suites are large, with plenty of room for 3-4 women, their luggage and purchases after a week of shopping in NYC. There is a sink and small fridge, some dishes, and a small dining area. They have wireless internet - but it's not free. Beds are comfy - rooms are clean, but not plush. This is a great place to base yourself - subway stop outside the door on several of the main lines, mid-town location near Carnegie Hall, coffee shop in lobby provides room service for breakfast and lunch at reasonable (for New York) prices - hotel bar is really in the Molyvos restaurant which can be entered from the lobby. Molyvos is known as one of the best restaurants in town, Greek cuisine - great drinks, and awesome house tea. Elevators can be slow, but there are 4. Tour groups do stay here, and there is street noise - light sleepers might want ear plugs. But for the price (400-500 a night for suite, cheap when split between 3-4 people) and location, it's my fave.	
Mar 11 2009 	Room with a view	We stayed at the Wellington for 3 nights. As its very expensive in New York and we wanted to stay in the middle of things we searched and searched for the cheapest place and came up with this place. It certainly is in a great location, opposite Carnegie Hall and just a few minutes walk from Times Square. We asked for a room on a high floor with a great view and that is what we got, on the 22nd floor with a view of Times Square, which was amazing at night!. The room itself was quite small, with quite a small bed, but that was fine for us as we are small people! It was warm and cosy whish was perfect for the freezing winter nights. The bathroom was basic but had a good shower and was very clean. The hotel is still a 70's style hotel and doesnt really have any modern amenities but when you are in NY you only need a room to sleep in so it was fine for this. There is a cafe which does breakfast lunch and dinner and also a Greek restaurant which has good reviews but we did not go there as with alot of NY it was quite expensive. All in all a great stay and would definately return.	
Mar 10 2009 	Good Hotel Great Location	We stayed in the Wellington for 5 nights and had a thoroughly good time. The staff were friendly and helpful whenever we asked for advice. We found our room very comfortable, kept spotlessly clean and was nice and warm, which was nice considering the freezing weather during our stay. The location of the hotel is perfect with Times Square, 5th Avenue, Cental park only minutes walk away.We had breakfast a few times at Fluffies Bakery which was nice and good value, we also had breakfast twice in the Carnegie Deli, massive portions, hard work trying to eat it all.Great stay, would definitely stay at the Wellington again	
Mar 8 2009 	Small bedsrooms and small minded receptionist	We booked a suite for 3 adults and a double room.The double bed in the suite was a 4 ft wide bed and the single was a sofa(not what we really booked or expected,) I COMPLAINED to the receptionist named Kathleen who argured that the bed was a queen sized and more or less dismissed me like i was dirt on her shoe, at least thats how i felt,tea &amp; coffee making facilities yes,but no cups,dont make me laugh.if anything she made up my mind never to go back and to send this review, Stay away and tell your friends to stay away	
Mar 6 2009 	Great location great service clean tidy great food at Park Cafe	Hotel very nice on arrival, very warm welcome, rooms very comfortable and clean, clean bed linen and towels everyday, decorating needs modernising but didn't bother us as wearn't in the hotel for long as sight seeing in NY all day.Adjacent to the hotel as the Park cafe - great value and huge meals, had a breakfast and dinner there most nights, very clean, fast service, great value for money.Subway just outside the hotel, will take you right down to the bottom of manhatten about 25-30 min trip, Very safe, everywhere seemed very safe even at night.Tourist information centre very close to hotel and very helpful, buy a citypass, worth the money. Will definately stay there again	
Mar 4 2009 	Fantastic Trip!	Stayed here from 12-16th feb with my boyfriend. Initial thoughts were better than what I expected BUT the staff aren't the most friendly/enthusiastic especially for the u.s.a (not that their rude)! The reception is always busy mostly around 3pm (check in) and 12pm (check out). Not sure why that's an issue for some though. The room was smaller than what I expected but for the two of us it was fine. It is dated and yes the bathroom could do with a re-vamp but all we did was sleep and shower. The room was so warm as well, never had the heating on! Everyday we had the bed made/ towels changed/ bin emptied. No matter where you stay in NYC you HAVE to walk miles to one attraction or another. The Wellington is right on the edge of Time Sq (great because not too busy outside). 5th Ave shops are about 5min walk away! It was the cheapest accommodation on lastminute.com so i was expecting the worst but was happily proven wrong. If you just want somewhere to lay your head after hardcore shopping this is it! I will stay here again, its cheap and one of the best locations!	
Mar 3 2009 	Great View Loudest heater EVER!	We booked this hotel for a trip in early November 2008. The location was great, and we had a corner room, which meant that if we leaned out of our window a little bit, we could see a corner of Times Square. There is a subway stop just outside the door, and a coffee shop that could use some updating in the lobby, with decent breakfast. The room decor was fine for a older hotel, but the bathroom was tiny (but functional). The front desk staff was not super-helpful, and they insisted on showing us our room (for a tip of course, even though we had rolling bags that did not require any assitance at all!) They did have a business center in the lobby that you can feed dollar bills into for internet time, or you can pay $9/day to use their wireless. The lobby center is probably a better deal if you just need to look something up, it was $1 for 2-3 minutes of internet time. The Greek restaurant next door is excellent! Our only problem with the room was the heater. We could not adjust the temperature, and the heater fan was so loud, we could not sleep! It would run quietly for 10-15 minutes, and just when we started to drift gently off to dream land, it would start to bang and clang and thump like an angry monkey was inside whacking the heater guts repeatedly with a hammer. It was absolutely the most awful sound I have ever heard coming from a machine designed for comfort, especially when you're trying to sleep! And there was no control over the temperature, it was either hot enough to roast a turkey, or we had to turn it off. After our 2nd night of no sleep, we finally opted to turn the heater off, and wore extra clothes to bed. So if you get a corner room on a high floor, test the heater before you accept the room! Overall a servicable hotel, and a good deal on a discount service, but I'd be ticked off if I paid their going rate for the monkey-heater room!	
Mar 3 2009 	Decent Rooms Good location not so good staff	The hotel is good, rooms are clean, and the shower water is hot. It's simple, but the location is Fantastic! We were able to go to Times Square in 5 minutes by foot and to take a walk in Central Park.Our room was on 26th floor and we had a great view from Central Park.The girls at front desk were kind and helpful.The only problem I had was with an employee from the room service.He insulted us due to the tip and laughed at our face, offering our money back because he said that was too little money. He was mexican and left our room speaking some words in Spanish, which I was not ble to understand.	
Mar 3 2009 	Amazing location - I'd go back!	Everything considered - we'd read many reviews that said that booking via Expedia, which we did, would land us a tiny room - I was not disappointed. The room was not large, I'll be clear on that - but it was adequate. In a city like New York, and when you're as centrally located as the Wellington is, how much time are you going to be spending in a hotel room anyway? This is also the reason why it did not matter at all that our window looked out onto a shaft! (&amp; it was because of this that we had no noise problems at all during the night)The bed was notably small, and the mattress seemed to roll my husband and I into the same spot towards the middle!! However it was not uncomfortable. The room had a small bathroom, where everything worked well, though shower water did take a while to drain. There is also a small closet - the extra space is handy. Rooms are not equipped with tea &amp; coffee making facilities, which would have been nice to have. What is provided however is an iron and ironing board. Cleaning was done promptly and effiiciently and towels changed every day. Checkin and checkout was fast and very smooth. Staff were civil - I wouldn't say they were particularly friendly, but ok. A small internet centre (5 computers) is handy for flight check-in or general browsing. Price is $0.20 per minute with a minimum spend of $1.00. Internet speed was fast so you don't need to spend a fortune on it. The hotel's decor is not modern, nor is it 'ancient'. It is perfectly acceptable. The hotel ticks all the boxes and I would certainly consider staying there on a future trip to NY. A decent, well-priced hotel a 10 minute walk away from Times Square on one side, and 10 min walk away from Central Park on the other, I have yet to find a serious fault.	
Mar 1 2009 	Poorly managed hotel - check-in and room cleaning slow	We were very disappointed with this hotel. During the day, the lobby looked more like another airport terminal with people waiting to check-in. Nowhere near enough chairs, so people were sitting on the floor.The check-in time was 3.00pm, but they couldn't be bothered to clean our room until 4.00pm. No apology whatsoever. Queues to check-in were long. When we eventually got into our room, it was small, but fortunately was by then clean!! There were crumbs on the carpet outside our room door. In four days the carpet was never vacuumed!I have travelled extensively and have never stayed in such a badly-run hotel. I loved New York and hope to go back there one day, but it certainly won't be at this hotel. They gave me the impression that they couldn't care less about their customers.	
Feb 26 2009 	Worst hotel ever	I cannot begin to describe how horrible my experience was at this hotel. To begin, the hotel has a general feel of uncleanliness. The shower curtain in my bathroom was covered in mildew. Only one lightbulb out of many was functioning in the bathroom. I complained about both- and both issues were remedied. I just couldn't get over how old and dirty everything felt. My stay was for business, and was in August, which is a notoriously hot and humid time of year for the city. I was astonished to see that this rather tall building had only two elevators, both of which were so small that only 5-6 people fit. Each morning, the wait to catch an elevator was at least 15 minutes. Not to mention that the hallways in which you have to wait are not air-conditioned. One morning, a hotel employee noticed me waiting for an uncomfortably long period of time, and sent me down in the service elevator. I opted for the stairs on other mornings. The hotel also lacks a fitness center, which in this day and age makes little sense. Luckily, Central Park is just a few blocks away.I would NEVER, EVER stay in this hotel again. Although the location is nice, there are too many other hotels nearby that are so much better.	
Feb 26 2009	Good Location	My sister and I stayed at the Wellington for 5 nights. The hotel is in a very good location, within walking distance of many of the attractions. Our room was a little on the small side,but as we were not in the room much so was more than adequate. It was lovely and clean the towels were changed everyday.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great value	Great location and room for a great value.Will be back!	
Feb 25 2009 	Great location!	I just returned from NYC with my boyfriend after staying at the Wellington for 5 nights. We arrived at the hotel at 11pm, the check in staff were very friendly and offered help with our bags to our room. Our room was on the 26th floor and had an amazing view of Central Park. The room itself was of medium size, comfortable and was cleaned well daily. The bathroom had signs of general use but very clean. The sheets and towels were replaced each day.The hotel is in a great location of all the sites, times square is a few blocks down 7th Ave and Central Park is up two blocks. You literally can walk and walk, exploring the city and taking in all it has to offer! We actually walked from the hotel to Battery Park to the Statue of Liberty Ferry - which took 2 hours, but a great walk!We didn't sample the restaurants at the hotel, eating breakfast at Fluffy's and other meals out. We had a drink in the hotel bar, which was expensive but fabulous cocktails!I'm already planning my next trip to NYC and will definitely stay at the Wellington!	
Feb 25 2009 	Amazing location clean friendly staff perfect all rounder!!	We visited the Wellington Hotel in November 08 as part of a leisurely shopping break. The hotel overall is quite simply basic (although clean), however its location is what makes this one stand out. As we were first time travellers to New York we were a bit unsure as to where to stay but it was ideal location. Metro station right outside the door, Carnegie Hall next door, a fab breakfast/lunch/dinner next attached to hotel, Times Square only few blocks away, Central Park few minutes away also. Amazing Deli right across the road. called 55st Deli, breakfast deals are amazing, sooo cheap an delicious. Friendly staff in hotel. Rooms cleaned every day an beds made, bathroom supplies replenished etc. Internet right in reception area which was handy, research good shops, places to eat etc.Lots of flyers an little books by the luggage desk offering discounts in shops, restaurants etc.Fab place, cant wait to go back!! Hotel suitable for all age groups. Bells man always willing to help. (worth having a few $1 notes in your pocket for tipping). Beautiful at Christmas.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great location!	This hotel could really not have been in a better location!! Walk 3 minutes in one direction to be in the heart of Times Square and 3 mins in another to be in Central Park! Our room was very small but we were expecting this as we had heard that most Manhatten hotel rooms were tiny!! The room was very warm however which was lovely on cold February evenings! The only downside of the room was the filthy bathroom but we really didn't mind too much as didn't spend a lot of time in the room. The staff were very friendly, helping with luggage and opening doors. We had also booked a trip and were having problems with pick up points- the man on reception phoned the tour company and sorted it our for us- very helpful!! This trip (movie locations!) also provided us with another insight to the hotel- it was used in the Borat movie!! All in all, this was perfect for us and if you are planning on spending a lot of the day away from the hotel to explore the city then i would definitely recommend the Wellington!	
Feb 18 2009 	Great room fab location would love to return!	The Bell hop helped us with our luggage from the taxi and had it up the steps and onto a trolly in a trice! Our flight was early and although our room was not ready we were able to complete the check in formalities and store our luggage . We didn't mind that the room wasnt ready as we were told that we had beeen upgraded. [We had previously emailed to say we were celebrating our silver weddinng and was it possible to be allocated a 'nice ' room] We returned 2 hours later to find the room ready and were pleased with it! we had two windows. One view looking directly down to Times Square and the other looking onto 57th st. we were on 17th floor. Whilst the room was not huge , it was perfectly adequate for our needs and had a huge wardrobe with iron, ironing board and hairdryer. The only thing that was missing was a kettle and tea and coffee making facilites!The room was always warm, sometimes a little too hot, but you could always open a window. There was plenty of hot water and the bathroom was well stocked with toiletries.The maid service each day was excellent, we returned each day to find a beautifully cleaned room and bathroom with fresh towels each day.Whilst the decor might not be to everybodys taste and would fit in the more'traditional' catogory , rather than boutiquie, it provided excellent value for the money. The location was second to none. It took about 10 minutes to walk to Times square and 5 minutes to central Park. It is surrounded by places to eat. We used Fluffy,s {an excellent bakery for breakfast. The best cups of tea!} There are a lot of interesting local restaurants if you are prepared to venture a bit further to 9th Ave . We found a fantastic place called The Hour Glass, well worth a visit. A 4 course meal with coffee for 20.95!There are also lots of local deli's and shops around, so you are never stuck for anything! You really can not go far wrong with the Wellington in terms of location and great value for money in central New York!	
Feb 17 2009 	Best value for money in NYC - unbeatable location!	My girlfriend and I have recently returned from an 8 day visit in NYC. We stayed at the Wellington, and it was simply amazing. We received complimentary wireless internet, which made sorting through do's and dont's in NYC a breeze. If you ever find yourself in need of a ride to/from the airport, ask for Sami and his limousine service. What a great guy. I can honestly say Sami is the nicest cab driver I have ever encountered in my entire life. All in all a wonderful hotel at an unbeatable location. The subway entrance is unbelievably close to the hotel, Times Square, Columbus Circle and Central Park are all within a 3-5 minute walk.Having also stayed at some of the finer establishments in NYC, I will never so much as consider staying at any other hotel in the future.	
Feb 13 2009 	Fantastic Location	What a fantastic location. 10mins from central Park and 10 mins from Times Square. Hotel itself requires updating. Staff were very curteous. The steps to get in and out of the hotel were a pain with my daughter in her stroller. The doorman did offer to assist on the odd occasion. Rooms also require updating. Internally very dark and old style coloured bathroom suite but it was all very clean. We had booked a double room but ended up with a suite which was a lovely surprise. The suite does include a kitchenette. The fridge was very useful. We were very surprised with the room size as I had heard that NY hotel rooms are generally on the small side.We were on the 11th floor. You do get noise but as we were always so tired from the days walking we were crashed out and it really didn't bother us.I will definately be staying here again just for the price and the great location.	
Feb 11 2009	Great Value	Basic facilities but very adequate. Great location only two minutes walk from Time Square in one direction and Central Park in the other. If you want to see the hotel on DVD watch the Borat movie where he gets into the elevator and thinks its his room.	
Feb 9 2009	Choose your Battle	I stayed there on 1/30-2/3 with my husband. I had booked a deal on Pricleline $65 a night!!!! Pros: perfect location, clean, warm , safe, friendly staff.....Cons: small dated room, very small bathroom, our door looked like someone tried to &quot;breakout&quot;. I certainly can not complain for the price I paid. I had stayed here previously last summer with our children in a larger room, but just as dated. Consider the value... you are there only to sleep and shower, it is safe, clean, and friendly. Consider staying here if you get a good deal. Nothing to worry about, if you know what you are expecting.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great hotel great location great staff	Stayed at the Wellington over christmas 2008. Arrived about 8am. Entered the 7th Ave entrance - bell man helped us with our cases. Have to go up a few steps to get actually into the hotel which isn't ideal if you struggle with luggage anyway but the bell men are always there and from what we saw was always willing to help. Check in wasn't available until 3pm but after asking if its possible to have a room with a view the lady at the desk explained to come back around dinner time and our room should be ready. They kind of pre-checked us in - took all our details i.e credit card info, names etc etc so when we came back it was just a case of them handing over the key/card to our room. Came back around 1-2pm - room was just getting finished off. Hung around for 5/10 minutes looking around the foyer - lovely christmas tree, nice warm feel - quite 'old fashioned' if you like but added to the feel of the hotel in my opinion. Fire place and christmas tree were both a very nice too and again added to the feel of the hotel. Its isn't the most modern hotel you'll ever come across but its a nice homely hotel. Bell man was going to take us up to the room but we said thanks but no thanks. We'd treked right over america with our suitcases i think we could manage taking them up in a lift but as i said they were always there if you needed them. Have read reviews on here regarding the lifts - they are quite small but they aren't slow. We only experienced once 'slow moment' if you like and this was when we were heading out one morning around midday. Around this time the lifts were obviously going to get full with people and luggage working their way down to check out. We were on the 23 or 24th floor (i can't quite remember - it was either 2324 or 2423 :) ). we exited the lifts and remember thinking - 'nice decor' - there was a wall full of mirrors !! I don't know if they did this to make the corridors look bigger than they actually are but as you walk away from the lifts you realise they are really narrow. Walked into our room located right at the end of the corridor and around the corner. At first was quite disappointed with the size of our room to be honest but i think it was only because we'd been spoilt with the other 3 hotels we'd stayed in during out trip (these not being in NYC mind). We stayed in a double room and had a great view of central park (check out our pictures). I was aware before we came that rooms in NYC aren't as bit as elsewhere but what more do you need than a bed, a bathroom, work desk, and a television. There was also a cupboard wih enough room for a suitcase and housed an ironing board and iron. In reality the room was big enough - any bigger and it would have been a waste (which is why i'm glad we didn't pay for a suite). The bathroom however was small - but again it had everything you needed including a hairdryer and few amenties such as soap etc and to be honest you should spend even less time in there than you do in your room so to be honest it wasn't the end of the world. The shower however was a little tempremental - please take care !! The only thing i disliked was the air conditioning unit. It made quite a bit of noise - i woke one evening and had to feel around the floor because i was adament it was leaking but it was just the water in the pipes. It was loud to begin with but we soon got used to it. Housekeeping did a great job - considering its a, lets say, 'older' hotel (not old but not new in comparison to others), its very clean and the rooms are quite modern and alot nicer than and make up for the first impressions you get with the corridors. I would certainly stay here again - researched alot for this trip and this came out the cheapest. Booked direct with the hotel to enable me to cancel/amend if necassary. 5/10 minutes from central park to the right as you exit the hotel and 5/10 minutes to the times square area to the left. You have a subway underneath the hotel itself which is what i would say is one of the main lines and can take you just about anywhere between central park and brooklyn bridge (although transfers maybe necassary). The Park Cafe also underneath the hotel is ideal and unless i'm mistaken provides the room service. We got a little something one evening and it was very nice and reasonably priced too. They also have a gift shop which is on the street outside but is also connected to the hotel - it isn't open all the time but is the majority of the day. That said should you want anything theres a couple of deli's round and about the hotel too including the carnegie deli just across the road.You won't be disappointed if you stay here - it is a bargain of a hotel in a fantastic location.Enjoy !!	
Jan 31 2009 	Great Location	Can only agree with previous reviews of hotel.It is quiet a bit dated and the rooms do lack some modern mod con.That is the moans over with the hotel and rooms are spot less,the receptionists and the bell boys are very hard working and friendly.Location is in central Manhatten and couldn't be faulted for position.Yes the resterant coneted to the hotel is pricey but there are better and cheaper one's close by i.e the great Flurries.If you are looking for a room that you can use for a base when you are in New York to rest and sleep in hen the Wellington is for you.If you are looking for a bit more than that from your hotel then look else where .I know that the next time that I go to New York I will be staying in the Wellington.	
Jan 31 2009 	great location!	Recently Stayed in the Wellington Hotel In Manhatten. Was a nice hotel, great location, just a 5 minute walk from times square and a 5 min walk from central park.There was also a subway right next to the hotel. Hotel was a bit dated and we had a problem with the toilet and the shower. The toilet leaked whenever we flushed it so the floor was always soaking wet and the shower made the most horrific loud noise if you turned it too hot so we had to have cold showers the whole time we were there, which wasnt very nice as it was -8 outside! We did complain to the receptionist but nothing was done. Besides the problems we had with the bathroom, the bedroom was nice. Quite basic but had everything we need.	
Jan 30 2009 	Best cost/benefit in NYC	We staied in this hotel for 5 nights. What I can tell is that location is excelente, rooms are old fashioned but clean and good size, good bed, bathroom was small but clean and with plenty of hot water. Reception staff was very efficient, and the outside coffee shop has good food with honest price. I would definitively stay there again.	
Jan 29 2009 	The Apple's core!	Centrally located to many of NY's best sites this is the place to stay.Being not as blandly refurbished as other international copycat hotels, it still retains a certain character despite not being spanking new.It offers a good value room from which to get on with the businessof seeing New York.I personally had a room with a NY view that i had only previously dreamed about.The Hotel was attached to a sort of Cafe which served up good food and was also surrounded by a variety if all other types of place to eat.So if you want a bolt hole to catch up and refresh before getting back out into the Streets this is the place.The Ritz it is not. However the experience will not spoil yours.	
Jan 27 2009 	No complaints!!	Myself and my partner stayed at The Wellington for 13 nights in January 09. Initially, we were a little worried about booking this hotel after reading some of the reviews on here. But I can honestly say that we were not dissapointed at all with The Wellington. The room was a good size, beds were comfy and every bit of the hotel that we saw was spotlessly clean. The maid cleaned the room and gave us clean towels every day. As for the location of the hotel - you really cannot get much better! Times Square is a few blocks down one way and Central Park is a few blocks down the other end of the street. There is a Subway station right outside the hotel and Park restaurant underneath the hotel itself. We ate breakfast there once and although it was nice, it was a little pricey for breakfast.The restaurant also provides the room service for the hotel. Opposite the hotel is a Starbucks and on the next block and the one after (towards Times Sqaure) there are a couple of great deli / cafes (Fluffys and Cafe Metro) that serve tasty breakfasts, sandwiches, wraps, coffees, pizzas, salads, pastas..! Check out the choice of cakes in Fluffys!! We saw some of the other hotels that we were considering booking (which were also more expensive) and we definately picked well with The Wellington as it was a busier area at night which felt a lot safer when we returned back the room.Would definately recommend this hotel and would not think twice about returning there!!	
Jan 24 2009 	Brilliant location great atmosphere	Brilliant location, great atmosphere, this hotel is quite old, but to us it is what New York is about, it had character, we went just before Christmas and the tree in the lobby was beautiful it added to the whole experience. The rooms arn't big but we went to see the sites not sit in a room, which was clean and well presented and the staff were really nice. Everything was a short walk away and the breakfast in the Park restaurant was delicious, we went there every morning, the staff in there were really friendly. Would not consider any other hotel for our next stay.	
Jan 23 2009 	The worst hotel I have stayed in in the entire world!	We had such a dissapointment with this hotel. We thought it would be great because of it's excellent location, but the service &amp; state of the hotel was terrible! I wrote a whole article on it, here are just a few examples: The room was not ready, when we got a room it was also not ready (bed not made, champagne glasses etc.) The next room had a sewerage problem. Then they said they had no other rooms. After a fight they gave us a room. The room looked fine, but when we went to bed, the bedding was dirty (hairs etc) Everytime we complained, they treated us like the enemy. They were totally unfriendly, unhelpful and plain rude. Also, our view was a rubbish dump in a dark alley. They also charged us more than we were quoted on paper. They were very unwilling to change it back.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great Location	Stayed for 3 nights in December. Location was great, only 5 min walk to Times Square. Reception staff were helpful with any info we required. Room was fine but very hot. Would stay again.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great Location	Hotel on the whole was fantastic. Helpful staff, clean rooms and great location. If you are looking for a hotel to use as a base to explore the city then this is for you. Don't be expecting a 5 star hotel. Our room was spacious with a double bed and single bed and small bathroom. The heating system in the room made some of the strangest noises, between that and the shower i don't know which was worse! However, the rooms were cleaned daily and fresh towels supplied. The hotel is a stones throw from Times Square and all the major attractions. There are lots of restaurants and diners to choose from and a starbucks right across the street. We ate braekfast in Lindy's diner and tried the Redeye restaurant across the street, which were both excellent! On the whole i would recommmend this hotel to young couples and groups of friends. I would definitley come back to this hotel as it served it's purpose.	
Jan 20 2009 	Good Hotel	I was reasonably happy with this hotel. The location was excellent and the price was OK. Service and cleanliness were generally OK. We had two bedrooms and the toilet in one was not great; prone to backing up and not flushing properly. Staying in New York in January, there was an obvious worry about the cold. However, the opposite problem was apparent. The rooms were way too hot. We had the windows open while the outside temperature was below freezing and the rooms were still hot.	
Jan 17 2009 	Great Location	OK, I'll be honest with this hotel. It's not the best, but it's more than you need when your staying in New York, want to be 5 mins away from Times Square, possibly on a budget.From our arrival we noticed a doorman that rarely opens the door for you, so we struggled with our bags into reception. Noticed that the hallway/reception area was pretty small but it's not off putting.Receptionists, friendly, but sometimes look a bit miserable. They were young girls so probably just bored of working there!Check in was quick. Before the visit I did send an email asking if there was a chance of a possible upgrade as it will be my Girlfriends birthday whilst we stay there. I did not get any reply, nor was told of any upgrade whilst checking in. I didn’t want to ask as just wanted to get to the room.The hotel has a way of making sure the bell boys get extras. Like many other reviews, reception would say I’ll get one of the guys to check the room is ready and help you with your bags. You can’t really say no as he’s already guiding you to your room! Well, he told us we have to go to the back of the hotel and can only get one lift to our floor. We then found out we were staying in the Pent House. Which to me was an upgrade! So we were happy with that! Room had one double and a single, a dinging table for two, a desk with large mirror, a flat screen 32 inch TV, room was perfect (for us anyway).Only problem we had with the room, was the heating was set on a timer and would usually come on in the evening, so around the day if you are around it would be a bit chilly (but when your in NY, your not going to stay in). The other was, one day coming back to find our room cleaned (always a good job) I noticed that the toilet was filled up with water and tissue. This wasn’t like this when we left, so I’m guessing was the cleaner. I called reception and they said they will get a hold of the janitor and send him up. There I was thinking he’ll be about an hour but no more than 5 mins he was knocking at the door and cracked on with it. Perfect! He even fixed the handle, which was loose, without me asking him to. Apart from that, the light in the shower wasn’t working (still enough light from the room though), few wears and tears on wallpaper where it’s obvious people who were staying knocked it with their bags. But these last bits are for those people who like to moan about the littlest things and don’t understand that the janitors don’t have much time to check every single room, and well if you don’t let reception know about these things, how will they know to fix them.Location is perfect, you step out of the hotel your surrounded by shops (mostly deli’s). To your left you have a 5-10 min walk straight into Times Square, to the right you have 5min walk into Central Park. If you walk 20mins behind the hotel your in 5th Avenue! The hotel is just right for those who will be out sightseeing everyday and just need the room for the evening.	
Jan 13 2009 	loved it	From the moment we arrived,to the time we left the Wellington was welcomeing,friendly and very well situated. The staff are wonderful,the room(32)a suite, not much of a view but clean spacious(what in New York,YES).useful kitchenette,Plenty of wardrobe space,bed settee,kingsize bed,table and chairs 2 tv,sgood sized bathrooms,plenty of towels,we asked for more pillows they arrived asap.Our daughter,son in law and grandson had a king size room,(68)big bed,plump mattress,bathroom lovely,and he hotel provided a cot for grandson,which doubled as a playpen.The Molyvos restaurant pricy but food fantastic,the waiting staff lovely,and bar staff attentive.the attached cafe,good for breakfast,if you up early,very busy later on but the food was so good,and to top it all there is a little gift shop,not to bad on prices and helpful with events and tickets,you may have gathered we loved it.	
Jan 12 2009 	Location location location	Stayed for four nights as part of our honeymoon.The location is fantastic. Metro stop on the hotel's doorstep and just a five mins walk to Times Sq and 10min walk to Central Park.Our room was tiny and we approached reception to see if we could be moved. Apparently there were smaller rooms than ours which I couldn't believe. They did try and upgrade us / move us when we told them we were on honeymoon, but the hotel was fully booked. Found that the hotel rooms needed redecorating as it was very dated.Useful internet provision for a small fee avaiable in the lobby.However, we would look for a different hotel if we stayed again, but the great location of the hotel scores very highly if you want everything on your doorstep/	
Jan 11 2009 	New Years Eve in New York	HOTELMe and my boyfriend stayed in the Wellington Hotel, in New York from 31st to 5th January 09. I was pleasently surprised at the location of the hotel, as we were more central then I expected, only a few blocks to the right was Central Park and to the left was Times Square both taking about 5 minutes to get to. The hotel is very nice, it could do with an update, but we were out by 8am every morning, and didn't return until 9pm most nights, and by that time we were ready for bed, so it served a very good purpose and it was lovely and warm. The room was small, and basic, but was enough for two people, and we had a TV, with lots of different channels, and an option to buy Movie channels for $12 that were not even out in England. The only gripe about the hotel was the light switch as it was opposite the shower, and if the water was on full power it would come very close to switch which was worrying, and there was only one plug point opposite the shower. We were on the 14th floor, and we could not hear any noise from outside, the view was not great, (a grey building opposite) but there could be worse things to worry about and we were hardly there, and one side of the building does look out over Central Park. The lift from the lobby to our hotel was very slow and you sometimes had to wait for the second lift due to the amount of people waiting. The staff are very friendly, and helpful especially Frank in ConceirgeOUTSIDE HOTELThe tube station was literally outside the door, however we never had the need to use it as we walked everywhere. There is a lovely greek restaurant below the hotel, which you can access through the hotel which was great on the days we didn't want to go far for dinner and face the cold, as it was very, very cold. I thought London was bad!FOODWe found the food in general quite expensive, and a tip is expected at 20%, and they are quite forthcoming in asking. In fact after eating at the burger bar opposite the hotel, on our first night and leaving $3, we were shouted at by the waitress, saying we must leave $8 despite her not being very helpful at all. Similar situations happened throughout the holiday, so be aware that if you don't leave a tip, they will probably challenge it. NEW YEARS EVEWe arrived on new years eve, as it's meant to be the best place to celebrate, but we were quite disappointed. We decided to go out at 9pm, which we assumed was still 'early' but by this time there were so many people, and the pavements were shut off, we couldn't walk any further then outside the hotel and congregate in the road.I never expected to be at the front, but I assumed they would put the big screens/speakers up so you can see and hear what was happening, in the sides road leading up to times sq, however there was nothing, and although we were close, due to the amount of people, we could not see or hear anything at all. After one hour of standing in the cold and not moving any further forward we decided to go to the bar in the hotel, and came back out at 11.45pm, which was a nice atmosphere as everyone was counting down and fireworks were let off in central park. It wasn't until we got back to the hotel we saw the celebritites and events throughout the night that took place in Times Square which looked fantastic but unfortunately we didn't see anything. Apparently people start congregating at 4pm, if not earlier, but to be honest even if we arrived earlier it was so cold, and impossible to stand for that long. Be aware if you do want to aim for the front and get there early, if you move for the toilet/food you will lose your place and no alcohol is allowed.SHOPPINGI would strongly recommend a trip to Woodbury Common, it's about an hour from the Port Authority Bus Terminal and costs $40 but the money you save there in comparison to shops on 5th Avenue, you will not regret it, not only are the prices cheaper, it was then offering a further discount and if you go to the visitors centre, you will receive a big booklet of further discounts which can you used with other offers so can work out very cheap.5th Avenue wasn't very cheap, but was a great experience, and walking from Central Park to 34th Street, we managed to fit in lots of sight seeing too. I would recommend flat and comfortable shoes and if you go in the winter, a hat, scarf and gloves.SIGHTSEEINGOn our last night we visited the Marriott Marquis Hotel, which has a revolving restaurant/bar on the 47th floor. It was AMAZING! you can see everything, and the rooms are lovely decorated, it was very romantic, but there was groups of people too so caters for everyon. it was a lovely atmosphere. Be aware that even if you stay for a drink, you will be charged for the view which was about $12, and we were not made aware of this before, but for us it was worth it and a great experience.	
Jan 11 2009 	Good value location for your money	Stayed at theWellington hotel for 6 nights over the new newyear great location. Rooms was clean and had all the expected facilities except they dont provide tea/coffee facilities. Have rebooked with the Wellington for August hotel is a bit tired but still great loaction with subway outside centralpark and time square 5 min walk. Over all good value for money with friendly staff.	
Jan 11 2009 	disappointed	smallest room I have ever encountered when staying in the US,ditto the bed,UK double equivalentno facilities for making a drink in the roomstaff helpful and friendlyLifts -patience is needed!!!!Park Cafe greta food quality and quantitylocation good	
Jan 10 2009	great location	Arrived at the hotel on the 30th December and although we booked a year ago there was a mix up and they did not have a room for us at first! Rooms are small but clean,we stayed in room 1141(faced the road)on the first night but we moved room s at 4.30am as I am sure there was some kind of rodent crawling about the heating system and the heating kept making clunking noises.Moved to a room with no road view but alot quieter which was nice.The advantage this hotel has is its location 3 mins from central park and a subway station outside the hotel.Don`t eat at the cafe next to the hotel as although the food is good the prices are high,if you go round the corner to telon cafe same food half the price and not too busy,also eat on 9th Ave lots of choice and fantastic prices.	
Jan 8 2009	lovely stay at the wellington	The location is great, just walk straight south and you are right in time square. We booked through expedia and got a better room than my brother in law that booked directly with the hotel. our room was about twice as big and about 25% less than they paid. The rooms are cute with traditional decor, very clean. The staff was okay, but this guy that worked in the gift shop was amazing. he got us really good tickets on broadway cheap, and pretty much helped us with everything since it was our first time there.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Location	I stayed in this hotel with two friends in December; we booked a double double room, which consisted of two bedrooms and a little kitchenette. The hotel has seen better days and could do with being re decorated as the decor was a little jaded. Our room was very dark as the windows looked out on to a shaft. The room was always too hot and there was no way to reduce the heat. While they provided a little kitchenette, there were no cups or cutlery of any kind. There was a kettle and a fridge but you couldn't make a cup of tea so it seemed rather pointless. The hotel is very clean and the location is excellent. All in all, it suited us as we wanted somewhere central, clean and very reasonably priced. This hotel is fine if you plan to spend very little time at the hotel, and who wants to sit in their hotel when they are in New York.	
Jan 2 2009 	Good Value and Location	After reading some reviews I was worried about staying at this hotel. While it does require updating, it was clean and cosy with a great central location.	
Dec 31 2008	Not Up To US Standards	We chose this hotel b/s it was next to Carnegie Hall and one block from Times Square. It is half the price of Park Central across the street. However, due to the condition of the ammenities, most uncomfortable bed, low quality sheets, poor upkeep, we wish we'd doubled our hotel budget and stayed elsewhere. This reminded me of hotels that are 100-200 years old in Europe...frankly, we slept with windows closed but were still worried about night rodent visitors (as windows were left open on upper floors in the hallway). Antiquated elevators became stuck and were even held by hotel personnel for their own convenience...while visitors waited below!!! We stayed in the 13th floor penthouse paying extra for more room...which was like a storage closet with a tv in it. The foldaway bed provided was unusable and had green gum stuck to the bottom; it would fold up if you were to lie upon it...a little dangerous for my son to sleep on. Subway was outside hotel which was nice. If you stay here, just know what you are getting and what you are not.	
Dec 30 2008 	Love This Hotel!	My friend and I booked this hotel through Thomas Cook.Great value and such brilliant flight times! We arrived at the hotel early (11am) and were given our room strait away! we rushed upstairs chucked our cases down quickly got changed and freshend up and we were off!You only need to have a look on Google maps to see just how central this hotel is! ITS FANTASTIC! we walked everywhere! I mean everywhere! Yes the hotel room was small but the gorgeous views of Times Square made up for that, We didnt eat at the hotel as we found the best little cafe just up the street (on the way to times square) called 'Fluffys' Well... it suited us down to the ground! Hot tosted bagels every morning and really realy good looking muffins all at such reasonable prices!I would recomend goin to see the Emire state obviously but i wouldnt recomend going up it! Rockerfeller is Cheaper, bigger, no ques and as a bonus you get the empire state in all your pictures of the views! For your evening meal.. and entertainment I can highly recomend 'Ellens Stardust Diner' its in times square (just off) all the wait staff are at profoming arts school and work on broadway trying to make it big, But oh man can they sing!! They wil just burst into song between serving (the food is tasty too) so much fun! If you look on You Tube you can have a sneeky preview!I have already booked my next visit in march 09 and am staying at the Wellington again :)Hope this helps!	
Dec 29 2008 	Great stay	We stayed at the Wellington Hotel the week before Christmas for five nights and had such a fantastic time. The Hotel was very centrally located, we were checked in quickly and had our bags taken to our room straight away. Although we didn't have much of a view, the room was spacious, clean and comfortable and all we needed when we were up and out for 8.30 and out for most of the day and night. The room was cleaned daily with clean sheets and towels. It was only a 5 minute walk into Times Square and 5 minutes into Central Park, with the Subway across the road and numerous Delis to choose from. We found the Deli immediately across the road quite expensive, but Fluffy's and the Stage Deli was enjoyable and reasonable. In the Cafe attached to the hotel we paid $12 for two small beers. Tips did seem to eat into our holiday budget quite a lot over there. We found we were within walking distance of the Empire State Building and Macy's, although a bit of a trek, and also the Rockerfeller Centre. We paid $49 each for the All Around City hop on hop off bus trips with Grayline Red bus tours, where we had an uptown tour, downtown tour and Holiday lights night tour, and could have had the Brooklyn tour but you had to pick up the bus from the South side. You could get off any time you liked, visit the place you wanted and jump back on the next available bus which came every 15 mins. We found the hotel a fantastic base, staff were extremely helpful, and on the day we left, as soon as we came down with our suitcases, a porter asked if we needed a taxi to the airport and that they would keep our suitcases for the rest of the day until we needed to leave. For $55 all in he ordered a luxury Sedan to take us to the airport, when a yellow cab cost $45 plus $5 toll plus tip from the airport. Everything was so well organised. I wouldn't hesitate to book this hotel again and hope to go again in the future.PS. Must visits are the Charmin Restrooms on Times Square!	
Dec 28 2008 	Great Location	By far the most positive thing about this hotel was the location - near to Times Square, Central Park, Radio City and numerous other places of interest. The hotel itself was pleasant enough- but then you don't go to New York to spend time in the hotel. The lobby area was always really busy and sometimes we had to wait an age for the lift. The room was a little worn around the edges, but was generally clean and warm. There were 4 female members of my family in the room and we had two double beds. It was nicely set up for us, with the beds in two separate areas, and two separate bathrooms. The attached cafe was nice enough for breakfast but was so busy they were sometimes queuing out of the door - and you therefore felt a bit rushed. There are plenty of other, less busy, places to have breakfast in the area. Considering the location and the price we paid, I'd say this hotel offered good value for money.	
Dec 27 2008	The Wellington Hotel Bait and Switch	I booked a double double in July for a vacation after Christmas. Arrived at the hotel yesterday and instead of having my room, they told me they were sold out and sent me to their &quot;sister&quot; hotel. I saw them do this to several other guests too while I was standing there. Their sister hotel is old and the rooms are tiny. As a seasoned business traveler, I know a hotel bait and switch when I see it. All travelers beware when you book at the Wellington Hotel in NYC.	
Dec 27 2008 	Simple hotel great location	The Wellington Hotel itself was not very special: room was small (but not too small); bathroom simple and clean. The location however is great: 300 ft from Central Park and next to metrostation.	
Dec 19 2008 	Just there!	I stayed at The Wellington December 16-18th. I arrived on a red-eye and they kindly allowed me to check-in around 10:30AM even though their stated time is 3PM. I did call a day in advance to make this request. I arrived as a single traveler and they gave me a two bedroom/two bathroom suite on the 24th floor with views of Central Park to the north. The hotel is very conveniently located to all major attractions. It does have some wear and tear on it (door casings scuffed, a few carpet stains, etc.), but my room was clean. The bed mattress was quite soft. The drawbacks to the hotel room was that there was not any small fridge or coffee maker, which is generally standard in many hotel rooms. I would like to have saved some left overs from expensive meals out, but there was no way to keep them fresh. I would suggest taking/buying a collapsible vinyl cooler and getting ice (provided by room service only) to chill drinks/left overs. A nearby deli, BENASH, which is immediately south of the hotel on 7th and 55th, is a place I would NOT RECOMMEND. My lunch was $27 (chicken salad sandwich, fries and $5.95 drink) plus $5 tip totaled to a $32 lunch for one. The sandwich was so ridiculously overs-sized that I ended up wasting half of it because of no fridge in the hotel room. Secondly, this same deli charged me $6.40 for a canoli, which was tasteless and the crust was limp/damp. The bakery right next door to the south sells canolis for $3.50. The hotel has a lot of tourists staying there and it is a good bargain overall. The staff were all friendly.	
Dec 19 2008 	Travel Agent Review... Fab!!	Me and my friend travelled to New York on Sunday 14th and stayed 3 nights in the Wellington Hotel, we flew into JFK which was very staright forward but we did wait at passport control for about an hour. Taxi from outside the airport was a flat rate $45 inc tolls not tips again very straight forward.HOTEL:Upon arrival at the Wellington hotel we were very happy, we checked in very busy but quick, given room 426 (4th floor) very clean tidy and had everything you needed in order to lay your head after all your not in NYC to stay in your room all day! Bathroom facilities were just what we needed bath toilet sink and a very powerful shower considering it was an old shower, the only MINOR prob was me and my friend had a double bed?? we booked throu hayes and jarvis who said a standard room was twin beds, this is not the case, but as i said before we only needed to sleep in the bed and it was big enough and comfy enough for the both of us. The lifts are a little slow and rather small so for those on higher floors this may be an issue for us we didnt mind.LOCATION:What a fantastic location!! 7th Ave at 55th Street. Central Park was at the end of 7th Ave literally a 3min walk, Times Sq was about a 5-10min walk at most, go on to 5th Ave and you were the perfect end for all the shops! Rockafella Centre was only a few blocks down and the Empire State was a bit of a walk at 34th Street but we did walk it, there and back!! 5mins from 53rd Street Subway and take the E train to the last stop for Ground Zero and then you can walk from Ground Zero to the ferry port for Liberty and Ellis Island!PRICES:An idea for anyone travelling out to NYC in the near future,Liberty and Ellis Island $12Rockafella Top of the Rock $20Subway Round Trip to Ground Zero $4ppEmpire State Building $25Taxi From JFK $45 plus tipPrivate Car to Newark arrange by hotel $75 plus tipCentral Park Ice Skating $23 inc skate hire, locker and skate for as long as you like $6 return for lockersCentral Park Zoo $10TIPS:Rockafella Top Of The Rock we did this at 11pm and it was pratically empty which was fab we had the New York Skyline to ourselves.Bloomingdales offers an 11% off visitors card, get this from the visitors station and you can get 11% off everyting but food and perfumes.OVERALL:Overall this was a fantastic holiday, an extra night would have been nice and made it the perfect break. I would defo stay at this hotel again, for those on a budget but want location and friendlyness this hotel is the Number 1 choice. I can't wait to go back as there is sooo much more to do! but I will give it a year or so before i went back, otherwise i wouldnt be able to appreciate it all over again.	
Dec 18 2008 	Fantastic Hotel for our 25th Anniversary!	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Wellington for our 25 anniversary - and it was absolutely wonderful!! We arrived early for check-in on a Sunday, and the staff was so courteous about doing the paperwork for us and holding our bags where we could go on &quot;out and about&quot; on the city. We returned to a lovely, clean, and well furnished queen room, with the side views of 55th Street and the Carnegie Deli on 7th. The rooms were a very good size for New York City, and the only time we had to call the front desk (needed extra pillows), the service was courteous and prompt! The bed slept wonderfully - very comfortable - and the bathroom was newly remodeled, with marble looking tile floors, extremely clean, and with an absolutely fabulous showerhead with lots of water pressure (sometimes hard to find in older hotels!). The hotel is within easy walking distance everywhere - it is very centrally located, both to Central Park, Times Square, and Rockefeller Center - in fact, we even walked all the way back from our visit to the Empire State Building!! (quite a hike!) The attached restaurant serves quite a tasty breakfast, and the famous Carnegie Deli is just right across the street. Check-out was just as easy as checking in - and since it was only noon, and our flight didn't leave until 6 pm, the hotel once again held our bags for us - the bellhops are awesome about keeping up with your luggage and your shopping bags!! I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone, whether it is a romantic getaway, or a family vacation - you probably won't find a better deal or more helpful staff anywhere in NYC!!	
Dec 18 2008 	Great location!	After reading mixed reviews on this website regarding Wellington Hotel, I wasn’t looking forward to staying at this hotel. When checking in we were told that our room wasn’t ready but we had been given a free upgrade from a standard double room to a queen sized room. We were shown to our room despite it not being ready and asked if we could return in about an hour. The room was spacious and well presented. The room and adjoining bathroom were cleaned every day. We found the staff friendly and very helpful.The hotel is five minutes from Times Square and 10 minutes from Central Park, so overall a fantastic location.After staying here for a week, I would definitely recommend this hotel to others and I would stay here again!	
Dec 16 2008 	Best yet	Just returned from NYC on 16th Dec.This was my wife and I fourth trip in six years(we are mid 30s)and can honestly say this is by far the best hotel we have stayed at.Central park is 5 mins walk,Times Square is 5-10mins walk,57th subway is right outside hotel to take all the way downtown.Diners,restaurants,pubs(which we used a lot)scattered all around.We got a king room which was massive,looked like a brand new bathroom,which was big and had a great power shower.The only thing I could maybe moan about was the noise at night on the sidestreet (dont think windows were soundproofed)but after a few drinks normally fell asleep anyway.Staff were very nice and helpful.One tip I would give to anyone travelling to/from Newark airport is to get the Newark Liberty bus from the airport to Port Authority on 42nd st/8Ave,then take a cab to your hotel for a couple of dollars,then do the same on the way back.$15 dollars one way other than $75-$100 for a cab.The bus service is quick,clean,and evey 15 mins from right outside terminal.Enjoy .	
Dec 14 2008 	Loved the Wellington Hotel!!!	Although we only stayed one night in the hotel, we loved it! We had a wonderful room in the upper floors with a nice view of Central Park. Unfortunately we had to check out several days early unexpectedly and we were concerned since it was a weekend that we may not be able to get out of the reservation. However upon calling the front desk, the staff was courteous and more than understanding and we were able to cancel the remainder of our reservation without any hassle. Found the room to be plenty big in size and the bathroom was a little dated but none the worse for wear. Everything was comfortable and clean. If you are looking for luxury hotel, this may not be the hotel for you but if you are looking for a nice, safe, clean place to stay in NYC this is perfect. Staff is wonderful from the bellboy service to the valet to the front desk personnel, everyone was more than accomodating. Centrally located for uptown and downtown access and there is access to a subway just a block south of the property. Next time I am plan a trip to NYC I will definately stay at the Wellington Hotel.	
Dec 14 2008 	Great location	This hotel was very basic, but is all you need when you are visiting New York!! The rooms are quite small but they are clean. The location of the hotel is excellent and is just about a block away from Central Park and a few blocks from Times Square. Would definitely go back to this hotel when visiting New York in the future.	
Dec 14 2008	Fantastic Time!	Having read mixed reviews about the hotel before booking, i was a little apprehensive, but having spoken to colleagues who had stayed there(un be known to me) i felt better. I have nothing but praise for the hotel, our check in was fast and efficient, bellboy pleasent and courteous, room big enough for us as we didnt spend a vast amount of time in it!room cleaned every day, maids freindly,Location superb.cannot fault it in anyway!and would definatley stay there again and recommend friends to stay there too.I only booked a standard room, but emailed them to request a twin, they replied that they noted my request and if possible would oblige, which they duly did! with a great view of Times Square!	
Dec 11 2008 	wouldn't recommend the welling hotel to my worst enemy!!	Booked this break with 3 other ladies. Booked 2 twin bedded rooms, only to find when we arrived this was not available. Offered 2 rooms with a double bed in each, so were expected to sleep with another person. TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE. They eventually put a small put-u-up bed in each of the already small rooms. The final insult was un-ironed bed linen. Staff attitude very brusque and rude. Take it or leave it attitude. Would not stay there again, as I might be expected to sleep with a complete stranger!!Susan of Solihull West MidlandsDate of break 25th - 28th October 2008	
Dec 11 2008 	Lovely time!!	After reading some of the reviews we thought why did we book here. Shouldn't have worried as everything was fine.We had booked a one bedroom suite for four girlfiends. Our room was on the 12th floor in the East wing - no view but very clean and spacious. Hotel staff efficient and helpful. Ask the concierge to book limo for your return to the airport you maybe pleasantly surprised at the type of limo you get - we certainly were. The location of the hotel is ideal for everything. We had no complaints about this hotel. New York city has something for everyone and visiting at the holiday season is a must.!!!!	
Dec 9 2008	love the big apple	The Wellington is a standard tourist hotel in a central location. It was clean, busy and friendly. Within easy reach of all main sights and underground links. All of the staff we met could not have been more helpful. New York in the holiday season is so excitingg - not to be missed!.	
Dec 4 2008 	Worth a visit	Not as bad as we anticipated. Great location - very close to Times Square, good restaurants, shopping &amp; Central Park. Attached diner has excellent food &amp; is also very handy for a coffee as there are no facilities in the hotel rooms. Room was very small &amp; bathroom tiny! The cleaners need re-training as the room was very dusty &amp; a previous residents' smelly sock greeted us when we pulled the chest of drawers away to access the only available plug socket. Reception was ok &amp; friendly but always busy which meant queueing most of the time. Overall we enjoyed our stay but will be looking for an alternative next time.	
Dec 2 2008 	4th visit already planning 5th	Stayed for 4 nights, 4 of us shared a suite, and well worth the extra money...we had a fantastic time, rooms spacious, clean and any problems fixed in double quick time. Staff at Park Cafe even helped when our wine opener snapped....opening our bottle, so it was feet up and relax after a busy day! As everyone says, great location...you will see lots! Another tip....try and arrive at 4pm and allow for 2hrs to get to hotel, unpack and walk to Rockerfellar Centre and travel up 67 floors in 43 seconds to see the Manhatten by night!! Cost $20 but $2 dollar vouchers in leaflets hotel lobby.	
Dec 2 2008	loved it	just got back from new york and stayed at the wellington. it was brilliant. we had a lovely suite for four of us with a view of central park. the room was lovely and clean. the beds were changed every day as was the towels. after reading some of the other reviews we were beginning to think we had made a mistake but can honestly say couldnt fault it. We had breakfast at carnegie deli right opposite the hotel everyday the breakfast was so big we had to share it. can highly recommend the helicopter ride. amazing views of the statue of liberty. We prebooked a car company who picked us up from the airport and took us back again thet were alexatransportation.com. brilliant. The locals are so nice and friendly we didnt want to come home	
Dec 1 2008 	Front Desk Scam	This hotel got off on the wrong foot and never improved. After completing the check in process the woman behind the desk said &quot;A bellman will take you up to your room to be sure everything is OK since it is before our official check in time.&quot; This sounded fishy, especially since it was 2:30, the official check in time was 3pm. So instead of being able to go up to my room, I waited in the lobby for 5-10 minutes for the guy to show up. He took one look at me carrying a small single bag (just an overnight trip) and asked if I had any luggage. I said no, and he handed me the key and told me I was on the 23rd floor. Obviously what the woman at the front desk said was a lie and they just say that to help the bellmen get tips from people who would otherwise prefer to carry their own luggage.The room was fine, what you'd expect for the price in Manhattan. When I was leaving, however, one of the three elevators was out of service and it took me 10 minutes to get down (I would have walked if I wasn't on the 23rd floor).	
Nov 29 2008	Not the best	I stayed at the Wellington from 22nd - 27th November 2008. We were checked in fine and were taken to our room, we passed the lifts everyone else seemed to be using and down a corridor to another lift that looked very dated, we gathered that we had been put in one of the old rooms. Our room itself was pretty big, with a massive bed. It was very ... well floral ha. The room itself was clean, although you could see where the wallpaper was coming away near the heater. The bathroom was ever so small. I could touch the shower, door and sink at once without stretching far at all. But it was clean. We knew we would not be spending much time in the hotel so agreed that it would do. And we were right we had far too much shopping to do. The main problem with the room was the noise!! At night you could here all the pipes going outside, some nights it did even wake us up. If people passed outside the room it was easy to make out what they were saying. The security on the room door was not so great either. although it locked and there was a chain the door still moved, which was a bit strange. There was no safe in the room but you could get one down stairs if you wanted. Our room was always clean, bed made, new towels and all. so that part was great. Location was brilliant. But if i was being picky yes i would stay here again but i would defo make sure i had a newer room.	
Nov 28 2008 	Great!!!!!!	Myself and my husband stayed there 20-25th Nov 2008 our 3rd time in NY, but its the only hotel we would go back to. We were upgraded when we got there room 2735. Great location diner next door serves great breakfeast even takeaway!!! Starbucks across the street for coffee. Subway nxt door - Located within walking distance to all shops 5th ave macys Irish bar (Rosie o'gradys) just down the street so is carniege delli great cakes. If your like me with no sense of direction this hotel is good for you right beside central park and times square. Staff very helpful rooms very clean. Im going back next november with my sisters without my husband and would feel confident enough because of its location. The only bit of advice I would say dont make calls from your room costs a fortune buy card for gift shop in hotel calls only cost 90cent a call. Take a trip 2 jersey gardens worth it bring big bag or suit case with u for the bags if u like to shop like us irish !!! Hope u enjoy it as much as we did. Jen &amp; Keenan (Ireland)	
Nov 26 2008 	Great location great service	I stayed in the Wellington Hotel, New York, for 5 nights in November 2005. After reading some bad reviews here, i was not looking forward to it as much as i would usually. How wrong could i have been. The hotel is in a great location for all the major attractions. Central Park, Times Square, Broadway, 5th Avenue etc. It is a clean hotel with all the facilities you need. Polite and helpful staff. And a real buzz in reception. We found a great little bar just a block away, we also found a lovely little diner, where we had our breakfast most mornings. Good access to the Subway also close by, so that was not a problem. All round i really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The only bad thing i could say was the attitude of one of the bar staff in the adjoining Bar. One of our party, who's 21st Birthday it was, asked for a Manhattan cocktail and his attitude was terrible, he scowled and said &quot;why are you ordering that, just because you are in Manhattan&quot;. This was unnacceptable.	
Nov 23 2008 	Excellent Location !	Overall this hotel is nice... Most of the staff are friendly-especially the bell boys! - the reception team being the least friendly! The room we had was VERY small! As you opened your door, the bed was literally to your left and a small bathroom- but that's all we needed!The location is excellent! We (Me and my boyfriend- now fiancee after getting engaged there!! ) were on the 18th floor, as you looked out of our window- to the left was time square, to the right central park and straight ahead is Broadway!I'd say that this is an ideal hotel for couples and families with older children... We were there for sightseeing so didn't need a huge room. If your going to unwind or a relaxing break- ask for a suite! (The rooms were so small!) Overall- a nice hotel for your money! Not the Waldorf or not a hostel! Just a nice in between hotel with a outstanding location!P.s ... Do the helicopter flight over Manhattan - AMAZING! Worth every penny!Enjoy NEW YORK- We did x	
Nov 21 2008 	Great location but!	My husband and I have just returned from a 5 night stay at this hotel the good points first; the location is great, only 5-8mins to Times Square and 5mins to Central Park. The subway is next door to the Park Cafe (provide a good breakfast but is very busy first thing in the morning). The personnel at the hotel are friendly and helpful. Concerns; Our room was on the 18th floor number 1841, it was clean but tired and obviously needed refurbishment. You could not control the temperature in the room and at night the room became unbearably hot and stuffy. There were no tea and coffee making facilities and they skimped on the toileteries available, ie no tissues. We had a problem with the shower in this room, you could not adjust the bath &amp; shower facility to turn of one or the other, therefore water would come out of the taps and the shower head! This room was a no-smoking room but unfortunately the air vent in the bathroom allowed smoke from other rooms to penetrate our room which was not pleasant. A Starbucks is directly opposite the hotel, which provides a cheap alternative for breakfast and which you can take back to your room. Do eat in the Carnegie Deli which is opposite the hotel and great atmosphere and good food.I believe this hotel is classed as a 3 star, but I would class it as a 2 star. Would I stay there again, only after refurbishment.Advice to future travellers, take a walk over Brooklyn Bridge the views are great looking back over Manhattan. At the end of St Christopher Street, lower Manhattan, East side, there is a broadwalk and pier which has wonderful views over the Hudson River, Statue of Liberty and the New Jersey Coastline. The Times Warner Centre has a great food hall on the lower floor level. Buy a Pay as You go Metro card cost $2 per ride (at time of writing) and you can use it for all the family. Visitors to Macy's can obtain a discount on goods by visiting the Visitor's Centre.	
Nov 19 2008 	What more can you want	The location of the hotel is just what everyone wants. The rooms are clean and tidy. We had the most basic room. But, What do you want for a couple of days in NYC. The subway outside the door, a short walk to Times Square and Central Park. Perfect for a short stay	
Nov 13 2008 	Well it wasn't horrible	Let me preface this review by the fact that I used to be a hotel manager - and luckily I was part of an award winning team so I was able to work with some amazing people over the years so I only get critical when things aren't how they should be and are not &quot;corrected&quot; when brought to someone's attention.The reviewers are correct - the lobby can be quite small - the hotel seems to like taking on large groups and when they are arriving/departing the lobby becomes quite congested, but hey, you're in NYC.The room we had booked was a Queen - and we were pleasantly suprised with the nice size of the room and it even had a kitchenette which was a plus, however too bad they don't provide coffee for the coffee machine in the room. So here starts my &quot;small&quot; rant. It's the details that make the difference in a guest's stay - I was disappointed by there not being coffee provided for a room that had a coffee maker in it. When I inquired at the &quot;Convenience Store/Gift Shop&quot; off the lobby if they carried coffee for the guest rooms, the clerk (maybe owner) there told me the hotel had horrible amenities and no they didn't sell coffee for the rooms. This disappointment compounded when we went down to the &quot;cashier&quot; booth the next day to get change for our American $50's only to be told that they didn't have any change, to which I said, &quot;but you're the cashier??&quot; and then told to go line up at the Guest Services counter (keep in mind how busy everything is) - only to be told once again that there was no change and to come back later - this was 9:15 am in the morning - surely the manager was around by that time to be able to get them change. We went down the street to a bank instead - which is an inconvenience.We ordered room service one morning and it was perfect. Good presentation, quality and temperature.The hotel was perfect for us Broadway show hopping and just a quick walk to Times Square so overall very conveniently located.Would I do it over again... maybe - overall there wasn't really anything major wrong - just nothing to make me go wow I really want to stay here again next time we visit NYC - we usually go every two years - maybe next time it will be at another hotel deserving of our travel $'s.	
Nov 11 2008 	A pleasant experience	After reading previous reviews my daughter and I were a little wary. I have to agree with some of the reviews in that the hotel is a little tired and in need of reburbishment. However our room was spotlessly clean.The room was on the small side with a very compact bathroom. We had requested a twin room but the one allocated to us was a double. We were immediately asked if we wanted an extra bed put in the room. This we confirmed and soon after we checked in a second bed was delivered.The next morning our shower would only deliver cold water. This we reported to reception and within an hour maintenance was there and the hot water restored to the shower. All of the staff we had contact with were always very pleasant and appeared keen to make our stay as comforable as possible.	
Nov 10 2008 	Discount Rate With Pros and Cons	I have read a few negative reviews on this hotel property but I stayed there to keep my cost down on a trip to New York. I typically stay in very nice properties (Marriott, Hilton, Westin, Double Tree)but they get very expensive in New York. Many of these cost over $480 per night with taxes. I decided to lower my cost and ended up at the Wellington. Cons: old and needs updating, small outdated bathrooms, slow elevator, strange heating/cooling in hallways and elevator. Pros: amazing location, all kinds of restaurants, near great shopping, has very nice ajoining restaurants and bar not part of the hotel, nice bed, nice staff, $275 per night. If you spend a great deal of time in your room and in the hotel itself you might not like this hotel. Nice hotel for younger people looking for a price break.	
Nov 10 2008 	Great location nice staff great for a value stay in Manhattan	I recently stayed at the Wellington with a friend on a whirlwind trip we were making through Manhattan (3 days, 2 nights). I booked this hotel through Priceline and received an excellent deal. NYC is very expensive, especially for a Midwesterner like myself, and it was a great hotel to find if you are on a budget. Every staff member I encountered, from the front desk clerk to the bellboys to the room service people, was very friendly and helpful. Pros: Excellent location to midtown Manhattan, which can give you the option of walking a lot or, if you use cab rides, they will not be so expensive. A subway stop is located literally right outside the door.A number of airport shuttle services stop there.A number of restaurants (some that are 24/7) are within walking distance.Room service staff are friendly and the food arrived in record speed each time. We were given a free upgrade to a bigger room as soon as we walked in the door.The room smelled clean and pleasant upon arrival.The room came with a flat-screen TV, a hairdryer and an iron/ironing board, which were great. Cons:Hotel has a lot of older fixtures and my friend and I commented numerous times that the decor reminded us of The Shining.The elevators are tiny, cramped, and seemed to be blazing hot at all hours.The room was set at 85 degrees when we arrived and we were about to roast to death.I was not sure what the security situation was like at the hotel and that gave me pause. The room had not been properly re-stocked when we arrived. We had linens and towels but barely any toilet paper or kleenex and no room service menu or hotel guide. When we called the front desk, these items were promptly delivered to us. I would recommend this hotel if, like us, you are travelling to Manhattan for a short, un-lavish trip.	
Nov 3 2008 	Brilliant location	Stayed in the Wellington on a short tirp for shopping and a bit of sightseeing. Chose it for its great location and excellant reputation. When we arrived we were taken to our room on the 23rd floor (its 27 floors high). Our flight was delayed so we arrived at midnight but as soon as we stepped in the room door all was forgotten when we looked out the window at the view of the lights of Times Square. Could not have asked for more of a welcome. With the hotel on 7th and 55th its within walking distance of nearly everywhere. On the Sunday there is stalls/,markets just outside the hotel and all the way down to Times Square, selling loads of handbags and NYC souvenirs. The hotel has a fantastic cafe/diner attached to it that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. It was packed everyday we went to it so you may have to wait a few minutes to get a table. Think it was open from 6am until 1am. Some rooms come with kitchenettes which is really helpful. The staff were all so helpful and were happy to give you advice on anything. I had been to New York before so didnt have to ask about much. The best advice is to get the concerage to book a town car to take you to the airport as taxis from Manhattan are not regulated like coming from JFK. Only cost $55 and was such a luxury, very Sex and the City!	
Nov 3 2008	lovely trip	Bit unsure about the hotel from previous trip advisor reviews. was pleasantly surpised. room was very spacious and clean. we had a suite for 4 which has one double bed and a queen bed and a single bed. we were on the 15th floor with great views of new york. I came with a party of 8 and we enjoyed ourselves so much. the weather wasn't great for 2 of the 5 days but that didn't stop us from shopping and sightseeing. the hotel is in a great location and the cafe downstairs is ideal for breakfast but go early as it is very popular. got a new year pass for 3 days but though it was a waste of money as we only used it twice. make sure you book tickets online for access to the statue of liberty momument at least a week before you arrive and go early in the day as the queue can be quite long. we are already thinking of going back next year during the summer and would stay in the same hotel.	
Nov 2 2008 	okay	We stayed here for 3 nights, we had two rooms. The first room had a double bed with a toilet and shower. The room also had a tv. There was a Partitioning. On the other side of the partioning, there was another double bed. There was also another toilet and shower in the room plus tv. This room is handy if you have children, the room is not totally seperate but you have a slight partition. The room was in need of a touch up. The one major problem that we incurred was the heating. We had to ask the hotel to send the engineere to our roon as it did not seem to work and it was freezing, especially in the mornings. We were told that the hotel controlled when you can turn your heating on and it was not due to come on until 8am in the morning. This really annoyed me. I have a young child who gets up very early. Why should we be shivering. I told the hotel that I wanted to be able to turn the heating on when I required it, the hotel offered us more blankets!!! My friends stayed in an other room. They were able to control there own heating as and when required so i dont quite understand it. The hotel was in a very good location. Close to everyting but there are other hotels in the same location. There are lifts in the hotel but these can be extremely busy at certain times. A few times, we were waiting for over 4 min for a lift or having to make a mad rush to get into a lift as so many people waiting. Overall okay and staff were friendly but I think I will look for somewhere else next time I visit NYC.	
Nov 1 2008	Poor	No booking when I arrived (been booked for 8 months) sorted it out but as is with most Hotels in this area, overpriced, no hot water one day due to a large conference being booked, Hotel is tired, electrical fittings loose in walls, dust on light fittings, could not regulate shower, very easy to get scalded when there was hot water. The only plus factor is as it says in other reviews, Great Location. Would not stay here again	
Oct 28 2008 	LOVED it	I stayed at this hotel a while ago, for a week. Amazing hotel, try and ask if you can have a really high floor for even better views. Perfect location, 2 mins from times square 10 mins to central park. It's got some old style New York charm. They make a good room service burger too!  The rooms are perfectly fine, tv with lots of channels, nice bathroom, clean tidy, smelt good, clean carpets and clean sheets. Not one complaint! I'd go back to this hotel in a second. Great hotel in an even greater city!	
Oct 28 2008 	Great Location And Good Value For Money	After reading quite a few reveiws on this site over the last few months we were a little worried but the latest reviews had made us feel a little better about the hotel.I took on board a few reviews about asking for one of the newer decorated rooms however when I asked for this they said they had sold out, reception seemed to be manic most of the time so I do believe them on that. On arriving at our room we were OK with it, it was old and yes did need decorating but comfortable bed and clean so as it was just a sleeping base no problem. Was by the lift and a little noisey but by the time we hit the sack to tired to notice.Was not impressed by the hotel eating venue, turn right out of the main entrance of the hotel and then first left there is a nice italian eating diner, old fashioned looking, which gives great food, not as cheap as the local deli's but better priced than the hotel with better food, plus there is a guy there that works there who is the double of Morgan Freeman, and loves to be told it too. Very nice place to eat.We used the Airport Shuttle booked through the gift shop on line before we travelled and that was very punctual so no gripes at all there.We would use this hotel again and hopefully they may have decorated next time.	
Oct 27 2008 	Excellent location	My family and I have just returned home after a five day stay at this hotel. After reading some negative reviews I felt I had to put my own review on. We had booked a one bedroom suite and were pleasantly surprised on the size of the rooms which were very clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom was also a good size and very clean. The staff were all very pleasant and the porters were very obliging. The diner adjacent to the hotel was good value for money, especially for breakfast. I would definitely stay here again as the location was excellent.	
Oct 27 2008 	Great view of Central Park!	Great location. We had a room on the north side of the hotel on the 24th storey - great view of Central Park. Room comfortable and clean. Enough storage. Bathroom clean with (shallow) bath, shower over, basin and WC. Room size was fine. Room for a double bed, chair, desk, chest of drawers, bedside cabinet, closet on one side as you came in the door, bathroom on the other. What more could you want for a weekend break? Let's face it, you're not going to NYC to sit in your hotel room.	
Oct 26 2008 	very good hotel	Very good hotel,10 minutes from Time Square.Good clean room at 14 floor,clean en nice.Little nooisy in de night,but we were to tired to notice that. Close by to everything in New York,absolutely worth the price.	
Oct 25 2008 	Great Location	Check in was not great, They wouldn;t accept my type of credit card so had to pay $100 up front for &quot;Extras&quot; Weird as there were no extras to have as they don't provide room service.Room was rather disappointing as was very small and they bathroom was not the cleanest. Big brown stains on bath due to leaking water and when you have a shower you have to run the water for several minutes as it comes out brown at first. Not very nice. We were on the 17th floor so noise was no problem. The decor of the hotel could have been better too.To be honest when in New York your hotel is a base as you are out from moring to night so this hotel is great for that. You probably could not beat the location it is in for the money you pay. A five minute walk and your in Times Square, a five minute walk the other way and you at Carnagie Hall or Central Park.I would come back and put up with the naff decor for the central location anyday. Worth a visit but don;t expect 5***** comfort.	
Oct 24 2008 	Very disappointing	The only good thing about this hotel is the location. The carpet and bedclothes looked dirty, none of the sockets worked, the hairdryer didnt work and when we asked for another one we didnt get one. Would never stay here again.	
Oct 22 2008 	Lousy hotel	The only good thing about this hotel is its location at Times Square and within easy walk to the MOMA. Our room is on the 4th floor, extremely noisy. Bedsheets and towels are not ironed, carpet filthy. The service is Ok though. As for breakast, better start at 7:00 am or 10:00 am or else you ended up queuing on line and staring at people's dish.	
Oct 22 2008 	old and dingy but great location	I am a local, who had to stay there while my in-laws visited from out of town and overtook my apartment. Wellington is in a terrific area--it's fun, happening, and close to everything. It is hence safe as well. There are only few hotels with this level of proximity to all transportation hubs and tourist/business attractions.With this said, this hotel has not been renovated probably since the 1970s, and the cleaning staff isn't exactly thorough. The worn out red carpetting is absolutely ridiculous, and the bathroom is simply yucky. Everything smells like your grandma's basement, naturally.The room was pretty big for a NYC hotel in this price range.All in all, this is a budget hotel for those who don't mind some history. Those seeking simple, modern accommodation will be hugely disappointed.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great Value and Location	Location and Price were excellent as was the room (24th floor), which was fairly standard NY size.On the down side: WiFi access was erratic (but they took off the $10 per day charge without long discussion). Hotel is popular with groups hence slow check-out at times	
Oct 17 2008 	Fantastic Location	This hotel is perfectly situated for sightseeing and shopping. 5 minute walk to Central Park, Broadway and Times Square, 20mins walk to Macy's and The Empire State Building. Many more sights in easy walking distance.Also advised is the Grayline bus tour - 4 bus loops and water taxi to The Statue Of Liberty valid for 48 hours for about $50.Would definitely use this hotel again.	
Oct 14 2008	Hotel next to Carnegie Hall; good coffee shop and restaurant attached	The original room was fine, but we asked for an upgrade so we could have a cot for a friend who was coming the next day.They readily agreed and for $40/night we got a suite with kitchen and extra bed. They were really nice.We met the head housekeeper who was really a charmer.Location is great and both rooms had been newly redone. Good coffee shop and great Greek restaurant attached.	
Oct 13 2008	Fantastic Location	Im a travel agent in the uk and this was my first trip to New York, After much research decided on this hotel, And i must say it was fantastic, from the location - 5 Mins to Central Park ( we saw the David Blaine Dive of Death stunt..Why!! ) 10 Mins walk to Times Square and 5 Mins to Broadway. To the staff - all top notch. We had a room on the 14th floor which had a queen bed and loads of wardrobe space for all our shopping bags!...and i mean LOADS of shopping!! .We purchased a 2 day All Loops City Tour bus ticket which cost about $50 which was well worth the money as we saw no end of sights like Harlem, Brooklyn, Little Italy... i could go on but only having 4 nights booked in New York its definately the best way to do it coz you can get on and off at any stop. We brought the ticket from the Gift shop attached to the hotel and the service was fantastic too.I loved New York and will definately be returning and will not hesitate in booking the Wellington again..Go for it.... You wont regret it....Thats a travel agents promise!.	
Oct 9 2008 	Excellent Location!!!!	Excellent location, 5 mins walk to Times Square, 5 mins to Central Park and 10 - 15 mins to most of the other attractions.Staff really friendly &amp; helpfullonly complaint was the room was boiling hot, you could put fans on but it was so noisy and or room was right next to the boilers or whatever they were, right outside our window which made a right noise - we were on the 3rd floor so im sure if you asked for a room highter up you would be fine.But for location alone - excellent.	
Oct 6 2008 	Loved the Wellington	The Hotel Wellington was great. As reported in previous reviews the hotel is old and small but these are the only two strikes that I could find. I found the age of the hotel charming and from what I am told the size is pretty typical for NY. We like the room to be cold and it was nice having an adjustable thermostat in every room. The hotel was very clean and the location was fantastic! I could see Central Park from my window and just as soon as I stepped outside the door. The staff was super helpful and friendly . They were always ready to answer questions and offer directions to a couple of NY newbies. This was our first trip to New York and I was a little nervous having heard all sorts of stories. I felt very safe at the Wellington. It was within walking distance of most major attractions with a “convenience store” and diner around almost every corner. I would highly recommend this hotel for first timers and I would definitely stay there again. I thought it was a reasonable price for the fantastic location.	
Oct 5 2008 	Fab location!!	My boyfriend and I stayed her for 4 nights over St.Patrick's day and we loved it. It is so close to lots of major tourist attractions. It is a few minutes walk from central park, time square and fifth avenue. The hotel is lovely and very well kept. The rooms are quite basic, but we were rarely in our room, we just used it to sleep and not much more!! The hotel has a gift shop which sells tickets for all the major sightseeing tours and the staff are very friendly and helpful.The only down side is that the window of our room looked out on to the main street and so was quite noisey at night, but I doubt you could find a hotel in NY city that was quiet at night - it really is the city that never sleeps!I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visting the big apple!	
Oct 1 2008	Great value	We stayed at the Wellington Hotel as part of a short break package deal. There was a choice of three hotels but you could request which you stayed at if you booked early enough. After a bit of internet research we chose the Wellington and (after seeing the other two once we got there) were really pleased that we did. The location is brilliant. Central Park is just to the left and Times Square is visible to your right and only a short walk away. Best of all (to a foodie like me) the famous Carnagie Deli was right across the street which was perfect for a late night snack (it is open pretty much 24/7). The hotel itself offers the Park Cafe which is good for a basic and inexpensive breakfast or a caffine top-up before heading out. Not exactly Central Perk but a great place to eavesdrop on locals - less touristy than you might expect.The hotel staff were really friendly and we were suprised by how good the room was as the trip had been such a good price. One of the best 'budget' hotel rooms I've ever had the pleasure of staying in.	
Sep 30 2008 	Position Great hotel no good	This hotel would have the smallest rooms i have ever seen in a hotel. A double bed and one chair took up the whole room. The bathroom was so small the toilet seat would not go done or up with a roll of toilet paper on the dispenser. No bar fridge and no ice machines available . You had to buy ice from the cafe at a cost of 50cents per glass. Position was great with an easy walk or train to most attractions.	
Sep 19 2008 	Best Bang for the Buck	Like many others on here, it was my first time to New York and I read many reviews of NY hotels before finally selecting the Wellington. It is true the rooms are a little dated, small bathroom, but the price was the most reasonable of all. We had breakfast every morning in Central Park as it's just up the street you can't beat that! Walking location to Times Sq, the theatres, great shopping and much more. The truth of the matter is you spend almost zero time in your hotel so to pay lots for esthetics really just cuts into the shopping budget! Staff at the hotel were fantastic, all very friendly and helpful. My sister and i had planned to sleep in the same bed (queen) and they gave us a room with two beds which was more expensive, but for the same price - we thought that was decent as well - have fun - we did!	
Sep 19 2008 	Will stay again!!	I booked two Queen rooms for 3 nights midweek in Sept and had both confirmation #'s in hand when we arrived at 6:35pm. Agent told us they had no Queen rooms, so they kindly upgraded us to a newly renovated Mini suite on the 26th floor (great view) but had to downgrade my daughter's room to a twin. They did lower her rate $40 per night for the inconvenience. When I started to sign the registration card, I realized that the reservations were only for 2 nights.....?? Ok well, they said whomever had made the reservation on their end only had entered 2 nights and we were obligated to pay the higher rate for those nights...haha I lost it, and after much anxiety, the manager Michael &amp; I agreed upon the rate. I would normally stay at the Marriott Marquis or a Sheraton, but this week was a large convention, and their rooms were at a premium $600 - 700. So for the rate of $369 at the Wellington, I wasnt too disappointed. Like other reviewer's say, you are only in your room to sleep. I had read to ask for the newly renovated rooms, and what a difference that makes!! Tile &amp; carpets are new, flat screen tvs...etc. Very spacious rooms also for this area. Great water pressure in bathrooms and the wall unit AC actually worked perfect!I loved the Park Cafe in the lobby. They make the best food in the quickest time ever!! You will not be disappointed. They are also in charge of room service at the hotel, and the same goes there. We ordered full breakfast at 9:00 from Room service and it was delivered hot and delicious at 9:15...I was truly amazed. You rarely get this kind of service in any Hotel! We went into the restaurant Molyvos, but only for a drink at the bar. Nice atmosphere though, I just personally don't care for the Mediterranean cuisine served there. The location of this hotel makes it a big plus IMHO. Close enough to walk to Times Square, Carnegie, Central Park, 5th Ave. Shopping, etc... Also very easy to catch a cab here when you need one. The bellman is wonderful !!We took full advantage of the subway station outside of the hotel. The four of us traveled to World Trade Center site, Statue of Liberty, Herald Square, Times Square and Yankee Stadium over the 3 days. For $2.00 per fare, we saved a great deal of time and money here. And there is always a friendly toll booth person down there to help you if you get lost..which we did once. :) There is a small deli across the street that is open 24 hours per day, which I think is very important to know due to the fact that at midnight the hotel is basically closed. No vending machines, no room service, no restaurants or bars....so when I wanted a soda at 2:00am the hotel told my hubby to walk across the street to pick us up one. All in all, this was a fun trip for us. We came to see the Yankees and spend some time seeing sites we had never seen during our previous winter trip. The Wellington is a charming, old hotel with character and was perfect for our needs. We would definitely stay again.	
Sep 18 2008 	very comfortable stay	I booked a night at the Wellington through priceline (named my own price) after having stayed in a hell-hole the night before (the St Marks Hotel), so after that experience, this place felt like paradise!! First of all, the size of the rooms for the price was a pleasant surprise-- in New York, most hotels in this price range are shoe boxes! My fiance and I stayed in a standard room with a double bed. The carpet was a little stained and the place was clearly old, but I didn't feel like it wasn't clean or anything. The front desk was very nice. I had actually called them that morning at 10am to ask about checking in early (because we had to get out of our hell-hole room by 11am), and they said that the room was ready for me and that we could come over whenever. So instead of having to wait until 3pm to check in, we were in our room by 10:30am! Our room was on a 7th floor, so street noise wasn't really an issue. We were, however, situated near the elevator, so we would occasionally hear the &quot;ding&quot; sound of it arriving on our floor.The location of the hotel is great. Central Park is literally 2 blocks away, which made for a very convenient and pleasant early morning run. Rockefeller Center and Radio City Music Hall are both within walking distance, as well as many other sites. There's also a subway station right outside the hotel entrance, making it easy to get to many other areas of the city. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in New York for less than $200/night.	
Sep 17 2008 	Perfect location	We stayed 12 nights at The Wellington and have re-booked for another 12 nights next February. Coming from Australia to get married, I was a bit disapointed (and worried) when this was the hotel selected for us on Priceline. However, the staff were great and although the interior is a bit dated, our overall experience was a very good one. In fact, because it is so handy to the subway - I mastered it for the first time (in 4 visits). We were upgraded to a King Size room which was pretty much all bed - no fridge and a tiny bathroom - but we hardly spent any time in the actual room. Some of the fittings were missing - handle on the draws for example - just a few details which wouldn't take much effort on the hotels part. Overall though, I would recommend The Wellington, particularly for the location and price.	
Sep 17 2008 	OK	Excellent location, if you want to be in the Carnegie Hall area for a fairly reasonable price. But compare rates and amenities before booking. The Wellington could use a facelife (small, tired rooms and shabby common areas), and it's not the cleanest place I've ever stayed. You are obliged to check in with the cashier before checking out. But my room had good water pressure, the bellstaff is swell (they actually flagged down a cab for me) and the hotel called me to report an item I'd left behind, which usually isn't done these days. All told, I'd give the Wellington a thumbs up, if you are not expecting too much from your room.	
Sep 15 2008 	First time in NY	We spent four nights at The Wellington and despite its well worn and shaby appearance it was an excellent place to stay for our first visit to NY.We couldn't have picked a better location, a few hundred yards from Central Park and the same fromTimes Square. We ate out - Ben Ash deli for breakfast and several delis just across the road for our evening meal. We used the shop in the hotel to book our transfer to JFK - substantially cheaper than the limo suggested by the porter. With a bit more experience I guess we could have managed the train and saved a dollar or two.This was our first visit to NY and we were delighted by the kindness and friendliness of New Yorkers.	
Sep 14 2008 	fantastic location	location is everything in NY and the wellington is superbly situauted !rooms are dated and small and we could hardly turn around in the bathroom BUT its clean and maids are fab!we wernt in NY to spend time in our room so it was perfect!staff were all very friendly and helpfull,particually the bell boys.the cafe adjoining the hotel was fab and very reasonably priced,the restaurant molyvos was hugely overpriced and not worth the money.....stick with the cafe!for a great breakfast/lunch go to fluffys cafe,2 mins walk towards time square.fantastic cafe!also do a bus tour,agents are all over the place and i proberly wouldnt have done one if it hadnt have been recomended to me BUT its the best way to see NY for sure.would definatly go to the wellington again!	
Sep 8 2008	Great location	I was looking for a convenient hotel for my 1st visit to NYC for my wife's 60th birthday. Looking for a 4 night stay with handy location for typical tourist sightseeing. We were not disappointed with the location which was as everyone says 'right on the doorstep' for most everything. Subway on the corner and a busy bustling diner pretty much 'in-house'. I guess we Europeans are used to larger rooms but the one we had was ok. Bathroom ensuite functioned adequately and all clean if a bit worn. Our American friends who've lived in NYC for ever thought our room was great - so I guess by NYC standards for a medium priced central hotel, we had nothing to complain about. Aircon worked but was noisy. We had a rear room which was dingy and overlooked the rear of some office type accommodation but it was at least quiet compared to a street facing room. We did a lot of walking and it is easy to get to Central Park, Times Square, Broadway etc, walked loads and took the subway loads as the entrance was right by the hotel. Having the diner accessed from the rear lobby area was great and for those of us who have not experienced this style of breakfast eating it was a daily delight!Having New York friends, we got to see Central Park Zoo - really close by and FAO Swarz toyshop and loads of other sights we see in the movies. We spent a lot of time 'spotting the film locations' and all really close by. Carnegie Hall and loads of other great cultural places also really handy. Only complaint about the Lobby area was the lack of seating.As someone else said, it's always bustling with people coming and going but few spaces to sit and wait or watch. Reception staff not entirely helpful when we needed a room change. We'd booked MONTHS before arriving and specifically asked for a non-smoking room.What we got for the first night (we didn't arrive at the hotel till gone 11.00 pm due to plane delays and immigration controls!!) was like living in an ashtray. The carpets, curtains etc were so smoke encrusted we found it difficult to breathe. Staff were unhappy to do anything at first and I refused to accept it and would not unpack our cases until we had been assured that we would be relocated the following day. When I asked how we'd been allocated a 'smoking' room when we'd specifically booked a 'non-smoker' , I was told that rooms were allocated on the day as to what became available!! So what's the point in being asked if you want 'non-smoking' (on the on-line booking) and them taking absolutely no notice!! However, once we'd got past that little episode, everything was fine. Porters were helpful with information, keeping bags secured etc.All in all, we enjoyed our stay. From what I can make out, it seems that unless you're paying heavy duty room rates this is typical of older central Manhattan hotel rooms, its the location counts for most things and this cannot be faulted on that score,	
Sep 4 2008 	Good location	I stayed here during Labor Day weekend in 2007 as well as this year. The reason why I keep coming back is hotel's location. It is located between Central Park and Times Square. It's less than 10-min walk to both. Furhermore, there is subway stop right next to the hotel.Hotel was moderately priced for NYC which is, in my opinion, tremendously overpriced. Lobby looks nice and clerks at the front desk are courteous. Rooms are small like all rooms in NYC and could use some updating. However, if you come to NYC to party or sightsee and you only stay at hotel to sleep, you will be fine. Again, you can't beat location.There is diner adjacent to the hotel and there are also plenty of restaurants and cafes all around. I liked that few convenience stores around stayed open until 4am and had real food and fresh fruit.	
Sep 2 2008 	better then i expected	when reading some reviews about the wellington i was a little scary of what i might find but when we got to our room preaty quickly it was lovely a little small but i mean your not going to be staying in there all day for most people but we were only in there when we woke up and we stayed out all day new york was so amazing lol, great maid service sheats changed every day highly recomeded for people with small children or teenagers.	
Aug 27 2008 	The Big Wellie Boot in NYC	Having read reviews on here about the Wellington, I was nervous about going, but when we got there, I realised that the place was exactly what they had described on their website.Ok, fair enough, the rooms are small, but what do you expect in New York City, space is at a premium. I think most European visitors would like a bigger room, but the rooms are clean and have everything you need (apart from tea and coffee making facilities, but Starbucks is right accross the road on 7th Avenue)You are right in the centre of Midtown Manhattan, 10 mins walk from Times Square, 5 mins from Central Park, 10 mins from 5th Avenue (the avenue of the Americas or 6th Avenue is really wide and takes ages to walk!!!) The Hotel is lovely and clean, the staff are friendly and helpful (apart from the maintenence guy! He came to fix our air conditioning unit and couldn't speak English!?!?!) and its all you need in the middle of New York City!!!If you have booked the Wellington, relax, just enjoy yourself, for the amount of time you will actually spend in the room are you bothered if its no bigger than a shoebox?? We got the smallest room in the hotel and we had a great time, they have great wardrobes for your clothes, and the shower was brilliant!! Just enjoy your time there... You're in New York City for goodness sake!!	
Aug 25 2008 	Not so bad at Wellington	After reading horrible reviews about the Wellington, I was pleasantly surprised to get a moderately sized room without any bedbugs or foul odors. Our room had a comfortable queen size bed; the sheets and towels were changed everyday; when we called for a new pair of sheets after seeing several hair strands on our newly made bed, housekeeping brought them up for me immediately without any delay. Although we did get one of the renovated rooms, with so much traffic through the hotel, the carpet was a little spotted and worn. With the hotel's central location with convenient access to everything though, it was worth a few stains on the rug! We will have no problems returning to stay at the Wellington in the future.	
Aug 11 2008 	Well done Wellington!	Our group of 5 gals (2 forty-something moms plus 14-,13- and 11-year old girls) just returned from a 4 night stay at the Wellington. We were in NY for shopping, shows and sightseeing...have been to the city once previously. In short, the Wellington was the perfect choice for us. It is vintage property with an awesome location...across the street from Carnegie Hall, 3 blks to Central Park and Times Square, 6 blocks to Rockefeller and Radio City. Hop On/Hop Off buses pickup right on the block. Tons of delis, restaurants and bars nearby, plus Starbucks across the street. With a party of 5, we were struggling to find something at a reasonable cost in a good location and a bed for each... wow... did we find it. &quot;Spacious&quot; does not do justice to the suite we stayed in...it was apartment-like. A bedroom with 2 full beds, 2 full baths, separate living room with pullout couch, table w/2 chairs, separate kitchenette w/micro - fridge, cabinets and countertop, plus a balcony. Crazy big walk in closets. All for around $300/night. Yes, $300. And, believe me, we are picky midwesterners...our room was very, very clean (other than a few spots on chair upholstery-- hey if you have kids, you're used to this, right?) Esp. clean baths and kitchenette. Plenty of fresh towels. TVs were small, but functioned perfectly. No DVD players. A/C could have been a bit cooler, but nothing that bothered us. Hallways are narrow and elevators are small, but that's to be expected with an older property and did not detract from our experience one bit. Lobby was bustling day and night, which to us was not a cause for concern but added to the big city feel. My husband and I stayed at the Radisson on Lexington Ave 2 yrs ago and paid much more for a tiny room with 1 king bed and a questionable bathroom. The Wellington is a much, much better value. I can't comment on other rooms at the Wellington, but our experience with the suite was just great.	
Aug 9 2008 	Bumped to cheaper hotel	Booked this hotel back in May, arrived from Antigua late on Friday evening after travelling half the day. Check in, took our details, passports and credit card then informed us that 'there was no room at the inn'. It was approaching midnight and the manager informed us there were no rooms left and he arranged transfer to 'sister' hotel 3 blocks away assuring us it was a 4-star hotel. Despite remonstrating that this was booked and paid for over two months earlier we were forced to move to the 'sister' hotel. When we arrived it was clearly not a 4-star hotel and was several blocks away from where we wanted to stay. It got worse, the room we were allocated was noisy to the extent we had to wear our earplugs to get to sleep. This clearly wasnt a 4-star and not even 3-star hotel, it was just a way of getting us out of the hotel as we were only booked for an overnight stop. ~The Wellington Hotel made $60 (the difference between the two hotels room rates) out of us without doing a thing! Advise any prospective guests to confirm they have a room before they arrive. When we return to New York we will definately NOT be contemplating booking this hotel. Once bitten, twice shy!! Fellow travellers be warned!	
Aug 1 2008 	The truth about the Wellington!	Having just got back to the UK after spending a week at the Wellington (as a family with two young children), and having read the other rather contradictory reviews on this site, I thought I'd try and give my objective opinion. So here goes;Location - If you must be in the heart of Midtown Manhattan at all costs, you won't be disappointed. Its about five minutes on foot to Central Park and pretty much perfectly placed for everything you'll ever need to do. There's a subway station under the intersection that the hotel sits on (the station is 57th Street on the NQRW lines - when in the station, exit at the 55th &amp; 7th end of the platform and aim for the NE corner). If you're exhausted after a day sightseeing the 55 Street Deli across the road has a good selection of salads, hot pasta, chinese dishes etc. which you can take out and eat in your room - we did this on a couple of occasions.Food - Didn't try Movylos (at least, that's what I think it's called - the Greek restaurant in the hotel). The Park Diner is fine but gets busy at breakfast and you may have to queue - We breakfasted at the Benash Deli across the road which is bigger, much less crowded and just as good.Reception, check in, staff etc - All absolutely fine, we found the staff cheerful, friendly and willing to help, give advice, hail yellow cabs etc.Decor - Tired, bordering on shabby, and undoubtably could do with a makeover. Marks on carpets and wallpaper - couldn't tell which bits had been refurbished by looking at the hallways etc (but 2nd floor looks grim - never saw anyone get in the lifts here except staff though)Room - stayed in 1201, which is a suite; decor as above, but the suite was large and the bedroom contained a double and single bed. (Queen size sofabed in lounge). Lots of storage space, with an iron and ironing board provided. Beds were comfortable and linen and towels changed daily. Room was kept spotlessly clean by housekeeping, and the kitchenette looked virtually new, with a new fridge and microwave, BUT!! No tea &amp; coffee making facilities, and no cutlery, plates or anything except four glasses. Why?? Air conditioning units hanging out of the windows in the sitting room and bedroom (by no means unusual in older buildings in NYC) and quite noisy but this helps to blot out the noise from the streets, so no problem. Bathroom smallish and also in need of a makeover, but the shower worked fine and the hairdryer was new. The room was also a bit dark, mainly due to the tired blinds, which wouldn't go all the way up. We only used the place as a base, so the minor downs didn't bother us too much.Overall - Not a business hotel, but then it isn't as expensive as one. This is a budget tourist hotel which, although a bit on the tired side, is actually perfectly OK if you just plan to use it as a base for exploring New York City and do nothing but sleep there. If you want the familiarity and reassuring quality of a chain, pay the extra and stay at either of the two Sheratons or the Hilton, which are all within a couple of blocks of the Wellington. Overall it gets three stars from me, because that's what it deserves - no more, no less.	
Jul 22 2008 	loved the wellington	I have seen the bad reviews of the Wellington, but our experience was great. Quick check in and check out. Free upgrade from standard room to queen room with kitchenette. Good maid service. Fast elevators. No problem with water pressure. Clean, excellent location. Compare to Days Inn or Best WEstern. The Plaza it ain't. But look at the difference in price. For a great breakfast value, go out 55th street revolving doors and turn left. Go almost to the end of the block to Stage Star Deli. Great breakfasts, cheap. two pieces french toast, one egg, sausage for $4. english muffin, sausage, egg, cheese for $2. had good deals on lunch, too. I highly recommend the Wellington and we had NO trouble.	
Jul 22 2008 	Great Location - Fine Room	We booked through priceline and paid another $60 for an upgrade. We needed two beds and priceline only guarantees one double bed. But still the room rate was reasonable for New York. This location was perfect. The subway was right outside the door of hotel. Carnegie deli across street. Everything within walking distance. The hotel has a definite European feel to it. It is not a hilton or sheration but it is clean and nice for a stay in New York.	
Jul 16 2008 	what a view	we have just had a wonderful long weekend in the wellington.We have stayed there once before, so we knew it was ok.the staff are always friendly and helpful. the room we had was superb, on the 23 rd floor, with great views of central park to our right and up 7th avenue to times square to our left,not telling you the room number though because we want that room when we go back. on the first morning we went to go into the restaurant for some breakfast but it was very busy so we went elsewhere, that was a mistake.the second morning we went down and although it was very busy we waited and soon got a table. the breakfast was great.had an evening meal there aswell and that was great aswell.would recomend the wellington to anyone, we will definately stay there when we go back.	
Jul 15 2008 	Bargain Hotel in an amazing city	Oh my god I read reviews beforehand about the decor etc.....but seriously you are in New York...the city that never sleeps who cares.Its a cheap, clean hotel in a amazing location (between times square and central park) what more do you need....it was a place to dump our luggage and get a couple of hours kip between all the sightseeing, shopping and drinking; couldnt ask for anything more and would defo go back to this hotel.	
Jul 13 2008 	Average Hotel Look elsewhere	We stayed at this hotel after spending three nights at another hotel closer to Macy's. When we arrived at the Wellington Hotel we realized we had made a mistake and should have stayed at our first hotel. Check in took forever with the only bonus being we were upgraded to a bigger bed. We stayed in a part of the hotel which was quite old, and musky. The room was very large but walls were paper thin meaning that you could hear everything that was happening on your floor. The shower pressure was too strong resulting the floor and walls flooding every time you took a shower. The staff were too busy to really help you and the level was service was quite poor. This hotel would be fine if all you’re looking for is a bed to sleep in, but otherwise i would look for another hotel which is far nicer which you can book for around the same price.	
Jul 12 2008	Not Great	My daughter and myself stayed at the Wellington for 4 nights end of June 2008. On arrival (exhausted after long flight) we checked in and the Bellman showed us to our room. On entering the floor I noticed a obnoxious smoke smell and immediately asked the bell boy if this was a Smoking Floor? I almost choked from the smell and told him that we were unable to stay on this floor as it made me ill. We returned to the front desk, where the Manager informed us that the Hotel was fully booked. As I had requested a non-smoking room, with twin beds, I told him that if he couldn't find a room at this hotel, he would have to find us somewhere else to stay. Finally, he managed to find us a room with a double bed, which we agreed to take. It was on the 27th Floor, great views, not noisy due to the height, and was adequate. Room was very old, and sheets almost threadbare, bathroom was OK, but for our first experience in New York we were quite disappointed. My first instinct was to find somewhere else, but vacancies were hard to find. It is located in a good position, but next time I would stay a little away from Broadway/7th Ave, and find a more comfortable, and helpful Hotel for the same price.EG, Australia	
Jul 9 2008 	Great!	We just returned from a quick girl's weekend to NYC. We booked the Wellington through Expedia and we were very happy with our experience. The staff was very nice and helpful. The room was clean and comparable to other rooms I have stayed in, in NYC. The room even had a small kitchnette. The hotel was very close to everything and having the subway stop right outside the door was a plus. We would highly recommend this hotel. *We stayed in the renovated new section of the hotel so I am not sure if this makes a difference in ones experience there.*	
Jul 6 2008 	Wellington Was Beyond Expecations	We stayed at the Wellington from July 2-6. I was a bit nervous given all of the negative reviews of the hotel, but it exceeded my expecations. The hotel is in a great location and a easy walk to Central Park, the theaters, shopping and Times Square. The room was small, but clean and quiet. We had a corner room with a view of Times Square. Given the price and location of the Wellington, it would be hard to find a better deal. We would definitely stay at the Wellington again.	
Jul 5 2008 	Great Place Great Location!	Our family of 4 stayed at The Wellington this week for 2 nights and we all agreed that it was a great hotel. The people were nice the doormen were very helpful with the many questions we had! The room didn't match the the virtual room seen on the web site and the tub could have used a bleaching. We had a room next to the elevator and I thought I'd hear it all night like I'd read on all the other reviews of the paper thin walls, however, we didn't hear a thing! It was great! we had 3 beds 2 tv's and a good sized bathroom too! The location couldn't have been better as it is located just blocks from everything, Times Square, Central Park, Rockerfella Center, Starbucks across the street and for those who like Dunkin Donuts coffee, the Park Cafe located in the front of the Wellington has equaled the flavor of their coffee.Enjoyed everything!!!!!!!	
Jul 2 2008 	Great Location - Nice Clean Hotel	We've just come back from New York and spent 7 nights at the Wellington. Although I haven't stayed in any other New York Hotels I can say that our room and the Hotel in general compare favourably with any of the hotels I have stayed in, in the theatre district of London.We arrived at the hotel at 13:00 and were greeted with friendly staff and were able to check-in and go straight to our room.The room was on the 17th floor, was overlooking 7th Avenue and was clean, tidy and to a better than anticipated decorative standard and was very quiet and a pleasure to get back to after a hard day exploring!The hotels location is in the theatre district so expect to pay slightly more for meals than in the surrounding area (we liked Burger Heaven on Madison Avenue for breakfast) but the deli across the avenue is open 24/7 and does a fantastic sub for around $7.In summary I would not hesitate in choosing this hotel again, great location, room and friendly staff - hope you enjoy it as much as we did.	
Jul 2 2008 	Not Again	This trip was an extended girls vacation, so we did not spend much time in our hotel rooms. We had three rooms on this trip - each was very different. The &quot;suites&quot; were nice sized with adequate appointments and reasonably clean. The &quot;standard&quot; room was adequate sized and a step back in time to the 1980s - which was the last time that this hotel was actually cleaned. We ended up with bedbugs and bites. The location was great and the price was reasonable; however, not worth the &quot;bugs&quot;. In addition, this hotel is not wheelchair compliant - steps to get in the building, extra small elevators. In a word - &quot;interesting&quot; and not in a good way.	
Jun 30 2008 	A disgrace of a Hotel Health Risks	Well lets start with the only good thing about this hotel ,the location was great near to times square ,broadway, central park . And thats it that the only good thing i could say. For the bad things here we go well when we arrived to the room i got the smell of beer and damp the tiles were coming off the walls and the floor was wet and the beds were damp also like the were just taking out of the washing machine and put on. We did not sleep on the bed itself we slept on the blankets that was on it with a sheet we took and dryed ourselves by putting in front of the window. In the bathroom there was was this pipe coming down from the sealing and it was as rusty as a old nail. Anyone with asthma would not be safe in this hotel. I would say the staff were good but thats about it . No go hotel !	
Jun 27 2008 	SOME rooms very comfortable; ask for a newer room	*Great value: I paid a very reasonable $209/$249 to stay in a comfortable, clean hotel in a great location with professional staff*My room overlooked 7th, so it was a little noisy (welcome to NYC!) but the view was great*A friend paid the same and got a much smaller room with her window overlooking a brick wall. She was very disappointed. SO ASK FOR A NEWLY RENOVATED ROOM WHEN YOU BOOK*The staff were great: they weren't five star snobs, but they were friendly and did their jobs well.*The room was a little small, but not tiny. It only had one-plugin in the room itself, and there was no nigh-stand beside the bed. The alarm clock was on the desk aways away from the bed, which was inconvenient, but forgivable given the price I paid.*The bathroom had great faux-marble on the walls.*The famous Carnegie Deli is kitty-corner to the Wellington on 7th, so go there and order the &quot;Woodie Allen&quot; if you want one of the meanest, hugest deli sandwiches in the United States.I would recommend the Wellington for a very central location, clean rooms and good value. BUT MAKE SURE YOU GET ONE OF THE NEWER ROOMS	
Jun 27 2008 	Perfect Location Great Price!	I LOVED this hotel! I had read previous reviews of the Wellington on this website, so I was prepared for the somewhat small size of the room. But the reviews were also right in that when you're in NYC, you're really only using the place to sleep, so it was perfect! When we checked in, we immediately got offered a FREE upgrade, our hotel room was always cleaned, it had a great location, and the staff was very helpful. It's across the street from the famous Carnegie Deli, too! What a great stay! It's also located just a few blocks from Central Park, so when I return to NYC for a family vacation, I am totally going to stay at the Wellington!	
Jun 26 2008 	Do NOT stay here	Although the location is perfect, the hotel is NOT. Our two-room suite was disgusting. The floors were stained, there was trash on the floor left from the previous customers, shower didn't drain well, moldy shower curtain, only one clock radio for two rooms. The walls are paper thin so you could hear the people in the room next to you say anything. The controls on our air conditioner were broken and you couldn't adjust it at all. The hotel itself is in desperate need of a remodel. I recommend you spend a few more dollars and stay at a nicer hotel.	
Jun 24 2008 	Worth It	The Wellington is in a great location, near Central Park, 5th Ave, Broadway, etc. Hotel itself is in need of updates and renovations, but overall nice place. The room was clean and the staff is VERY friendly and willing to answer your questions or accomodate you in any way. The hotel is very busy...must be a favorite amoung tour groups. My best friend and I went for a girls weekend and didn't plan on being in our room very much anyway so it worked great for us! Would go back there and stay again!	
Jun 23 2008 	Good value great location	We stayed two nights at the Wellington. The hotel is in a great location, central to both Times Square and Central Park. We'd reserved a one bedroom suite (one bed and a pull out sofa), but ended up with a double-room suite with three beds in total, which was great, and we even checked in early. The room was clean, note that the bathroom is definitely one of a city hotel (smaller and older, but okay). Staff was very helpful in giving directions, handling bags, etc. Would recommend for a mid-level hotel in a terrific location.	
Jun 23 2008 	A truly miserable place	Really dirty...Stained carpets, dirty walls, dirty bathroom. Very small, even by NY standards. Room smelled of smoke and mildew even though it wasnt a smoking room. Also, my door was all ripped up like someone had tried to break in.Be advised that you are FORCED to have a bellman walk up to your room with you -- you cannot simply take your key.	
Jun 20 2008 	Great Location!!!	We just got back from NYC. When we got to the Wellington Hotel, we tried to check in but the girl at the front desk said that they didn't have anyone by our name registered there. Good thing that I had the hotel reservation confirmation with me. We gave it to her and she disappeared around a corner for quite a long time. After quite a long wait, they said okay and gave us the keys to our room. When we got there it was quite small, the bathroom especially. For our purposes it suited us just fine. We were just there to sleep and get ready in the morning. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean although the hotel is old and it shows.The bell boys were great and would help with anything that you needed. Check out is 11:00 ot 12:00 I can't remember but we weren't leaving for the airport until 5:00p.m. so they stored our suitcases in a room for us until we were ready to go. They even called a car for us to take us to the airport.The location was fantastic. There were many good things within walking distance. We went to see Wicked at the Gershwin Theatre which was only about a 15 minute walk. Even though check in was a bit rough, I think that we would stay there again if we were to go back to NYC.	
Jun 19 2008	Great place!	Booked on Priceline; bid of $175 for two weeknights in June (Mon and Tues). Held bags for free when I checked in early and room wasn't ready yet (no fault of theirs--I was way early). Based on the reviews here I requested a Non-Smoking room in the new part of the hotel. I was given a King room (#89) in the newly renovated area. This room was big by any standards, and huge by NYC standards! Very clean and tidy. It's an old hotel, so things are a bit dated, but who cares--it's all clean. Bed was comfortable and sheets were clean/nice. Front desk staff weren't extremely friendly or welcoming, but she did upgrade me. Bellmen and doormen were nice and helpful with bags, getting taxis, doors, etc.AC worked great in the room, though hallways were a bit hot. Internet is $10/day for wireless, and they also have 4-5 computers in the lobby ($1 for 5 mins) where I printed my boarding pass.Seemed safe/secure; doormen there by the door, and you had to show a room key when walking in the lobby towards the elevators.I would say to request a room in the newly-renovated area and you'll be fine. I would definitely stay here again with no qualms. Great location! Walking distance to Times Square, theatres, subways, etc.	
Jun 19 2008 	fantastic hotel-no complaints at all	My first trip to NYC was great due alot to the stay at the Wellington Hotel. The location was perfect, walking distance to most of the destinations we wanted to see. The staff in the gfiftshop arranged a tour with advice and a smile. The room was large with two bathrooms (!) and a view of Central Park. The staff were all professional and courteous. We had a problem-free, relaxing stay. I would go back in a heartbeat.	
Jun 15 2008 	Worse Than I Expected	After reading numerous reviews on this hotel I wasn't expecting a lot, but I thought perhaps some people were just being overly critical. I've stayed at 3 star hotels in Paris and in Mexico and I was expecting something similar. Nothing fancy but clean and fairly attractive. I was therefore not prepared for what I found when we arrived at the Wellington. I don't mind old hotels - often I think they have a lot of character. This hotel, however, was dank and DINGY! It smelled of mold and the carpets and walls were FILTHY! Our so called double bed was more like a full and the furniture in the room was falling apart. I really tried to be open minded and to not expect a lot, but I was disappointed with this very shabby hotel. The only good thing I can say is that the staff was pleasant and helpful. When we arrived I noticed that the lock on our door was broken and when I notified the front desk they sent somebody up immediately. Also I forgot my credit card at the front desk and the girl immediately called my room and personally held on to it until I came back down and claimed it. This is the most I have ever paid for a hotel and it was by far my worst experience. I felt dirty the entire time I was there!	
Jun 10 2008	Great stay for the money!	This hotel is simple, functional, and nothing beats it for what you do there: sleep. We got a free upgrade just for asking, the hotel staff was wonderful and courteous. They attended to our needs promptly and were pleased to do so. The bathroom was teeny, tiny, but again functioned for the 3 night stay. We did not try the hotel restaurant or lounge so cannot review on that. However, there is nothing that beats this location and the room was clean and comfortable. Despite what some other reviews said, there are four elevators and all of them were very quick considering that there were over 20 floors in this old hotel.	
Jun 6 2008	What are people complaining about?	I am at a loss trying to figure out where the negative energy is coming from in some of these reviews. I found the hotel to be rather rusty and old, but we are talking about a 2.5 - 3 star hotel in Midtown Manhattan.I booked on Priceline, and got a fair price. I discovered that, as is the case with many Manhattan hotels, a &quot;standard&quot; room is one double or queen bed. Travelling with my wife and daughter made the standard room not an option. I was able to upgrade my Priceline booking to a King bed for an additional $40.00 a night. So for $230 a night I got a non-smoking king bedroom in Manhattan over a busy June weekend. The king room was large and comfortable. Larger than my room in the New Yorker the last time I was in New York.The room was dated, but clean and tidy. The shower was super-powered. Room service was what one expects in a 2.5-3 star hotel, efficient, but not extravagant.The Park Cafe was pricey for breakfast. But there is a Starbucks across 7th, and if you are touristing, who really wants to stop for breakfast.The hotel is convenient. Five blocks to Times Square. 3 blocks to MoMA. NRQW subway out there door, BD? line one block away.All in all, I loved this hotel. The next time I vacation in New York, I would be happy to get this hotel if I was looking for a Midtown experience.	
May 31 2008 	Happy With the Wellington	More Than Adequete Hotel, Location brilliant subway stops near or right by the hotel depending on the line you are on. Room on the small side with the toilet being cramped even for 1 person. Staff though were very helpful, special thanks to Omar on the door, he was very helpful.	
May 30 2008 	Oldy But Goody	Hotel was tired and could do with overhaul. But location was superb! Same block as Carnegie Hall, Central Park 2mins walk, Times Square 5mins walk. Subway station right outside. Sometimes there was a queue for the lifts which was annoying but the beds were clean as were the towels. Toiletries were basic but who uses them anyway. Would have benefited from tea or coffee making facilities in room.View was a brick wall but apparently that's not incommon. Our tap dripped but was fixed within hours. No safe deposits in room but free in reception. Staff were not overly pleasant but all New Yorkers seem to be so rude you get used to it.	
May 29 2008 	Great Place to Stay in Great Location	This hotel dosn't have the biggest rooms but who cares it was a great Hotel, with very nice staff good room service and a great Diner attached to it.But whats best about this hotel is the location, right between Central Park and Times Square what more could you ask for!And it's just a short walk to the Hop on Hop off bus that does a constant loop around NY all day. Great value for money!!I'd deffinetly stay here again!! :)	
May 28 2008 	Great Hotel and location	I have just come back from a week in New York with a friend and we stayed at the Wellington Hotel. I read this website before we went and some of the reviews made me doubt this hotel...........I needn't have worried as the hotel was EXCELLENT!!!! We had a double twin on the 5th floor (I requested a lower floor before we went out there due to not being good with heights!! and they obviously done their best for me) The room looked newly decorated and VERY clean It was a good size along with the bathroom that did have a lovely powerful shower. Maid service every day and new clean towels (which are rather small! :0) ) The reception staff were very polite and helpful and we were able to book tours through the people in the shop or online on the computers which were in the lobby. The location is close to everything and we only used the subway to get to baseball and down to liberty, everything else was walkable. I recommend this hotel for a long or short break for anyone. Ignore the negative write ups, if you don't you will wonder where these people were really staying!! :0) Great hotel and would stay there again.	
May 27 2008	Not bad at all	My sister and I went to New York for my birthday this year and stayed at the Wellington. the staff were very helpful and we upgraded to a suite without even asking! Ok it wasn't the Ritz...but then we weren't paying Ritz prices! Location was the best and a stones throw away from Times Square. They sorted us out a taxi back to the airport with no hassle and we paid a good price for a nice car. Over all a lovely hotel. As a hardcore Blondie fan we also decided to do the Rock N' Roll walking tour down on the Lower East Side. The tour was ok. But felt the fella doing it was only interested in telling us about the bands he liked! But if you get chance, go to the Lower East Side. It's much cheaper and the food was lovely with great bars! We went on the Subway(right from outside the Wellington), and it was about 5 dollars for 4 subway swipes. If you get stuck on what train you need the Hotel staff will help and if you find it a little confusing still, the locals are helpful and friendly too!	
May 26 2008 	what is everybodies deal here	hey, first time in ny and i got in at 8:00 am went from airport to hotel just hoping to leave my bags and the young lady at the desk told us that one of our two rooms was ready so she let us go in. o k it's not the waldorf astoria but hell i was here to see all i could in four days not lay in my room. i had a comfortable bed clean room and very nice staff that helped with all of my needs from subway help to good eateries, try the stage deli or carnegie deli they are great and only a few steps from front door of hotel. late show is just about 3 blocks away only short distances to lots of sights.......broadway,park ave. madison ave 42nd st fifth ave. and there is subway stops right outside the doors on the side. so if you want to see ny and manhattan in particular stay here, if you want to sleep 14 hours in a room stay the hell home or go to the plaza or waldorf, great by me cause that will be one less person walkng around . finally if location to all the cool stuff in manhattan is your goal this is a very nice place to stay, if you want huge rooms and all the trimmings of a well updated hotel stay elsewhere. hope this helps you ................	
May 26 2008 	Perfect Location	After booking this hotel for our trip of a lifetime I was extremely concerned after reading the reviews on this site but I couldn't have been more pleasantly suprised.On arrival we were able to check into our room earlier than stated which was a god send as after a 7 hour flight I didn't really want to face having to wait another 2 hours in the lobby with all our luggage. Our room was average sized but as we were only intending to be in the room to sleep it more than met our expectations. It was cleaned everyday.The location of this hotel is brilliant, close enough to times square but not too close to hear the noise and close to central park so ideal to take a walk. A subway station right next to the hotel and only a short walk from the shops on 5th avenue.Our room was on the 6th floor so traffic noise was quite prominant but both myself and my husband slept soundly with ear plugs.All in all a great hotel in an absolutely fantastic city and helped make our holiday of a lifetime a reality. Will definitely be back and would definitely stay at the wellington again	
May 24 2008 	Good value @ Wellington	Just back from New York having stayed at the Wellington. Read most of the reviews before we left home and it would be fair to say that we were a little concerned about this hotel. As it turned out the hotel was fine and our room on the 19th floor was adequate considering what we paid.The major selling point for this property is the location on 7th Ave near Central Park and Times Square. Plenty of restaurants diners bars etc and within walking distance of 5th Ave shops etc. Icould go on but feel free to contact for more info.	
May 23 2008 	Great Location and Value for Money	My 12 year old son and I were allocated this hotel on a package deal over the Easter weekend. Having read the reviews on TA I was a little unsure. However all was well. Nothing grand or fancy here but a practical, clean, and courteous place to stay in an unbeatable location for a mainstream tourist visit. Pleasant walking distance to Central Park, St Patrick's Cathedral, 5th Avenue shops, Times Square and the theatre district. Subway stop just outside the hotel. Perfectly adaquate diner attached.There is an element of faded glory here. The place could do with a bit of a facelift. It wouldn't be my first recommendation for a romantic weekend or any other occasion when you would want to spend more time inside your hotel room than outside. However for a practical place to stay for a short visit to see the sights of NYC you could do an awful lot worse.	
May 20 2008 	Even a princess like me liked the Wellington	Due to a miscommunication between my husband and me (and a lightning fast click on Priceline!), I found myself booked into the Hotel Wellington for 5 days. I was nervous about this because I had read the mixed reviews on Trip Advisor (even though we got the room for only $200 a night).The Hotel Wellington has several things going for it:1. Location, location, location. Within walking distance of SO much.2. Service-oriented employees: the receptionists were helpful with so many questions. The bell hops were personable and helpful. The manager gave us a free upgrade for the asking.3. Clean and safe. Very clean, and no safety issues.4. Decor is pleasant (sort of old glamour, slightly faded).If you're looking for a reasonably priced, clean safe place in midtown, give the Hotel Wellington a try.	
May 17 2008 	Great Hotel great location!!!	Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel for five nights in October 2007 (late review to only just joining this site)After reseaching numerous hotels in various locations in the city we decided on the hotel for its location and the value for money. We were not dissapointed - when booking the hotel which we did direct with them we booked a standard double room and requested a room on a higher floor. We arrrived at the hotel and were informed that they were giving us a free upgrade to their queen room..... This has to be one of the best rooms in the hotel....our room was on the 27th floor which was the top and had a small balcony. This had the most amazing views along Seventh avenue and across Central Park. The room was a good size and was very clean. It had a very comfortable double bed and tv. The bathroom was of a good size and was clean. We chose this hotel for a base as we knew we would be out during the day.We had the most amazing time in New York in every way and would highly recomend this hotel. It is in the heart of the City giving you a short walk to sights such as Times Square and Central Park and was good value for money. We could see that the Hotel was very dated and could in fact do with modernising but we found it to be very comfortable in an excellent location and for those wanting it just as a base you could not ask for more.	
May 12 2008 	Below Standard	Three friends and I are just back from a 5 night stay in the Wellington Hotel. During our stay we stayed in a suite which comprised of two bedrooms, a small bathroom and a kitchenette , which had no cups, plates etc. The sheets on the bed were very creased and there was a musty/smoky smell in the room. On the third day of our trip we returned to the hotel during the day to leave some shopping back in the room. One of the girls went up to our room (12th floor) and could not get into the room with the credit card type key. When she came downstairs I went up to the room to try my key (it was all very time consuming), but to no avail. I proceeded to the reception desk and was given 4 new keys, but still could not get in to the room with these new keys. I was furious at this stage and on returning to reception, yet again, I was told that we had to move room due to maintenance work!!! I barely got an apology from the manager (he is very rude). I gave him a piece of my mind stating that this was below standard practice and that a note should have been pinned to our hotel bedroom outlining the problem, which would have saved us time and energy. My friends and I had to pack up all our belongings and move two flights down to our new room. Our whole afternoon was wasted. I demanded compensation and we received breakfast vouchers for 2 mornings. We booked our return taxi/limo in the hotel shop and on leaving one of the bellboys stated that we should have booked it with him as he could have gotten us a cheaper rate (sounds like a bit of a scam to me).The hotel is ideally located, but apart from that, I have nothing good to say.	
May 8 2008 	Great Location	I stayed at the wellington Hotel in December 2007. The location is fantastic your a few minutes walk to Times Square, shopping, restaurants etc.The hotel itself is pretty standard - the rooms are small as are the bathrooms but your in NYC the last thing that you want to be doing is sitting in your room all day.If your after a great location on a budget I would recommend this hotel all day long.	
Apr 28 2008	Just OK	My daughter (20 yrs old) and I just got home from a 5 night stay at the Wellington. Just as everyone has mentioned, the location is great. There are no frills with this hotel. You get a bed and an old TV. We discovered that while taking a shower the hot water gets hotter - almost scalding if toilets flush or someone turns on cold water in rooms near by. We ended up in a room with 2 twin beds and the room was very small. The elevators ar tiny too. Our room was bare necessities with no coffee pot or water other than 2 glasses to drink tap water. I never noticed an ice machine. If you want bottled water you will need to run across the street to the 55th Street Deli. They charge $2.50 a bottle. The little cafe in the lobby is always busy. They have good breakfasts but the coffee is not great. Go across the street to the Starbucks. An extra note... if you go on a city tour STAY AWAY form the RED buses (Greyline). They are a big rip off as they overbook and you can't get a bus back if you hop off d/t no seating. Take the BLUE bus - look for the guys in the YELLOW jackets.	
Apr 28 2008 	Disappointed	My partner and I stayed in the Wellington Hotel in April for 7 nights. I know we got a good deal with the price but I still felt disappointed with a few aspects. The Location couldn't be better and the staff were very nice, but unfortunately the room was very disappointing. When we got there and checked in we were told that we had been upgraded, I would not have liked to have seen the room we were supposed to be in.Our room was tiny and the ensuite was even smaller, it was the width of the hand basin, and the length of a small bath. There was a horrible smell of stale smoke in the room (it was supposed to be a none smoking room) the whole time, and we left the windows open the whole time and got air freshner, but nothing worked. We were lucky with the weather and needed the air conditioning some of the nights as the room got stuffy during the night as we were on the 24th floor, the air conditioning was very very noisy and rust ridden, did not like handling it too much.The whole place needs to be redorcoarated, hallways, rooms etc. If I was back again, I would have paid extra for a nicer hotel, 7 nights was too long to have stayed in this tiny room, a night or two wouldn't have been so bad, you would put up with it. The breakfasts were great but very busy and you could be left waiting a while for a table, not the cleanest of places but the food and service made up for it.	
Apr 28 2008 	Nothing Fancy but Nice/Clean	I stayed in the Wellington for a week during a recent trip to the East Coast. I liked the hotel, mainly for the incredible location and the price (through Priceline). The room-size was average for NYC and the furnishings were basic. The room and common areas were kept clean and tidy. I had a great view (26th floor) looking out to Central Park and the location of this property cannot be beaten. There is a subway entrance LITERALLY outside the front door and it is within a few blocks of the Park, Times Square, 5th Avenue, Rockerfeller Center, etc. I did not eat at the coffee shop/diner so I cannot rate it, but it was always packed. Overall, I would definitely recommend the Wellington to anyone who is not planning to spend their time inside a hotel room...great for someone who, like me, uses a hotel room to sleep, shower, dress and occasionally watch CNN.	
Apr 23 2008 	A great find!	Stayed here for 5 nights without any issue. We had requested a room on a high floor with a view and were allocated a room on the 26th floor overlooking Central Park. Staff were generally efficient and friendly. Check in and out no problem.Room 2646 was basic but clean and perfectly adequate for our stay. Bathroom tiny and decir a bit dated but again, it was clean and more than adequate with a good powerful shower. The room tended to be on the warm side but this was not a problem, good air conditioning system sorted that and we had no problem with noise at all.The location was great, with the Subway outside the door and plenty of dining/drinking choices in the immediate vicinity. Only criticisms would be that we had no tea/coffee making facility in our room. The bed was a bit creaky but comfortable enough. Was also disappointed that our room was not serviced the first morning (although we had not put out our 'maid service requested' sign) so that could be why?I would have no qualms about staying in this hotel again in the future.	
Apr 18 2008 	Visited Again - still great!	My wife &amp; I stayed in the one bedroom suite again (we stayed at the Wellington last June also &amp; gave it 4 stars), but this time in a different (newer) section of the hotel. Huge two rooms -- very clean, comfortable, and quiet. . Yes, a tad old and hopefully the shades, which don't quite work, will someday be replaced &amp; the seals around the a/c unit be patched, but we both enjoyed our stay --- great location, convenient to subway lines, and really nice LARGE rooms to spread out during our 4 day stay! Helpful staff, bathroom had been upgraded and was larger than in the older section of the hotel --- had a 10% discount due to a March reservation discount &amp; saved $250 over Priceline, Travelocity, et. al. We weren't disappointed -- a great deal!!	
Apr 18 2008	Wellington Would Have Lost this Battle	Location of this hotel is superb, but I would have sacrificed a couple of blocks for a better room. I expected the rooms to be small but I was stuck on the 4th floor with a brick wall as my view, the wall was so close it was impossible to know what time of day it was. Noisy aircon that had a mind of its own and both a room and bathroom that desperatly needed a refurb. Staff were friendly and helpfull but this hotel could do with some TLC and some money spent.	
Apr 16 2008	Not bad for the price	Well...let me start off by saying I LOVE NEW YORK CITY! Ok...the hotel? I like it and I would stay there again! There are two sections to the hotel and due to circumstances beyond our control (a pest in our room) we were able to move over to the new section. It has about 24 or 25 floors and we were on floor 24...NICE VIEWS of the city!!!! We booked our hotel and flight on newyorkcityhotels.com and that was the way to go!!! We saved SOOOOO MUCH MONEY! And we got a New York Pass (NOT THE CITY PASS!!) it is much better! The hotel is located perfectly in between Central PArk and Times Square. There are 2 subways right outside the hotel and a WONDERFUL restaurant downstairs. Starbucks across the street!!! The subway is the way to go in NYC (get the metro pass for a week) it will save you money too. Sooo back to the pest in our room. We had a WONDERFUL HUGE ROOM in the older section of the building. The room was great. 2 rooms with a fridge and sink. 1 queen bed in one room with a pull out couch, and 2 twin beds in the bedroom. A HUGE bathroom and a fridge and sink. This room was amazing compared to all the rooms I researched when I was booking my trip...by the way the room didn't stink, wasn't nasty or anything...we enjoyed our first 2 days! Then...the smell came. It was as if something died...so we started looking. Well we came to find out that it was a dead mouse in the bedroom under the bed. It smelled soooo bad that we couldn't stand it. We even named him Marty (sad!) Sooo we went down to the desk and we started searching for a room. There were no other rooms like the one we had...so they tried putting us in smaller rooms (not going to work! I am not sleeping on the couch when I was sleeping on the bed that Marty was under) Ok...sooo they ended up giving us 2 of the rooms on the 24th floor of the NEW building! VERY NICE ROOMS! GREAT VIEWS!! VERY SMALL!!!! COmpared to our old room (Marty's room) our two rooms weren't bigger together than that one!! CRAZY HUH!?! But it was fine for us and we enjoyed the views...we got a limo ride to the airport among other things. I would FOR SURE stay there again...but I will sweep through the room for any critters first! THANKS WELLINGTON!!!	
Apr 15 2008	Great location	Great 4 night Easter break with my 66 year old mother!Location: Excellent. Right on 7th Avenue in the heart of everything. Less than 10 mins walk to Times Square, Central Park, Broadway, museum of modern art and virtually next door to Canegie Hall. Shopping and restaurants galore.Facilities: Good. Although busy it was quick and easy to check in at reception. A comfortable waiting area just off the main foyer equipped with sofas, large open fire, handy tables, reading materials etc. Helpful information desk, porters and doormen. Nice restaurant, gift shop, lifts. Friendly staff and good service.Room: Good sized room, 2 comfortable double beds, warm, plenty of storage and well furnished. Clean on-suite with excellent power shower. Usual facilities including tea/coffee maker, internet access, phone, TV, hairdryer, iron etc. The decor was a little old fashioned but fitted with the hotel overall and gave a welcoming feel.Overall: Excellent value for money. Very welcoming and a good base to explore New York City.	
Apr 10 2008	Wellington Hotel - NYC - An Absolute Must!	The Wellington Hotel was a very wonderful stay for my husband and me and also for my friend and her mother. It was a very first time to NYC for three of us and everything ran very smoothly. We were extremely happy with the friendliness of the hotel staff, the cleanliness of the rooms, and the courtesies extended to us during our three-day stay. Our room was upgraded to a Queen Room at no additional charge, and the housekeeping service was exceptional in the fact that they responded to our needs very timely. The front lobby staff were very attentive to our daily &quot;how do we get there from here?&quot; questions and very knowledgeable about the same and how to get around NYC.The Hotel is located in a perfect place to walk to literally everything. Times Square and Central Park are just minutes from the Hotel. We highly recommend a stay at the Wellington - we were all pleasantly surprised on our first shot at NYC!	
Apr 9 2008 	We got a very spacious suite!	We loved this hotel - perhaps we were lucky but I'd definately recommend it and already have!Check in was quick and easy - just us and 3 staff. A young American girl checked us in and I asked for a suite if any were available - I told her i'd read reviews on here which described the suites ( we had our 2 kids with us). She was lovely and looked at lots of rooms on the computer for us, reading out descriptions of views and facilities. We'd paid $1000 for 4 nights for the 4 of us.We got a suite - room 923 over looking 7th Ave. We had a small kitchenette with a large fridge freezer, hob and microwave, kettle and cupboards- only used fridge and kettle but these were very useful. Our room had a king size bed - the comfiest bed we have ever slept in - the mattress label was Jan 08. We also had a built in wardrobe next to the bathroom, a sofa, coffee table, dining table and 3 chairs, tv in unit with 2 deep drawers, dressing table and mirror. Our kids room had a double and single bed - no arguments at night and kicking contests!! They also very large dressing table / drawer unit and wardrobe and own TV - they couldn't belive their luck. The bathroom was fine with a very powerful shower over the bath.The decor was not great - very beige and the furniture poor quality but the space was amazing for NY, I would rather have space than posh bedspreads. If they did this place up they could charge a lot more.All the staff were so friendly and helpful. The room was also clean and house keeping efficient, sending up 4 more pillows when we rang them.We didn't hear any pipes or have a.c. problems as some people have mentioned.One worrying thing was the fact that the windows opened fully and you could lean right out, or jump if you wanted to!Check out was 12pm but our daughter was ill on our last day so we asked if we could have a bit longer and the manager let us have the room until 2pm for no charge.We didn't eat at the hotel so cannot comment on food but we got stamps and a few bits from the little shop and the stamps were cheaper for the UK than the machines.The lifts were small but only took ages when our own children were racing us downstairs and had pressed all the buttons so they could beat us - sorry if you shared the lift with us on that occasion!We would definatley stay there again - and ask for this room if we could get it.	
Apr 8 2008	Not good	When we originally booked with Dial a Flight in June 2007, weinformed them that that this was a special holiday tocelebrate our two children aged 23 and 21 graduatingfrom uni this year. We specifically booked two twinrooms due to the ages of the children and the idea wasfor the two males to share one room and the twofemales the other. I had e-mailed the hotel myself theweek before our departure to ensure that we had twinadjoining rooms as booked. When we arrived at checkin, extremely tired from travelling, the receptionstaff snatched our booking voucher and informed usthat we had two rooms each containing one double bed.Luckily I had kept a copy of the pre-booking vouchersand pointed out that we had booked two twin rooms and thiswas clearly shown on the booking voucher. Thereception staff continued to argue that the twin roomswere only a request and not a booking. Afterapproximately half an hour of arguing, we were giventwo twin rooms although these were on separate floorsand one was a smoking room. Seeing as my son isasthmatic, my daughter and I took the smoking room. The blind in our room would not shut and the curtainswere nailed open to the wall. Due to the fact that wehad buildings directly opposite our window we had tokeep the blind shut by weighing it down with a book. The rooms were extremely hot and the windows did notopen. The air conditioning was so noisy that we couldnot keep it on at night and therefore had interuptednights sleep as we were constantly over heated andthirsty. We requested alternative rooms but were toldthat the hotel was full.The room could have done with a refurbishment and the carpet was stained and the paintwork flaking.On the plus side,the bell staff and porters were really friendly and we did not have a problem with the lifts.	
Apr 7 2008 	Beware the noisy heating pipes	Good hotel depending on which room you get. Big difference between the old section and the new part. Excellent location.I have seen the worst - I hope - and one of the best, rooms in this hotel. Our 1st room was in the old part of this very big hotel. It was small (to be expected on our budget), but also grubby with dirty drawers. This I would have put up with, but not the banging heating pipes that woke us up every half hour between 11pm and 6.30am.Next morning the Assistant Front Office Manager explained that they were upgrading the pipes by lagging them, but they hadn't reached that floor. Yet, they had put us in that room for 7 nights.Whilst complaining, I mentioned that I intended to review this hotel on Trip Advisor (because I had read the reviews here before I booked and I wasn't put off) and I'm sure that's why we were moved to a King room in the new part of the hotel. It was a corner room, twice the size of the first and luxurious. The side window looked down to the lights of Times Square and as we were on the 26th floor we never closed the blind, we had this fantasic light show 24/7.If you are on a budget you may have to put up with grubby and small. I couldn't have afforded the better room. Be prepared to complain, perhaps we Brits are not expected to. There is an advert on tv just now in New York, for a different internet review site, featuring an actor being carried to his room. The point being, that hotels do pay attention to what review sites have to say.	
Apr 6 2008 	Location Location	Our room was just what you need. Clean comfort bed shower was a bit powerful but apart from that just what you need. Location is amazing Times Square around the corner and Central Park. Has posh resturant and nice cafe. Plus gift shop for all the things you need. Plus subway right outside door.	
Apr 4 2008 	Not the best	The Wellington is a very old hotel in a great location. It is conveniently located in Midtown just a few blocks from Central Park, and a nice walk away from some top tourist attractions in NYC. The hotel staff was very friendly as well, however that's about as good as it gets with this one. I stayed in a suite, and did not see any other rooms, but ours was not so nice. Dark, dingy, dirty and very loud. From hallway noise to the ancient radiator banging endlessly through the night, I did not sleep. If you like strong water pressure, you are in luck, the shower just about blows you out of the tub. I guess its better than nothing! The TV in the bedroom did not work, the one in the living room did, however you could only turn the channel in one direction. For the amount of money we paid (around $375 a night including taxes and surcharges) I would not stay there again and would take my chances elsewhere. I also left something in the room, and when called a few hours later it was gone, and no one had turned it in... so either the staff is not too thorough in their cleaning or not too honest- take your pick.	
Apr 3 2008 	Party People only need apply	All I saw of the hotel was the lift and my room. The staff were effiecient and anomynous and everything kept need and tidy. It was noisy but I was in Manhattan not Somerset. Far to tired and had drunk too much not to sleep anyway. Loved the location and the subway stop outside on 55th &amp; 7th was a godsend to go anywhere not that you need to as so much is in walking distance. As the TV show says Location, Location, Location	
Apr 1 2008 	Perfect for the job!	After reading some of the reviews on this hotel, I have to admit I was very nervous about our impending stay here. However I soon found that I had nothing to worry about. On arrival we were upgraded from a double to a queen room. I admit the decor was slightly shabby, but considering the age of the hotel that was to be expected.We found our room to be perfectly adequate in terms of size, with a small closet, chest of drawers and a dressing table. There was enough room to move about easily, even with 3 suitcases in the room. If you want space, go to the park, it's a hotel room, not a loft!We did find that the heating was too high for our liking. However, after a quick call to reception, the maintenance man switched the heating to our room onto cold, so that we could either leave it off or if we got too warm we could turn it on as an air conditioner. We also called down for extra pillows which were brought to our room very promptly.We were on the 19th floor, on a front facing room, giving us a great view of Times Square. The location of the hotel could not be more perfect. It's about a 10 minute walk to times square, and only 5 mins to Central Park. There is a subway station just steps from the door, giving you access to any other area in New York.I would recommend this to any traveller on a budget. I had absolutely no issues with this hotel, and found the staff to be nothing but friendly and helpful.	
Mar 29 2008 	The Best Location	I have been reading reviews of this hotel, and can not believe some of the çomplaints about this hotel.Okay, granted, this hotel is not 5-star, but for that, you would have to pay $1500 per night in NYC. We stayed in this hotel in February 2006, our very first visit to NYC and in fact, first place we stayed in the USA.We then came back to NYC in Feb 07, and made the mistake of staying at The Salisbury, after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor. All I can say is, we regretted not coming back to the Wellington, and in fact, have just booked to stay at The Wellington in Jan 09, with a group of 5.The staff at the Wellington are fantastic, the lobby has a romantic feel to it, like staying at really stylish hotel in the 1940's. The rooms are dated, but, they are clean, the location is second to none, the maps of NYC in the lobby are the best I have found, all the staff were fantastic.If you don't expect 5-star, then you won't be dissapointed. I would recommend staying at this hotel, so much so, that we have booked for 5 nights in Jan 09.You will not regret the location of this hotel!	
Mar 29 2008 	The Big apple	We stayed at the Wellington and after reading previous reviews had mixed feelings, but for price and location,Fantastic, yes the rooms are basic and small but you are only in them to sleep, wash and change, All staff were friendly, breakfast in the park cafe was nice, the location is the hotels best point, ideal for everything, all within walking distance or use the tour buses or taxis, a yellow taxi ride needs to be experienced its a ride in its self especially from the airport!!!The constant tipping expected gets on your nerves after a while but it is America and its expcected, overall a fantastic trip and would stay at the Wellington Hotel again without a doubt :)	
Mar 29 2008 	Good for travellers	It s all about a very basic hotel, good for anyone looking to stay in Manhattan on a budget, but dont expect any luxuries to it. Its standard, clean and thats as far as it goes. I stayed for 4 nights on a short trip to the city, while trying to squeeze every possible sight in my schedule, do didn't use any facilities withing the hotel to comment on. But for the price of 150$, and the amazing location, minutes away from times square and central park, I couldn;t ask for more really...	
Mar 28 2008	Wellington - a little down at heel	the Wellington is fantastically placed near Carnegie hall so close to lots of attractions. the staff are really helpful and knoweldgeable.the rooms and corridors are basic dungeon like cells. There was rubbish under the beds from previous visitors but the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was small and dark and not at all welcoming.outside of the reception rooms the hotel had a very down at heel feel.	
Mar 25 2008 	OK	Just returned from holiday with our two chidren aged 21 (female) and 23 (male). Pre-booked 2 twin rooms due to the age of the children and the plan was for the 2 females to share one room and the 2 males the other. I had also e-mailed the hotel the week before to ensure that we had the 2 twin non smoking adjacent rooms required. When we arrived to book in, the reception staff snatched our pre booked voucher away and stated that we had 2 rooms with only one double bed in each. We were able to deny this as we had kept a copy of the voucher which clearly stated 2 standard twin rooms. They continued to argue that the twin rooms were only a request and not a firm booking. We stood our ground and were finally given 2 twin rooms although they were not on the same floor and one was a smoking room. The rooms had good views and were clean although could do with total refurbishment as lots of flaking paint and stains on the carpets. The blind did not work and the curtains were fixed open. As 2 females did not fancy the idea of getting dressed at night in full view of opposite windows we had to hold the blind down with a book. The windows did not open and the room was extremely hot. The ancient air conditioning was too loud to have on at night so we were baking all night and kept waking for drinks of water. On the plus side the showers were good and the staff, with the exception of the reception staff, were exremely helpful and friendly. The location was also great.Fluffys down the road was good for breakfast and the Italian restaurant opposite was wonderful although a little pricey.Overall would not stay at this hotel again but would look for an alternative in the same area.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great Location 	Our Stay Was Great.. I found no one rude ..They all wanted to help.. you just had to ask &amp; Be nice , The Bell Captain was Great, so was the door men &amp; Our Maid .. I tipped them all ..The Room ..ours was clean &amp; Very Nice we had a suite , bathroom was small &amp; room had no view but we also didnt have the street noise. The Location was The Best , I cant wait to go back , travelled with 6 of us total &amp; 1 teenager &amp; we all loved the place ..for the price it can not be BEAT .. We will all return to this hotel ..who goes to NEW YORK &amp; looks for stuff to complain about anyway ..	
