	Who Knew ?- "The Great NYC Secret"	Well, now this hotel is a real pleasant surprise... We made a reservation with caution... seeking a great value and watching our budget for a two day NYC Holiday experience. We usually stay at the Omni Bershire or Michaelangelo, but the rates are still too steep in this recession. We parked at the hotel's official lot as instructed (self park) one block from the hotel. The hotel's entrance says it all.... artsey and unique with little signage. The lobby is small and adorable with the decor steeped in music. The staff was accomodating and helped us get in early, as we had matinee tickets to Wicked. Our room turned out to be an entire one bedroom NY City apartment with spectacular views up 6th Avenue and 57th Street. This &quot;suite&quot; was hugh with high ceilings with crown molding, closets larger than most NYC hotel rooms and a fully appointed kitchen. The suite was clean and we immediately felt at home. So now I know why the performers from Carnegie Hall loves this hotel. Oh yes... the Carnegie Deli delivers to your suite.The hotel has an entire bank of washers and dryers for guests and get this... a soda machine that cost 85 cents a can !!!!This property is so well located one wonders why the folks across the street living in multi million dollar condos just don't sell and move into the Buckingham. We explored this area of the city in all directions and found the former Coliseum on Columbus Circle a treasure. Check out the huge sculpture of &quot;Somebody&quot; in the lobby, you can't stop laughing. It's fun just watching the reaction of shoppers when they first gaze upon this formidable male sculpture.Back to the hotel... The Director of Front Office, Sandra Arias is GEM... you simply cannot leave the hotel unsatisfied if you let her know you need help. So if it's living like a NYC millionaire on a recession budget and getting it all... you can't miss staying here.	
	Great Location If You Don't Mind Not Sleeping From The Noise	I love NYC. I have been there many times. I will keep it simple. For close to $300/night, you would expect to be able to sleep. But oh no!! I slept on the pullout couch with my son, my wife and daughter in the bedroom. Turns out, they put us on the 4th floor, facing 6th ave. Take my word for it, it is a busy avenue. The windows do not latch quite right, regardless, they need double pane windows. It was beyond loud 24/7. The room is a sauna, the heat will not shut off but opening the windows only increases the noise level. The bed I was in was spring and basically no cushion/padding.Marvin, the lovely gentleman who helped me with my bags was a bright spot. The location is great as long as you are on the 17th floor facing nothing that resembles activity. So sad it turned out this way as it was the first time I took my family all together to NYC.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great location and room size needs some attention but good value for the price	The staff were helpful but some more than others. The room was a great size - we had a larger suite with a separate bedroom. The kitchen was fully equipped and a good size, with an adjoining living room with settees, lounge chairs and a desk but no dining table or chairs which was surprising. There was lots of cupboard space and a walk-in wardrobe which was a great advantage. There was a bath, but the bathroom definitely needed renovation and one day we had a terrible experience with dirty brown water gushing out of the taps. The location was excellent, it was very easy to get around - we could walk to many places we wanted to go and there was a subway just around the corner. We didn't use the gym which seemed quite well equipped or the internet in the lounge. We were happy to have the kitchen and we generally prepared our own breakfasts but there were numerous supermarkets and shops nearby where we could buy fresh bread, bagels, fruit and anything else we wanted. We even found two good coffee shops nearby - one in the Meridian Hotel and the other, a tiny Italian style hole in the wall, in 6th street just around the corner. We'd definitely stay there again.	
Nov 21 2009 	First time traveller to New York? This is a great place to stay.	This hotel was recommended on a random website, after hours of looking and this place was the first one we saw. If you want to feel at home and not a hotel, I would definitely recommend to stay. Upon arrival, we were offered an upgrade at not much more than we were to pay for a studio room, and while the studio room was fine, the room we got was like an apartment. The room and bathroom were always clean and the kitchen was great because we could cook if we felt like it. The location is excellent for New York virgins. Central Park is less than 5 minutes walk away, Rockefeller Centre and Times Square about 10 minutes, 5th avenue is the next block over, Carnegie Hall up the street, the list goes on. And once you master the subway, there are major stops a quick walk away too. The only downside is that the street is very noisy bit for a light sleeper like me, I just needed earplugs and it was fine. That's all. I would definitely stay here again rather than any of the &quot;trendy&quot; areas as you need transport to get to the places right at your doorstep here. The staff are very friendly and helpful and got us to places we couldn't find. I can't wait to go back and when I do, The Buckingham will on my shortlist for sure. Definitely consider this hotel!	
Nov 12 2009 	A well Kept Secret	I stayed at this hotel based on the reviews here. I didnt want to stay in a chain hotel. The service is outstanding. That staff is friendly, and well informed. The rooms are large, clean and quiet. The location is perfect just two stops on the F train downtown, and you are on 42nd street. complete with all that time square, broadway hustle bustle. There are several dining spots, delies. starbucks, and a grocery store is not even a block away from the hotel. There is a great little new york style diner across the street on 6th and 57th, you can get a great breakfast for 4 bucks. It is close to central park, Tiffany's, Trump tower, ffith avenue shopping is just blocks away from this lovely hotel. I travelled there alone, I felt safe, and had no security issues whatsoever. Its is priced decent for a New York hotel. Keep in mind it is New york., so it may seem pricey to folks who have not booked a hotel in the past. I will be traveling back to New York in January. I plan to stay at the Buckingham.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Place	The Hotel has a friendly-accommodating staffed. They were eager to take care of our needs. I contacted them by e-mail before we left home and they were prepared when we arrived. The Buckingham is located in walking distance to Time Square, Carnegie Hall and Central Park. . It was a very pleasant stay. My wife left a jacket behind and they mailed it to us within a couple of days. Thank You Staff of the Buckingham. We will stay with you again when we come back to New York.Thank, Dennis Ricken	
Oct 22 2009 	Needs Updates	This is one of the only hotels with a kitchen that can be found in Manhattan. It was nice to have a kitchen, especially with kids. The space was large for Manhattan as well. The location is great...close to central park; subway entrance close by. The building is old and the old windows do not keep out the street noise. The space and furnishings desperately need updating. The bed was as hard as the floor. The pull-out in the couch was nothing but springs. After a long day of running around the one thing you want is a comfortable bed in which to rest....not here! The other furnishings were old and dirty. This place could be nice if they spent some money on updates. Next time we head to the big apple we will stay elsewhere.	
Oct 19 2009 	Our choice for NYC - space location no gimmicks	Historically the Buckingham is where people performing at Carnegie Hall (across the street) stay. If you have play or work to do in New York and would like your hotel to be 100% but not get in your way, you should stay here. You are more likely in the elevator to overhear discussions in other languages about negotiations with composers and musicians than to see any tourists. No fancy lobby or shops, there are hundreds of restaurants and stores within a few blocks. Some of the rooms have been renovated with fancy bathroom fixtures, some are more like an ordinary nice New York apartment. But they are big, two parties can share a suite easily (with kitchen) for a little more than what other midtown hotels charge for a double room. The windows in the rooms are not soundproof -- but this is Manhattan and personally I would prefer . Mostly hardwood floors, excellent beds and linens. No free wi-fi except in the lounge on the second floor which is a convenient place to meet. The staff are unobtrusive, professional and expert (for the very few requests we've needed to make over the years of staying here one every year or two).	
Sep 24 2009 	Outstanding Service	I've stayed at The Buckingham many times before, and always enjoy the large apartment-style rooms. During this particular stay however, I really had a chance to see what the staff was made of, and was quite impressed. I planned my 2-week September Birthday trip to NY in mid-July, but realized the day before my flight that I'd been scammed on Craigslist attempting to rent an apartment. So, at the last minute while I was in flight from Las Vegas, my husband booked me at the Buckingham for one night. I showed up at 10 a.m. with a pulled hamstring due to a packing injury. Also, I was distraught because I had no idea where I would be staying for the other 13 nights. I was immediately given one of their nicest rooms, and was sent a very cool Russian male masseuse to work on my hamstring.Even though the hotel couldn't accommodate me every night (it was during Labor Day and the U.S. Open) , they did their very best and accommodated me on most of the nights. Each employee made me feel that my well-being mattered, and that they truly sympathized with my dilemma. They made my problem their problem. I highly recommend this establishment, and can't imagine staying at any other NY hotel. VeraB - Las Vegas	
Sep 23 2009 	Great value friendly hotel	I had been to New York once before, but this time I was taking my parents for a special anniversary present. They hadn't been to NY before, and we wanted to have a suite that we could share. We got a really nice room. My parents had their own bedroom and I got the pull-out bed in the living area. The cost was amazingly good value for NY, and my parents loved being near to Central Park (about 2 mins walk away). 2 good subway routes were nearby which was very handy when we wanted to go down to the Empire State and Battery Park.The staff at this hotel are v friendly and v responsive. I contacted them in advance to check all was ok with my booking. I was a little hesitant before I got to the hotel as I had read a few less complimentary reviews on here, but I have to say the hotel was really good. My parents loved it. The suite was pretty big, clean and met all of our expectations.If you're looking for a hotel nr to Central Park and a pleasant 20min walk or so to Times Sq, and you want to get really good value for money, then this is it.	
Sep 22 2009 	Huge Rooms great for large family trips	My family met up in New York for a vacation. The place is a bunch of Condos turned hotel rooms, each one is different. This is an old building so it is hit or miss but for the 3 rooms I saw, it is really a decent place to stay with a group. You also have a kitchen so you can make breakfast or just get pizza and eat in for dinner. The windows are old so expect to hear the sounds of New York City.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great location but a bit basic 	On arrival, my friend and I were given the key to a room on the 5th floor where the decor looked very tired and paintwork was marked and grubby; it felt very depressing.Having read earlier reviews, we went back to reception and asked whether we could have a refurbished room and were given the key to a room on the 6th floor, which was a lot better, though still nothing write home about.We were still unpacking when a couple let themselves into our room, with a key which they had been given mistakenly, as the message hadn't been passed on that we had moved rooms - good job we hadn't gone out!My friend slept in the bed and I was in the sofa bed was was pretty uncomfortable, but we managed.It was a brilliant location, very central, but the hotel itself was ordinary,&amp; the staff seemed a bit bored. If I was going to NY again, I would take my chances on another hotel rather than going back to this one.	
Sep 1 2009 	Gina's helpfulness	We have been at this hotel many times in the past few years. The staff is friendly and helpful. This past visit Gina was extremely good to us in selecting a wonderful room. sincerly yours, Judith Adelman Birmingham, Mi.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great price great location great room great stay!	We had a wonderful time at the Buckingham and were very pleasantly surprised at the size of the room and the amenities. We hope to stay there again on our next visit to New York City!	
Aug 29 2009 	Service with a smile	We visited NYC for my sister in laws 50th as a party of 8 and could not have enjoyed the Buckingham more. The front desk staff were all friendly, efficent, knowledgable and went the extra mile even when not requested. The rooms were on the large size and each had their own design and feel. Each had mircowave, coffee, iron, small kitchen (some with stove top) and refrig. It was central to everything and had several subway locations within a block or two. A block off 5th ave you would expect to pay much more but it was value and worth a visit.	
Aug 29 2009 	Warm friendly staff and overall good value for money	This was the third time that I have stayed at the Buckingham Hotel in New York. Great location ! Warm, and friendly staff. Great service and value for money.	
Aug 27 2009 	Thanks to excelent staff!	I´d like to thanks everyone on this hotel for the fantastic stay we had! The location is probably the best for tourist, we had everything we need in steps from the Hotel.The room was very big, the soft jazz music in the elevator made me feel really in NYC!Ask Sandra and the excellent staff ( special thanks to Claudette) to help you, and they will be there!	
Aug 26 2009 	this place is really nice	I needed a place to stay while my house was being painted - the fumes from the paint aggravate my asthma - so my daughter suggested I say here, since it was close to her apartment and her place was too small. From the moment that I walked into this hotel, I was really pleased. The staff was friendly and the room was very clean and had lots of space. I called downstairs to ask about places to eat and they were very helpful. I was extremely happy with my stay and would stay here again.	
Aug 24 2009	I love this place!!	My annual vacation is a 10-day stay in NYC, and I'm pretty picky about where I stay -- this is THE place to be! This is my first year here at the Buckingham. I've read many reviews and this hotel should be nothing less than an EXCELLENT rating! If anyone gave this hotel anything less than 4 or 5 stars, they have NOT spent much time on Manhattan Island. Any hotel room under $300/night in NYC is usually a shoe-box with two twin beds, a pancake for a pillow, 150 square feet of living space and, simply, dark and depressing with a window view of a brick wall. When I walked into our suite at the Buckingham, my first words were &quot;I think I want to live here.&quot; The rooms are huge and spacious, the location is perfect and the hotel holds a lot of charm. As far as cleanliness, the sheets are changed daily (snow white and fresh), the bedspreads are duvets that are also changed daily, and the kitchenettes are pristine and updated. Most importantly, the staff is nothing short of friendly and accommodating. We had a few requests that were out of the ordinary and the staff saw that everything was taken care of with a smile and the utmost in courtesy. I did reserve a deluxe suite which is a little more money, but still an unbelievable deal in NYC! I've spent the same amount of money (even more) at other hotels and didn't get one-quarter of the service OR the room. The deluxe suite is about 800 sq feet of space (a full living room, a kitchenette and a good-size bedroom and bath). I suggest going the extra $$$/night which is peanuts. It is more than worth it and your stay here will be nothing less than wonderful. After 10 days, I still don't want to leave!! I will be reserving my room for next year when I check out tomorrow.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great Staff! Great Location! Fun Time!	We just got back to California after a great trip to New York! We were very apprehensive about picking a hotel off the internet - especially after reading some of the less complimentary reviews - but, after contacting the hotel by e-mail, we decided to give it a try. The Buckingham Hotel was perfect for us. We were greeted at the door by a friendly, helpful staff member (Marvin) who helped us unload all of our luggage and took it up to our room which was a wonderful start to our New York adventure. Then, we were welcomed by a friendly front desk staff including Sandra Arrias who I had been corresponding with by e-mail. Sandra and other staff members gave us restaurant suggestions, parking information, and directions several times throughout our visit which really helped us. We were 5 women traveling together - most of us visiting New York for the first time - and we wanted a comfortable, safe, convenient and economical place to stay and THIS WAS IT!! We had two rooms (16H &amp; 14C) and they were both perfect - lots of room to spread out and relax when we had the chance. We didn't do much cooking but having the refrigerator and microwave available for quick breakfasts was wonderful. The rooms are certainly not modern or &quot;glitzy&quot; but they are comfortable and clean which is what we wanted and the beds were the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in at a hotel. In addition, the location of the hotel can not be beat. It is steps to the subway, a block from Central Park, a couple of blocks from the tour bus stops and a short walk to Rockefeller Center and Times Square. We were out several nights past midnight and always felt safe and comfortable coming to and from the hotel. If and when we ever have the opportunity to return to New York, we will definitely be staying at The Buckingham.	
Aug 24 2009 	Good hotel to stay	This hotel offer good access to all the major attraction such as MOMA, LIncolin Center, Upper Westside, and upscuale shopping and entertainment.	
Aug 22 2009 	Perfect spot	We really enjoyed our stay at the Buckingham. We got a really good rate from Travelzoo and the location couldn't have been better. The room had a lot of character, was very clean and spacious, and met our needs really well.	
Aug 20 2009 	Very nice hotel	I found this to be a very nice hotel. The room was a nice size. It was quiet. The staff was extremely kind, friendly and helpful. The only thing I didn't like was that the cabinet in the bathroom was too close to the toilet.	
Aug 19 2009 	Ask for the Renovated Rooms!	Three years agao I stayed at the Buckingham and couldn't WAIT to stay there again! The location is fabulous! I have recommended it to many people travelling to NYC. Our suite (3 years ago) was hip, modern, updated and lots of space (especially for NY). Much to my disappoinment, the room this stay was far from hip, modern and updated. The room was very clean (thank you!) however, we were back in the 50's-60's with decor. When we asked for a renovated room, the front desk was very vague....pretending to not know what I was talking about. This in itself was very disappointing. We ended up staying in our original suite (lots of space) but saw a few of the &quot;nice &quot; rooms on the way out. Be aware that the parking garage will blatantly rip you off if you are not aware of how much you owe them before you hand them your money. I learned the hard way (I am too trusting) and they overcharged me $20 and would not give it back. Will I stay there again???? Only if they guarantee me one of the renovated rooms, so call ahead to be sure you get one....THEY are great!	
Aug 13 2009 	Great Service prime location why would you stay anywere else!!!!!!!!!!	the hospitality and treatment from the staff was remarkable. i would recommend anyone that visits NYC to stay at this hotel and the location is phenomenal.	
Aug 11 2009 	Fun Time	Really enjoyed our stay! Nice staff and awesome location! We loved our stay!	
Aug 5 2009 	Great location great hotel	A great place to base your NYC experience from. A block from Central Park, the hotel was convenient and a great deal. Have stayed here many times and would continue to enjoy the experience.	
Jul 29 2009 	ok but would not stay again	So for the price we expected more. Parking through their garage was 150.00 for 3 nights! Was outrageous, and the room was 167 a night. The bathroom was awful, the shower barely drained. It was nice that the room had a kitchen, so we bought our own cereal and could store food and drinks. The bed was awful. very bouncy. Kinda farther away from most of everything but close to subway and 2 blocks from central park.	
Jul 24 2009 	The best location	I stayed at the Buckingham when visiting New York for the first time last October. Yes, the hotel is an older property with some of the things you expect in an older building (the electric wiring gives off a few sparks in the room, for example). But you need to balance that against the fact that the rooms are really spacious, it's great to have the kitchen available if you want to save some money, and most of all its location is perfect. You can walk to Central Park, to and down 5th Avenue, to Time Square - and whn you want to go further afield there's a subway station at each end of the block. You couldn't have a better base for exploring New York. The staff on Reception are friendly and welcoming and happy to advise on where to go and how to get there.	
Jul 22 2009 	Nice people and public areas - room was a dump	We stayed at the Buckingham for one night on a recent family trip to NYC. We picked the hotel as we've stayed a number of times at other Affinia hotels and have had positive experiences. The hotel is well located and the people and public areas were nice. Our room (4C) was however, a dump. It was dirty, not painted or updated in many years, and the furniture looked like it was picked up off the street (that was being thrown away.) The bathroom was dingy with handles broken off of the shower door. The pull-out sofa was partially broken and barely usable. There were also no blankets in the room for the pull-out sofa. Oh, and the plumbing noises from the bathroom next door seemed to be located right behind the headboard for the bed and were surprisingly loud.I've made these comments directly to the hotel in the questionairre that they sent to me after we checked out and have received no response to date.	
Jul 19 2009 	Warmed to the hotel after initial disappointment	Was recommended by a friend so I expected a modern classy place. The foyer was dated but the staff were friendly and helpful. The stale cigarette smell in the hallway was almost enough to make me leave but we stayed. My 90 year old father enjoyed the cosy comfortable bed and my 11 year old son and I suffered with the sofabed that was really only covered coils! However, the location was fantastic and the kitchen saved us a lot of money and had everything we needed. The staff were fantastic and that really made the stay pleasant. We got used to the smells and we even managed to sleep on the coils. Great for those who want a bit more room, a separate bedroom and the ability to prepare own meals. We will be back next year.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great suites amazing service!	I'm so glad I found this hotel! Affordable, large rooms and exceptional service. Great location!	
Jul 17 2009 	Elegance near the Park	I had a great stay at the Buckingham. Tucked away on the corner of 57th and 6th ave. the warm colors were inviting upon entering the foyer. During my 2 day, staff was always professional, prompt and most importantly, flexible when I needed extra things for my room. Business conference was spacious clean with 24 hour access. The 1 bedroom suite with adjacent living space and kitchen was very roomy as well. Just 1 block from central park, it was nice to get a small piece of nature among all that concrete and steel of the city. Great Hotel.	
Jul 15 2009 	The Buckingham Hotel Service is Impeccable	Whoever is responsible for hiring Staff from the front desk to the General Manager should share their secrets with the rest of the world. Friendly and accommodating with a true sense of service in an industry that has lost sight of what that entails. Lisa and Sandra are to be commended.	
Jul 12 2009 	Couldn't have been better!	I am writing this from the living room of our 1-bedroom deluxe suite at the Buckingham. We have been here for 8 nights now, with one more to go. The lobby staff have been extremely helpful, and both they and housekeeping have been very responsive to any problems or questions we've had. The whole place is very clean, and nowhere near as shabby as many of these reviews had led me to expect. Our 1br suite is formed of 2 rooms that measure about 20X22 feet, plus a front entry hall (with full-sized closet), smal kitchen, and small bathroom. The suite actually has a queen-sized bed in the living room (instead of a sofa bed, which has actually been great for those sleeping in the LR), along with 2 bedside tables, 2 upholstered chairs, a dining table with 4 chairs, a large entertainment center (plenty of drawer space) and a desk and chair. there is also a sound system, DVD player, and large TV. The bedroom has a king sized bed, 2 night stands, a large dresser (8 drawers), and another TV, and two full-sized closets. The kitchen has a 2 burner stove, microwave, small sink, small refrigerator, 4-cup coffeemaker, and a toaster. There's also an iron/ironing board, and a hairdryer in the bathroom. The floors are parquet &quot;tiles&quot;, except the bathroom and kitchen, which have nice ceramic or stone tile. The a/c, while not chilling, is adequate, and efficient, and there's more than enough hot water and good shower pressure. The bathroom IS on the small side, but we've managed, and that's staying with 2 teenaged girls! Toiletries include soap, shampoo, and conditioner replenished daily, and dish washing liquid in the kitchen (and housekeeping will do the dishes!!!). The bed linens are fine (clean, probably 280 thread count sheets, fiberfill duvet, eight plump pillows for 2 beds) and the towels are thick and clean (and they DON'T smell like smoke!!). While the hallways are slightly dark, they have more than adequate lighting; the darkness is from the charcoal, purple, and gold color scheme. There is &quot;street noise&quot; in this 8th floor room, but there are blackout shades in addition to sheers and drapes on the windows; NYC runs 24/7, and there's always going to be noise, but if you are bothered, a pair of earplugs should do the trick, as it isn't THAT noisy! There are 2 elevators the work well; we've never waited more than a minute or so for any lift. We've had a couple of small issues with small appliances (toaster set off the smoke detector, iron leaked water around the base) and they've been replaced the same day they were reported. Maintenance even arrived to replace lightbulbs that housekeeping had reported were burned out; turns out one of the teens had unplugged the lap to recharge her phone! Location as reported- 5 mins to Central Park South, 10 mins to Columbia Circle, 10 mins to Rockefeller Center, 20 mins to Times Square. The neighborhood is safe, and there are plenty of 24 hour delis, a grocery store, lots of cafe-type places, several &quot;family&quot; restaurants, and several large hotel &quot;high end&quot; restaurants all within 5-10 minutes walk. This hotel is on the same block as Carnegie Hall. Subway entrance is across the street, bus line up the block, down the block, around the corner, etc. I paid an average of $175 per night (plus taxes) for early July. My husband used the exercise room and said it's fine- not extensive but there are stationary bikes, a strider, a set of free weights and bench, a weight machine, and several treadmills. I haven't been to the business center as I haven't needed to; there is plenty of &quot;unsecured&quot; internet access available in the room. SO, while there is nobody to turn down my sheets at night, no overpriced restaurant in the lobby (although a breakfast can be ordered and delivered to the room for $10), and none of the &quot;poshness&quot; of the Hilton or Sheraton, I paid hundreds less for tons of space, a kitchen for fixing breakfast, and a real place to spread out and live. I'll return to the Buckingham every time we come back to NYC.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great for me	The layout and level of amenity of my studio suite was exactly as I hoped it would be. I appreciated the space and the lack of fussy detail. There was no unnecessary extra: the functional kitchen was a boon, the attention to general comfort through furnishing, cleanliness and maintenance were clearly the hotel's main focus and strength. The tea and coffee supplies were kept topped up and toiletries were good quality and not drowned in fragrance. There was an unpretentious but strong arts focus in the lobby and elevator which helped define the mood and the staff were calm and polite without being obsequious. I felt good choices had been made in all of this and I felt pleased to have chosen the Buckingham.	
Jul 9 2009 	Good price but dated and not well maintained. Kitchen a joke.	We stayed here this week for two nights and booked our stay through hotwire. I was attracted to the hotel because of the location and the square footage of the room, along with the fact that it came with a kitchen. Traveling with a teenage son, we were looking to save money by eating a few meals in, choosing instead to spend our dollars on nightlife. The kitchen was so small, we couldn't fully open the fridge door - not kidding. It hit the wall! The kitchen was not fully equipped. I had to call the front desk to ask them to bring silverware up and a sharp knife. There also was no sponge for washing dishes and no hot pad for holding a hot pan. Clearly this is a kitchen best suited for someone who just wants to toast a bagel and have coffee in the morning and nothing else.The sofa had a cigarette burn on the back cushion and the bathtub's finish was coming off. There were so few outlets in the room, we had trouble finding an available one to plug in our cell phone. Wifi was only available on the 2nd floor. A bright spot was the fitness center, which was much better than most hotels and came with a sauna. It, along with the 2nd floor lounge had been recently remodeled. The rest of the hotel was very dated and not well maintained. The sleep sofa had the thinnest mattress I'd ever seen. Our bed (queen sized) was comfy.Ventilation wasn't the best either. The lobby was always very comfortably cool, but we could never get the room to be comfortable. It was always too warm no matter how we set the a/c.Bottom line. Location was great - right across from Carnegie Hall and the Director's Guild Theatre, but I probably wouldn't stay there again.	
Jul 5 2009 	Suite was like a home away from home thank you Buckingham	1st time at this hotel and we booked by telephone from Australia..We had a suite on the 15th floor ( 15E ) and it was like a home away from home.The suite was to our amazement was huge, kitchen/lounge with full cooking facilities and 2 convenience stores closeby.( 1 just around the corner and liquor store as well )The kitchen also has a full size fridge. The bed was very comfortable and the size of the rooms excellent.The bedroom was completely separate from the rest of the rooms. The hotel is getting on a bit in age so the furniture reflects this a bit, but if you are tired of having a squeezy hotel room then this is for you.The Hotel was a 5 minute walk to Central Park and a 20 minute walk to Times Square. The Subway to all lines are within a 5 minute walk.The Hotel does not have a restaurant but you have a huge selection closeby.The cab fare from JFK to the hotel was $45 USD. The cost of the hotel was very reasonable (for a suite) $187 plus tax. Definately recommend this hotel based on value for money.	
Jul 3 2009 	pros and cons	Pros--- Hotel is in a great location. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Room was spacious and pretty clean.Cons---- bed was uncomfortable, (small cheap mattress---could feel the springs) some of the lights didn't work, single pane windows --so we heard every car that passed by. Hallway smelled like smoke. Had to take a cold shower one day.The room they first put us in had a funky, mildew type smell---and we could see where the ceilings had leaked and they had attempted to paint over it to cover it up. We requested to be moved to another room and they accommodated us---the new room was better---but it did not have the kitchen in it---but that was fine because we didn't really need it. We thought about checking out and getting our money back---but we figured it would just be a hassle so we stuck it out and stayed. If we ever come back to New York. we will not stay at the Buckingham. Do not be mislead by internet photos---We stayed in one of the newly renovated rooms and we were not impressed. This is an old apartment building with some new carpet and paint----if your not real picky then for the money it is an ok deal----hindsight is 20-20. I would have rather paid a little more and stayed somewhere nicer.	
Jun 11 2009 	One of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in.	When we arrived there, the impression was quite good. The receptionist was friendly, the lobby was small, but nice. When we got to our room, on the other hand, it was awful! We were probably one of the lucky people, who ended up in a non-renovated room. There was no paint on the walls, and overall it looked like we were in the middle of a building site. We stayed there for a short while, but luckily we were outside most of the time.	
Jun 6 2009	Buckingham Hotel New York New York	What a great place. The room was extremely comfortable, spacious and clean. The staff was very professional. Everyone made you feel like they were glad to have you stay. The location was great and everything you could possibly need for a wonderful stay was within walking distance. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 3 2009 	Bed Bugs!!!	Stayed one night. Room was infested with bed bugs. Suffered bites on ankles and arms. Left early next morning and booked a room at the Hilton.	
Jun 1 2009 	For the price a bargain	I see some negative review on this space and I do not know what these reviewers are taling about. I stayed at the Buckingham May, 26, 27 &amp; 28th. The experience was wonderful, particularly in terms of the price, about $160 per night. In Manhattan terms, for a hotel of this quality, that is a steal.  I'm an author who had three publishing appointments right on 57th Street. So for starters, the location was escellent. The location is also perfect for midtown, Lincoln Center, Central Park or the theater. I'm also an ex-NYer who has moved away, so I enjoy being able to walk everfywhere I need to go.The hotel's booking agent put me exactly where I wanted to be (high floor, the 14th, overlooking 57th) the room was very clean, well lit and comfortable. The kitchen was fully equipped, all utensils clean. Maid service was excellent, quick and efficient. Check in, check out were each completed within 5 minutes. Everyone I encountered on your front desk, day and night, was right on the ball, pleasant and able to answer any questions. When the airport van stopped on 6th instead of infront of the building when I was departing for JFK, the doorman was quick to help me with a large bag. The only tiny glitch, a coffee maker that didn't work (not the hotel's fault). I mentioned it and a replacement with there in minutes.This is an older building, but that, to most NYers, is an asset. The room I had was like an old fashioned studio apartment, in NY terms. There is bus service immediately nearby, subway also. The area is safe 24/7. Oh, yes. There's a 24/7 Duane Reade drug store across the street and an all night grocery around the corner on 6th Avenue.Most of the criticisms of the hotel on these space seem to be from people who didn't know what to expect from a NY hotel or would have been happier in a bigger more touristy (and MUCH more expensive) location. So be it. Needless to say, the negativces recounted by others here were not part of my experience.	
Jun 1 2009 	Horrid Bathroom but good location and size...	The hotel in itself is small and lacking of basic services (can't buy a bottle of water from the hotel). The rooms are supposed to be all suites though. We got a small room, no couch in sight so I wouldn't consider it a suite, but they did have a small kitchen, wich was a plus, since we were traveling with children. The size was on the large side of all hotels I've stayed in Manhattan, but the bathroom, oh my, the bathroom... What a horrid little place. Very outdated, very creepy, broken tiles, tiny toilet, really, it was so awful I feel like words aren't enough to describe it.On the up side, it is a good location and I got a great deal at hotwire and paid only $129 for my stay.	
May 24 2009 	Call it a $200 motel 6 may be insulting to motel 6 cheap and old	We have stayed at many NYC hotels in the range of $150-300 per night in the past 6 months since I moved away from NYC. This is definitely at the bottom of the list: everything is so obviously cheap, the bed headboard, bedding, carpet, the paint on the wall where you can tell it was cheaply done, cracks visible, closet door is falling off the hinges. To top off all these, bathroom is simply disgusting, the titled floor look dirty with stains allover, vanity is cheapest ever, toilet looks like sth you will see in a public place, not your hotel room.Smell is weird, bathtub knobs making squeaking noises. Ac unit too loud that we had to turn it off. The positive: staff is friendly, we got reimbursed for the night we didn't stay there, but a little too late as no manager available in the evening before to help you, so we ended up staying there miserably for one night. And it is close to the park, but park central is too and probably cheaper. It is spacious, but it may be is worse when the room is just filled with cheap furniture. They call all suite hotel, that is just misleading!	
May 8 2009	Couldn't sleep a wink	We stayed in this hotel five years ago and had a nice room, clean with acceptable bed and relatively well isolated windows facing the streets.But this time!!Luckily we checked out and changed hotels right after the first night.The room was very big, I mean the living room. The bedroom, where you end up spending most of your time was tiny, stinky and the bed was literally falling apart. Very bad mattress and sheets that felt like polyester plastic on your skin.Cleanliness was questionable. Everything was topped by the poor isolation in the windows that were facing to the back of the building where the aircon machine was making airplane engine- like noise and I didn't sleep a wink without having nightmares about airplanes.I would rather stay in a well appointed small room with a proper bed and bathroom than in this noisy suite that is falling apart. For the same amount of money it is possible in mid-town so don't waste money on this 'over sized' nightmare.	
May 4 2009 	OK... if you know what you are getting	The Buckingham is a former apartment building consequently it is not your typical hotel and if you go in knowing that, you may well enjoy it.The pros: great location at 57th and 6th, close to Carnegie Hall (the hotel has a music theme to its decor), Central Park, subways, MOMA and lots of restaurants. Also if you get a deluxe suite you are getting your own apartment with large living room and a kitchen (a small typical NYC kitchen.) That's great if you're there for multiple days.The cons: really, really noisy location because 57th is a cross-town thoroughfare plus has bus service on it and has a lots of construction going on. (They were jack hammering at midnight one night.) Very limited technical infrastructure for computers (don't bother getting the modem unit; it's useless) and very few electrical outlets in the room. No tech knowledge or support from staff. Pokey bathroom with disintegrating tile, and a bad mattress on the bed. TV reception was all screwed up ( we got a weird selection of speciality stations but no mainstream stations.) Oddly, despite all these problems, we had a good time and enjoyed the location. The rooms vary significantly. We had friends staying there too so saw 3 rooms altogether and they were all very different in layout, comfort and condition. My advice, book only a deluxe room. Make them move you if you don't like the room. Leave your computer at home. And bring ear plugs.	
Apr 18 2009 	Not recommended	Location is good. It's like a very small apartment. However, otherwise, the rooms are not worth it: very uncomfortable bed, very small bathroom, very cheap furnishings, strong odor of cleaning fluid in the room, no amenities in the hotel, no room internet. For the same price, I would have been far, far better off at the Hilton.	
Apr 11 2009 	Bargain of the Century	Bargain of the century in Midtown Manhattan!! On the corner of 6th ave and W 57th st, 2 blocks from Central park, Subway outside the door, &lt;1 mile from Times Square. We paid $204 per night (internet special) for 3 nights 12/16-12/19 2008 for a basic room. When we checked in we were given a complimentary upgrade to a corner suite (11G) which was very large—Huge by NY standards which had a separate bedroom, kitchen, and Living room/Dining room. The furniture was reasonable though the bed could use an update, so could the bathroom. Good water pressure, excellent front desk staff, but most importantly—in the middle of everything.	
Mar 5 2009 	Great hotel Location Staff!	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in February with two friends of mine. We travel often to NYC and try to stay in a different hotel each year. But I think this could be one that we would gladly go back to. It is a boutique hotel, so you do not have a big lobby and lots of amenities in the hotel, but you are in walking distance of everything you could need. Our suite - an executive suite - was big enough to live in, especially in Manhattan. If the place ever goes co-op, I'm in! A big kitchen for NY standards, stainless steel appliances even a dishwasher, and dishes for cooking and serving. Dining area had a full sized table that could easily fit 6 and with two leaves, you could have 10 people. Large living area with queen sleeper couch, leather arm chair, tv with dvd player, vcr, wireless speakers, writing table or work desk. Ample lighting, beautiful windows. Two closets, safe in one, small makeup dresser outside king sized bedroom - also with tv and armoire. Bathroom is large with tub, sink, toilet, window, and another makeup area.Our room was a corner room, so we did have the noise from 57th street and 6th ave, but that is New York. The staff was friendly and professional, the bell man especially helpful to us. Lobby is very small, but in New York, it is nice to know that someone is checking who is coming in and out for safety. After 6 pm, you must use your room key to access the elvator. After midnight, you must use the room key to access the front door as well. Lack of valet parking is a small inconvenience, but now that we know to park first on 56th and 6th, it is okay. You could pull up past the hotel and drop off your luggage and a friend and then do the drive around to the parking. We were there at midday and it took about 15 minutes.Dining options abound, 57 café had a great breakfast, Brooklyn Diner west on 57th was fun, there are little eateries nearby for take out or quick meals and there is always Jekyll and Hyde right on 6th for some fun.Getting a cab was pretty easy each time we took one, and one night we walked back from the theater. Walked over to Bloomies too and all the great shopping along the way and on 5th Avenue.There was no internet access in the room, you could go to a lounge on the 2nd floor when the business center was closed. All in all, we loved it and the price was excellent. I highly recommend it!	
Feb 11 2009 	Smoke and Mirrors--Caveat Emptor!	Booked the &quot;special Winter rate&quot; for $159 for standard suite and was shocked to find out that only the deluxe suites were non-smoking! Have to pay $179 + lots of tax for that. That's no deal!	
Feb 9 2009	Great Space and Value	We had a reservation at a different hotel for the weekend, but the day before arriving in New York I saw a rate of $159 for an executive one bedroom king suite at The Buckingham on Quikbook. Although the hotel has fairly mixed reviews on TA, I have always been interested in trying this property because of the space and the musical history of the hotel. I booked this amazing rate and I wasn`t disappointed. We walked into a huge apartment, immaculately kept and nicely decorated. The full kitchen had new appliances including a full refrigerator, cooktop stove and oven, stainless steel dishwasher, microwave, toaster and coffee maker. Also cookware, flatware and dishes. There was a full dining table and chairs, queen sized sofa bed, a large bedroom and plenty of closet space. Also 2 televisions, 2 dvd players, vhs and stereo system with wireless speakers. The spacious bathroom wasn`t contemporary, but charming with crown molding, new fixtures, abundant towels, great water pressure and plenty of hot water. We loved having our own New York pied-a -terre. The front desk staff was talkative and extroverted at check in and check out. This was a great experience and we`ll definitely return.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great hotel! Great Location!	We stayed at the Hotel Buckingham for 3 nights 29th Dec ’08 – 1st Jan ’09.We got to the hotel early, before check in, and so the reception took our bags off us and we went for a wander. I couldn’t believe just how close to Central Park this hotel was, literally a minute walk! It is in a great location with some great amenities nearby – there is shop/pharmacy opposite, several restaurants and a great little deli/café nearby (if you come out the hotel and turn left, go over the road, turn left again and it right there) that was so cheap and delicious, we had breakfast there aswell a pizza one night..and not forgetting cheesecake! Yum!We went back to the hotel to check in and our room wasn’t ready still, we weren’t concerned by this and were just going to head back to central park, but the lady on reception then offered to upgrade us for free! We never asked, or made a fuss so we were very surprised, and thrilled! Our room was on the 15th floor, it was incredible. It was an apartment with a lounge area, dining room, kitchen, bedroom and bathroom! We really enjoyed our stay at the Buckingham, we had not a single problem, it was incredibly clean and comfortable, with a great heating and central heating system and friendly help full staff, and to top it all off…. in a perfect location.The only thing to point out is that not only is New York the city that never sleeps…it’s also the city that never lets you sleep, as there is quite a lot of traffic noise at this hotel, but it wouldn’t put me off staying here again!	
Dec 9 2008 	Failed to live up to expectations	Web site is very misleading - studio suite was not as suggested by site - in particular, kitchen fitted into cupboard (not a huge problem, but not as web site suggested) and there was no table to work at - big problem; not suitable for business trips. The only table was a side-table with stereo on it which was too high to work on and in any event was uneven so moved about when I attempted to work at it. Had to sit on bed with computer to work - not satisfactory.Web site also advertised free internet access to each room (I see it has now changed to business centre) which was very important to me (and I had specifically requested it in email booking). No such luck. Offered huge clunky modem for insane sum per night - tried it but didn't work so gave up. Not much help from front desk on advising about obtaining internet access near the hotel - ended up finding some for myself at a USP down the block. &quot;Business Centre&quot; - if you can call it that - had one computer which could be accessed only with assistance during business hours (useless if in business meetings/conference all day and need to use it in evening) - theoretically had wireless available which some people seemed to access but I was unable to access it (not sure why - managed to get 'free city access' from NBC if I held my computer up against the window in my room at an odd angle, but that was too unreliable to use most of the time!). Room only had a couple of very old fashioned power outlets and not all of them worked - not helpful if have computer/phone and other devices to power up - I had to unplug stereo etc just to plug in computer.Not fussed about the size, but some honest advertising would be nice. Decided to take bath to relax one night only to discover plug did not fit properly so water just poured out of it as fast as it went in. Pipes very noisy so needed to avoid using bathroom at night.Incredibly noisy - I know it's to be expected on level 5 opposite main street but window fittings did nothing to help. Heating/cooling system also very noisy.Never saw a &quot;complimentary New York Times&quot;Might be ok to use as base for holiday (location is excellent and there is good cupboard space for luggage/clothes) but avoid if visiting NY for business purposes and hope to do some work in your room in the evenings.	
Nov 12 2008 	Loved the space!	We stayed at the Buckingham 1 Nov - 4 Nov 2008. Excellent suite room, loads of space, kitchenette area, lounge area with sofa bed so easy can accommodate 4 people. Great location 57st off 6 ave. Only 2 blocks away from Central Park, in the heart of everything...would book again.	
Oct 13 2008 	Good value but with definite problems	The Buckingham Hotel is conveniently located in the heart of Manhattan midtown, a short walk to many attractions, transportation, Carnegie Hall, restaurants, and 5th Ave and Madison Ave. shopping. It is the best value hotel in the overpriced midtown area, and overall a pretty good selection.Having said that, it has several problems. The first problem is the complete absence of a loading and unloading zone for guests. Arriving guests must stop (DO NOT PARK) in a metro bus zone and run the risk of being either run over by a bus or being ticketed by &quot;New York's finest&quot;. Do not even consider leaving your car in the bus zone while you run into the hotel to register since you will come back to a traffic ticket, or a towed-away car.To make this even worse, the hotel has NO VALET PARKING and minimal doorman assistance. So, you leave the family and the luggage on the sidewalk hoping a bellman will appear while you go to find a parking garage, The garage affiliated with the hotel is only one block away, but because of Manhattan's complicate traffic patterns and one-way streets, it can take as long as 30 minutes to get there during busy traffic times.A better way is as follows: approach the Buckingham Hotel area by driving north on 6th Ave, and turn right at 56th St. The garage which has a discounted rate for Buckingham guests is the first driveway on your left on 56th St. Park there and schlepp your luggage to the hotel (pack light and use roller bags). As you approach the registration desk the lone bellman may try to finally assist you, but ignore him: too little, too late.Once you arrive at the lobby, be prepared for the darkest lobby in the hotel business, with absolutely no sunlight and very little illumination of any kind. It looks like nighttime even at high noon.Other problems: No restaurant, snack bar, coffee shop, or bar. You must bring all your snacks and drinks in from a neighborhood deli; not a pleasant thing to do at 2 AM. Plan ahead: if you may want a soft drink or a snack in the nighttime, purchase it in the afternoon. The rooms do have a refrigerator with ice cube trays. Misfitted bedlinens have been an ongoing problem during several stays here, as the housekeeping staff tries to squeeze double bed sheets onto king sized beds, leading to a crumpled and uncomfortable mess.The hotel has no business center or even a computer for guests to check e-mails. You may use one of the secretaries computers from 9 Am - 5 PM M-F (only) at a cost of $8 for 30 minutes. According to the front desk, the hotel has no plans to provide a business center.	
Oct 8 2008 	great location !	We had a great time in the Buckingham ! We knew the location is very good but did'nt know how good it was. 20 seconds to the bussues or subway and you can travel all day long across new york, safe enviroment all day and night. Central Park is minutes away, and a supermarket is not far on the 57th. The hotel's info about culture in ny gave us the opportunity to see Gal Costa in a lovely Gazz bar. The room (14J) was rather small comparing to the pictures but very comfortable, not &quot;fancy&quot; but &quot;home-like&quot;. there was planty of storage area. the kitchenet was hidden in a closet space - lovely idea... and we could actually cook real meals as the kitchen came with full set of cooking gear... the air condtioning system worked well, nice bathroom, clean room - we felt comfortable there.The view from the room was nice as you could see .becouse of the cooking possibility a nice saving can be achieved espicially for those who prefer home meals and hate fast food. we had families with kids as neigbors and i surely recommend this hotel to families - safe area, near the park, easy transportation, home cooking.... great.so - we had a great vacation and will definitely go back.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great place	For a family of 3 or 4 this is the place. Kitchen and separate LR.Will be back!	
Sep 17 2008 	Widely different rooms	I have stayed at the Buckingham three separate times in the last few months, coming to NYC for business. While I have generally liked the property and especially its fantastic location, there is very little consistency in the quality of the rooms. From what I can gather this used to be (and I think some rooms still are) a resident hotel. I've had the deluxe one bedroom each time. One suite, had a mini kitchen, and one had a full kitchen. One had a new set of beautiful new furniture and new mattress and one had mismatched lamps and a creaky old bed. Can't quite figure it all out. I would return, but if I stay there for more than a day or so, I might not be settling for the first room they give me.	
Aug 19 2008	Wonderful location	We had such a great time here! We didn't really know what was near the location, but it was such a delight to be so close to Central Park, especially when there was heavy overnight snow. The hotel staff were very helpful and gave us great information about eating nearby.The suites were very good, although the heating had to be coaxed into life, in mine, and the air condtioning system outside my room was incredibly noisy. However, I was so tired on the first night that I didn't notice it, and I managed to ignore it after that.The view from the room was all the air conditioning pipes and some very grim walls, but I didn't expect anything else in NYC and I was too eager to get outside to be looking out of the window!The subway is close by, which is very handy for going downtown.Altogether, a great place to be - will definitely go back.	
Aug 18 2008 	Great hotel in midtown	We have stayed at the Buckingham several times a year for the last 5 years. It is located on 57th St., a block east of Carnegie Hall, and a short walk to Central Park. The accomodations are outstanding, suites with kitchens, living rooms and spacious bedrooms. The kitchens are fully equipped. The staff is wonderful to deal with and helpful in every way possible. The location of this hotel is perfect for those wanting quick access to Lincoln Center and the Park. A subway stop is just across the street. We really enjoy this hotel.	
Jul 30 2008	100% satisfied	Wonderful stay! Location is perfect: 2 blocks from Central Park, a lot of buses and undergroud lines just outside the door; plenty of places to have dinner in a short walk (no more than 2 blocks). Starbucks just crossing the road. A big and excellent supermarket (WholeFoods) in Columbus Circle just 5 minutes walk away.We were 4: my husband, my 10 years-old son, my aunt and me.At the arrival we had a free upgrade to an executive suite (Room 3G). Huge apartment: very clean, very confortable, despite on a 3rd floor also the noise outside was acceptable (or may be we were too tired to pay attention to it...)My aunt slept on the sofabed (may be not too comfortable), while we shared the very comfortable king bed. Bath (little but clean and quite recent) was in the bedroom so that can be a little bit unconfortable if the suite is shared between couples.Kitchenette was small but very well appointed: enought for a good breakfast in the morning.May be the airconditioned was a bit noisy and in the lobby I was always freezing but the overall rating can only be excellent.I understand that not all the suites in this hotel have the same quality level and when I asked for a higher floor the concierge told me that on the 3rd floor the room was a lot better. So that explains why we find very different rating for this hotel.I believe that in NY if you sped 250$/night (in July) for that accomodation it is really a big deal!!! I would reccommend this hotel again and again. I would stay again there in my next trip to NY.	
Jul 10 2008 	Stop the Whining! This place is a find!	I had booked this hotel knowing the location only. Raading the reviews I had some serious doubts but for the price and location it seemed worth the chance. Expecting the worst, I was pleasently surprised at the wonderful apartment like atmosphere and comfort of the room. The room was clean, spacious and had more than I expected. The &quot;living room&quot; was beautiful and a nice place to host visitors. With a small bar and modern kitchen it seemed like home. The bedroom was comfortable, clean and once more provided a private space away form the rest of the &quot;apartment&quot; The bathroom was a bit small but for NY standards quite sufficient. Two walk in closets, yes walk in closets, one in the foyer, and one in the bedroom provide more than enough space for my clothes, luggage, and the ironing board etc. Guest could actually hang there jackets up as they entered! Houskeeping was great and descrete, the front lobby awsome ,art deco, and the staff attentive. Based on the initial reviews and my experience, had I step into the twilight zone? If so book it next time! PS, the price for NY was incredible!	
Jul 6 2008 	Dumpy hotel but good location	I booked this hotel based on location and the price ($199/nite). The location was good - short walk from Times Square, Rockefeller Center, etc. Lots of train lines nearby as well.I have to say, the hotel was quite the dump. Our room was dingy, the rug was ripped up, the TV was terrible (but who watches TV), the bathroom had hair all over the walls (gross), toilet was backed up when we checked in, the vents were filthy and the bed was terrible.I've been to New York many times and stayed at different hotels in different price ranges. I tried to stay out of the room as much as possible here because it skeeved me out. The vents were completely covered in dust, which made me wonder what the hell was I breathing.Don't be fooled, the lobby of the Hotel is beautiful and very modern, but the rooms are run down and not very nice.	
Jul 6 2008 	Impressive at the price.	I stayed i 3G for a week. 3G is third floor on the corner of 57th street and 6th Avenue. This makes sure that you can hear the city, how ever after a full day of sightseeing even our 2 year old daughter had no problem sleeping. In my oppinion the noice of the city is part of the experience. 3G is a Deluxe 1 bedroom, and it is not like the one on the website. The furniture is a older and kept in brown, but in good condition. The rooms are big and there is lots of space arounf the bed. Enough room for a baby bed and a huge stroller. The living room has 2 sofas and a chair, a work table and a dining table. The small kitchen consistes only of a microwave oven. The bathroom is small, but when sitting on the &quot;potty&quot; you have the view over 6th avenue through the blinds.The hotel does not have a bar of lunchroom. How ever just up 57th street (less than 100 meters) there is the green cafe. Go here to get your breakfast. I can also recomend their sandwiches, they are a lot better than what I found elsewhere. on the oposite corner of 57th and 6th you'll find Rue57. Go here for drinks and.... Well their service and food is top of the line at a very nice price.The service in the hotel. I've stayed in a lot of hotels mainly in London, Zürich and Gibraltar. I have never felt so welcome or had such quick responce to any type of requests. Not even when I asked for change to the in house laundrett (50+ quarters). They will help you order takeout and they even have a book of menues from places they recomend. There is free wireless access on the second floor. In room internet access costs $12 a day. The second floor has a very nice lounge where you can do your netting....I will be recomending this hotel to every one. But if you can't sleep for the noice of the city that never sleeps then ask for a room on a higher floor than 3rd.	
Jul 4 2008	Pretty Decent overall	We booked this for a week in December when visitin the city. All the rooms are suites so there is plenty of room for everyone and everything (which is hard to find in NYC!). The beds and furniture, while basic and generic is style, were all very comfortable and clean. The bathroom, however spotlessly clean, looked like it was last updated in the 1960s. The kitchenette area was decent with a mini-fridge, microwave, toaster, and coffee maker, but again, quite outdated. We didn't have a view, but the windows opened and provided welcome cool air (the steam heat made the room quite warm and dry, but it was not adjustable, so being able to open the windows in the middle of December was great!). The staff were about 50/50 on their customer service skills, but one of them was repeatedly a smartass and not helpful at all. It's too bad we couldn't fire him. The TV did not come with any movie channels and the hotel didn't offer any VHS or DVDs because the room also did not come with any type of player for them! This surprised us at a nightly rate of about $270. They offered wi-fi, but only in the business lounge with no desk/table surfaces to work on and CNN droning in the background and no way to turn it off or change the channel. It was like the hotel wanted you to stay in your room because nothing else was good. Now, it's saving grace was it's location. It across the street and down the block from Carnegie Hall and just 8 blocks from Times Square and 2 blocks to Central Park so EVERYTHING (this is New York, afterall) is literally within easy walking distance. So basically the suites are comfortable and it's location really cannot be beat but the services could be better.To be honest, though, no one travels to New York for the service. It's the city you go for and everything it has to offer. As for me, I'll stay there again. Maybe when I go next time the service will have improved, but if not, I'll make sure the plan accordingly.	
Jul 2 2008 	Great hotel - would definitely stay again	I had been slightly dubious about booking this hotel due to the varied comments which I found on Trip Advisor. In the end we decided to book it because the price was really good. We booked it online using Lastminute.com.Arrived at the hotel and from the exterior it looked pretty good. The booking in experience was good and quick. On entering our room (on the 16th floor) we were very surprised at the size and what we had on offer. The room had a small kitchenette, a living area with comfortable sofa and chair along with TV and CD player. The bedroom was a good size with king-size bed. There was plenty of storage space. The bathroom wasn't brilliant but was sufficient for our needs.We had a New York Times delivered every morning as part of our package. The cleaning staff were friendly and we found the hotel staff friendly as well. A very enjoyable stay of just over 2 weeks. If we were to visit New York again we'd certainly consider staying here.	
Jun 29 2008 	Great depending on what you pay	This hotel is all about &quot;value.&quot; I put value in quotes because it depends on what you paid.First, it's an old apartment building converted to a hotel. The studios are no bigger than a hotel room but the full one bedrooms are outstanding. Where else do you get like 700sf in NYC?!If you pay more than $350 a night I can see not being so happy with it. It's definitely not shiny and new inside. However, it definitely has character - and the good kind. Not the roaches and rats kind at all.I've stayed here twice based on hotwire (if it says there is a kitchenette in central mid-town manhattan you know something is up) and for the $225-$250 range it's outstanding. Location is amazing and it's clean. For that price, you truly can't ask for anything more.	
May 20 2008 	Noisy and dated	Hotel was noisy and furnishings were dated. Our first room reeked of cigarette smoke and when we turned on the lamp the shade fell off. The couch was so shabby I wouldn't have sat on it. I immediately requested another room and it was only slightly better. Hotel location was the best feature. We would never stay here again.	
May 20 2008 	Great location	An unusual hotel in that there is no bar or restaurant, not even for breakfast or a coffee, but it's in a great location with a good choice of cafes, bars and restaurants very close by. In that way you spend less time in the hotel and more time getting a feel for the city, which is the whole point of going to NYC. Another plus point is the rooms are spacious and as far as I know all have a sort of kitchenette with a fridge and at least the basics, so you can stock up with drinks and a few snacks if you want to. My room also had a walk-in wardobe with plenty of space, so the bedroom didn't get cluttered up. Bathroom a little bit tired but clean, complimentary soap &amp; shampoo and plenty of hot water, so no problem. Reception staff friendly and helpful, and there's a comfy sort of small lounge on the 2nd floor where you can chill out and read the paper or watch tv (but no drinks). Would I stay there again? Yes. One suggestion to the management, get some new flags to hang over the entrance, the ones there now are tattered and dirty, spoiling the look of the place. (May 08)	
May 19 2008 	Great Hotel!!	The hotel's location is great, close to everything! 5-10 minutes walk from broadway, 3 minutes walk to the fifth avenue and 2 mintes walk to the central park, with a subway station right next to the hotel!the rooms where pretty and very clean, just like living in New York.. we went to a close supermarket and bought food, and in the morning we ate in our room, since we had a nice small kitchen in our room and a small dining place..every room is decorated differently since it's a boutique hotel.. the view was great, and the staff were very nice!next to the hotel there is a nice deli and in a short walk you can enjoy an amazing italian restaurant with the best pizza in the world!!	
May 16 2008 	Buckingham hotel - Space was what we wanted	My sister, my friend and myself have just returned from a great trip to New York. It fell to me to arrange accommodation; our primary concerns were space with some basic kitchen facilities, location in central New York and reasonable rates. After many nights trawling through the internet I came up with the Buckingham which had all the above. However, some adverse comments on trip advisor gave me cause for concern. The hotel reassured me that all was well and off we went.We were thrilled to find on arrival that we had two large spacious rooms with kitchen and the hotel was very central.We enjoyed our stay at the Buckingham. It's a reasonably priced comfortable hotel in a good location. The rooms were clean, slightly old fashoned with plenty of space. The kitchen facilities were an added attraction. The staff were helpful and friendly. The services were good.Overall, we would be more than happy to stay there again._________________________________________________________________	
May 14 2008 	Great base for Midtown stay	Our room in Hotel Buckingham was comfortable and spacious. The main living area and bedroom had been recently remodeled - the kitchen and bathroom areas were still a little dated but absolutely sufficient. The atmosphere of the whole hotel is very cool - lots of jazz motifs - very evocative of New York.I slept on a sofa bed in the living room - as sofa beds go it was passable. Not hugely comfortable, but I did sleep ok. The pillow was great.The noise from the street outside was a bit intrusive on a couple of nights as there was work going on in the street below. But it's Manhattan - I can't imagine there are many places that aren't noisy at night!The best thing about this place for me was the location. I spent a lot of time in theatres, and W57th was almost ideal walking distance to all of them. Subway station metres away. Two blocks from Central Park. Excellent!	
Apr 24 2008 	Nice Friendly Clean and Convenient	The hotel was in a great location. This is a smaller hotel that gives great service. The staff was always willing to help out, look up different locations, and print out directions for us at a moments notice. The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were cozy. We always had hot water.	
Mar 29 2008 	great space for a family of 5	Room 7g,was just like having an a 1 bedroomed apartment which was clean with loads of space ,kitchen ,dining area,large living area and bedroom.Decor a bit dated but at $ 229 a night a bargain.Great location.	
Mar 27 2008 	Frequent travel to NYC	I am a frequent business traveler to NYC, last year spending parts of 21 weeks, and always stay at the Buckingham Hotel. It is always great to get back to a friendly place with very good service. I recommend the Buckingham to anyone I know who will be visiting NYC.Frequent NYC Traveler	
Mar 27 2008 	Great hotel	I am a businessman from Hong Kong and I do a lot of travel in my work.In March, I had to make a trip to New York and I wanted to bring my family with me. My colleague recommended the Buckingham Hotel. They took time to understand my needs and offer me a reasonable rate. This is an outstanding hotel in the best location. We had a 2 bedroom 2 bath suite and it was more spacious than most apartments in Hong Kong. We loved it. And the staff was sooo helpful and recommended restaurants for us that were quite delicious. I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone and I will stay here again on my next trip !	
Mar 21 2008	Love The Buckingham	I haved stayed @ the buckinham for over 5 years. The location is ideal and the staff is more than gracious. The rooms are spacious and clean..most importantly. The rooms also provide kitchens which I find to be one of most attractice qualities of this hotel. I would definitley recommend staying @ The Buckingham. You will find it to be a pleasureable experience.	
Feb 28 2008 	Go by the photos on THIS site not the hotel's website!!!!!!!!!!!!	I am willing to bet good money that the room photos on the hotel's website were NOT taken at the hotel... I am 100% serious. I've stayed in a lot of NYC hotel rooms (at all price points), so I like to think I have some idea of what to expect when I arrive. Let's just say that the Buckingham kept me guessing!The exterior and lobby of the hotel are very nice... The hallways are clean and nicely decorated...Then, you open the door to your room and WOW. It's immediatelty like being in a cheap roadside motel. My bed was LITERALLY concave, with a deep sag that I could easily see from the doorway.The bathroom was the size of an airplane bathroom, and I had to walk in completely and close the door all the way in order to sit on the toilet. Luxurious! I had to rent a cable modem to have internet access in my room. Modern! There was ONE bellman for the whole hotel, and he was busy doing something else every single time I saw him (I stayed for three nights). Service! All in all, it was very much like staying at a friend's place - kinda crummy, but there's obviously no point in complaining. They're not going to, like, RENOVATE the hotel for you or anything...I liked that my room faced the street (even though yes, it was loud as hell), and that the window opened. My company was paying for the stay, otherwise... if it had been my own money, I would have changed hotels.	
Feb 18 2008 	Avoid the Buckingham	We booked this hotel for it's location (57th and 6th) and reasonable price. We even called ahead about parking, and were told the bellman would direct us. Well, when we arrive there was no bellman in sight. We brought our bags in, and my husband asked the front desk for directions to their discounted parking garage. In that short 2 minutes of time he received a $115 parking ticket, since there is no place to stop to unload your bags! No warning from the hotel staff either.The room as just okay -- parquet floors in need of refinishing, very small bathroom, nice kitchenette. When we tried to take a shower, hwever, the cold water did not work (the faucet was broken -- how could they not know?).The piece de resistence? The parking garage they directed us to was NOT the one with the discount -- they gave us the wrong directions.....so overnight parking cost $59.Do yourself a favor and pay more money for your room up front.	
Feb 10 2008 	Great location...Saggy bed.	The location of the Buckingham, a couple of blocks south of Central Park, is superb. And in New York City, where you're rarely in your room anyway, your main requirement is a clean room and a comfortable bed. Our room, though worn around the edges, was basically clean. The bed, however, was saggy and uncomfortable. In our minds, this is inexcusable. For goodness sakes, take the revenue from just one weekend and install a proper mattress. Failure to provide this basic level of travel comfort does not reflect well on the skills of current management.	
Jan 27 2008	Pay for what you get	My wife booked two nights at the Buckingham hotel located in New York city. We used Hotwire for the first time and booked what was to be a three star room. That is another story. The major problem I had with the room was the fact that there is no in-room internet access. The front desk offered a modem box for 12.50/day for in room. I decided to take this option instead of having to go to the second floor business center to do my work. However, the first modem given did not work and I returned it immediately and was given a second modem. The second modem also did not work. This was also returned. Eventually, I resigned myself to going to the crowded second floor business center to get a wireless connection. And of course, my credit card was billed for the two day internet access of $25.00. I had to make several calls to have this charge removed. There is also no on-site parking. The closest parking garage is 1/2 mile away. Other than these two items, the room was clean, basic and not worth the money.	
Jan 26 2008 	Okay for the money but don't have high expectations.	We booked a room through Hotwire for $175 a night. They compared it to a Doubletree, which is a stretch, because with a hotel like Doubletree you can expect a standardized level of quality, which we did not see here. The lobby and hallways of the hotel are very cool- kind of art deco. The rooms, however, are shabby to say the least. They had a large throw rug over the most disgusting carpet I think I have ever seen in a hotel. Also, although we had a non-smoking room, the people next to us must have been chain smoking and it came right into our room. The room was freezing, too. The bed was not comfy either. We did have great water pressure in the shower, though!The best part about this hotel is its location. It's in a beautiful, safe neighborhood close to so much. For the price and location, I can put up with the funkiness of the rooms, but I'm not sure if others would be so forgiving.	
Jan 24 2008	Great location	This is the second time I have stayed at this property and I will stay here again. It was the perfect location for my conference at the Javitis and close to wonderful restaurants. I love being able to read the paper and make my own breakfast in the morning. There is something about having a living room and kitchen that makes you feel like you are going home at the end of the day.The rooms are very clean but a little TLC is needed. The staff is friendly and extremely helpful. You do get noise if you are on the lower floors facing the street (57th or 6th Ave).	
Jan 7 2008 	Needs new furniture and noise insulation.	This hotel is well below standard. The suite was spacious but the so called &quot;pullout&quot; bed wasn't fit for sleeping on [cheap and damaged] , and almost fell apart when opened. Nothing was done to rectify this despite our request. This is a shame as the location is excellent . The heating was very good but difficult to control with a hidden panel hard to find. The worst aspect [ apart from the sofa/bed] was the noise. The windows are old single glazed and ill fitting and have almost nil sound insulation quality. The sad thing is this hotel must cost a fortune to heat and is wasting energy. There is no excuse for poor furniture either..The residents lounge is well appointed and we used that for free wireless internet access which is very handy. There is also a small gym which we didn't use.	
Jan 7 2008 	Extremely Disappointed	We were very disappointed with our stay at the Buckingham. The room had a strong unpleasamt smell. was dirty and in poor condition. The heating worked intermittently but sometimes blew out cold air. The room looked nothing like the gleaming photos on the website. The bathroom had no ledge space, was moldy and the light had to be left on all night to deter the many cockroaches of varying size. Needless to say in view of the cockroaches we did not attempt to use the rather spartan kitchen. The one plus was the location but shop around. You must be able to find better than this.	
Jan 2 2008	The whole truth..........!!	We have just returned from a 6 night stay with our 25 year old daughter having booked a Deluxe One Bedroom Suite thro Quikbook.com. On arrival at the hotel we were extremely disappointed with the room we were allocated. Although spacious it was very old fashioned and tired looking and nothing like the bright images shown at the hotel's own website. After inspecting five other rooms which were equally as dull we chose a room on the 12th floor (12F) which was the best of the rooms we had inspected. It must be said that the rooms themselves have plenty of cupboard &amp; drawer space &amp; are well cleaned with towel changes on a daily basis. However there is nothing we would call boutique about this hotel. Although we always had plenty of hot water the bathrooms are tiny for a two roomed apartment decorated with old fashioned white tiles , white laminate fixtures and dirty grouting around the the bath. The ancient pipework meant that flushing toilets &amp; running baths &amp; showers could be easily heard from rooms on floors above and the air conditioning was old fashioned &amp; very noisy. The bed in the main bedroom was fairly comfortable although it sagged slightly in the middle and our daughter found the mattress on the pull out sofa in the living room to be well worn, thin &amp; quite uncomfortable.The hotel's position is perfect for all major sightseeing &amp; shopping and is only a block or so away from Central Park, however its location at the intersection of 6th Avenue/57th Street makes it one of the noisiest hotels we have ever used. We have stayed in many hotels around NYC and chose this one only because our daughter was with travelling us. Most of the other guests were travelling with families. For couples we would definitely recommend somewhere else !!	
Jan 1 2008	Had some issues	This hotel location is excellent and the rooms are very clean. Our suite was a one bedroom apartment with a full kitchen but a very small bathroom. The staff is friendly and helpful but the rooms do need to be revised. The linens and bedding was hard and outdated. The air conditioner did not work and the heater was on and could not be turned off or adjusted. Althought it was cold outside we felt we were in a sauna and had to open the windows for air. We were told by the staff that at a certain temperature outside the air would not turn on and the heater would go on automatically. This was not a good thing......we were sweating even with the windows open.......I would however stay there again if they can guarantee this be corrected because of price, size and location.	
Dec 31 2007 	Like Staying in a Friend's Apartment---Not Perfect but Very Good	We were a family group of 11 traveling to New York for four nights. There were two young children and two of our party had special dietary requirements, so we knew the suites with kitchenettes would suit our needs. I booked three rooms (for 5 / 3 / 3 ) that were all the same price ($379 plus tax per night). We were assigned 4G, 8K and 12K and gave out the keys at random.All three rooms were one-bedroom suites with kitchenettes; this is an apartment building that is being converted, apartment by apartment, into hotel rooms. All had been renovated to some degree, and two were typical one-bedroom city apartments with a smallish bath. One suite (4G) was much larger (about 800 sq.ft) and more luxurious (a relative term, certainly) with many windows on two sides, two large closets, larger bathroom, etc. Despite the differences in sizes, they were all the same cost (including tax, about $440 per night.) All the G rooms are the same size, FYI. The K rooms are smaller and laid out differently.The location was perfect for our itinerary. There was a nicely appointed, smallish lounge and business center on the second floor, and a wonderful laundry in the basement with six coin-op washers and dryers, $1.75 each. The dryers ran 60 minutes for that price. Also in the laundry room: two clean folding tables, drink and snack machines, and a small commercial icemaker. The housekeeping office was next door to the laundry.Although the hotel does not have a coffee shop or room service, the Green Cafe two doors up is everything one could want in a quick deli/diner. Two blocks over, the M&amp;W had a complete selection of hot and cold prepared foods and not a bad beer/wine assortment for a grocery store. A Cafe Europa on the corner was a good place for a glass of wine or late meal. One of our rooms had a slow drain problem that was fixed within a few hours of being reported. None of the sofa beds was comfortable, and there was a waiting list for rollaway beds. The housekeeping was good, and the front desk staff was friendly and attentive. The hotel was very accessible to the theater district, Rockefeller Center, and Central Park. We had no trouble getting taxis at the corner of 57th and Sixth Avenue.I would like to address the subject of noise, as it seems such an issue with people writing unflattering reviews of this hotel. New York City is loud. If you are on the fourth floor---or even the 12th---you are going to hear city noise at night. It really doesn't have that much to do with the windows, either. People who have never been to NYC or have only stayed in a high-rise hotel are going to be surprised at how loud a lower floor can be. That does not reflect poorly on the Buckingham! It's even more odd, considering there is an all-night pharmacy across the street that sells very cheap ear plugs if one really couldn't sleep.... all I can gather is that people would rather complain about something that can't be changed than take steps to mitigate its effects. I would unreservedly recommend this hotel for people traveling with children, and because of the large sizes, for those who would rather have more space than more amenities.	
Dec 4 2007	Buckingham Hotel	A spacious hotel in New York City! We had a great experience here ... great location and roomy suite. Our room had a living room and a kitchen - the space was unheard of in New York City. We got a bargain by booking on line but my understanding is they have new ownership and will be remodeling ... prices are sure to go up because this place was a steal in New York's world! We were able to walk to Central Park, the Russian Tea room and Columbia Circle. Nice access to subway too. This place touts its musical history but what makes it great is the location and the space! Hope you get to enjoy it!	
Nov 19 2007 	Very good experience	I can't believe anyone would call this the worst hotel they ever stayed in. I had read the reviews, and was worried, but booked anyway for the low price (In case no one has told you, $329 is almost a bargain in Manhattan). I stayed 5 nights in a deluxe 1 bedroom during the NYC marathon with my friends , and thought it was great. The location was superb, a block from the park and walking distance to most things a visitor wants to do. The lobby was small, but very nice, and there was a terrific guest lounge with a big screen TV and a free wireless connection. The people at the front desk were courteous and helpful. The room was like a bright 1 bedroom apartment with wood floors, and had nice furniture and linens (no, they weren't frette, but you aren't paying for that). The linoleum floors in the kitchen and bathroom were a little scuffed and past their prime, but they were white and spotlessly clean. There was a nicely supplied kitchen with a big refrigerator. My friend slept on the pull-out couch with no complaints. Our room did not face the street, so it was relatively quiet unless we opened the windows. All in all, I found the whole experience pleasant.The only complaint I had was that the pre-arrival concierge service was not there when we got there, and the &quot;wine&quot; they eventually brought was unacceptable. Never try to pass off bottled Sangia as &quot;red wine&quot; to a Californian.	
Nov 14 2007 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in	Recently stayed at The Buckingham with two colleagues. What can I say? The service was shocking, the room was the worst I have ever seen, the bathroom was disgusting and there was a strange smell. All for 420 dollars per night.Avoid it at all costs. If this is the only hotel available then delay your trip. How anyone can rate this higher than terrible is beyond me.I stay in a hotel at least 2 nights a week, in many different countries. This was worse than the night I spent in a rat infested hotel in Guyana.	
Nov 7 2007 	Good Value NY Hotel	Stayed in the Buckingham on a three night stop over on the way to warmer climes (Mexico!) 18th to 21st October. Booked direct with the hotel for a reasonable price. Booked and got an executive room on the 3rd floor facing 57th Street. Four of us stayed in the room which was more than suitable. Large livingroom/kitchen/dinner, smallish (but adequate bathroom) beautiful large double bedroom. Two large walk in wardrobes in the double bedroom (and free keypad safe) and a further large wardrobe adjacent the kitchen for those staying on the sofa bed. I have to agree with previous posts that the sofa bed was uncomfatable. We padded it with the actual sofa cusions and it was fine thereafter. I will also agree that there is some street noise which does continue all night. But this is New York the City that never sleeps. I stayed in another midtown hotel in January (Radiocity Suites) which had comparable noise levels. You should also be aware that there is major building work going on adjacent the hotel and we where unlucky enought to be there on a night where they where (nosily) erecting a huge crane. Overall nice enough stay (I would reccomend the radio city suites instead though - if you can get it! - until that building work is complete).	
Oct 22 2007 	Stay elsewhere if you want to sleep	It was our first trip to NYC and Mid town Manhattan was recommended as the place to stay.Booked this hotel for 7 nights as it was in a good location at a reasonable price. First impressions were good as the room we were given was large, bright and clean. Small things didn't work, like lamps and controlling the sound on the tv.The room, 9h, faced the street outside.We expected some street noise during the night, but didn't expect the noise to be so loud that you felt like you were sleeping on the sidewalk.We requested a different room and for the second night stayed at the back of the hotel (room 8d). The central air conditioning ouside the window was loud enough to ensure another sleepless night. The beds in both rooms had mattresses that were well past their sell by date. Between sagging in the middle and waking up with bite marks, by the following morning we'd had enough.We checked out and stayed the remainder of the week in the marriott marquis in times square which we couldn't recommend enough. Fantastic hotel in a great location.	
Oct 17 2007 	Give it a miss	Rooms large but very tired and shabby. Decided to make the best of it , that was until I stepped out of the shower to find I was sharing the bathroom with a couple of cockroaches! Hotel reception sent someone upto the room to catch them armed with ...... two paper towels and a bad attitude?I asked to change rooms and was told the hotel was fully booked. Seriously contemplated a night in central park on a bench but dozed with one eye open and checked out the following morning. Stayed my remaining two nights in the Sheraton Towers which was a palace compared. Still chasing a refund via the booking company.	
Oct 10 2007 	Okay but not worth the Bucks	It was a pretty dark and dingy room. I understand some NYC hotels are older and I am taking this fact into consideration. What I didn't like was the fact that the sound on some of the TV stations didn't work and when we told the front desk, nothing was done about it...and we were there for five nights. We didn't make a big deal about it because we weren't in the room all that much. I also didn't like that the maid didn't change the sheets ONCE while we were there...how do I know this? Because there was a tiny hole in the sheet, and unless EVERY set of sheets had a hole in the exact same spot, she didn't bother to change them once. The bathroom sink drained very, very slowly. Again, I understand the pipes were old. The front desk people were okay except for one gentleman. He actually was quite rude to us on two separate occasions. Would I stay there again? I might as long as I got a newly renovated room next time.	
Oct 8 2007 	Give this place a miss	We booked the Buckingham because of three things - the space you get with suites, its location and reviews here some months back. It cost us $386 per night, which may not be overly expensive for the location but did not feel like good value.The good points are, indeed, the location being only 5 minutes walk south of Central Park and the amount of space you get. It has good kitchen space with cutlery, crockery, cooker and fridge/freezer. Staff were efficient and helpfulHowever, the furnishings and decorations are shabby and in real need of updating. Our suite (6C), overlooked the central shaft, so there was no view but, in theory, this meant we wouldnt be disturbed by the noise from traffic. We weren't - but the noise of the air conditioning more than made up for it. It was necesssary to turn off the units at night otherwise sleep was impossible which, of course, meant the room became hot. And, even then, the noise in the ventilation shaft from &quot;central&quot; air con. was very loud.I would not return until I knew major refurbishment had taken place.	
Sep 7 2007	Great Stay	We booked the 1 bedroom suite through Orbitz (for 4 days) and got a deal of 218$ per night in summer..we thought that wasn't too bad for NY City in summer. When I called to request a room on upper floors, I was met with not -so -polite customer service person (she mentioned that i am getting areal good deal so getting good views or anything might be hard).Pros:1.When we checked in (3 kids and tons of luggage), the bellboy/doorman was very friendly.2. The suite was huge (by NY standards!). There were tons of closet space.3. The living room had very nice dining table with 6 chairs, Tv etc. The bed room had a queen bed and Tv and more closet space (walk-in).4. The kitchen was small but functional (microwave,stove,oven,sink,basic utensils and fridge).5.Really great location-close to Central park and good shops and restaurants.6. Toilet got stuck-the repair people came in less than 10 minutes and fixed it with a happy smile...7. The room (11D) was quiet we could barely hear ambulances etc. but no view at all but again when we are out the whole day and with that price I can't really complain.Cons:1. The security chain was broken in our suite--we told them the first day and that wasn't fixed during our visit.2. The coffee table drawer broke as soon as we pulled it open--they didn't say anything/do anything about it (didn't even remove it).3. The carpets were a bit old/dated.4. The front desk was not always friendly.5. We asked for extra blankets/sheets--they finally gave us extra sheets after 2 days.We will go back again especially if we get a good price.	
Sep 3 2007	Get Some Sleep Just Not At The Suckingham Hotel	Stayed here only one night and that was enough. Save your money and get some sleep. The Suckingham, as I now call it, is a converted apartment building. I've stayed in these kinds of places before, but this one was the worst. While the rooms are actually small apartments, I found mine to be completely horrendous -- moldy smelling, with complete with crappy, tacky furniture. The mattress was easily 10 years old and the frame was barely screwed into the headboard, so everytime I moved I squeaked like hell. These are fine features if you're trying not to get a good night's sleep. I was honestly afraid to put my feet directly on the 3&quot; thick shag carpeting after flashing on what might be found in this room with a black light. Add to this that I cut my toe -- yes, cut my toe -- on the parquet flooring, where nails were sticking up about 1/4 inch near the heating unit. Basically I was hoping to get the mold smell out by circulating some air in there. Silly me. As for the bathroom: I wouldn't take a shower in that room if you paid me. They also don't have a restaurant, or a bar, which is okay. If you're in Manhattan, you should go out. It does kind of suck that they don't even offer coffee in the lobby in the morning though. Speaking of the lobby, the thing is a giant echo chamber. A family with a little boy was there when I was checking in, and I couldn't hear the desk clerk over their conversation. And when the kid started crying (which I don't blame him for, having stayed at The Suckingham now myself), forget it. We would have had a better time hearing each other if we walked out onto 6th Avenue. And of course they screwed up my bill, and our travel department had to resend everything again -- twice. Are you surprised? I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and hope that things are different if you have a family who is on a budget, but I am loathe to say my company paid $300 for this dump. Sadly, for that money, I could have done much better. The only reason I booked into this place is because one of my colleagues was there and we needed to meet. I now seriously regret it. And he's on my s-list.	
Aug 27 2007	Non-smokers should avoid! Horribly managed.	Smoking rooms are on the same floor as non-smoking rooms. Given that the heating/air cond is quite old (and loud), smoke filters quickly from one room to the next. Staff not sympathetic to this and other issues. I had a health related emergency, and the front desk wanted me to call 911 directly. The next day when I was released from the hospital, the air conditioner broke. I asked the manager if he could tell me when it could be fixed, he had me waiting in the lobby for an hour. It wasn’t until I went up to him a 3rd time that he told me that the electrician had already been up to fix it. This was one of my worst experiences staying in NYC.	
Aug 21 2007 	Fantastic place to stay	We stayed at the Buckingham 15-17 August based on the reviews for a family hotel here on TripAdvisor.It certainly didn't disappoint - we had a one bedroom suite which was more like a large apartment - huge lounge with a pull out bed - well resourced kitchen - large master bedroom and good sized bathroom (I agree with the previous posting about the shower - it was brilliant). Staff were lovely. If I was looking to complain - the main bed or pullout bed were not particulary comfortable, and the air conditioning unit in the bedroom was noisy - but both of these I'm sure would have been sorted out if we were staying out for longer - I didn't even bother notifying the hotel of this.Not having a resaurant in the hotel was not a problem as there is the Green Cafe about 1 minute away which has an extensive eat-in or take-away menu. Duane Reade is opposite for milk, water and basic supplies for the kitchen.The hotel itself is in a brilliant location - we were near central park and shopping .I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel for a family and we will definately be staying here again next time we cross the pond.	
Aug 21 2007 	Obne of the worst experiences ever	The family of four turned up and were greeted well enough. In particular the guy handling the bags was really good and helpful. The room was not ready so we waited in a nearby deli for a while. The general decor was 'tired' throughout. the non stop muzac/jazz irritated almost as much as the intrusive honking of horns from the nearby intersection, heard reasonably clearly despite being on an upper floor thanks to the ill fitting windows.We had booked a 'suite' which included a kitchen - reasonably equipped, one double bed and one sofa bed. the living room and bedroom were OK and sized well for four. The en-suite toilet/bath/shower was cramped and definately in need of modernising. The joke of the whole stay was the sofa bed. When extended the foot of the bed sloped off to such an extent you have needed surgery to make contact with it whilst lying on the main part . The main section combined the thinest, most uncomfortable 'matress' i have ever felt along with undulations and contours that ensured anyone using it was forced to the centre of the bed. the combination of faults rendered sleep all but impossible, and made the hard floor seem most attractive.Exiting the hotel the next morning we suggested that the sofa bed was entirely inadequate and could something be done about it. Re-assured we went for a day out in New York. On returning at about 10 p.m we discovered that nothing had changed. A visit to the front desk revealed two desk clerks, neither of who could do anything as they were 'only front desk people' , the hotel was full and maintenance had gone home. When I suggested they raise the issue with someone who could do something I was informed the manager would be asleep - not really the right thing to say to someone about to endure a second sleep free night. The headclerk did agree that the sofa beds were entirely rubbish though, which was reassuring that it was not just me being picky. After informing them that I intended sleeping in the lobby as it would be more comfortable, providing I was unable to find an alternate hotel I went back to my room and started leafing through the yellow pages. About two minutes later a knock at the door and a (single) roller bed was pushed into the room. One of us still had to sleep on the (folded up) sofa and the situation was not improved through the remaining 3 days of our stay. I may have been rendered suddenly deaf but I did not hear any expression of regret or apology from any of the staff.On leaving the chap handling our bags was as good and helpful as on the way in.On the penultimate night I ran into a fellow guest in the lift who casually asked if I would stay again. My response was 'No', hers was the same as she too had a 4 person booking in one room - same sofa bed probllem, added to by black mould and even poorer bathroom facilities. After this review anyone who tries to stay 4 in a room at this place has only themselves to blame. I have rated this as terrible as the primary responsibility of a hotel is to provide adequate sleeping accomodation, in this respect they failed.	
Aug 20 2007 	Quiet and easy	For an easy place to stay in NY this hotel is just the job.Just a short walk from Central Park and a 15 minute stroll to Times Square this hotel is very quiet and unassuming. We were in a suite with our daughter, it was well equiped with a spacious living area, with a settee that puleed into a double bed, a separate bedroom and small kitchen. There are a few supermarkets and deli's locally to get food for breakfast. If you want a good place to eat in the evening go to the lounge in the Mariott Marquese in Times Square. This is a revolving restaurant on the 48th floor, eat as much as you like for about £12 each, and get a view of down town Manhattan at the same time.	
Aug 17 2007 	Sleepless in New York City	I called ahead to request a room on a high floor instead we were put on the 6th floor on the corner of 57th St &amp; 6th Ave. All night long, every 10 minutes someone honked or a siren went by. This hotel is on a very busy corner of Manhattan and if you are not put on a top floor you can forget about a good night's sleep. While the rooms are relatively spacious, the sofa bed is so uncomfortable that you might as well sleep on the floor. The rooms are clean but they are tired very and in desperate need of some TLC. The furniture was frayed! We ended up leaving a night early bc/we couldn't take the noise anymore or the rudeness of the staff.	
Aug 9 2007 	Buckingham "Palace"	We have just returned from our first visit to New York City, staying at the Buckingham Hotel. The hotel was better than I had expected especially for the money. The air conditioner in the room was awesome, especially welcoming after being out in the heat and humidity during the day. THe location at 57th and 7th street is perfect to get anywhere. The subway is on both 6th and 7th streets. It is a short walk to Central Park, FAO Schwartz, 5th Avenue Shopping, Rockefeller Center and Times Square just to name a few. The &quot;studio&quot; room was very spacious for New York standard hotels. The &quot;mini kitchen&quot; was great too! Refrig, microwave, coffee maker, sink. Hotel was very clean and staff helpful when needed. The deli a few doors down has great food, sandwiches, breakfast items, drinks, etc. I would definitely stay at the Buckingham again and again. Great value and great location!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 9 2007 	Huge rooms!	I stayed at the Buckingham on business and it was a wonderful experience. It you're in NY for a few days, I highly recommend staying here. My room was huge. I had a full kitchen, dining area, living room, large bedroom and bathroom. The location is great...very close to Central Park. My only complaint is that it didn't have an onsite restaurant, but with all of the perks of this hotel I can easily overlook that!	
Aug 3 2007 	Buckingham was great!	Just returned from 4 nights in NYC at the Buckinham. We were 3 women who were &quot;reuniting&quot; and a 19 year old guy (my son). It was everything I had hoped for from the hotel website and the positive reviews on this site. Our suite was like a small apartment--very large, and comfortable. Lots of nice little touches, too, like the CD player, the mirrored closets in the hall, etc. We found the front desk people to be very helpful--Location was perfect--a 10 minute walk to the theater; one block to Central Park--a drug store, Starbucks, deli's on the street, and a little food store around the corner, where we picked up breakfast stuff, drinks, etc.One of our party is pretty phobic and picky--she told me afterward that she had fully thought she would be finding her own place after the first night (no way 4 of us could stay in one place) but she was pleased! Tip: the health club on second floor has a shower, so guests could pop down for a shower there if the one bathroom was a problem. Also, the basement has a laundry room (6 washers/dryers) which is not in the information in the room, for some reason. Also a snack and soda machine, and ice machine, which is not listed either.Would recommend it to everyone and definitely plan to revisit the Buckinham myself!	
Jul 24 2007 	Great location and spacious	We found the Buckingham Hotel to provide a very pleasant base from which to explore NYC. They have attempted to accentuate their ties to early twentieth-century musicians, in part through the adornment of the lobby, which while interesting, was frankly the low point of the hotel due to the small size and the sometimes enthusiastic, sometimes lethargic front desk staff. On-time check in and late check out seemed to hit or miss for several guests, including ourselves. The other amenties, though, make this a great choice, especially for families with older children. The suites are quite large with a full bedroom and a living room complete with sleeper sofa, desk and a full dining table. The kitchenettes are small, but very functional and are equipped with all necessary appliances, i.e, microwave, coffee maker, toaster, etc. The bathroom is very tiny, but everything worked well, including the fabulous water pressure and endless hot water heater that was a real departure from our &quot;green&quot; fixtures at home.Yes, the hotel is older; however, great care appears to have been taken in upkeep. In our suite, the parquet floors were brightly waxed and in good repair and walls and crown moulding were freshly painted. All linens were clean and properly presented. Maid service was unobtrusive and of excellent quality. Beyond regularservice, they cleaned all dishes and left plenty of toiletries and a newspaper each day.The location is fabulous. The hotel is literally a block from the south entrances to Central Park. Try meandering through the park to get to the Metroplitan Museum. It makes for a great walk. The hotel is also within easy walking distance to Lincoln Center, FAO Schwartz,other shopping and the Theatre District. There are also two subway stops within a block of the hotel that will carry you the few blocks to the Theatre District or down to Battery Park for the Statue of Liberty Ferry or even for a non-stop ride to Coney Island. (I would recommend Coney Island before it becomes a thing of the past. The neighborhood is a bit edgier than that around the hotel, but it's like stepping back in time, and our teenager loved it.)For those with kids: There is a dreadfully cheesy place called the Jekyll and Hyde Club adjacent to the hotel on 6th Ave. While VERY campy and touristy, it could make a good departure for a kid who has been subjected to an overdose of museums, opera and fine arts. Animatronic ghouls, werewolves and ancient dieties that interact with patrons are the main attraction, and the food is decent.	
Jul 20 2007 	Weekend Birthday Celebration	Location, Location, Location. Central Park is write around the corner.,take a 20 minute carriage ride for $40. You can walk to the theater district or pay $5 for a 8 minute cab ride. The hotel is down the street from the (R, N &amp; Q) line which we took straight to Battery Park to catch the ferry to see the Statue of Liberty. If you choose to drive in to N.Y., you will have to self park at a garage which will run you about $35/day for a car and $50/day for a SVU. The hotel room of course didn't match the ones pictured on the hotel website but the room was surprisingly spacious and very clean with little necessities like a working kitchen, CD/Radio, DVD/VCR player and two T.Vs. The staff was very nice. I must warn you not to sleep on the sofa bed. I believe it contains more springs than mattress. All in all I would stay at this hotel again, mainly for its location and its price.	
Jul 12 2007 	A great hotel - very convenient!	Heard about a special sale in June on TravelZoo for $219 a night for a Deluxe 1 BR. Booked directly through Hotel's site. The rooms, beds, and sofa-beds are a little tired and out-of-date but clean. Service provided daily. The location is what can't be beat if you have kids. We stayed in 16F. Weekend rate is slightly higher - $239-$259. Internet is pretty high - $12.00 a day for a device. However, business lounge on 2nd floor provides free wireless (albeit slow)You are almost across the street from Carnegie HallGrocery store - is just 1 block west past 7th. A Whole Foods is in the basement of TimeWarner building in Columbia Circle. Great place to stock up and get your pre-cooked meals. Great mac-n-cheese for kids. Duane Reed - there is one across the street, 2 on 7thStarbucks - across the streetDry Cleaning/Laundry Service (charged by the pound) - there are 2 behind the hotel on 58th. Much cheaper than hotel's service.Deli - The Green Cafe - get your cheese slice and soda for under $5.00Subway - there is a stop on 6th and 57th that takes you mid-town.2 blocks takes you to Columbia Circle to catch the 1,2,3 to downtown. Moms/Dads - Central Park - Hecksher playground is just 3 blocks away (walking distance). An absolutely wonderful play area for toddlers and kids. [--]	
Jun 26 2007 	Location Clean Friendly Spacious	I took my wife to the Buckingham as part of a surprise anniversary weekend in NYC. The location is perfect as we could walk up through Central Park and later down to the Theater District. The suite was spacious, with a full fridge and kitchen, though we spent so little time in the room! Best shower I've had in a year - water pressure like I was standing under a waterfall. The staff is friendly, the place is clean and well decorated, and it is within sight of a subway stop. I booked it as a package with my flight, and the hotel was about $220 for one night. I will stay at the Buckingham for any future trip to NYC.	
Jun 9 2007	Great experience great value	It's rare to find a good hotel deal in NYC, but the Buckingham is just that. It was very comfortable and hospitable just stylish enough to be fun without being &quot;over the top.&quot;	
Jun 5 2007 	NYC weekend	This was really one of nicest hotels that I have stayed at--quaint on appearance but enormous on personality... from staff to amenitiesplenty of BIG towels and HOT water in the Bathroom. atmosphere was great-- Staff was wonderful-- and very helpful.2 blocks from Central Park--We would come back here FANTASTIC WE LOVED IT.	
May 4 2007 	the Gem in the City is Just as good	Well I did say I would be back at the Buckingham Hotel. I had stayed here before and had a great time, and now was able to get a great deal on Orbitz for a one bedroom suite. The room was just as spacious as I remembered and this time I had company, my wife and son joined me.The staff was great and helpful, they joked around with my son and made him feel special everytime we came through the lobby, he loved playing with the lights in the floor. Candise and Gerald at the desk were great help, and King the bellman helped us get a taxi out for dinner.The Room was very clean and had enough space the family did not feel crampped at all. I did have to call down on the first night for extra bedding for the sofa sleeper, but the staff was quick in bringing it up to us.I know i said it before, but I will say it again, I will be back.Thank you Buckingham Hotel for a great time.	
Apr 24 2007 	Great location great value	My wife and I stayed at the Buckingham Hotel for 5 nights in mid-April 2007. We booked via the hotels website, and got a rate of $219 (plus taxes) for the standard room. it was well-equipped (video player, CD, kitchnettett, safe). We stayed on the 15th floor, and our room facing 57th Street was a bit noisy, with the 4 AM garbage truck, 24/7 police sirens and what have you, so if you are sensitive, you might want to chose a room facing the back. Otherwise the hotel was flawless: the desk downstairs, amenities, cleaning, the bed, everything just perfect (and we are pretty fuzzy). Free wireless in the comfortable business center (but a charge of $12 if you want it in your room). Faboulus value for the location and standard. Highly recommended. And a nice breakfast deli just next doors.	
Apr 23 2007 	An excellent value	When our family of four, including two young children, decided to spend a week in New York, we landed at the Buckingham Hotel for five days in April 2007. We booked the reservation through the hotel's website, convinced that we had found a great deal: a spacious suite in a convenient location for less than we'd historically paid in better-known places that, when occupied with people and suitcases, seemed to offer only cramped rooms-turned-obstacle-courses. We were not disappointed. I admit, however, I was initially taken aback when, a few days before arriving, I confirmed our reservation over the phone. The person I spoke with was quite rude, insisting that my confirmation number-- the only one I'd been given, and I had the email to prove it-- was incorrect. I'm pleased to report, though, that during our actual stay every employee we encountered was pleasant and helpful. On first impression, our suite looked a bit dated and dingy. But with each passing day, it felt more comfortable. This was due in no small part to an excellent housekeeping staff. Each morning, they cleaned and vacuumed thoroughly, and left ample supplies, including linens, shampoo/conditioner, soap, and dishwashing liquid and paper towels for the kitchenette. The hotel seemed to be occupied by a healthy mix of business travelers, families, and people we assumed to be professional musicians. We were pleasantly surprised by the unexpected amenities-- including free wireless Internet access in the lobby and in the nicely appointed second floor lounge, and a more-than-adequate fitness center and sauna. And of course the excellent location, close to Central Park, Times Square/theatres, and Fifth Avenue shopping-- didn't disappoint. Drawbacks: the pull-out sofa mattress was uncomfortable at best, our kitchen cabinets contained only a few plates/bowls, cups, etc., and the parquet floors were joltingly slippery. But the positives-- the generous space, the numerous closets, the divided rooms, the kitchen appliances, the world-class &quot;elevator music&quot; and the in-room CD player (and 2 TVs)-- far outweighed the negatives. I wholeheartedly recommend the Buckingham, especially for value-minded families who can appreciate the extra elbow room. We will definitely return.	
Apr 2 2007 	Great for the buck	I stayed at this hotel with my 2 daughters during spring break from 3/28-3/30 of 2007. I was pleasantly suprised with this room, i have seen and stayed in other hotels in new york and for this price (i paid $200 per night through a promotion from travel zoo ) this hotel was a good deal. I agree with some of the other reviews that it is dated but the hotel is close to subways and central park and a nice little walk to the theatre district. the only thing they should deep clean the area rugs in the rooms, they were a little dingy looking but beside that , the rooms were very clean. Overall a great hotel i would highly recommend it. in fact we decided whenever we come to new york, we will definately be staying at the Buckingham.	
Mar 25 2007 	Loved the Buckingham!	We stayed @ The Buckingham for 2 nights before our 11 day cruise out of NY. Our 9 year old daughter came down with the flu the day after we arrived and check out for us was @ noon the following day but we were not to report to the pier until 4:30 for departure aboard the NCL. The Buckingham gave us a 3:00 check out so that our daughter could lie down until we had to be on the ship with NO Extra Charge! A+A+A+ superb location and an abundance of room for our family of 4.	
Feb 23 2007 	Ideal for a weeklong stay	My husband and I reserved a one bedroom deluxe suite. I had requested a high up floor with optimal views. As an artist, I sketch what I see from hotel windows. The first room we were sent to was 7E; we were told it was the highest room available. It looked out on 6th Ave. and a wall of the adjoining building :(. 7E was dingy, cold, and not anywhere as nice as the hotel's website pictures. WIthout delay--I knew I would not be happy in 7E for 8 nights, I called the front desk to see if there were any alternatives. A man, rather than the woman who had initially checked us in, answered. Hearing my request for a nicer room, without pause, he told me 16G was available. 16G was spectacular! It was right on the corner of 6th and W57th with fabulous cityscape, long views out all our many windows :). It was much larger than 7E (which we would have been charged the same price), looked as nice as the website photos, and served our needs perfectly. Since we eat only one meal out (usually midday) when staying for a week, we stocked up the ample, apartment size kitchen with breakfast foods and evening snacks. We even used the oven to heat up our Andre's Bakery cabbage strudel. No problem with the heat and it was one of Janauary's colder weeks. The livingroom/diningroom was great to come back to unwind and make plans for the next day's excursion. The bed was comfortable. The bathroom was more than adequate (great water pressure and always with hot). Great closet space. The housekeeping was superlitive. Too bad there isn't wireless ethernet in the rooms. I chose not to pay for the extra hookup in the room, but went down to the lounge on the second floor where there is free wireless ethernet connection. The location can't be beat: walking, taking the subway or immediatley catching a cab. The Buckingham has set a high standard for what I will now want for a NYC stay. At $239/night for 16G, I found it to be excellent value.	
Feb 14 2007	Best Valentines Gift Ever	This past Sunday I stayed at the Buckingham Hotel as part of a Valentines Day Gift for my girlfriend. This hotel is great, the staff is helpful, the location is great, we walked to Moma and some shopping on 5th Ave. We could have walked 2 blocks to central park but it was freezing out. We stayed in their Martinelli Penthouse, which in my opinion is one of the best in NYC. I have also seen their regular suites, which are more like having a cool NYC apartment for a week. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 15 2006 	Location location locaiton	This hotel was great based on the location. You can't beat being 2 blocks from Central Park, and walking distance to the subway, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Carnegie Hall, etc. The staff at the hotel were pleasant, however our room was on the 4th floor and very noisy being right above a bus stop. One night the sheet on the bed had a rip in it, but other than that, the room was very clean. I agree with previous customers in that the bathroom is dated, however, the shower pressure was great, so no complaints there! The area the hotel is in is great, so if you're looking for a place to crash after a long day of sightseeing, this is it.	
Dec 13 2006 	Not bad if you don't expect a lot	I stayed here for one night in December. Bottom line: the accomodations here are dated, but clean and comfortable. The hotel has nexxt to no amenities, but the location is excellent.The rooms are decorated in various shades of brown, if you like that kind of thing. Old bathroom fittings (shower controls could probably fetch a good sum in antique market!) but everything was clean. TV but no cable, CD player and VCR. Internet sevice comes from a device you rent from them that sends data through the electrical outlet - worked perfectly well.No restaurant, no room service, but there are great restaaurants on 7th Avenue and beyond. The hotel has a tradition of hosting musicians, with Carnegie Hotel being almost opposite, but they piped opera music into the hallways all night! I never much liked opera, now I really can't stand it!	
Nov 1 2006 	Well Located Hotel in Theater District	New York is a very hard town in which to find a decent, clean, reasonably priced hotel. The Buckingham Hotel definitely fits these criteria, but it's hard to recommend wholeheartedly because with a little more care and attention it could really be so much more.Maybe it was the lobby that created this impression. It's very hip, with lighting in the floor, designer furniture and a warm, deep red on the walls. Then you get to the rooms (or &quot;suites&quot; as they're called) and the feeling of cutting edge design totally dissipates. Man, do these rooms need a coat of paint! And some more significant floor coverings. The stark white walls and wood parquet add to a depressing dingy feeling. And it would be so easy, and not really all that expensive, to remedy this.That said, the hotel is fine for what you need: great location near all the theaters and restaurants in mid town; clean; kitchenette and bathroom ensuite; very comfortable bed; working TV and CD player. I just wouldn't pay anymore than $200 for it.	
Sep 24 2006 	Great for Families	We stayed at the Buckingham over Labor Day weekend 2006. There were 4 in our party: my husband, me, and our kids ages 7 and 10. The rooms are actually good-sized apartments. Ours was one of the larger ones on a corner. It has a huge room with a king sized bed and a living room with a queen pull out bed. The kids loved having their own space. There was a ton of closet space. The bathroom was a bit small and dated, but that was not a problem -- everything worked fine. The full kitchen had all the equipment needed for cooking meals. It is at a subway stop and just down the block from Carnegie Hall -- very convenient to Times Square, museums, shopping, Central Park, etc. If you want more space than a normal New York hotel room for roughly the same price, give this place a try.	
Jul 21 2006 	Excellent location and price!	We stayed at the Buckingham May 19-22, 2006. We came across the hotel when looking for suites on the net. The location is great (midtown-west), half block from Central Park. The hotel room had a seperate bedroom and a pull out couch. The room was very clean, nicely furnished and included cable, CD player, AC and kitchen. Only a $10 cab ride lower Manhattan and a subway station around the corner. There are also some great restaurants within steps as well as a convenience/drug store across the street.The staff was friendly and approachable.All in all - amazing price for a suite given the location and city. I would highly recommend.	
Jun 27 2006	Great Experience	We stayed in a 1-bedroom deluxe suite June 12 - 17th and had a terrific experience. The room was huge for NYC, and we have stayed in quite a few midtown hotels over the years. Very clean, no complaints whatsoever. The location is excellent, not right on a subway line but we generally walked everywhere anyways if not we could always get a cab right in front of the hotel. We would stay again without question.	
Jun 23 2006	We had a great time at Buckingham!	My boyfriend and I stayed at Buckingham from April 3-7 (4nts), and stayed in the Executive King Suite (w/850 sqft...which is superb for a New York hotel, or any other city for that matter). We got a seasonal rate for $279/nt and it was well worth it. We got a suite on the 8th floor which faced the Duane Reade on 57th St, and it was bright and spacious throughout. We had a nice little kitchenette w/silverware; a dining area w/table and chairs, and a large living room with an entertainment center including cd &amp; dvd player next to a writing desk. The private bedroom couldn't have been better -- it had two closets, one of which housed the in-room safe, a large king-sized bed with extra sheet inside one of the closets. I was skeptical at first because of the other reviews I'd read before check in at the hotel and even brought my own sheets, but after arriving at the hotel all my fears were put to rest, the hotel was wonderful.Few cons: If you're not used to street noise, come prepared -- it's New York City -- you're going to hear honking of car horns, emergency vehicle sirens, you name it... I used to live in NY and already knew what I was in store for. The bathroom was small but had enough space to manuever. We really only had trouble with one thing -- the heat. We visited on an unusually cold week in April (it snowed on the Wednesday), and the heater blew out cold air a few times.The hotel staff was courteous and professional; knowledgeable of the area.The location was great -- it's across the street from Carnegie Hall, about two blocks from Central Park, and within walking distance of Radio City Music Hall, Times Square and all the sparkly bright lights of the area. Not to mention the easy access to the subway.All in all, we couldn't have asked for a better hotel, and would gladly stay there again.	
Jun 12 2006 	A terrific bargain - almost like home	I stay regularly at the Buckingham in NYC, and find it delightful. Because it was built as a residence hotel, the rooms are fairly large and closets are huge. Only downside is small bathrooms. Staff extremely friendly, so you feel like you're coming home when you return at the end of the day. Occasional problems (noisy airconditioner, leaky faucet) are fixed quickly on notifying the desk. I think this hotel is one of New York City's great secrets.	
May 9 2006	Primo Location and Lots of Space!!!	A girlfriend and I stayed at the Buckingham Hotel from April 27-May 1, 2006. I decided to be guarded yet optimistic based on the reviews I had read about this hotel. I have to say that I was very pleasantly surprised with the hotel and staff.The front desk staff was nothing but helpful from the moment we arrived until check-out. I had anticipated needing to schlep my own bags to the room and do without any concierge services. I was wrong. The staff was more than willing to answer all our questions about transportation and directions regarding the subway system. They even arranged for a private car to take us to the airport.Now I do agree with other reviewers in that our room, a one bedroom deluxe suite, did not resemble the room shown on the website. However, the room was clean, comfortable and very large for a room of comparable price in NYC. The kitchen was fully equipped with a stove, microwave, refrigerator and utensils. The coffee maker left a lot to be desired though. It’s a little four cup model and was woefully slow and made very weak coffee. The coffee is free of charge and restocked every day so what can you say. Thankfully, there’s a Starbucks on every block surrounding the hotel. There were major street repairs going on throughout the city and unfortunately, right out in front of the hotel. Seeing as the repairs are made at night, it was very difficult to get a good night’s sleep during our stay. Even when the construction noise ceased, the street traffic was hard to get used to. Who needs sleep while on vacation right?!The primary reason that I will return to this hotel in the future is the location. It’s perfectly situated to many of the attractions in midtown Manhattan. We were able to walk to Rockefeller Plaza, Central Park, Times Square, and the many luxury shops on W. 57th. A wide variety of subway lines are available just across the street from the hotel as well. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Buckingham and would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 22 2006	Mixed Bag	Decided to give this hotel a try based on Trip Advisor reviews. It was a mixed bag, some good, some bad.First for the good:We got our room for $209 in mid-town, and that is just shocking. And our room was very large. We had a studio suite that was very big, at least 400 square feet. Small, fully appointed kitchen with microwave, several electric burners, toaster, coffee maker and refrigerator. The staff was overall very friendly and housekeeping did a great job. The location can’t be beat. The overall layout of the room was ok, nice sitting area with couch and television, vcr, and cd sound system.The bad:No alarm clock, no bedside clock, only clock in on the dimly lit cd player. Only mirror in the entire room is in the bathroom above the sink. I don’t need to stare at myself all day but I wan’t to make sure I look somewhat presentable. The bed was uncomfortable. Sheets were scratchy, and eeks, there was a bedspread that looked like it hadn’t been washed in months, along with one of those brown crusty looking blankets. Only were given two pillows. I think bedspreads should be outlawed, yuck, they are just germ breeding grounds.The television which is in the sitting area doesn’t swivel so that you can’t watch in bed, you must be sitting directly in front of it on the couch.I had e-mailed and called for the pre-concierge service asking just for some water, and sodas to be in the refrigerator when we arrived. When we checked in I asked for a room in the back of the hotel, and the clerk said no problem, and we had also booked a non-smoking room. Up to the room we go, that is facing the street and reeks of smoke and there is nothing in the refrigerator. I call the front desk and he says I’m sorry about that, let me see what else we have and I will call you back, and I said, no thanks, don’t want to stink like smoke we are on our way down.Mistakes happen we realize that. Fifteen minutes later we are given a room on the fifth floor in the back of the building next to the elevator! Luckily it was pretty quiet and I had my sleeping pills, but the dinging still woke me up. We had just flown in from LA and I didn’t want to go through the whole process again. And I was told they were sold out for the weekend.Called the front desk about my pre-arrival concierge requests, they had no record but told me Duane Read was across the street. That was fine, just don’t advertise something you obviously don’t do.Supposed to get a NY Times every morning front desk told me so, each morning, no New York Times, had to call and ask. They only carry the NY Times, but there is a newsstand across the street.Elevators require key card access after 6pm which is great, but there are NO peepholes on the doors, so much for security.I called the front desk to ask for directions somewhere and they couldn’t hear me, so when we were going out for the day I asked them to give us a new phone. Next morning called to request my NY Times that was supposed to be there and they said fine, knock on the door 5 minutes later and the bellman said they couldn’t hear me and wanted to know what I wanted. Phone fixed two days later, after three more requests.The hallways reek of smoke, I’m not sensitive to that type of thing but my husband and I are both plugged up.So to sum up our stay, great location, ok room for a great price. We were booked to stay here in June and I’m going to cancel and we are going to stay at the Le Parker Meridien across the street where there are comfortable beds with NO bedspreads and a more attentive staff.I would recommend this hotel to someone that is very budget conscious and might be staying in the city for more than 5 days or if you have kids and willing to realize you are going to get exactly what you are paying for, which isn’t a lot. Don’t pay anything over $250 for any room.	
Apr 3 2006	Buckingham was a great choice	Spent three weeks in NYC at end of March on business. The Buckingham was perfect -- not fancy, no doorman, no valet to whisk my rental car off to the garage two blocks away, but still lovely. I'd booked a studio suite, was upgraded to a one-room, and felt guilty with all the space I had (my colleagues were staying at what I'd assumed was the more upscale hotel of the two, the Shoreham -- they said don't bother staying there, the rooms were miniscule). The bed was fine, room was warm, bathroom &amp; kitchen were perfectly adequate. My only wish is that there'd been wireless available in the rooms (it's free for guests on the 2nd floor lounge). I also loved the location, enjoyed breakfasts at Mangia down 57th toward 5th. Plenty of food stores nearby to pick up provisions, if you prefer. Bring your CDs, there's a player there at your disposal!	
Apr 1 2006	Why does anyone like this hotel?	My family and I stayed at the Buckingham Hotel and thought it was a dark and dirty dump. I am suprised that this place got any good reviews. We stayed in a deluxe suite that was, yes large, but dirty and extremely noisy. The rooms were hot and you could't control the temperature to make it cooler. The bathroom was tiny and you had to reach over the sink to turn the shower faucets on. The shower had the hot and cold faucets incorrectly labeled and my son was nearly scalded. The refrigerator door banged against the corner of the stove everytime you opened it. We had booked this room at least a month in advance and I called to confirm the day before we came. There was no mention of the deafening drilling noise that permeated the elevaters, gym and business center and only faded to a low din in the the back bedroom of the suite. No apologies for the construction by the way. Staff were very defensive and actaully told us it was no worse that usual NYC noise. The drilling started at 7am and lasted to almost 5 pm on most days though we were told it would end at 2:30 pm. On the last day were were routed through another doorway because they were &quot;rejuvinating&quot; the marble floors in the lobby. The entrance was blocked off with tape that said &quot;Danger, Do not enter' and beleive me, we won't enter ever again.	
Mar 31 2006	LOVED the Buckingham Hotel 57th Street NYC NY	This hotel was GREAT! We loved it!! It was a perfect location, great room, great dressing room, large bathroom, large living room, bar, &quot;kitchen table&quot;, dishes, refrigerator, microwave, wet-bar, coffee machine, etc. It was perfect for us! Well appointed room and how can you beat the location?? 2 blocks to Central Park, for running, walking, playing, within 1 block of several different subway lines, a good walk from the MET or MOMA or the Frick (hightly recommended). A drug store across the street for misc. stuff, a cute, great little cafe next door (Green Cafe - or something like that) for breakfast or late night snacks and amazing other restuarants within a stones-throw - ie. Normas at Parker Le Meridian. We will stay at the Buckingham again and next time our son will be with us!	
Mar 6 2006	New favorite hotel in NYC!!!	I have lived in NYC for many years, visited numerous times and stayed at several of its upscale hotels. The Buckingham is now my favorite.. The size of our room, including large living room, large bedroom both with entertainment systems and wet bar with small refrigerator was a welcome relief after hours of walking, touring etc..the location couldn't be better for the arts (Carnegie, Lincoln Center) and for outdoor enthusiasts (runners, etc) as Central Park is 2 blocks away. Next visit..the Buckingham!!	
Mar 5 2006	New Gem in NYC	The Buckingham Hotel (57thSt./6thAve) is a new favorite in midtown. Large suites are beautiful with pleny of sun and views of midtown. Staff is helpful, friendly, and knowledgable. Just a block or two from Central Park,Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center, East side, West side, and 5th Avenue shopping. Parking garage only a block away. It is also dog-friendly!!I have stayed at the St.Regis (too far off the beaten path) and the Essex House (small, worn rooms), but will not again after discovering the Buckingham!	
Feb 26 2006	Valentine's at the Buckingham	Ok, so I couldn't afford the $150K Valentine's special, we still had a great time. The room was more spacious than anything we expected in Manhattan, the service was courteous and efficient, and the hotel was in the middle of everything. Even my snobby friend was happy, and with what other over priced hotels were charging at the time, spending the big $$ for dinner at nearby BLT Steak seemed a bargain.	
Jan 17 2006	Look Elsewhere	Hotel is a dump. Beds were extremely thin, especially sofa bed. I slept width wise becaise length wise was impossible. Overall the room was quite dirty, especially the bathrooms. Other than the desk manager, all other staff members were completely clueless. Location is good, but otherwise, this hotel is a waste.	
Jan 16 2006	Great Location and Value; Clean Spacious Suite	Thanksgiving of 2005 was the third Thanksgiving in a row that we spent a week at the Buckingham. We plan to go back in 2006. The suites are clean, spacious, and provide a great value for anyone staying more than a night or two. The location simply could not be better, with great access to the theater district, MOMA, Central Park, Lincoln Center, and Fifth Avenue shopping. All of the rooms, and particularly the bathrooms, are a bit idiosyncratic (e.g., in one of our rooms the showerhead was mounted on the side wall of the tub rather than at the end), but we have found these idiosyncrasies more charming than annoying. This is partly a residential hotel with no restaurant and limited services, but there are many good places to eat within one block. If you want to spend time at a hotel bar (that is of limited interest to us), you can do that at the Parker Meridien Hotel directly across 57th Street from the front door.	
Nov 19 2005	The perfect Noo Yawk hotel!	Woah, so you think the title may be a little too much? Wait 'til you stay here and you'll think otherwise. This hotel is spot-on in every sense. Huge suites with all mod cons, great views of West 57th street and so close to the subways, if you leaned out of the window you could almost touch them (Not recommended). The service is second to non and the cleaniness of the rooms is faultess. The staff are all very polite and helpful but not in the usual smary way, just down to earth and straight to the point. But if you do want, gritty rude true Noo Yawk attitude, then go to the Rock 'n' Roll deli round the corner for the best breakfast bagels in the area. We were three English guys coming off the back of a ten day break in the USA/Canada and this place rounded it off perfectly. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone I meet. It may dent your wallet slightly, but between the three of us it was well worth it. Would I go again ? They 'd have to try and evict me next time!David Woosley, England.	
Oct 11 2005	Great palace-like rooms	When we arrived, the reception looked lovely, very elegant, and the classical mucic playing was nice. The lady receptionist wasn't v.friendly but the guy (asian, softly/well spoken)was! Lifts were nice, the corridoors were lovely, very classy and calming with soft music playing. The room was an absolute palace!!!! To my knowledge, we just paid for the cheapest room and got 2 queen size beds, made up beautifully and a seperate lounge area, with a desk, sofa, MA-HOO-SIVE tv -(and a 2nd tv in the bedroom), cd player, and kitchen.... only problem was, trying to drag ourselves away to actually go out!I would agree with other reviews that say the bathrooms are small and the showers need updating, but hey! How much time du wanna spend in your bathroom anyway?! It was clean, that was the main thing. Air conditioning could have worked a lil' better too and it would have been nice to have a lil' help with our luggage, and with getting a taxi to the train station to catch our flight. Ended up standing outside the hotel for 35 minutes trying to flag one down.... but apart from that basically... it was cool. Palace-like suites and very classy and definatly worth the money. Location is quality too, 1 block to the left and theres Central Park! Recommend pub called Mickey Mantles just round the corner - nice atmoshpere sports bar.C ya peeps! Enjoy!	
Jun 12 2005 	Every day something in my room stopped working	I selected the Buckingham based on location, and trip advisor reviews. The location certainly was fantastic for my needs and I was given a room on the back of the building as requested. They told me I had one of their &quot;remodeled rooms&quot; (does not look anything like their website shows) and I thought it smaller and more dingy than expected but indeed quiet and clean. The bathroom however, is the size of a small port-a-potty and had a capped off 4&quot; pipe sticking out of the floor. When I tried to turn on the T.V. the remote didn't work, turned it on from the T.V. and it was stuck on Spanish. I then bastardized another remote to get batteries still no go. Someone came up and dealt with it fairly quickly. The sink handle was loose so I used cold water to wash my face and then sank into the softest most uncomfortable bed ever. End of day one. Over the next few days, the fridge, the headboard, the showerhead, various light bulbs and the weird large silk tree taking up lots of space all caused issues. The most serious problem was the phone. After a friend waited over an hour for me in the lobby while they tried to ring me on a phone that didn't work, they finally sent someone up to knock on the door. &quot; They told me I didn't know how to follow phone directions but my friend heard 4 other people complain about the phone system while in the lobby. I'm sure some of the rooms at the Buckingham are newer, larger and have less problems (working phone) than the one I stayed in. If you can get one of them and understand that this hotel has no services, one ice machine in the basement and really does not have the &quot;quiet elegance&quot; that it tries portray, the location and cleanliness makes it worth considering.	
May 14 2005	Loved it!	We've usually stayed in &quot;bigger&quot; named hotels in New York but we are definitely coming back to this one--the price can't be beat, the rooms are huge-clean-quiet and the location couldn't be better. After we booked, I read the reviews and was a bit worried but we liked the Buckingham more than the Drake and as much as a few of the five star hotels in the city. The staff was super--thank you for our best NYC trip ever!	
May 3 2005	Buckingham Hotel -Great location	Myself and 3 friends just returned from a stay at The Buckingham 4/28 - 5/1. We were impressed with the size of the one bedroom suite. We had more than enough room for the 4 of us. I was impressed with the size of the closets in the bedroom. The water pressure for the shower was EXCELLENT. We bought groceries and cooked dinner one evening. We had a room facing the street but the noise never bothered us, then again we were noisy also. Everyone in my group was satisfied with the room and stated they would stay here again. There are subway stations at the end of each block and it was very convenient to travel to different places. The staff was extremely helpful especially &quot;K&quot; I believe that is his name. I must admit I was a bit hesistant after reading a recent post, but after staying there I believe that was a post from a disgruntled guest. I must admit although I was told all rooms were remodeled last year, it still needed more updating to me. The floors look old! When I return with my sons, this will definitely be one of our choices due to the location, price and room square footage.	
Apr 26 2005	A great value. Clean but older and a little noisy.	We stayed at the Buckingham April 17-23, 2005. Had room (they called it a suite but a kitchenette and bathroom do not a suite make) 16A. We paid $199 a night and we thought the hotel was a great value for NYC. The room was clean, well decorated and comfortable. The bathroom fixtures could use some updating but they were clean and worked well. We did not make use of the kitchenette but it was also clean and well supplied with dishes, cutlery and the like. Our only complaints were that on our first night we discovered there were only two (very small) pillows in the room. When we called the desk to get two more we were told there were NO OTHER PILLOWS AVAILABLE IN THE ENTIRE HOTEL? Please? We went out the next morning and bought travel pillows and when we returned from our pillow buying excursion we found two extra pillows in our room. The other complaint was so minor it almost doesn't merit mentioning but I will because it became a source of humor to us. The shower kept quitting on us. Not the water, just the pull up tab on the faucet that turned on the shower. About twice per shower. As I said, just a little thing.All in all, we loved the location, walkable to everywhere--we are big walkers and near many excellent restaurants, across the street from a Starbucks (we are from Seattle and have to have our fix) and just down the street from a great breakfast place (Cafe Europa) on the corner of 58th and 7th. We would stay there again at the same price in a NY minute.	
Apr 5 2005	Huge!!Clean!!Great!!	Four of us girlfriends stayed at the Buckingham Hotel, across from Carnegie Hall, from Feb. 24-28. This place is NOT your typical NY hotel, since it is huge!! We had a spacious den, a huge bedroom, an eating area and a small, complete kitchen. The den has a queen sleeper sofa and the bedroom has a king bed. The bathroom has a tub/shower, and even though it's small, it's not like I came to NY for the bathroom! Besides, there were plenty of mirrors in the den and bedroom for makeup and hair drying. Book your stay early, as this hotel is small, but VERY well worth the stay. Oh, by the way, the price in Feb. was only $300 a night. We felt like we were living in an apartment, which was so much more comfortable than a tiny, stuffy hotel.	
Apr 4 2005	Buckingham Hotel -- Poor Choice	The overall service was horrible. There was a leak in my bathroom which to my knowledge I did not cause, and the hotel is trying to charge me nearly $2000 for supposed water damage. The manager told me that the hotel has a history of leaks. In addition, there was a mouse that appeared several times in my room, and I was essentially told that this is what to expect in older hotels. I was offered a discount of 50% for only the first night that the mouse appeared and not subsequent nights. I had a room next to 57th Street and it was very noisy all night. The hotel is cheap compared to other nearby hotels, but I would recommend spending the additional money and not having to deal with the problems that I had.	
Mar 23 2005	Watch out for NY Cheesecake - you'll get fat.	Took a trip to New York from March 17th - 20th. Stayed at The Buckingham for three nights. Room is a good size. However, it didn't look anything like it did on the website. The website obviously features a shot of a renovated room. Ours wasn't. In the end, it doesn't really matter, because you're just in the hotel to sleep. Bed was clean and comfortable. Only complaint was that the room smelled. Nothing nasty, just old wood or carpets or something. Furniture seems fairly old. If you have a new suite, you probably won't have a problem. Anyway, we hopped across the street and bought a can of air freshener from the drug store which fixed the problem - although only temporarily. The heater/air conditioner doesn't work too well. Sometimes it was too hot when set to cool (hot air blows our for a while), and sometimes too cool when set to hot. Bathroom is small. Staff is friendly. Held our bags after checkout as our flight wasn't until the late evening, and we were welcome to use the restroom and lounge on the second floor to relax. We didn't find it noisy at all, probably because our room was toward the back of the building, so our view was a brick wall, and a ventilation system. But it was good because it was quiet - except for a few annoying pigeons. Overall, a good experience and for the money, you can't beat it. Great location, steps from Carnegie Hall, and more importantly, Carnegie Deli. If you like cheesecake, Stage Deli has better cheesecake. Cheers and beers.	
Mar 16 2005	Lg Suite great location nice ambience but noisy and hot	We booked this hotel for 4 nights between Christmas and New Year's, after reading reviews on your website. We're a husband/wife and 2 boys aged 17 and 21. We were told we'd have a suite with 2 beds in the LR for the boys, or a cot would be provided. NOT! Upon our arrival we were told that all of the cots were taken and wouldn't be available at all during our stay. We asked for an extra mattress to place on the floor and they would not accommodate us. Our boys alternated with the pull out sofa and one slept on the floor each night, on a &quot;nest&quot; of bedding. The rooms were spacious, although the bathroom was tiny, with no ledge space. Our heaters did not work properly in either room, and we had to keep our windows open although the outside temperature was below 20 degrees. The noise was unbearable, as we faced 57th St. on the 4th floor. Unbelievably, the noise was just as bad with the windows closed! After our first night, we asked to change to a quieter location, but again, were not accommodated, as this was their busy season. Overall, the front desk was of no service, although one clerk was able to give us some good directions involving busses and subways. Although the value was excellent for NYC and the rooms very large by NY standards, we would NOT go back again.	
Feb 21 2005	Big rooms but very noisy	I had read great reviews on Tripadvisor on this place and got really dissappointed when I got there. I found the apartments to be very noisy. There is no double glazing and it is in the corner of 7th Avenue and 57th, meaning a lot of traffic noise. Some apartments are very large - but to me, the noise was a real inconvenience. I would not go back to this hotel. Also, note that not all rooms/apartments look like the photos on the website and some are quite oldfashioned. I am quite fussy, but I am surprised at high reviews for this place.	
Feb 17 2005	Great Location!	We stayed at the Buckingham Hotel for 4 nights late 2004. The suite was a good size with everything we required &amp; very clean although the bathroom was a little on the small side and in need of modernising. The location of the hotel was great and it was just perfect for the nature of our trip. The reception staff were varied, one shift the receptionist was extremely helpful and pleasant but on the following shift the receptionist was rather unfriendly, unhelpful and aloof. If I ever return to New York I definitely would consider staying at the Buckingham again as it provides good value for money combined with a great location.	
Jan 29 2005	Good Choice	My husband, adult daughter and I stayed at the Buckingham Dec 15-20 in a 1 bedroom suite. We checked in during early afternoon, and I was disappointed in our room assignment. It was on the 4th floor, facing the street, roomy, which was very important for us, but it was dated looking with old paint and furniture. It was clean, so we unpacked our things and went out site seeing. Coming back to the hotel about midnight, we came back to a very cold suite. There are two heating units, one in the bedroom and one in the living area. The one in the living area worked fine..but the bedroom unit did not work at all. It was about twenty degrees out and you could feel the cold air blowing at the window. I went down and talked to the guy at the front desk. At first, his solution was to put a space heater in our room. The heater looked like it had seen better days. I told him that I really didn't like the space heater idea and would prefer if he could possibly move us to a different room. After 15 min or so of searching, he did come up with another room on the 10th floor. He gave me the key and asked me to check it out to be sure it was acceptable. I went up and was immediately more impressed. This room had been renovated and had newer furniture/paint, lighting, appliances, etc. Both heaters work and we moved that night. We had a wonderful stay. I don't know if I would have enjoyed it quite as much if we had stayed in the first room. The second room was arranged slightly different so that the bathroom was off a central hall instead of off the bedroom, much better for us. I found the staff to be helpful and friendly. The maid service came daily and were great. There are nice washers and dryers in the basement ($1.75 per load). The location was wonderful. We could hear street noise even on the 10th floor...it seems there are always sirens, cars honking, etc...but we got used to it quickly and didn't have any trouble sleeping, etc. One night when I went to the front desk, I felt very sorry for a group of ladies from England who were checking in. It looked to be a mother, grandmother and two teenage girls. They said they had been traveling a long time and were very tired. They had booked their rooms on the internet and thought they were booking regular double hotel rooms. The clerk was trying to explain that everything in the hotel was a suite and they don't have rooms with two double beds. They ended up paying for a second one bedroom suite. Besides a guy who came into the laundry room one night when I was there, I never really saw the other guests. I could hear them in the hallway when they were in their rooms, but couldn't hear anything when inside my room. I know other people were there, but I think they service a lot of people who perform at Carnegie Hall. I heard one opera singer singing in her room down the hall one night...but I couldn't hear it from inside my room.All in all, it's a good place to stay. Try to get a renovated room if you can...it makes a big difference. I would stay here again if I could be sure I get a renovated room....I just didn't like the dingy room.	
Jan 18 2005	Great	This hotel is great. We stayed for New Year and found the location perfect, the staff more than helpful, the room lovely. The Hotel is perfectly situated to visit all the sites and has a subway station at the end of the block. Central Park is literally just around the corner. The room was good as well - we had a room away from the road so it wasn't noisy - we had a big TV, CD player, newspaper every morning, daily (and excellent) maid service, adequate kitchenette and bathroom and lots of storage space. It wasn't the most glamourous room in the world but it was exactly what we wanted. The only gripe we had was the very soft bed that dipped in the middle! We'll definately stay at the Buckingham again when we go back to NY.	
Dec 31 2004	Heading Back	My sister and I stayed at the Buck in May of 2002. We did not have a street view, so we did not have any noise problems. I thought the room was adequately clean. The kitchenette was nice for breakfast and storing leftovers. The location was awesome-easy walking to theatre, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Macy's, FAO, Bloomingdales, and Museums. The location, price, and size of the rooms (I have heard you can't even walk around in some NYC hotel rooms) is bringing us back to the Buck this spring. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone going to NYC.	
Dec 16 2004	Loved it marathon weekend!	Great service, great location very helpful people and a LOT of space for the price!	
Dec 6 2004	Superbly Situated Hotel!!!	My girlfriend and I spent four nights at the Buckingham at the end of November 2004. We had a good sized one bedroomed suite which was cleaned everyday including Sunday. All of the staff were helpful and pleasant and happy to help. The hotel is superbly situated with 5th Avenue and Central Park nearby, a drug store across the street and a wonderful little Deli just 4 doors or so up the road.The only down sides were the small bathroom and the fact there was no safety deposit box within the room. There was hardly any noise but we were situated away from the road. After reading some negative reviews on Trip Advisor, we were quite aprehensive about booking this hotel but it far exceeded our initial expectations and would not hesitate to return.	
Nov 2 2004	Average overall experience	Suite was fine, but the room was noisy and cold/drafty (our stay was in late October) . . . the location is good, but if you're planning on spending lots of time in your room, and resting peacefully for a good night's sleep, think about other options.	
Oct 25 2004	excellent suites great location	Wonderful midtown location. Queen 1 BR suites were large and comfortable, obviously recently renovated. Kitchenette very usable, though we used mainly for take out foods and breakfast. Don't go there if you expect full hotel services. Do go if you want an excellent value with plenty of space for two people. Expect some street noise, especially on lower floors--but this is part of the NY experience, and I got used to it quickly.	
Oct 5 2004	Loved the Buckingham Hotel	My husband, sister, and I spent three nights at the Buckingham the first weekend in Oct 2004. We had a suite, one bedroom &amp; living room. It far exceeded our expectations. The rooms were clean, and good-sized; the only thing small was the bathroom. The furniture was very nice, the sofa bed my sister slept on was very comfortable. There was a little street noise, but this is part of NYC. This hotel far exceeded our expectations for the price. I was worried before hand because of some negative reviews on Trip Advisor. Don't pay any attention to them, this is a great place! The staff was gracious and accommodating. And the location is wonderful!	
Sep 8 2004	Not bad - but not great	Definitely a good location, but I would only stay here again if I were ready to put up with a) street noise while trying to sleep b) so-so, not totally clean rooms and c) a pretty disinterested hotel staff. Maybe that's the way in New York, I don't know - but it seems like you should be able to get more with the $$ they charge.	
Aug 18 2004	GREAT LOCATION AND VALUE-2 PROBLEM AREAS	Regular business traveller here... the Buckingham offers a GREAT location at a great value! The bathroom was too small to be functional and there was no in-room safe and the hotel safe was only accessible during business center hours (9-5) so not a practical alternative. Both issues could be remedied and it would then be our #1 choice for business travel to NYC.	
Aug 2 2004	Great value great location - dissapointing dirty room	I travelled with my sister and Mother in December 2003. We booked this hotel because the website looks stunning and the rates were great.On arrival the rooms looked dull and in need of a good lick of paint or a clean. Also, the kitchen area is very dated, liked a 1970's kitchen! But you really are in a great location and the hotel could be sooo much better if given a bit of care and attention. We enjoyed our stay though and did not spend too much time in the room. BUT - I got bitten by bed bugs! However, I must praise the hotel for the way they have handled the situation. They have been marvellous and have offered me another stay and I WILL be going back. It is exactly what I was looking for - I just hoped they have changed their cleaning staff!	
Jul 19 2004	Great location and value	My 22 year old son and I stayed at the Buckingham Hotel from July 11-17, 2004. We enjoyed a spacious 1 bedroom apartment during our stay. The apartment was cleaned daily and there were always plenty of clean towels left for us. The kitchen and bathroom were small, but worked out fine. The living area and bedroom were spacious by New York standards. This is not a 5 star resort. It is like staying at a friend's apartment. The room is nicely furnished and the bed was comfortable. We had no problem with noise, but our room faced inside away from the street. The location is excellent. A subway station is right around the corner or down one block depending on the line you need. There is a 24 hour drugstore right across the street which proved handy for drinks and snacks. Security is good. The lounge on the 2nd floor is very upscale and offers free high speed internet access. I will definitely stay again. If you need 24 hour room service and luxury, this is not the place to stay. If you want a large room in a great location at a good rate, then this is your place. The staff was excellent, providing early access to the room when we arrived at 6:00 a.m. straight from a red eye flight and stored our luggage on our last day prior to our leaving.	
Jul 5 2004	Gem of a hotel	We loved the Buckingham during our 6 night stay in late June. With 2 teenagers in tow we found the spacious rooms in our one bedroom suite and full kitchen to be a perfect fit. We don't like to eat all our meals out so were able to fix breakfasts and snacks in our suite. Suite was clean, quiet, well-appointed and secure. Housekeeping was super - even fixing a slowly draining bathroom sink without being asked. Front desk staff was very helpful giving us reliable recommendations on everything from dining to transportation to the airport. Terrific location two blocks from Central Park and away from the madness of Times Square (but within walking distance). One tiny negative - the bathroom was quite small but we all managed just fine. We would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
May 17 2004	Good for the money	Really well-appointed and good-size suite. Four of us (adults) stayed here for three nights and never felt like we were under each other's feet.Great location (57th and 6th, right next to the subway as well) make it an excellent choice as a base for sightseeing.Nice touches such as the artwork in the lobby, CD player and a massive TV in the room.But... got to mention the noise. Aircon sounded like an air battle and I know it's the middle of NYC, but you could hear conversations happening in Brooklyn even with the windows shut. Take some earplugs if you want a good night's sleep.	
May 5 2004	Don't be fooled	What a terrible experience. The hotel lures you in with the promise of sophisticated elegance in a great location. The lobby delivers - it is sleek, comfortable, refined. But then you get to the room, and the problems begin. The noise from the traffic outside is terrible. My room was poorly cleaned, and I found - to my horror - a half-used shampoo in the shower. They advertise in-room Internet, but charge you $9.95 a day for its use. They hide the fact that this property is partially hotel . . . but also a residential building. You can tell: Odors of people cooking their dinner waft out of the rooms into the hallway. It is NOT what I would expect of sophisticated elegance in Manhattan. If you're looking for that . . . keep looking.	
Jan 4 2004	Valuable 	Long Review, sorry, please read on for a detailed account - good, by the way.....Great place for the money - the skinny: One bed-room suite and pull-out sofa, living room, desk, cd-player/radio and A/C (we stayed in the middle of summer) Plenty of room for my partner and sister to stay. Our stay was 2 nights with 3 people first night and my brother and his wife were staying with us on the second night. Later we would train to Long Island for a wedding. This is our 3rd time in NYC, prior stays include the Hudson/Ian Schrager and the Marriot World Trade Center.Even though our occupancy kept getting larger, they accomodated us with extra bedding supplies and towels. The staff was courteous and professional. Note that if you stay here for only a few nights - as we did, this is generally an extended stay operation - with hotel deals coming up every once in a while to fill emtpy rooms. I gathered that it is a stay and maintain operation, guests come and go about their respective work days, and there is no concierge, per se, just a head manager on duty, each very courteous. You're generally on your own, bring in the groceries or take-out to your room and cook/re-heat in the small kitchenette. There is no room service, so if your looking to be looked after, this place is not for you.Although we did not take advantage of it during our brief stay there is a small work out room and business center available. Please check out the website to confirm all the services offered.But....if your looking for comfortable space - and I mean SPACE, and your are independent in your exploration (or at least armed with guide book/recommendations from friends), this is a great value - dollars to square footage and layout. We got this deal through a hotel discount website and did not rent per month - so if the Buckingham Hotel shows up and is available for your indicated stay period, I recommend taking advantage of it.Finally, here are some of insights to NYC:Note on NYC and your feeling of safety and finding the right neighborhood: For example, the mod and posh hotel &quot;Le Parker Meridien&quot; is across the street from the Buckingham, it is very hip and chic, hence - assumably safe? But if you are not used to crazy people (found everywhere in major cities), garbage on the sidewalks (NYC does not have an alley system - garbage is picked up on the front door), and both congested street and sidewalk traffic (don't be surprised if someone is eating out of the corner garbage can) then it can be a shock and feel dangerous. Do your research - if you feel this is not a good part of town for you, (I believe its fine - no one bothered us), find a place that is more comfortable / Times Square area for tourists - but you will still find some of the aforementioned. NYC is NYC that is what makes it unique - if you stay in the city you will be hard pressed to avoid this - take it in, you're visiting - it is the city's zeitgeist anyway.Cleanliness: There was some report of stains in the carpet and mildew, this may be true, but we did not have this experience. There was wood parquet floors in the living room area and the bedroom, no carpet in our suite. This is our experience, I contend that the other may be the case, our room was in good condition.Noise: I don't know where everyone is hailing from but we're from Chicago, used to street noise, train noise, etc. (this does not preclude summer construction - who can stand that in any town/city) Also note that our attitude was to shop/eat and further explore the city prior to a wedding on Long Island, this was perfect for our agenda. Also you are just south of Central Park. (ps. Hot Dog stands abound - recommend Sabrett's - ask for mustard and onion sauce - note: onions are a hot sauce/onion/vinegar concoction, very nice combo - I was very surprised the first time since the sauce was red and the typical Chicago dog does not have ketchup - taboo!)We enjoyed the stay - we hope everyone has the same experience that we did, but based on some of the others reviews, some did not. We can only recommend on our experience - note: we have only stayed here once, but would go back again. Great staff and spacious accomodations - note that the space is not new construction, I can tell that space has been renovated, much like many Chicago apartments (layers of paint, etc.) - but clean and pleasant none the least.	
Dec 18 2003	Great Deal	I stayed here during 12-10-04 to 12/14-04. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The hotel was very spacious for New York and very clean. Great location as well.....I did plenty of research on the web before I booked my stay and I can tell you that it was well worth it.......I would highly recommend to anyone.....	
Dec 10 2003	The Buckingham Hotel was quaint and charming	The Pros: Location (walking distance to Radio City Music Hall, Rockfeller Center, Central Park, 5th Avenue shops, etc.). The daily cost of the suite was a plus, the large one bedroom suite was a bargain. The type of room, all suites with kitchenettes, was great.The Cons: The traffic noise. We were on the 12th floor and we could still hear the traffic noise quite clearly. Cleanliness of the rooms was not top notch, but, adequate. The heating and cooling systems did not work well. The telephones were somewhat quirky.Summary: The small hotel in midtown Manhattan was quaint and very charming and it is my opinion that despite the negatives the positives far out weighed any problems.	
Nov 17 2003	What a nice hotel!		
Nov 8 2003	More than acceptable for the price and location		
Nov 6 2003	Great NYC Marathon hotel!!		
Oct 31 2003	think twice about the Buckingham		
Oct 30 2003	A refined and elegant oasis in the city		
Oct 25 2003	A Bargain in the Heart of the Big Apple!		
Oct 13 2003	Good location good hotel		
Oct 11 2003	Great location but you get what you pay for		
Jun 23 2003	A Hidden Gem!		
Jan 24 2003	Comfortable hotel pleasant room..		
Sep 30 2009 	Recomendable		
May 10 2009 	Super recomendable		
Sep 20 2008	Perfecta ubicación espacioso y economico		
