	Rooms are small but overall it was a great hotel - I'd stay here again!	I would highly recommend this hotel - not only is it in a fantastic spot in Manhattan (walking distance to 5th Ave and the subway etc) but it's neat, tidy and a decent price.Our room had 2 single beds inside, I must admit it was much smaller than I expected, but it didn't bother us one bit - we're in New York, if you're going to spend extended amounts of time in your room, then you're crazy! So the tiny room suited us because all we did in there was sleep. It was clean and comfortable and was within our budget ($1000 for 5 nights - booked on expedia).I highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 24 2009 	Really nice hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights. Really good hotel within walking range to many of the Manhattan must-see places.	
Nov 24 2009 	At least you won't forget where your staying - 30/30!	Was given an extremely large room (corner room) w/ own sofa &amp; table tv etc..although lighting didn't seem adequate enough for such a size. The decor is neutral and minimal even when you walk to reception and rooms but it was good that 24hr reception was available. The bathroom was probably really nice once renovated but is now in need of a spruce up. Location wise nothing much exciting to look around- lots of factory second outlets and souvenir shops. A good 15-20min walk to times square but subway is just around the corner. Not bad but would probably stay in Soho next time round. :)	
Nov 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel.	I have stayed at this hotel a few times, and both times I had a excellent experience. Great location in the city. Staff and service was great. I loved the new rooms, very sleek, roomy, clean and beds where super comfortable. I highly recommend this very cool hotel to anyone staying in the best city in the world NYC.	
Nov 18 2009 	Nice surprise: clean and comfortable with good service	In early November, my friend and I stayed two nights in Hotel Thirty Thirty, a small boutique hotel, offering sleek accommodations in a quiet location. What a find!  Around the corner from Park Avenue and one block from the subway, we were able to metro to the museum district and Greenwich Village with relative ease. Times Square was nearby too and we felt it was safe to walk back to the hotel after a show and dinner. Hotel staff offered exceptional service. They were courteous, knowledgeable and efficient in helping me with accommodations and in directing me to the subway. The hotel lobby had a hip, minimalist design; the room was well-appointed and clean with comfortable beds with white down comforters and a small green velor couch to relax on after a day of walking and sightseeing. The bathroom was roomy and had wraparound tiling and simple lighting. Concierge service was immediately available on Sunday morning and held my overnight bag for me while I had breakfast in a nearby restaurant. Good value for small hotel.Recommend the hotel place another waste basket in the room near the desk. Also on the green front, recommend offering re-use towel program.	
Nov 18 2009 	Perfect	I stay at this hotel every time I travel to New York. Going elsewhere is not an option for me. The rooms are always clean, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. I have never been disappointed when I stay at the Thirty Thirty. It is also located extremely well, being within walking distance from the Empire State Building, Times Square, 5th Ave, and Penn Station where I enter and depart the city. There is even a bar / restaurant connected to the lobby which is not common in every NYC Hotel, and there is a 24 hour food and convenience store right across the street for anything you might need during the night. I fully recommend this hotel to any NYC visitor, wether it be for business or pleasure.	
Nov 18 2009 	great hotel location staff at the reception	Hotel has very good location!!!!! The room was clean, quiet. Enough space for 2 person. Staff at the front dest very friendly. The resteurat has really good prices!!!	
Nov 18 2009 	3030 is just great for the business traveler!	I chose Thirty Thirty for my business trip to New York City mainly because of its great location and highly reasonable room rates. I was pleasantly surprised by the what the superior rooms had to offer at such a cost. The superior rooms are clean and big and equipped with all the basic amenities you would need, including free hi-speed internet connection on LAN. In sum, Thirty Thirty is sheer value for money and centrally located - near the crossing of Park Avenue and Madison Avenue - and so at a walking distance from the best restaurants and food joints - Italian, Indian, Chinese... not to speak of the attached diner that offers free breakfast to hotel guests and open till 11 pm for dinner. I would rate it higher than other high-end as well as low-end hotels like the Radisson or La Quinta in and around the same area. I stayed here for 10 days or more and would love to go back. I would recommend this to both the cost-conscious business traveler as well as the holiday maker on a tight budget.	
Nov 15 2009 	the room was shockingly small-no closet space no sink in the bathroom no free wireless internet	just horrible. i walked in and when there were steps leading up to the reception area (ie no ramp) and no doorman let alone bell staff, I knew I was in trouble. The lobby and front desk staff were friendly so I thought that maybe my first impression was wrong. However, when I walked into the room and saw that the bed was the room, I was shocked. The sink was not in the bathroom, so when you are done using the toilet, you have to walk out to the room and if you forget to bring a towel with you, you have to walk back to the bathroom. The set up reminded me of a hospital room. Besides that, the housekeeping staff did not clean up the room until 5pm. We left for the day at 11am and thought that when we returned at 5, the room would certainly be ready for us to use. We were greeted by the maid who was embarrased and told us to go downstairs and report our complaint. When we finally got in our room, we wanted to find a restaurant on the net only to find out that we would be charged $14.99 a day to use their cable connection. Next horror occured about 8am when a man entered the room without knocking. Luckily, we heard him and yelled for him to leave. I assume he was a housekeeper. Just an overall, disappointing and horrific experience. I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy.	
Nov 15 2009 	perfect for the price	myelf and my husband stayed there november 7th till 12th. After reading the previous reviews i was nervous about what was ahead of me in this hotel. Quite the contrary, the room and bathroom, while very small were clean and suited our needs perfectly. Who goes to NYC to sit in the bedroom!!! If you are realistic and not expecting a 1st clas hotle then this is a perfect location for your trip to the big apple....	
Nov 15 2009 	Look elsewhere	Don't bother with this hotel. We stayed here after a New England cruise and were VERY DISAPPOINTED. My understairs cupboard is bigger!! There was no-where to put your suitcase, no drawers, no chair, not even a plastic glass for water!! The room was depressing as well as being tiny. The desk staff were nothing short of rude in fact the only helpful and pleasant person we dealt with was the bellboy. To add insult to injury it wasn't cheap.	
Nov 14 2009 	exceptional service value for money perfect location	i stayed here 11-15th nov, from the moment i walked in to when i left, the staff was always friendly and polite. reading previous reviews i was reluctant about this hotel. For the price it is well worth it for a similar size room you would pay over $300 per night. I stayed in the superior room, which had a queen bed. When i checked in i requested a room with a bath and the lady at the front went out of her way to find me a room. After an 18hr flight i was so happy i didnt have to fight for it. location is perfect just up the rd from 28th subway, if you wanted you could walk up to times square (approx 15min walk tops). Nice neighbourhood. Only downside I couldnt find a supermarket but there is D&amp;R every second corner which is practically the same. Only downside with room is there is no fridge, so take out it was.	
Nov 13 2009 	A lovely hotel in a great location.	After reading some of the reviews on here I was slightly worried, I needn't have though.The Thirty Thirty is a nice hotel in a good area of Manhattan, close to local shops, bars, restaurants and subways, what more do you need in New york?4 blocks from the Empire State Building, 1 block from the subway, dry cleaners, pub / restaurant and hairdressers across the road.The staff were helpful and friendly and the rooms, which were not massive, were nice, clean and presentable. The bathroom was massive and was clean and modern.I would recommend California Pizza Kitchen on the corner for food, which was superb.All in, we had a great trip to New York and the hotel was everything we needed and would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great value perfect location you don't need anything else when in a city!	This is a great find - please ignore the other reviews- they worried me unnecessarily. We had an enjoyable 5 night stay the first week of Nov 2009.&gt; Bedroom: We booked the basic double. Yes it's small (but we're British so used to things being small!), but absolutely fine! Very clean, big bed (must have been at least a king), lovely linen, spacious fitted wardrobe, lovely bathroom with bath and shower. Bigger than our bathroom at home!&gt; Location: perfect. We walked everywhere!!! Even back from the Guggenheim to the hotel (60 blocks away) - the Empire State is virtually at the end of the road so this became much like a homing beacon for us. Having walked most of Manhattan, I wouldn't have stayed anywhere else. The street is amazingly quiet for being in the centre of everything. We slept really well. And we also felt really safe - it's not in a dodgy area or anything.&gt; Concierge: Really helpful - cant fault the service&gt; Breakfast - we ate 3 times in the adjoining restaurant. $13 for a full breakfast with coffee &amp; juice. Lovely, but you are paying hotel prices. We went twice to Jimmys Cafe just 3 mins walk away - on Madison Avenue, around 32nd street. $9 for full breakfast with coffee &amp; juice.I would def stay here again, although New York is probably only a one time visit. If you want to laze around in a luxury hotel with a relaxing lounge/bar/swimming pool etc, then don't stay here. But then who would pay for a hotel like that in New York when you're out all day, seeing...New York! I don't go for budget hotels, so trust me - if you want to see New York, stay here and you'll sleep well after all that sightseeing!	
Nov 9 2009 	not for tall people	the hotel is centrally located so most of the attractions are easily reached by foot.2 minutes from a subway station numerous yellow taxis though if needed.we checked in to the hotel at 11pm at night.found the receptionist pleasent and efficent.found our room and was horrified at how small the room was for 2 people let alone 3 people. the 2 single beds were child like in size.for anyone over 5 foot 10 inches your going to have problems with the bed size.the couch bed that was used by my 12 year old son reasembled a hospital trolley and was very uncomfortable.there was very little light in the room .the room had a good bathroom though with an excellant shower.not much storage space for clothes.it was well decorated.when went to finally settle down on the first night we found one of the beds broken.it was soon fixed though when we reported this.on waking up on the first morning the view was of a brick wall .hardly any natural light could get in and part of one of the windows was held together by gaffer tape.certainly not a family hotel freindly hotel.luckily only spent four nights there .apart from its location 2 minutes from the empire state building this hotel has no other redeeming factors.	
Nov 9 2009 	VERY Average Hotel	The hotel was very average. When I arrived at my non-smoking room, I was overwhelmed by the stench of old cigarette smoke. I confirmed with the desk that it was in fact a non-smoking room. I went to hang my clothes in the closet, only to find the source of the smell--two large bags of garbage. I stopped by the front desk to request that it be removed while I was at dinner. Of course, after returning 3 hours later, it still had not been removed. Also, the shower is old and dirty--bring shower shoes! It seems that they put enough money in the lobby to make it look nice enough--but that is where the upgrades ended.	
Nov 1 2009 	We loved our stay at the 30:30 clean rooms central location pleasant helpful staff. Would absolutely book again.	My husband and I have just returned from our stay in NYC, we travelled there on 24th October for our Central Park wedding, had some reservations about the hotel because the reviews were inconsistent. Some excellent and some very poor. I loved the quiet location of the hotel, away from the madness of Times Square where some of our family and friends were staying, but well within walking distance of everywhere we wanted to visit. We were allocated a small room on the 12th floor initially (1218) , which was more than adequate, but I asked for a move just after our wedding for a room with a street view, we got room 704 and it was fab, spacious, overlooking 30th street, and with a view of the Empire State Building, albeit just the top, but hey, a view's a view! The staff couldn't have been nicer, the rooms we saw were very clean, as were all the communal areas, if you're booking this hotel, you should take the rating into account, if you're looking for something akin to the Waldorf Astoria then you're in the wrong place. The florist attached to the hotel did the flowers for our wedding, the crooked knife across the road was fantastic value for dinner and drinks, I used the hairdresser right across from the hotel to blow dry my hair for the wedding - everything I needed was right on the doorstep, fantastic!	
Oct 28 2009 	This hotel is well below average	The room i stayed in had so little space, the (single) bed had about 2 ft around two sides and the other two were up against the wall. The wet room shower had no shelving to hold toilet articles, and the wardrobe was miniscule.The experience was depressing and a huge disappointment considering the amount levied for a night's stay was USD 243.My colleagues' room was not clean and there were peanuts on the floor from the previous occupant.Try to avoid this hotel.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great hotel great price great location.	I stayed at hotel Thirty Thirty for 4 nights. I travelled with a friend and 2 teenagers. This hotel is great and I would definitely stay there again.I was so worried after reading previous reviews, but i can say there was nothing wrong with the hotel.Because of the great location we were able to shop, drop off and shop again!!We had a double double room, which was a spacious room with 2 double beds. The bathroom was very modern. The room was clean and decor ok, not amazing just basic, but what more do you need for a 4 day trip. Trendy reception area.The toilet was blocked around 3.00am in the morning and within 5 mins someone came to our room to rectify the problem. The hotel staff at the reception, and concierge were plesant and extremly helpful. The only thing is the restaurant in the hotel is a little pricey $5 for a 1 liter bottle of water.	
Oct 26 2009 	Nightmare in Midtown	Arrived late evening. Reception looked promising and almost boutique. Had booked a standard room at USD 209 a night. The room was awful. One third was taken up by a corridor behind the bathroom leading into the bedroom which was just big enough from the bed. The room smelt so bad that I didn't even bother venturing further. Receptionist agreed to upgrade me to a larger room. The room was sizable but decor was tired with some wallpaper coming away from the wall. Two televisions, one missing part of its front. Sofa looked dirty and floor had remnants of cashew nuts which had been dropped by a previous occupant. Floor was uneven whilst wardrobe, bedside table and other occassional furniture neither matched nor was in good condition. Bathroom was highspot with modern tiles and decent walk in shower but, even after washing, a few minutes in the dirty bedroom made me feel unclean. Nether cheap nor cheerful. Not a hotel to which I will ever return.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great hotel - Ignore the negative reviews	After winning the hotel on Priceline, I was a bit worried about my stay after reading the negative reviews on Tripadvisor. Luckily the hotel was much better than expected. I can’t comment on the regular rooms as we were upgraded to a deluxe room since there were no non-smoking, king-bed rooms available on the night we arrived. However, the upgraded room was excellent, very spacious for a NYC hotel. Everything was clean and comfortable, albeit a bit dated. There was no in-room safe. The bathroom was possibly the highlight of the room, very clean, stylish and modern.The location was convenient, near several subway stations (nearest was 28 St and Park Ave for the 6 Line, also 28 St and Broadway for the R and W) and is only a short walk to several restaurants, 24-hour pharmacies, and the Empire State Building. Essentially anywhere in Midtown Manhattan is within walking distance (i.e. a ~20 minute walk). I had very limited dealings with the staff, so I can’t comment on them beyond saying that I found the service adequate. All in all, our stay was trouble-free with nothing to complain about. I booked through Priceline so the price was excellent. At their regular rates, there are better hotels though.	
Oct 25 2009 	clean friendly and excellent location	We travelled to New York with friends for a 50th birthday celebration. Having already booked the hotel and then reading some of the reviews just before we travelled we were slightly worried to say the least. When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised and more than happy with our choice of hotel. Our friends who were celebrating their 50th birthdays had their room upgraged and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Also the rooms were very clean and comfortable. The hotel is in an excellent location for site seeing and we would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 21 2009 	A great hotel with great staff	We just got back from our first trip ever to New York. We stayed at Thirty Thirty at the recommendation of friends. We were apprehensive a bit after reading some of the reviews on here. Were they ever wrong! The hotel was lovely as were the rooms and the staff. The rooms were spotless and the housekeepers always pleasant. Everyone was so friendly throughout the hotel and they were always willing to help with a smile. They was even a manager in the lobby at check out who went out of his way to inquire about our stay and to offer help and asked if we needed assistance with anything, even though we were checking out!! We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, especially if they want a conveniently located hotel to all the sites and shopping. We will definitely return.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great price. Great value	In NYC, with this price, is impossible to find something better than Thirty Thirty Hotel.Clean, in Midtown, with every comfort. It was a great surprise.If I'd need I'd come back.Just one problem: no free internet wireless connection.	
Oct 13 2009 	Excellent location	We have just returned from a 4 night stay in the Thirty Thirty and were impressed by the hotel especially as there have been some questionable reviews on here.We were upgraded on check-in to a superior room. The room was big enough for us and our suitcases. It was basic but clean. The only negative being some noisy fans outside the window (we were in a room at the back of the building). Also, the staff were helpful with any questions we had.The best thing about the hotel is the location. It is within walking distance of the Empire State Building, Macys and Times Square. It was perfect as a base for our trip and I would recommend it to anyone on a budget looking for a New York hotel. Going for a cheaper hotel meant we had more spending money for shopping!	
Oct 13 2009 	Good Hotel	Only a few minutes walk from the Empire State Building and Macy's. Good hotel, nice sized rooms, clean rooms and very helpful service. Didn't eat at the hotel.	
Oct 12 2009 	I definetily recommend...	Me and my brother stayed at Thirty Thirty for 2 days on our first trip to NY. We booked through Orbitz which gave us a standard room but only guaranteed a Queen bed, although brothers we definetily preferred separate beds and one call to the hotel got our needs accommodated. Great location, center of Manhatan, close to subway and easy to move anywhere. Room was very clean and comfortable.	
Oct 12 2009 	Incredible room and Value 4 Manhattan	I stayed here at the beginning of September and was very surprised at the value and location of this hotel. Large, clean room.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great location nice hotel	The hotel is close to Grand Central Station and has good access to public transport. The rooms aren't very big and we good stuck with a room which smelt of smoke although we specifically requested a non-smoking room. Nevertheless we had a great time in NYC.	
Oct 10 2009 	Good location bad service	The good thing: it is indeed very close to Empire State Building, Times Square is within walking distance etc, and the nightlife bars are great. On the downside, the room (single) was the smallest room I've ever been in (and being often in Paris I know that rooms there can be rather small, too): and the staff was quite unfriendly. Couldn't find my luggage, charged me for internet access (the freaking room had space only for a bed, no desk to even put a laptop on!). The worst thing was the combined toilet-bathroom-shower: Imagine a room about 2 m², where one corner holds an toilet seat, the other holds a tiny tiny sink that is about the size of my hand, and the shower is - the whole room: there is a drain at the bottom of the floor, you just shower right there. Great way to start the day, I tell you!	
Oct 9 2009 	I want to go back to Hotel 30 30 now please!!	I spent ages looking for a nice hotel in New York and my boyfriend kept suggesting this place as he had stayed before but i wasn't to keen until we got a great deal on an junior executive suite and couldn't say no! The room was modern, clean and had lots of room. The bed was so comfortable it was hard to get up sometimes. The bathroom was a good size with a large walk in shower. It was also really quiet, once in our room we didn't hear any noise.The location was great, only a few blocks from the Empire State building, bars and the most important thing - shops!!! I would def go back here again!!	
Oct 8 2009 	No frills but good clean room to use for sleeping and showering.	My wife and I spent 3 nights here on our first trip to NYC as tourists. We didn't want to spend too much money, so this hotel was perfect. Don't expect much as far as service and spaciousness. The room was small and had a window unit AC, but it was clean and served it's purpose. It wasn't a great hotel but it was adequate, clean and safe. We would stay here again because of the location and price.	
Oct 7 2009 	The 4 things you need to know about this hotel	Ok, lets cut to the chase- there are 3 things you need to know about this hotel that are deciding factors. Please read the whole critique because the 3 aren't disqualifiers for everyone- you decide they are. I just stayed at this hotel for 4 nights &amp; was very skeptical of the star rating (3-star hotel), but NYC can be so expensive, I ran with a 3-star. I traveled with a friend, so we had 2 beds in a room. Here is what you need to know: 1.) Rooms are small 2.) the A/C unit is built into the window (no issue there) but when its on, it sounds like a 747 (if noise is an issue, sleep with it off) 3.) only place to put the TV is up about 9 ft from the floor, so when you're lying on your bed, you're looking up. 4.) the beds were small- dont know? Queens? They felt like singles. I kept thinking I was going to fall out- I'm used to Cal Kings. 5.) I'm mentioning this because I tend to check online the day before I leave (I hate checking in at the airport)- main gripe was the cost to print out a boarding pass- it took 30 seconds, ending up costing me $6 since the printer ran out of paper, so it would cost you $3, which its only $3, but that is just plain dumb (give us the convenience!!!) Now- was the hotel quiet? Yes. Never once heard anyone, nor did anyone wake me up. The hotel staff was amazingly polite and courteous and even helped me with finding locations I wanted to go. Cleaniness of the hotel was top notch- maid service extremely well. The bathroom is enormous. The location was perfect- close to everything- really probably the best location and right in the middle of it. A stone's throw from good bars and excellent restuarant. So location is probably one of the best in Manhattan. Would I stay there again? Definitely. I got a great deal on Priceline and it was a steal compared to the $400+ rooms I was seeing. I'd rather spend my $ elsewhere and this was the place where I would.	
Oct 7 2009 	Everything i was looking for in a quick trip very professional and great service!	I loved the hotel, I would recommend it to anyone coming to see the sights of NYC. THe staff was very professional and accomidating, the location of the hotel is in the middle of everything, lots do do. I think it it took 4 minutes from the Empire State building. It was a blast staying there, everyone made it seem like they were there to show you a great time!!	
Oct 6 2009 	Good deal	My husband and I booked this hotel based on recommendations from friends. After reading some fo the reviews after booking I was extremely worried. Overall it was a very good experience. Our room was small but clean and the hotel was extremely convenient both for walking and for taking the subway! Hotel front desk staff were not overly friendly especially since I made numerous trips to reception to have my room key reactivated. Our room was considered to be superior. Which I foudn rather amusing as it was not special in any way. Overall it was a great price and great location. I would recommend this hotel to other budget conscious travellers.	
Oct 6 2009 	kicked out of room when hotel overbooked themselves!	I was on a business trip with two colleagues and the trip was for two nights. After our first night, the hotel called to say they had overbooked themselves, a large group was coming in, and at least one of us would need to vacate our room. The hotel did nothing to help us find alternate lodging. When we got back to our rooms, our bags had basically been packed for us, and the rooms were ready for new guests. They ended up putting two of us in a room with two twin beds (that were hard as concrete) and then did nothing to compensate us for their horrible screw up and handling of the situation.	
Oct 5 2009 	Not bad for the price...	After searching and searching and SEARCHING for the lowest rate for a decent hotel in NYC, I found this one and decided to stay there. The location wasn't that great, but depending on where you're planning to go in NYC and if you don't mind walking a lot, then it should be ok. It's about 2 blocks away from the nearest subway too, which isn't that bad. Room was really small, which is normal for NYC, but what was surprising was the size of the bathroom (really big for a bathroom)! Pretty much the same size of the room! The only thing that bothered me was that the room constantly smelled like food (oniony-smell) probably from the restaurant downstairs or one of the restaurants on the street.If you want to use the internet in your room, it costs about $14/day and it's not wireless FYI. Overall, if you don't care about the size of the room or the location, then this is a great hotel for a low price.	
Oct 4 2009 	fab!!!	a little weary about staying there after reading reviews but it was lovely and v. clean and staff on reception v.nice and friendly. only 1 small complaint 1 of the door was v. rude but apart from that will be back!! oh check out the crooked knive across road .	
Sep 29 2009 	great base	wasn't looking forward to this at all after reading the reviews, but it was great very clean staff were very helpful . Central location and the bar restaurant , the crooked knife, directly opposite was a welcoming place after a long day visiting the attractions. I would recommend this hotel.	
Sep 28 2009 	as a person that has travelled to many cities worldwide this was by far the best	Myself and my 12 year old son arrived at the thirty thirty hotel for a week long stay and we were greeted with the utmost respect and professionalism after a long flight from London.Whilst there we stayed in a suite which was both very comfortable and kept immensley clean on a day to day basis, the hotel's ammenties were superb as were the staff. The thirty thirty hotel is actually based in the centre of Manhattan which is very close to all the top tourist attractions such as Times Square, Central Park,the Statue of Liberty to name a few but unbeliveably the Empire State Building is at the end of the street from the hotel, no more than a 30 second walk. I would recommend this hotel to both family and buisness needs as we gathered very early on that Wall street and the Buiness distict are only a very short distance too. The food, breakfast lunch and dinner were also excellent and the restaurant staff were also impecable. HIGHLY RECOMMENED!!!!	
Sep 27 2009 	what a little cracker	had read many reviews on this site prior to my trip to New York and was a little anxious about what to expect. well i would like to say i had a fab time in NYC and the hotel was a wee gem. The room was big, spotless and even had a view of the empire state building. The beds were soooo comfy and i got great sleep the full five nights i was there. Seconds from leaving the hotel you are in the heart of everything. The reastaurant/bar attached to the hotel does amazing breakfasts, was too busy shopping to come back for dinner but would fully recommend. The staff were very helpful and answered all my quieries. So if you are going and you are considering this hotel i would say go for it....which leaves you more money for shopping. LOLWhen returning to NYC i will defo use this hotel again.	
Sep 24 2009 	First class accomodation!	Stayed at the Hotel Thirty Thirty for four nights on a girly trip to New York. Excellent accomodation, two blocks away from the Empire state building and central location. If we went again we would probably stay near Time Square as it was a bit of a walk each day. This hotel was a great three star accomodation and would def stay here again. Big rooms and an even larger shower. Our toliet over flowed once and staff were in our room a couple of minutes later sorting out the problem. Great service. A tip for anyone who has never been to New York before as we were all NYC virgins - we would reccomend buying a bus tour ticket for 48 hours as it was cheaper than paying out for taxis or other froms of transport. Spent one day doing the downtown loop then the night bus, then the following day doing the uptown loop for the musuems. Overall we really enjoyed our short break in the big apple and are looking forward to our next trip!	
Sep 24 2009 	Second great experience in less than 3 months.	I stayed at the Hotel Thirty Thirty for the second time on 3 months and my experience was great both time. I found the satff to be incredibly helpful, the rooms to be very nice and connecting Restaurant a real plus and convenience.I would recommend to anyone , anytime.	
Sep 23 2009 	Good location but small old room	Let me start with saying that it's not really bad it's just not really good. The hotel has a good location, not far from subway, empire state building and not really a bad walk to Times Square. The only real problem was the room. It was small, old and smelly. I was traveling by myself so I got a petit room. The website warns you that the room is small but you can't imagine what small is until you get there. There was one twin bed pushed in the corner. The room had a smell to it like animals or something. The TV was real old and the A/C worked but was loud. Basically the room was just old. The bathroom was one open area with a tiny sink mounted in one corner with a pull out mirror. A curtain came down the middle of the room to create a shower and the toilet was in there with you. There were lots of strange stains on the ceiling and the tile looked old and dirty. I'm not real picky about places to stay and I guess there was nothing really wrong. I just left thinking that I never wanted to stay there again. Of course the other bigger rooms may be better or nicer.	
Sep 22 2009 	Thirty Thirty Hotel is/was the nicest place I've ever stayed in 40 years of traveling:	To All NY Tourist or Business Travelers:My name is G.D. McCamey, and I am so excited about writing about 30-30 Hotel. Obviously my stay with the Hotel was perfect. My wife and I enjoyed some of the superior treatment we've ever received. First, management was fantastic, really enjoyable men/women to talk to and share any needs or fears you have at being in NY for the first time. I cannot describe how helpful management was, and not to leave out all the other employees who were super nice, for the sake of a better word. Let me say, I had my fears about being in Ny for the first time, but after several hours at 30-30, I felt like I was home, actually, safer. The staff gave me a room with a tub and shower as I was having some surgery and needed to soak in warm water for 30 minutes each day of our 8 day stay. The bathrooms were very nice, and the beds comfortable, quite and comfortable. To my surprise there was a safe in the closet where I was able to keep my money, and some medication for after the surgery. Little safes I could put my things in and install the combination that my wife and I were the only ones who knew it. That one feature was worth staying at 30-30, but there was more. Elevators, and several eating places across the street, in 30-30 was a nice restaurant. However, since my wife and I would be there 8 days, we needed a place for quick less expensive meals, and we found that place 1/2 block from Hotel Thirty Thirty's front door. A nice deli run by Italian family that made delicious lunches for less then $10. for both of us. Now in NY, where cigarettes cost over $10./ pack, those were inexpensive and delicious means. The problem I had was my wife kept asking me to finish her mean as it was too much for her to finish. All my life I've been told you have to be careful in NY, for it's a dangerous place. Let me say this last thing. I went down to smoke at 1:30am., 3:30am. and again at about 5am. as the surgery kept me awake with a bit of pain. I found I enjoyed standing at the door of the Hotel so much I was going down just to see the people walk by. I felt so safe that my wife and I walked from 30-30 to the doctor's office, from 30th. to 69th., leaving at dark and walking feeling as safe as if I were back in Arkansas. However, transportation is no problem at 30-30, for a taxi arrives at the door with no less then 2 or 3 minutes all day and night. There are buses, or the subway nearby. I loved the location of 30-30 Hotel. Now, this I want to say, for before we left we read some of the peoples comments who say they had stayed at 30-30 in the past, and they had some negative points in them. I was kinda worried, but let me assure you, I'm 65, I'm particular and very honest, I'm not saying anything here that is not true. I found nothing, nada,, nothing negative to say about my stay at Thirty Thirty Hotel. Even the gym for guest of 30-30 treated us special. I could not work out, but my wife did, and I was treated like royalty while I waited for her. You are right in the middle of everything, we walked to at least 10 places that tourist would want to see, and remember, I had a double surgery and was still able to walk to see the sites with no problems. The price was surprisingly inexpensive for a Hotel of that quality. Oh, I told you I felt safe and I did, but even though the whole area appears safe, there was always a member of management, or an employee at the door as well as a doorman. We decided they stayed there just to make sure their guest would have no problems, directions, ect. I told management I was coming back to NY as soon as possible, for I enjoyed it so much. Chinatown, the harbor, Statue of Liberty and we just happened to be at 'Ground Zero' for a Sept. 6, special service and memorial for those lost on 9/11. It was a special moment for both of us. If you are a country person as I am, and have never been to NY, experience it. It will be well worth your time. Make your stay at Thirty Thirty Hotel too, you'll be glad you did. God bless!	
Sep 22 2009 	** MICE RESIDE HERE ***	When we arrived our first impressions were it was clean, the room was lovely and spaceous and it was in a really good location. We spent only one night there but were very shocked to discover they had mice. We went out and on our return we were horrified to find mice had eaten into some confectionery which had been left in one of our bags. I SAW THE MICE RAN ACROSS THE ROOM and called receptionist to complain about this in the hope they would give us another room. The receptionist didn't seem to care. She told me they were fully book hence could not offer us another room. The only thing she could do was send the porter up to have a look.Yes, the porter came up about 5mins later with his dustpan and brush asking &quot;Where is it&quot; We explained it appeared it had gone out via under the door. He did not seem in the least bit surprised there were mice running around! He then left. I assume he thought we had captured this vermin and were holding onto for him. We were disappointed as no one bothered to contact us to apologise for what had happened. We checked out the following day but left our luggage in storage, how silly of us. After we collected our luggage, we were shocked to find mice had now bitten through one of our bags and had tried to nibble at the cover of a plastic container containing chocolates within the bag. We feel the hotel needs to improve it's customer service. I was unimpressed with the way we were treated by this hotel, would never stay there again and would like to make anyone staying there aware of our experience as we would hate for others to have their holiday ruined by this. I would like to say one thing though, that is it's a lovely builing and it's in a lovely location	
Sep 22 2009 	disappointing	room was cramped - the bathroom door hit the bed on opening! Disappointed as no coffee/tea making facilities.Surprised to see the trash being dragged thro the bar to the street in the evening.But good locality for getting around and decent bar round the corner.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Place	I stayed at Thirty Thirty in early June, it was a great value for the room we ordered, and the service was fantastic. Would definitely stay there again if I'm back in the area.	
Sep 18 2009 	beautiful building great service	The hotel was beautiful, and I really felt that the hotel staff cared about my needs. When I needed to make dinner reservations they were happy to help me and they always recommended restaurants with great food. I will definitly be back to 30/30.	
Sep 16 2009 	Excellent value friendly service in midtown Manhattan	I had to extend my visit to New York last May after a traffic accident in which I was knocked down by a car in Brooklyn. Fortunately, I was able to get an excellent rate at Thirty Thirty that included breakfast. My petite single room on the 12th floor had everything I needed, and the windows facing south and east gave great light and views. I also appreciated the hotel's pet-friendly policy because I could have my daughter's cat as a companion while she was out of town one weekend. I had previously stayed at Thirty Thirty and recommended it to friends who came to the city last December. I'll be back myself in October '09 and probably again at Christmas..	
Sep 16 2009 	Oh Dear What a Poor Hotel!	The title says it all! My wife and I stayed here at the end of August 2009 on the last leg of our honeymoon. The hotel was a real disappointment. The reception area looks the part but the staff were not particularly friendly or forthcoming. The corridor to our room smelt awful, a musty cross between stale air and hair removing cream!We realised that the standard room was obviously going to be small but by New York standards this was tiny. We just about had enough room to fit our suitcases at the foot of the bed and squeeze around. The sink (which I will return to) was actually located next to the bed - although some may say this in an en-suite! The bathroom was okay consisting of a toilet and shower, it could have done with some decorating as the grouting between tiles looked worn and contained black bits. On our first night my wife tried to use the sink but to find that the water would not go down the plug hole. Using my best plunging skills I managed to use the plug to empty some of the water, however upon doing this we were greeted to a surge of black soap scum, muck and hair rising from the plug hole which was frankly disgusting. This mess took an eternity to sink down where it came from! How the previous occupants of the room or cleaner did not notice this is incredible. To give the hotel credit the following morning the reception immediately got the handyman to fix the problem. The location of the hotel was great. Being on 30th Street meant it was two blocks away from the subway and very close to 5th Ave, Madison Ave and the Empire State Building. On our checkout the concierge tried to arrange for us to use their transport to LaGuardia Airport costing $45 dollars and insisted a cab would be as expensive - there not. Our yellow taxi cost us $25 - so beware! At the end of the day the standard rooms were very basic but we were not in the hotel much but it was not somewhere you would want to get back to in a hurry!	
Sep 15 2009 	Couldn't fault it	Stayed in the hotel for 4 nights first week in september. Lovely location just round the corner from empire state building and Macy's. Nice restaurant opposite, &quot;The Crooked Knife&quot; Great if your worn out or just want to eat by the hotel for one night. Lovely Margaritas and white wine sangria and the food was excellent. Staff at the hotel were lovely and helpful. Room was adequate and bathroom, spacious. TV was stuck on channel 22 but hey, who cares? You aren't there to watch TV. Right?If you want a good base in a friendly street, near attractions, subways and restaurants and bars, you could do a lot worse.	
Sep 13 2009 	Fantastic hotel remember it is 3 star rated	The thirty thirty hotel is a great hotel. I was so very nervous about staying here, after reading all the reviews on here about the hotel. We were on the 9th floor in room 917, this room is just what we needed, somewhere to sleep, shower and get ready to go out. It was cleaned everyday, we were left with new towels and bed linen everyday. To me it was perfect(in fact I have stayed in the Savoy hotel in London and this was close to matching it). The hotel staff were so helpful to us. We arrived before we could check in they then told us to leave our cases and have a first look at the city. This was great as we got our first taste of the big apple. The location of the hotel is great, in the middle of everything. I felt safe walking to the hotel late at night. At the end of our stay the hotel provided a private taxi for us to take us to the airport, this was provided by the hotel at a fee of $25 each, saving us money. The only negative thing I can think of is that the air conditioning was a bit loud but hay at least it worked as it was very hot during our holiday. All in all the thirty thirty hotel is a fantastic hotel and made my first holiday abroad the best holiday ever, thank you thirty thirty	
Sep 11 2009 	Do NOT stay here. $417/night dingy miniscule rooms dark rooms/halls	I stayed in this hotel because there was nothing left in the entire city for a 2 night stay and our original hotel lost our reservation. The ONLY thing this hotel has going for it is location. The lighting in the rooms is so dim I had to put my makeup on by the window. everything is just cramped and sub par. I forgot my shampoo and when I got in the shower there was HALF a bottle of hotel shampoo. YUCK! I carry pepper spray when I travel and this was one stay where I had it in my hand every time I left my room. Prices were sinful!!!!!!! for what you recieve. Never again!	
Sep 7 2009 	Great location know what you reserved.	This hotel is in a great, fairly quiet location, a mix of restaurants, small shops and many apartments, close to Empire State building, Union Square, Grand Central station, and 3 blocks to subway for trips to all points of Manhattan and other sites in NY. Front desk is helpful, but be sure you know what you reserved. I found a Labor Day special on the internet, standard queen room and included full complimentary breakfast at Zana's restaurant next door. The porter took us up to our room only to discover it was two twins in a room smaller than a college dorm room. We said no and the porter called the front desk, then put my husband on the phone. It took some wrangling but after showing them our printout of our reservation they put us in an upgrade king room, telling us that was for one night and we'd have to move the next day.Next day arrived and different front desk help told us to keep the king at no extra charge.Typical amenities, a few toiletries, hair dryer, iron and safe. We seemed to be in the minority of English speaking guests. Most were Eastern European including Russian, Czech Republic, German etc. Loved the laughter and congeniality present in the lobby and in the two working elevators. (a third did not work) Porters and other help were pleasant. The staff at Zana's next door was excellent and we enjoyed three breakfasts (after returning to the front desk for our free vouchers). We had beautiful weather and they opened their front windows so our table felt like it was outside but with the comforts and quiet of indoors.If you want to be in the midst of noise/hustle/bustle of Times Square, this is not the hotel for you. If you need a great base for sightseeing, it's great.Enjoy your trip to New York, wear comfortable walking shoes!	
Sep 6 2009 	Brilliant Stay - Exceeded our Expectations!	Myself and my Girlfriend stayed in Thirty Thirty for 5 nights the first week of September 09 and thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. We had read reviews and were dreading going but i must say we thought the place was Fantastic and find it hard to understand how anyone could have such a bad time here. The room was larger than expected with a large bathroom with lovely big shower, a digital TV with 28 channels, safe, phone, air con etc. We were surprised at how nice it was for an 3* NYC hotel.The hotel was clean and inviting, with pleasant enough staff who fielded any queries we had the best they could and we felt very secure and safe. We got our room cleaned twice and it was spotless after the cleaners had been in.The LOCATION is BRILLIANT - just off the main avenues (5th &amp; Madison) so nice and quiet but 5 mins walk to Empire State - less than 10 mins to Macy's and 15mins to Time sqaure - we walked to and from times square a few of the nights and felt totally comfortable in our surroundings. 2 streets down is the 28th street subway which you can connect to any part of the city from which we thought was excellent - $2.25 fare.Overall we would recommend this hotel to everyone - we booked our room on a summer sale week with 40% off so the value for money was outstanding. We feel a holiday is only as good as you make it yourself and we fully believe Hotel Thirty Thirty helped us have a wonderful week in NYC.	
Sep 4 2009 	OKAY	I stayed at the Thirty Thirty hotel in Feb this year. Before going I was really nervous at what to expect. Upon arriving we had a little wait to be seen as there was a few other people checking in. The staff were pleasent and formal. We got into our room and it was tiny, but all hotel rooms are in New York, especially at this price.The room was clean, had a bath and shower, which were both spotless. The bed was comfortable. The main thing about the hotel is the location, it is really easy to get to everything. We were first timers to New York, so being able to walk to pretty much anything is a real plus. We are planning on going back again and would be looking to stay in another hotel which was a little more comfortable. I would reccomend this hotel for anyone on a budget that isn't looking for a fancy hotel. The only other negative, was our room was right next to the elevator, so we had constant noise, not too bad except there was a school trip with about 25 teenagers down the corridor! To be honest though, you kind of drowned it off!	
Sep 4 2009 	Alot better than expected	Got to say pleasently suprised by hotel. Had read some reviews before going and was worried about what we might get. So after our vist felt it only fair to make a comment. When we arrived I asked for rooms next to each other, receptionist could not accomodate this at the time but said she could sort out next day. The room my husband and youngest son got was fantastic, 2 big windows, coffee machine, cooker etc. My room was very small for 2 single beds and looked on to next building. Having said that the bathroom was big and it was only for 1 night. All linin very clean as were both rooms. Day 2 went to reception and although we did not get rooms right next to each other we got one down the hall on the same floor, so the boys fot the great room and my husband and I got the other one which was a double. Big enough for what we needed, again clean, although the shower not as good as in other room, but we had more space between out window. The location of the hotel was great 3 blocks up and to the left and you were at the Empire state building, so fantastic. Hotel staff nice and the girl in the bar was very good and remembered our drinks every time we wnet in. Nice place outside to sit and eat/drink ( although we did not eat in hotel)Lots of good eating places around about and I found the deli at the end of the street to the right coming out of the front door, which was recommended by someone on trip adviser. A good little italian also around the corner going left out of building then right, looked run down abit but food great and nice people. I would definately recommend the hotel	
Sep 3 2009 	Brilliant location	I visited New York with some extended family and we stayed at the Thirty Thirty Hotel. We were dropped picked up from the airport by some friends and dropped off to the hotel. My first impressions were that is was an average hotel. The service was good, and we had no problems with the staff or reception. The lobby was basic with one or two gift shops inside. We had two rooms, each with two single beds. The rooms were a simple basic size, slightly small, but could fit a wardrobe, two beds and a bedside table in. The bathroom was a nice with a decent shower and a lot of space. As we went during July, the temperature was boiling, and unfortunately the windows didn't open for safety reasons I presume, but we would leave the air con on during the day which would leave the room cool for night time. But the locations was the best part of the hotel, we were a five minute walk from everything and there were tons of cafes and coffee houses nearby to get breakfast in the morning.Overall, the hotel was average, with nothing to boast about, but the location was perfect. After all, I feel that spending time in New York isn't about which hotel you stay at, and as long as I had a decent place to sleep at night, it was a good deal.	
Sep 3 2009 	Fine Hotel don't know what the fuss is about!	We read the reviews before we went on holiday and was scared at first, but the hotel was absolutely fine!On arrival, the staff were really nice &amp; welcoming. The hotel room was very clean &amp; there was absolutely NO insects! The beds were comfortable &amp; t.v. was good (had many channels). The hotel was very central. Within walking distance to Times Square, Empire State Building, Central Park and Madison Square Gardens. Do no listen to the negative reviews! This hotel was brilliant for the money we paid!!!	
Aug 29 2009 	Cockroaches	DIsgusting. Stayed there this summer during part of our honeymoon. On entering the room for the first time knew we'd made a mistake. Tiny room and really noisy ancient air conditioning that did not work and could not be turned off. TV remote would not work. Carpet had not been vacuumed, thick dust on the windowcill. Toothpaste splashes all over the tiles around the bathroom sinks, dirty floor tiles and grime around corners of bath. The final straw was the cockroaches - in the bathroom, in the drawers of the bedside cabinet and on the window. The only good thing is that they were baby cockroaches. Feel sorry for those staying there this month as they'll be fully grown now! Doubt the hotel will do anything about them. Would never recommend it. In fact this has made me never want to go back to New York!!	
Aug 25 2009 	Absolutely Awful. Ruined my Holiday	Our room was a disgusting; tiny and dirty. We requested an upgrade but were denied as the employee was not authorised for this (the manager was out). A request was left in the system for an upgrade for the manager to inform us that it was ok. We were not.Three days later, our room flooded even though my fiancé told the reception that there was a problem with the toilet from 12.45pm. My fiancé saw the room at 8pm and we were later told that the flood occurred at 1.30pm and the plumbers went only after the room below us complained about the roof leaking. The plumbers told me that there was 10cm of water in our room and this may have been caused by throwing wipes in the toilet. I informed them and the manager that we do this back home and there is never a problem. If it is prohibited there then there must be a sign and a dustbin provided. There wasn’t either. (I did not manage to speak to the manager or the plumbers until the next day as Ms Katia (manager), had left at 5pm despite having this problem, which I think is very wrong. She would not speak to me on the phone when her colleague phoned her and just let us wait till the next day). We were put in another room; it was worse than the first one. We were offered an upgrade which we never got as Ms Katia did not have it in the system on our return to the hotel the following day. I asked about our laundry bills and she said she must ask her superior and let me know, which again she did not. On our last day Ms Katia was cold, unpleasant and sarcastic. She asked why we had not left yet and that check-out was at 11am (it was 1pm), and whether we requested a late check out. I would have requested one had I known the checkout time. Couldn’t Ms Katia see if we had one, since she was looking at the computer? I said that we could leave right away if she wanted; our week was so bad it didn’t matter. I was ignored. I didn’t expect much class, but I did expect cleanliness, a decent room, much better customer service and politeness. I received none of these.	
Aug 24 2009 	Water rained through the bathroom ceiling	Stayed for 6 nights, chose the hotel because of its location despite the mixed reviews on TripAdvisor. First night we were told on arrival that the type of room that we'd booked wasn't available, therefore we'd been 'upgraded' to a bigger room. The room was nice and spacious...however we were also told that we would need to check out of the bigger room in the morning and check in again to move into the room that we'd actually booked. Overheard other guests at reception being told the same thing, so wonder whether this is done regularly so that when you see the room you actually booked, you might then want to pay the extra to be put back into bigger room. On our last night, the guest in the room above us took a shower, which caused water from their bathroom to rain through our bathroom ceiling. Rang reception to inform them, were met with a very unconcerned response. We were told that they were fully booked when we asked to change rooms, and offered a free breakfast in recompense. Will be trying to receive a refund for our final night. Personally I feel that there are likely to be hotels in the area offering better value for money and service than Thirty Thirty Hotel. We would not stay there again.	
Aug 21 2009 	more service please	Stayed six nights at the Thirty Thirty in July 09. Our &quot;family deluxe room&quot; was really nice - big and spacious and a great place to come back to after walking the streets of NYC all day and night. We got a good deal when booking (40 percent off), but if we had paid the full price, we would have been downright disappointed. Mainly because of the extra amenities most people expect nowadays. Traveling with two teenage boys you need Internet-acces ... but here they charge two dollars (to be fed into a machine in the lobby) for just a few minutes, and it's just not good enough. The charge for Internet-acces in the room was ridiculously high - and not worthy of a hotel like the Thirty Thirty that presents itself as a modern and trendy hotel (which in many ways it is - but people's expectations are different now compared to just a few years ago). Moreover we experienced a couple of times where messages left at the reception at night was not passed on to the manager - the Internet-machine ate dollars without giving access, we had to put a bit of pressure on to change the check-out time from 11 to 12), so all in all there's a bit to work on for the management in that respect. The location of the hotel is okay, but not great. There's a couple of nice sandwich-places in the area and a store that's open day and night on the corner - and the Empire State Building is just a 5 min walk away ... but if you're looking for a bit more NYC-action this area might be a bit too quiet for you. All in all our stay was successful, but the general service at the hotel needs to be improved.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great setting	We enjoyed staying at 30-30...the location can't be beat. It's a value in such an attractive part of the Big City. The rooms are small, rugs a bit frayed , AC noisy ...and external (outside)noise levels are quite highas well, but that's the city. The staff was very attentive and all equipment was in working order. The hotel runs value days that are very competitive. My cousin always stays at 30-30 when she's in town and I truly value hger opinion.	
Aug 18 2009 	Perfect Hotel	great location, within walking distance of times square and empire state building. Room 1004 was a good size for 2 of us. view from window wasnt great but what do people expect in new york?! staff would bend over backwards to make you happy from conceirge who spent all day searching for vegetarian restuarants for us to the manager who always had time to stop and ask about our day even at midnight when we were slightly worse for wear. only problem was a carbon monoxide alarm that beeped 2 days in a row but was sorted promptly with maintenence and manager responding to our call. would definately stay here again if returning to new york! felt like a 2nd home! my only request would be tea and coffee making facilities in room as i was gasping for a cup of tea on our arrival.	
Aug 14 2009 	cockroach - alot - big and small	If you like animals - cockroaches - this is the hotel for you!Stayed here in june and it was cockroaches all over the placein the bathroom and under the bed - not nice.....But if you like animals this is the hotel for you!I don´t recommend this hotel at all!!	
Aug 12 2009 	fantastic hotel/ great location	This was our first holiday as Mr &amp; Mrs we wanted a hotel that was almost in the center of everything so we chose the Thirty Thirty located close to the subway for quick travel &amp; central for walking around, in my opinion the best way to see &amp; experience New York is by foot. The hotel was fantastic very modern, clean &amp; the staff were great always smiling &amp; very helpful. The room was a good size, clean &amp; comfortable. Wil definatly be returning to New York &amp; will certainly be staying here again. A good piece of advice for anyone going to New York &amp; wanting to see the sights is to book everything before you go saves you so much time not queing, also you can get a city pass which is definatly worth buying is a book of tickets for Empire State Building, Guggenhiem Museum, MOMA, Statue of Liberty or Circle Line Cruise, The American Museum of Natural Histroy &amp; The Met Museum. If you go to the natural History Museum i would deffinatly recomend the Hayden Planetarium it was amazing. Its also worth buying a Metro card for your stay you can then hop on &amp; off as you please great value for money. Before we went i booked a photo tour with marc Samuels were he takes you all around New york or any place you want to go for 2 hours &amp; takes photos of you so you get pictures of both/all people together the pics are fantastic &amp; worth every penny, if anyones intersested his e-mail is (-----------) website is www.phototrektours.com we also booked tickets for a Yankees game which was a brilliant experience we got our tickets for that from allstar tickets e-mail: (------) Mike Fassio delt with ours.	
Aug 8 2009 	excellent location good value for money	Our room was quite large, perhaps it was because we had a family room. It was very clean, nice cotton sheets on beds. Plenty of coffee making products replaced each day. Best of all was the location. We got weekly subway tickets and went everywhere although we didn't want to get off the bus in Harlem. A guided tour there would have been better. Go on the Statten Island ferry, it's free and you get good views of the Statue of Liberty, plus Manhatten skyline. Would definitely recommend hotel and stay there again.	
Jul 30 2009 	Generally good value for money in a great location	We were somewhat worried about staying in this hotel after reading about the rat infested rooms but it was not that bad! The reception staff, especially the young Polish woman, were extremely helpful especially when given a complicated request. The location is great - walking distance to many attractions (Empire State Building, Times Square) and close to the subway to access any areas further afield. The worst thing was the room - it was very small and scruffy needing redecoration. The bathroom was better with high quality towels, a good hair drier etc but had a weird smell. The filling breakfast was included in the price and served in the very nice bar/restaurant on site. I would definitely stay here again but would be more demanding about my choice of room.	
Jul 29 2009 	Home Away from Home at Thirty Thirty	Unless you are very wealthy -- and few of us are -- just thinking about booking a hotel room in New York City can be depressing. This is the land of $300 a night, tiny, tiny mousetrap hotel rooms that try to make up for what happens behind your door by having an opulent lobby. It's not opulent, but I like the lobby at the Thirty Thirty Hotel. It is contemporary and functional. And, like the hotel itself, it has everything I need at a price I can afford.Get one of the King rooms if you are traveling with your spouse and what you will have is a home away from home getaway spot with a really comfy bed, high-end bedding, lots of light when you want it (and total dark when you want it) a nice seating area and desk and a really cool bathroom. Love the baths here. Marble and glass showers with fantastic shower heads. Nice soaps and great lotion, too. High--end products at a budget price. So relaxing at the end of a hard day of being a NYC tourist. It's not the Ritz. But its not supposed to be. The Thirty Thirty is in a neighborhood with lots of delis and family owned restaurants and little cafes and standard issue Starbucks nearby. It is really close to the sights, like the NY Public Library and the Empire State Building. And it is right on a subway line that takes you anywhere you want to go. There are also some highend restaurants close by on Park and they make for a perfect special night out for you and someone you love. But at the end of the day, you'll enjoy coming &quot;home.&quot; The staff is not at all intrusive but there is always someone around who will say &quot;hello&quot; or offer help if you need something. There's a great little restaurant right downstairs that serves everything from a cheap and filling breakfast to late night eats and a night cap. There's no free internet service. But you can pay for it in your room or go down to the communal pay stations in the lobby. I have stayed here three times now; once with my daughter when she was a teen and interviewing with colleges, once alone on business, and most recently with my husband when we attended a convention. I always have a complaint about something. But honestly, I cannot say anything bad about this place. Each time, the Thirty Thirty was the perfect spot.	
Jul 26 2009 	Worth a try	This hotel had mixed reviews but we certainly had no complaints. The rooms and bathrooms were clean and well appointed. We were told that we could walk to Times Square in 12 minutes but we never made it in less than 20. It was certainly worth varying the route as there is so much to see on the way.The attached resteraunt served good food at reasonable prices but has 20% service charge added whether you like it or not. Having said that the staff were attentive.Theonly drawback with the hotel was the smell of cigarette smoke in certain areas from the permanant residents	
Jul 12 2009 	Great value and location for 1st time NYC	From reading the rest of the reviews I think this hotel must be in the process of being renovated. For the price that we paid ($119 per night) this hotel was a great. Our room was small but we had a closet with a safe in it, had an ironing board and iron and we had a flat screen TV. Our queen bed was comfortable, the bathroom was clean and the room was cleaned everyday. Our room was on the back end of the hotel away from the traffic which probably helped keep the sound down. The hotel staff were not really friendly but they weren't rude either....didn't really add anything positive or negative to our visit. The hotel is about 3 blocks away from the subway 6 line and was 2 blocks away from 5th Avenue. The area around the hotel felt safe and there was always plenty of traffic. Unless its during rush hour time you will be able to easily flag down a taxi. Check out my profile for a video of the room that we stayed in.We were not impressed by the restaurant across the hotel name Crooked Knife. They had the best deal for Miller Light taps and margaritas but their food was just average and we found better food easily elsewhere. I would suggest going there just for drinks and skip eating there.	
Jul 9 2009 	If you like rats	It was still bearable until one day, I heard the paper bag containing my breakfast for the next morning rustling at the side of my bed. Yes, there are rats in the room (or at least one). The access cards to the room often fail to work, the rooms are tiny and not made up when we're back late (11pm). All these are still bearable. But NOT sharing the room with rats that chew through and things and probably run around the room.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Service and Location!	My wife and I had to book a hotel room in NYC, and chose Thirty Thirty Hotel, when our flight was cancelled and could not be re-booked until the following day. We were obviously tired and stressed from being a the airport for nearly 8 hours waiting as the flight kept being pushed back until it was cancelled that evening.Once at the hotel the front desk manager was very helpful and friendly. In our conversation, I told him what had happened that day and he expressed his apologies and offered a free room upgrade to a small suite. He wanted to make sure that we enjoyed our stay and was determined to give us a nice relaxing night's sleep. The room was very clean and the bathroom was a dark slate stone throughout and was also pristine. The only aspect of the room that was not up to date were the old CRT style tvs and the lack of an MP3 device plug in on the clock/radio. However, please remember that this is a 3 star hotel, which I would say is the best appointed/styled 3 star I have ever stayed in.Furthermore, you cannot beat the location in Midtown Manhattan! The &quot;Little Curry&quot; Indian district is just blocks away, as is the Empire State Building, not to mention countless other places to see. There are plenty of food/bar locations within a block, and the bar/restaurant in the hotel looked very nice, but we did not try it as they stopped serving food at 11pm.Overall, we were very pleased with our experience and would definitely stay there again given the chance. The fact that an employee actually paid attention to our story of being stuck at the airport all day and decided to act on it by giving us an upgrade stands out as reason alone to stay here again. They had no reason whatsoever to do so, other than he thought it would make our stay more enjoyable given the circumstances. That type of quality customer service is something to be practiced more often.	
Jul 5 2009 	Very pleansantly surprised by the hotel and value	I booked the smallest room possible a day before I traveled to New York for around $100. Needless to say, I was quite worried about the condition of the hotel. However, I was very surprised to find the staff courteous, the location fantastic, and the room was spacious and very nicely kept. The staff actually gave me a complimentary upgrade to a junior suite that had a full sized sofa and master bath. Everything was a great value and it comes with complimentary breakfast. There are lots of places to go nearby as well.The only thing lacking was Wifi in the rooms, but they do have signal in the lobby plus free wired connection in the room.	
Jul 5 2009 	Ok but not brilliant!!	We said at the Thirty Thirty in November 2008 and I can say that it was not what I was expecting! The loby was fantastic but our room was very small and there was some bugs in the the bathroom!!! I did mention this and was sorted but they came back...... I did not complain again as the 1st time it seemed like too much of an effort for the staff so as I was not spending much time in the room I tried to ignore it! Also, there is still some ladies that actually live in the hotel and we were unfortunate enough to be in the room next to 1 so all I could smell the who time was smoke and she had the tv on loud 24/7!! Also the bar connect to the hotel is nice but very expensive! Apart from that the location was excellent but will not be staying here on my next visit!	
Jul 1 2009 	Worst Hotel Ever	For my first trip to the big apple we decided to go with the thirty thirty hotel as it was right in the centre af manhatten . When we arrivied they gave our key but when we got to the room they had already booked someone else in it , what a great start to the holiday when we eventually got a room it was the worst room i had ever seen the shower had brown marks in it and the shower was rusty . and all the floor had craks in it . Not what you want after a 7 hour flight . The next day it got even better !, we left the room at 11.00am and when we arrived back at 5pm our room had still not been cleaned , we saw the maids coming round so went out for another hour but when we arrived back at 6pm still nothing had been done no clean towels or anything . On the other hand NY was amazing would defientley go back but would never return to the hotel	
Jun 29 2009 	I thought it was bad until it got worse!	The customer service is terrible, but because the location is great I could have overlooked this. I went up to my room (in the very furthest possible corner of the hotel) and the wardrobe smelled; the toilet had brown stuff leaking from it; the shower leaked when turned off and had little pressure when turned on; the bed was as hard as a rock; there was no iron or ironing board and when I requested one at the front desk, they brought the iron to my room and said they couldn't find the ironing board. Finally, one hour before checking out, I was greeted by a ROACH about FIVE inches long!! And, I'm not exaggerating. It was as big as a mouse and less timid, as it ran around the room unbothered by me trying to get dressed and get the hell out of there as fast as I could. The location is fantastic, but everything else was horrible. I will never go back.	
Jun 28 2009 	Terrible service and a huge disappointment	Very disappointed in this hotel. Unfortunately, if you look at their website, the rooms do NOT look like that in reality. We first checked in a room that was horribly small with a very loud air conditioner and barely enough room between the bed and the wall to walk by. No storage, no desk nothing. We asked to be changed and were and for the time being, although not the cleanest, it was ok. The location is outstanding, but that's about all the hotel has going for it. After 3 nights, our soap had never been changed, no additional shampoo or conditioner, and the counter had not been cleaned in that time because the soap used on day one was still stuck on the sink. Add to that we had no handtowells or washclothes as they 'wouldn't be available until after 8pm'....what??? And then when we asked for some to be sent up 'after 8pm', they still negelected to do it.I am deeply disappointed and would really steer people away from this hotel. You can do much better, trust me.	
Jun 25 2009 	excellent hotel clean friendly and comfortable with superb midtown location	this is an excellent little hotel situated two blocks from the empire state (5 min walk) the location means easy access to all of midtown (15 mins to times square, 20mins to 5th Avenue - the shops - tiffanies, A&amp;F, etc) the hotel its self is clean and comfortable. Staff were excellent and very helpful - you can book all the local trips, etc with the concierge and a great rate.The only slight negative was that the room we stayed in was small and didn't really have a view, well it did - the back of an adjacent building. But who goes to NYC for a big room with a view? We slept and showered in the room and it was more that adequate for such tasks. It was clean with all the amenities you'd expect and fresh towels, etc were provided every day.I’d strongly recommend this hotel for most types of tourist. I travelled with my girlfriend but would be suitable for all kinds of travel.Strongly recommend - excellent stay.	
Jun 18 2009 	Turning 30 at the Thirty Thirty	I decided to see out my 20's and welcome in my 30's in style with a girls trip to New York. Based on recommendations from a friend, and after finding a great deal on Expedia (£620 for 5 nights with flights), I went for the appropriately-named Thirty Thirty.The location is great, just a few minutes from 33rd St subway, Grand Central and the Empire State Building. There are various building works going on (you can see this from Google Streetview too) so the hotel doesn't look much from the outside but you're staying inside so it hardly matters. Check-in was fuss-free. Our first room had no safe so I returned to reception where I was offered 2 other rooms to choose between at my leisure. The (217 I think) was great, bigger than the original room, with a wardrobe and safe and far away from the lifts. We were very happy there for the duration, it was pretty quiet and street noise was ok (for New York) The only niggle was that on 3 days, our key cards stopped working and we had to return to reception to have them re-activated. Maybe it was because we swopped rooms but it still got tiresome, especially late at night.The room had plenty of space, blackout curtains, 2 comfy double beds, wardrobe, desk, sofa, flat screen tv and was clean - all pretty good. Decor was a bit dark and although probably in keeping with the original purpose of the building, could have done with being lighter to make up for the lack of natural light coming in. The bathroom was stylishly done but lacking storage space. As we stowed our luggage on the last day, the porter asked if we wanted a car booked for the trip to JFK. Having read some dubious comments about this service, I was a little nervous of it, although he wasn't at all pushy. We accepted because the price was good and travelled in a rather swish town car which turned up bang on time and got us there quickly.I would happily stay here again.As for New York, we loved it! The shopping is amazing - Century 21 near Ground Zero well worth a visit. The usual suspects of Macy's, Bloomingdales, Tiffany served us very well. We went up the Empire State Building at 10pm and even then had to queue a bit. Judging by all the ropes set out to organise queues, a peak time visit would get very tedious for all the waiting. Well worth it at night though, some great photos to be had. We also went to the Top of the Rock which was perfect for daytime aerial shots. We did the 3 hr full island Circle Line Boat Tour which we enjoyed and listened to wonderful commentary by a charismatic and knowledgeable guide. We did find it a little long though so would definitely recommend the 2 hour semi circle tour which takes you past all the principal sights. The East Village is lovely and well worth exploring. We enjoyed a delicious meal at the Cacio E Vino Sicillian restaurant near St Mark's Place and there were plenty of other restaurants to choose from. The Brooklyn Diner in Times Square serves the most amazing milkshakes as well as great burgers. The Crooked Knife restaurant opposite the hotel is very pleasant, don't bother with the one attached, the service there was really slow.Make sure you take decent, comfy shoes as walking is the best way to get around because you see so much, but pounding the pavements is knackering. We booked tickets for Stomp at the Orpheum Theatre in the East Village on Ticketmaster before we travelled - we'd never have had time to faff around queueing at the ticket booths. Finally, don't forget to get your ESTA clearance before you travel (if applicable)	
Jun 18 2009 	Hotel OK but in fantastic location	After reading some of the reviews here, I was a bit concerned about this hotel. However, the staff were friendly when we checked in and out and the doorman helped me with my luggage and got us a taxi on the way back to the airport.The room itself is very small. I am 5'6&quot; and my toes were hanging over the edge of the bed when laying down. My brother who is a bit taller had his entire feet hanging out of the bed! The room was tiny, but the bathroom was massive. They could have cut the bathroom space by half and increased the bedroom size easily. However we weren't too bothered about the size as we were only using the hotel as a base to store our belongings and sleep. The room also had a safe which was handy and was cleaned and the beds were remade daily.The location is excellent. It is only four blocks away from the Empire State Building, and most tourist attractions are within walking distance. However if you wish to go a bit further, 28th Street station is right there at the end of the street. Park Avenue South has loads of handy little shops, like Starbucks, Subway, McDonalds and a branch of Duane Reade (which is like a cross between Superdrug and a newsagents) which was really handy for odds and ends. 28th St station is also on Park Avenue South. Also from Park Avenue South you can see the MetLife building and Grand Central Station.On the recommendation of reviewers on here, we visted the Crooked Knife restaurant and bar. So glad we did, as it is an amazing place. Really homely atmosphere, very cosy and the food is amazing. The staff were very helpful and the service prompt. We also visited the California Pizza Kitchen which was also excellent, quite cheap and tasty. The desserts are amazing - particularly the sticky toffee pudding with ice cream.So while the hotel isn't exactly amazing, if you only looking for a place to store your belongings, rest your head and be near the centre of things, this is a great place to stay. I would definately stay here again. It is not a luxury hotel, but then it does not claim to be.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good Clean Fun!	I was frightened at first after reading some of the terrible reviews about the 30 30. My friend and I arrives June 11th and were quickly given the key to our room on the 8th floor, and we soon went down to the 6th floor to visit a friend who was staying at the hotel with us. We had a quaint two twin bed room with a large bath, while our friend had a larger room with a queen and smaller bath. Both rooms were CLEAN! We had a very pleasant housekeeper who replaced out towels and made out beds daily. The front desk was prompt when we locked ourselves out of the bath room and replaced room keys at no charge if they were either lost of forgotten in the room (note that the replacement of a key imprints a new code so don't try to use the old key at a later time, it won't work). This is a great place to stay if you are planning to visit the city. Clearly, this is not the Waldorf with 24 hour room service, a spa, or any other luxury one might pay for. But that's just it, this is a clean safe hotel with a great price and location. If you require more you will easily find it in NYC, but not at this price.	
Jun 16 2009 	Do not stay here	This hotel had mixed reviews but we thought it couldn't possibly be that bad - it is!! The first room we were offered was filthy, and not just housekeeping issues - it needed new carpets and re-wallpapering to remove the stains of previous occupants.Did you know they let 70 of their rooms to &quot;tenants&quot;? These appear to be people who are a bit down on their luck and by some means have electcted to live in this establishment. Check out the front door of Room 1228, it looks as though the authorities have attempted forced entry on more than one ocassion.Eventually, after inspecting a further four rooms we upgraded to a deluxe - we had to pay extra, plus tax of course. This was a smoking room, but at least we could recognise the smell in this room.Staff not too friendly, apart from Joanna the Polish receptionist who was very helpful and concerned for our plight.	
Jun 7 2009 	Bargain rates and great location	great value for ny. $117 per night. Staff were helpful, room was clean. Coffee maker and fridge in the room. Maid service daily. View of the back of other buildings, and the air conditioner was noisy. But for the price I felt it was a bargain. Basic rooms, clean and safe.	
Jun 6 2009 	A nice hotel for your trip	I stayed at Thirty Thirty hotel 7 nights during 28th May and 4th of June 2009. Before my journey to NYC I read some reviews of this hotel. Some people weren't recommended this hotel at all.My 7-day stay at this hotel was very pleasant experience. I had made my reservation via internet site (www.hotels.com). When I made my room reservation, there was a great offer available and the room price was very reasonable comparing to many other Manhattan hotels (my room rate were 655 euros for 7 nights including all the taxes). When I went to the hotel, the reception personnel were nice and friendly. I got my room very quickly. My room was in the 11th floor. Room itself was quite small, and didn't have a nice view from the window, but there were everything I needed. Bathroom was fine. Room was cleaned and towels changed every day. Air condition was little bit noisy, but it was efficient. The fitted carpet should be renovated. There should be also rooms available without carpets (rooms for allergic persons). I asked, but they didn't had.I found this hotel also well located. A Time Square surrounding seems to be very noisy place (lots of people and traffic). The hotel room in lower midtown was perfect for me. There were not so much traffic during the night time. All the sightseeings and theatre district were either in walking distance or reachable by subway (two subway station quite near, in 28th street).It's very difficult to find a hotel room in manhattan at very reasonable price. In many other cities in Europe you get same level room much more cheaper. The price I payed, was the maximum price I like to spend for the accomodation. If the room price were have been different, I would have stayed somwere else in NYC. Now it was a very good choice for me.	
May 31 2009 	The Price Matches the Hotel	We just got home from our 2 night stay (5/29-5/31). The lobby &amp; hallways are not as trendy as shown, but were clean and nice. Our room (mini - king suite) was very clean and the bathroom was large &amp; modern. The bed was extremely comfortable. For a suite it was on the smaller side. The receptionists could have been friendlier, but it didn't ruin our stay.	
May 31 2009 	Adequate facilities front desk staff need more customer focused training	My wife and I have just returned from a four night stay at the Thirty Thirty Hotel. From the time we booked in until we checked out the front desk staff, concierge and doormen excepted, were curt. On two occasions our electronic door key failed and we had to ask them to recode them. They did so but rather begrudgingly. On another couple of occasions we asked for some small dollar bills change so that we could use the internet facility, both times we were told to go to the restaurant because they didn't carry change.Please don't be fooled by the photographs of the rooms. We were in a room on the twelfth floor next to the elevator, it was basic very small but adequate. If you are looking for something on a more grand scale from our experience you won't find it at Thirty Thirty.Location was good with easy access to 5th Ave and Broadway although Times Square and the theatre district is quite a walk away.	
May 23 2009 	good mid town hotel	have stayed here 3 times before, small rooms basic but thats all you need in New York. this hotel is just around the corner from the empire state building. my 1st trip to New York i stayed in The Plaza on the corner of 5th ave &amp; central park ave where most movies are filmed over looking centrel park, the rooms were bigger but 4 x the price &amp; other than 5th ave it was to far away from resturants etc which tend to be mid town. there is a lovely resturant in the thirty thirty, also a lot of dinners around the thirty thirty for breakfast. i would recommend get a cheaper hotel like the thirty thirty &amp; spend the money upgrading you flight.	
May 22 2009	Underwhelmed by the Thirty Thirty	I had booked the Thirty Thirty hotel as a treat for my mother's 65th birthday. The hotel website gave the impression of being a 3*+ boutique hotel and I took the pictures and blurb at face value. I wasn't expecting the world but I thought I had landed a great bargain and somewhere we would look forward to returning at the end of our long days exploring New York.Unfortunately, we were in for a real disappointment. The lobby and service are fine. Nothing special, just OK. The area where the hotel is situated isn't too bad although it's not that great. It's a five minute walk from the Empire State Building although the approach from Fifth Avenue is rather ropey with run down shops with graffiti. All acceptable up to this point.The real horror story was our room on the third floor. The walls were scuffed and dirty, the twin beds (two singles) were adequate, the carpet looked dirty and the air conditioning unit was extremely noisy. The porter who brought our luggage up to the room hurriedly pulled down the (dirty) blinds in the bedroom and bathroom to mask the hideous outlook from the windows. The lighting consisted of a neon light in the corner of the room and a table light. This made the small room look and feel dingy. There were no tea or coffee making facilities (is this not standard everywhere in this day and age?) and internet access was not free. The (tiny) wardrobe was not a full size and there were only four coat hangers. The only plus was the bathroom which was an adequate and was clean. Certainly not a hint of luxury or a 'wow' factor. Nor was it a relaxing haven at the end of our days. That's what you really want on holiday, isn't it? And we didn't want to pay the earth - we shouldn't have to to get the basics.Other contributors have suggested what great value Thirty Thirty is. I beg to differ. Value is when you receive fantastic service or a wonderful experience at a really good price. The price here is not exorbitant, but it is expensive compared to the overall service and quality of the hotel. You are left with a feeling of dissatisfaction when the overall level of service is poor and you are paying for it. And you don't always want to complain when you are on holiday. Although I do hope this review is a warning to others who are tempted to stay at the Thirty Thirty.I left with a sense that I had been let down and what should have been a special week for my mother was spoiled by the standard of the hotel.Someone suggested the Thirty Thirty is effectively good quality student accommodation and it certainly has the feel of student digs. I would recommend paying a little more and paying for the basic services expected in a hotel - tea and coffee, cleanliness, space - rather than suffer here. It's the little things that can let down a holiday - in this day and age internet access should be free in hotels. There should be tea and coffee making facilities in the rooms.The adjoining restaurant was hopeless for breakfast but there are plenty of other options so that didn't really bother us. The Crooked Knife restaurant opposite was worthy of mention as being a good bolt hole for the evenings when we wanted something quick - first night and pre-theatre.I had e-mailed the hotel several weeks before our holiday to say that I was bringing my mother for a special birthday treat and to confirm we would have a twin room with two beds. I did not receive a reply which I guess should have been a sign that all was not well with this hotel.I would definitely not return to the Thirty Thirty and I could not recommend the hotel to anyone, other than perhaps back packers or students who are looking for a base from which to explore New York City. It is on a par with a good hostel rather than anything approaching 3* even city standards. A shame, because I was hoping that I had hit upon a gem!	
May 21 2009 	poor hotel and worse breakfast	Just spent one night in this hotel. The location is pretty good but the staff and the room were really bad. Absolutely avoid the beside Zana restaurant and breakfast room related to the hotel, I guess it is the worst place to eat in NYC.This is my first and last time in Thirty Thirty although the position is nice. Of coourse I won't come back again.	
May 15 2009	Don't Worry its perfectly good.!!	i stayed in the 3030 with my mum for one week between mar30 and april6th 2009. after booking this hotel and reading some of the reviews was a little concerned but figured it couldnt be all that bad as im not that fussy!! and i was Right. the hotel was less that the estimated 45mins from airport. lobby was impressive ans reception desk was staffed by two. arrived in nyc bout half 4 in the evening, no line to check in but a few gathering in lobby. staff were friendly on check in and very efficient. a smile from a new guest goes a long way remember,.location of the hotel is perfect for sightseeing. we had good weather and walked EVERYWHERE: got two taxis for the entire week and both were at night. the room was small but clean and bathroom was very clean and shower was huge. well stocked with toiletries and clean towels which were replaced every day. bar downstairs was good for simple tea and toast breakfast and waiting staff were very friendly every day giving us the table we liked best to look out the window at the morning pavement activity. Gift shop downstairs makes it easy to buy the magnets and postcards so you wont have to carry them around the city with you!!no problems with this hotel during entire trip. would def stay there again and have recommended it to people here since my return. good for the traveller who wants a good location for sightseeing,(empire state building was bout ten minute walk, and you can get the sightseeing bus from there if your doing that, central : about the same distance from central park as to statue of liberty/ellis island-we walked to both) shopping, evening entertainment (broadway was a ten minute walk to see mamma mia. ), restarants and coffee shops all within seconds of a walk. beds comfy, can self control temp in rooms, plenty hot water in shower(didnt run out all week),if you want a bed for the night to enjoy the city , this is your best bet, but a romantic trip may want somewhere else if you want chocs on your pillow!! enjoy new york cant wait to go back.	
May 15 2009 	Very centrally located helpful efficient staff	We arrived very tired after 20 hr flight from S. Africa. They allowed us to check in early. Rooms were clean, comfy, but a bit small. Probably true of most NY hotels. Close to Empire State Bldg, Macy's and great 24hr Deli- Suzi's. I would stay here again. Also reasonable.	
May 13 2009 	Cosy and convenient	After having booked this hotel through a travel agent we were in fear and dread after reading reviews that labelled it the hotel from hell. But in fact it is a great little hotel for those who want a convenient location, good neighbourhood services like coffee shops, delis and restaurants before or after a frenetic New York day. The rooms are small but most people are only in the hotel to sleep. Our room was spotlessly clean, with towels etc changed each day, and lobby staff were extremely helpful. We would stay there again.Eddie D Oxford England	
May 11 2009 	Fantastic Hotel and Great Location!	We stayed at the Thirty Thirty Hotel over the Easter Break, on a girls weekend away. The location is brilliant, central but on a quiet street. We found the staff to be very helpful and friendly, and as we booked when their summer sale was on it was incredibly good value. On our first night they did not have a standard twin room available, so we were upgraded to one of the superior rooms for the first night - a nice bit of luxury! The standard room was fine as well - definitely a bit smaller but all we needed for a few nights in New York. Very clean, maid service every day if you wanted it and overall a great bargain if you can get a discounted rate like we did.	
May 8 2009 	Excellent Location - thats pretty much all!!	My friend and I stayed here for four nights. When we arrived the staff were extremely unfriendly - they bearly cracked a smile, did not even welcome us or tell us to enjoy our stay. Out twin room was clean, but unbelievably small! With our two suitcases on the floor we bearly had room to move around (unless we climbed over the bed!!) On the up side, the location was excellent! There was a restaurant adjoining the hotel which we ate in once, but across the road there was a delicious Irish restaurant called the Crooked Knife. We ate there most of the time. To conclude: I would not rule out staying here again, but only because of the location and next time I will insist on a larger room!	
May 7 2009	disappointing - worst hotel we have stayed in not only in the USA but anywhere	Two retired ladies arrived at 8.45pm from San Francisco having stayed in the Sheraton there absolutely no complaints. Recepionist immediately stated she did not have a non smoking twin room which was what had been booked this statement made by her without us saying what we had booked - our first night in a twin smoking room where plug hanging off the wall torn bedding and peeling wallpaper in a room where one person had to sit on the bed to allow the other to move about not even coffee making facilities(available even in a Travel Lodge)- one consolation clean bathroom and towels - moved the next day to a larger room still very tired decor and very short single beds - spoke to receptionist who pointed out we were in a cheap New York Hotel !!! - have stayed in New York before in the same price range where standard twin room had two queen sized beds - overall tired below par hotel which we would never stay in again -spoke in a restaurant to a New Yorker who had stayed one night during a snow storm and stated it was the worst hotel she had ever stayed in - says it all.	
May 4 2009 	good value	was not too sure what to expect with this hotel as it has got mixed reviews , room was fine not as small as some people made out the decor was a bit tired could just do with a lick of paint to freshen it up nice big shower the cleaning staff keeps the room very clean and tidied every day no complaints about them the staff at the desk were very friendly and helpful lots of nice places to eat within walking distance i would advice when booking to try and get a room at the back of the building we were on the fourth floor and we could hear the noise coming from the customers( especially at the weekend )sitting outside the crooked knife ( lovely warm evenings) they were having a great time but we wanted to go asleep ( no double glazing ) the hotel is very handy to get to many of the sights in midtown easy to walk to and near the metro to travel to the other sights i would have no problem recommending this hotel it is not 5 star but it is very good value	
May 4 2009 	excellent location just beside empire state building.	Really clean and modern hotel, I was very very surprised as it was not the most expensive. No restaurant but there are hundreds of places to eat, I would recommend the rodoe restaurant and les halles near the flat iron building.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great hotel - both location and price wise (for New York anyway)!	Thirty Thirty is ideally located - its about a 5 min walk to Empire State Building and roughly 10-15 mins walk to Times Square. The hotel itself is on a fairly quiet street and was very clean and staff were extremely helpful. We arrived early at the hotel and our room was ready so we checked straight in. We had a superior room - which was a decent size with dressing table area, 2 armchairs and a nice modern bathroom with shower and bath, also coffee making facilities and cd player. Our friends had a standard room and theirs was much smaller with literally a bed and wardrobe so would definitely pay extra to upgrade to superior room. There is a good bar across the road &quot;Crooked Knife&quot; which was always busy, with good priced drinks and food, also there is a California Pizza Kitchen 2 mins at end of the road. We got cabs down to Greenwich Village and they were only $8 - 10 so this gives you a kind of idea of the good central location of the hotel. All in all, I would say that this is a good clean hotel, with good facilities and an ideal location. It was also reasonably priced compared to some other hotels (with less glowing reviews!) that I found. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Choice !!!	Great location, just close to everything you want to see in NY (walking distance to Midtown, the Central Park, Broadway, Chelsea, West Village and Murray Hill). Nice, comfortable and clean room (view to the Empire States!!). It is also very close to metro stations. Many deli around (the best for us was the one located over 30th and 5th Avenue). I would strongly recommend this hotel and stay again !!	
Apr 17 2009 	Great base in NYC	I went to NYC for a 3 night break with my boyfriend in February. We found Thirty Thirty online and was easy enough to book. Was a little concerned with some negative reviews we read but figured the last place we'd be in New York was in the hotel! Our flight was delayed from Heathrow and we were concerned that the staff would think we weren't going. A quick phonecall rectified that and when we checked in many hours later than expected there were no problems. Staff were friendly and polite.We had booked a superior room and it was just what we wanted. A big comfy bed, couple of lounge chairs and a little table with a TV. The sink and mirror was in the main bedroom and the toilet and shower found in the en suite.There was a hair dryer, ironing board, iron and free safe in the room also. It did however smell of cigarette smoke (we wondered whether people were actually living in the hotel and if it was filtering through as we never saw anyone smoking). The walls were on the thin side but didn't bother either of us as we wanted to be up early to see the sights. The hotel was centrally located with most things within walking distance. To walk to the end of the block and look up to see the Empire State Building was amazing. We did avoid the restaurant attached to the hotel after reading some reviews on here, and was spoilt for choice for good cheap food. Please go and eat at The Crooked Knife opposite thirty thirty. The atmosphere in the bar was great and the food was reasonably priced and tasty. That and the bar staff will make you any cocktail you want.There is a concierge based in the hotel's reception area who is available for those who are unsure what they want to do. We didn't use him as we had a guide book and did a lot of research before we went.We paid the basic $45 plus tolls and tips from JFK in a yellow cab and the hotel booked us a cab for our return trip so we knew how much time we had left in the city. Our suitcases were kept in the storage facility and the bell hop was polite and helpful. Overall, a great trip. Would go back again definitely.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great location!!	Stayed here for four nights in Feb/march 2009. The hotel is about 3 minutes walk from the Empire State building and ideally located for reaching everything on foot. The hotel itself is clean, well presented and 3 star is about right. Four nights for £300 in heart of NY is great value.There is a pub opposite called the Crooked knife where the atmosphere is great and food very good. It seems to be used by all sorts on their way home from the office. They put complimentary spicy chicken wings and bowls of home made chips on the tables on a thursday and friday between 5 and 7. They are delicious!My only moan about staying here was when I used the porter to order a taxi to get to the airport. He was very polite but he obviously has a thing going with his mate who turned up in his range rover and took us to the airport. he was not a licensed taxi driver and in hindsight, I should not have got into the vehicle. Fore-warned is fore-armed!Other than that, highly recommended and when I return, I shall stay here again.	
Apr 15 2009 	Comfortable and ideally placed midtown hotel	We had 4 nights here and it was just what we wanted. There was nothing spectacular about the hotel, but it was clean, the rooms were small but perfectly adequate and the staff helpful . We were actually upgraded for the first night from the standard room. Although the more expensive room was bigger, we found the bathroom was smaller than the standard. Plus, the standard room was quieter through being on the side of the building.It was in a good location for walking both up and downtown - based on Thirty and Madison we were very close to the Empire State, Times Square and Grand Central. Suggest getting the bus into town from JFK - $54 dollars return for 2 is great as this takes you to Grand central where you transfer to car to take you direct to your hotel and they pick you up from the door for the return. If your going to the theatre, suggest 39 Steps - they've turned it into a comedy and its fantastic. Also try the rooftop bar on 230 5th Avenue - brilliant views of the midtown area. Best grub - they were all good but particular metion must go to Grimaldis pizza just across the Brooklyn Bridge and Tortilla Flats in Greenwich.	
Apr 14 2009 	Excellent Location very clean -would recommend and will def stay again	Excellent Location -clean, comfortable and cosy rooms. Walking distance to Times Square, Grand Central Station &amp; Empire State. Staff helpful and not in your face which was great!Really good restaurants and bars in the vacinity -our favourite was Crocked Knife (directly opposite) and Foley's which were vibrant, friendly and great value for money.Dont listen to other reviews -especially if you want to use the room as base and get out and see the city! The Hotel was great and perfect for our needs -will be going back and would recommend!	
Apr 12 2009 	Good for a base in New York	I was extremely nervous about staying at Hotel 3030. I am a young woman travelling by myself and some of the reviews I read of this hotel were just awful. I arrived at the hotel with no expectations at all and I was pleasently surprised. This hotel is a 3* and I think a lot of people forget this, 3* means it won't be the Marriot. I had requested a room on a higher floor-which I got. I had a single room, which was small but nice. The bathroom was very nice and had amazing granite (or a granite substitute on the floor and in the shower). There was a lock on the door and a safe. There were a few things that could have been replaced in the room -like the carpet and the grouting in the bathroom was a bit odd, the sheets were not matching, and the quilt had a sheet as a cover instead of a quilt cover but apart from that the place was perfect for a base in NY. The staff were not overly friendly and one in particular was unhelpful. There is a small resturant attached to the hotel-I had bfast there and there is a lovely irish pub across the way which does some very good food. The best description I can give this hotel is its like good student accommodation-its fine but not the Waldorf!	
Apr 10 2009 	Ideal hotel ideal loacation very clean and very helpful staff	Service first class 4 people in our party had booked two twin rooms but when we arrived only one twin bed available a folding bed was immediately sent to the double room and a new room twin bed was allocated the next day and requests were dealt with at once by very pleasant staff. Room ok beds clean and very comfortable. Location first class for all the tourists attractions only 4 streets from Empire State Building which could be seen from some bedrooms. Nothing I didn't like about this hotel and already planning another trip next year and will be booking this hotel again	
Apr 4 2009 	Ideally located	We stayed at thirty thirty for two nights at the end of March. The hotel is ideally located to explore Manhattan fully. The Empire State Building is no more than a 10 min walk as is Grand Central Station &amp; Madison Sq Gardens...if there is a negative to be noted it is the attitude of the staff on the front desk. I am kinda thinking they may have flunked out of charm school...but do not let this put you off the hotel is great with a lovely bar/restaurant directly opposite called the Crooked Knife...food was lovely there and reasonably priced. Subway station on 33rd Street just around the corner opens up the whole of Manhattan but we walked to most places...Central Park 30 mins....Times Sq 15 mins.	
Apr 2 2009 	Hotel Thirty Thirty is conveniently located and accommodating	The hotel is located just off Park Ave, where you can catch the subway to anywhere at 28th Street. My room was a standard in the back, in the corner on the eleventh floor so I had a great view of the New York Life Building from my window. The room was small, but clean. I brought my own travel coffee maker, there wasn't one in the room. TV mounted up high on wall, which I don't care for, but when in New York, it doesn't matter. I didn't purchase the hotel's internet access (expensive) but was able to connect via wireless to one of several unsecured networks. Comfy bed, nice bath. No vanity, desk, or table (except night stands.) Booked on Hotwire for $97 plus taxes/night.	
Apr 2 2009 	Excellent location and a decent place to stay	So long as you don't have expectations that the Thirty Thirty will somehow add to the experience of your stay in NY, this is an acceptable place to stay. Reading previous reviews, we made sure we booked a larger room and also confirmed this prior to arriving. We paid about $170 USD inclusive of taxes and breakie... and I wouldn't really want to pay more. Our room was large with a king bed, very modest - only 1 mirror, no in-suite bar, no coffeee-maker, but there was an iron. Front-desk staff rather surly, but with some charm and smiles we had them helping us out with early check-ins and an extra breakfast. Room cleanliness, despite other reviews, was actually fine. We heard several complaints from other guests about errors with bookings and very small rooms. The hotel attracts budget travelers --- english blokes drunk in the hallways, school groups, europeans, and young couples. It is a very European-feeling hotel - including the electro-pop trash music blaring over breakfast in the cafe. Advise getting a larger room, confirming your reservation in advance and only stay if the price is right.	
Mar 31 2009 	Grand	Reading peoples reviews I have to say i was a bit nervous going over. The lobby is large and ugly. The staff are very unpolite, the man at the desk didn't give us any information whatsoever i.e. check out time what floor the room was on or even how to get to the room. The hotel is a little grubby alright. The room was perfect for myself and my girlfriend. The view wasn't the best but it was quiet, clean, the bed was unbelievably comfortable and the bathroom was clean too. Our beds were made every morning and the sheets were clean. I'd definately recommend this hotel for a short budgeted stay in NY. Does the job. It's grand.	
Mar 29 2009 	rename this hotel dirty dirty	We booked this hotel for the location and on the recommendation from the travel agent .We had been adivsed before we traverlled and wished now that we had changed the hotel. We were given a room at the back of the hotel ,it was very very small and dirty .with wall paper hanging off, frayed carpets, scuffed skirting boards ,and the bath room was no better. Nothing about the hotel felt clean and the staff weren't very helpful. This was the worse hotel we have ever stayed in and for the price we payed we would of got a five star hotel in the uk .	
Mar 29 2009 	Like visiting a railway station with basic accommodation	We only stayed two nights while we were waiting to visit relatives in Upper West Manhattan. I have never seen such an enormous reception area, so underused and so unfriendly - a few uncomfortable chairs along one wall and that was really it. We waited nearly a quarter of an hour to get booked in, as there was only one man on duty and the gentleman in front of us had a problem. There was no friendly New York welcome, as we had from our taxi driver (please note those who paid more that it should only be $45 plus tolls from JFK). Our room was small and the bathroom tiny with the washbasin in the bedroom!! Not great if you prefer to clean your teeth in private. On the plus side, the sheets and towels were changed for the second night. It was just about OK but we wouldn't go there again. The cafe next door served expensive breakfasts but we opted for the convenience.	
Mar 28 2009 	Disappointing	We stopped here 2 nights and had similar experiences to other recent reviews. Positives - great location for Empire State and Times Square. The room was small but actually clean and although showing signs of ageing, was adequate for the price paid. Disappointing aspects were the restaurant / bar attached to the hotel where the staff added 50% service charge to the bill. When challenged they said it was an error with the calculator and accepted the standard 15% that we were prepared to pay. Having read other reviewers comments since returning, I now wonder if the calculator excuse was genuine... the reception staff and the Bell hop were unhelpful. They were only keen to quote their own overpriced means of transport to get around the city. We were quoted $120-140 for a transfer to Newark when a yellow cab (who the hotel said wouldn't do it)quoted $70. When the yellow cab turned up, the Bell Hop tried to talk the driver out of taking us in favour of his own transport. We had to load our own bags on and he then had the cheek to demand a tip and then attempted to increase the fee we had negotiated with the cab driver. To say we were furious was an understatement. Our yellow cab driver was so embarrassed and apologised to us, as visitors to his beloved city. That restored our faith with New Yorkers and was given a generous tip! Our impression was that the staff at the hotel merely saw us as cash machines. We could not recommend this hotel to anyone who values customer service.	
Mar 27 2009 	A convenient base for exploring NYC. Basic but adequate.	This hotel is fine as long as you're only using it as a place to sleep and wash before heading out for another adventure. As tourists, this is all my wife and I were looking for and this is what we got. Yes, the room was tiny but as long as the bed was comfy, which it was, we didn't need much else. The sink was also in the bedroom not the bathroom!!The hotel is conveniently located for access to the flurry of activity that is Times Square and also far enough south to take a strole to the more characterful downtown. The staff weren't the most helpful, it must be said. When I asked the concierge to contact our transfer company I was told that the hotel didn't 'deal with that provider'..... 'So then what are you for?!' I thought.So, in summary; has all the basics but only the basics.	
Mar 21 2009 	Terrible	I hate to say this about any hotel but this is the worst that I have ever stayed in. On arrival they tried to put us in a room that was already occupied then we had to hang around for another for ages. We were then put into a smoking room that you could not swing a cat in, that stunk of cigarette smoke, had no doors on the wardrobe, had not been cleaned, tiles falling off of walls. When a complaint was made to the front desk it appeared to be such a trail for them to have to do anything about it. We finally got given another room which was only everso slightly bigger, still smelt of smoke slightly but by now all we wanted to do was sleep. On inspection in the morning the carpet was falling to pieces, there was a hole in the ceiling in the bathroom. We got no further with the front desk. Thank goodness that we only had to stay 3 nights! The only good thing to say about it was its location as it was realatively central.	
Mar 20 2009 	poor service	stayed here with 7 friends for 5 nights...got a great deal in Jan when booking. all i can say is that we're all glad it was so cheap! rooms small which is fair enough but the bathroom was grubby in our room and our friends'.service was terrible.if you are requesting something like towels/extra blanket be prepared to ring reception 3 or more times. service in the bar next door was worse. we were there 3 times once before heading to the St.Patricks parade and twice in the evening for late drinks..on all occasions the service was incredibly SLOW. unbelievably slow...so frustrating to have ordered a drink and watch the bartender go back to her friend at the end of the bar and continue her chat!	
Mar 17 2009 	You get what you pay for....	I am in NY frequently for business and have stayed at this hotel twice in the last few months. The location is great, the service is non-existant. The front desk will do pretty much anything to avoid conversing, let alone helping. I had an &quot;executive suite&quot; both visits. The lighting in the rooms was so bad, I had to take a shade off a lamp and carry it from room to room. This is one of the dirtiest hotels in NY, that I have ever stayed in. Both of the bathrooms had a mildew problem and the dirt and dust in the vents above were shocking. Carpet and furniture is quite worn. I will admit I did get a screaming deal on these rooms, but I will pay more in the future to sleep in a clean and safe environment.	
Mar 13 2009 	Don't trust in this hotel	This hotel is incredibly terrible! First of all, I booked a standart room with my boyfriend and when we arrived our room was occupied. Instead of giving us a better room, they gave us a SINGLE ROOM, with a single bed for two people, after being exhausted of a long trip. The joking hadn't finished there. I'd never seen so terrible service. The doorman spent all the time looking us while we were carrying our bags. The attendance was totally stupid and inneficient. In the last day (thank god!), we paid the &quot;good price&quot; hotel in my boyfriend's credit card. However, surprise! My credit card, that i used for booking, was charged too, without my authorization. I saw that some days later, when my bill came and I was in my country. No receipt for this fee, no information, nothing! How can we stay in a hotel that we can't trust? You'd better pay some cents more and have no headache later, that's my advise and what i learned.	
Mar 13 2009 	Excellent Price	A good deal all things considered. The hotel was great - the restaurant however was awful. Prices on the bill were higher than those on the menu and a service charge for a party of two? Scandalous. The server probably needed that extra money to buy charm lessons.	
Mar 3 2009 	Perfect for travellers on a budget	Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights over the weekend. The first night it has to be said was awful. We arrived at 9pm very tired from a long haul flight to an extremely basic hotel over looking a noisy 29th street. The walls were paper thin and we could hear some man talking on his mobile phone from 2am until 4am. I dont think we slept a wink. The next morning at 7am we asked to be moved to the middle of the hotel where we did not face the street and side up to a building site. The staff obliged without question. When we arrived back that afternoon we were delighted to see that we had been 'upgraded' to a much nicer room. The bathroom was a lot bigger and the room had more about it. The first room did not even have a picture on the wall to make it feel cosy. This hotel gets a very good from me because of the cleanliness, the location and the value. Its nothing fancy at all but I could not fault it for what we wanted. There is a restaurant attached to the hotel called Zana. The breakfast is nice but we did'nt try anything else. The Crooked Knife directly across the road does a lovely brunch and if you are arriving late the first night like we did, there is a nice pizza place at the end of the street called Californial pizza. If I went again, I would try and spend morning time eating and drinking in the West Village at night. We went on the last night and loved it. Next time!	
Mar 1 2009 	Only if you get an Excellent Deal	I stayed at Thirty Thirty for eight nights in February. I spent the first 4 nights in a Standard Room (I was in town for a conference) and the next four nights in Superior Room (once my partner joined me). Appearance: The hotel is not rundown, but it is worn looking. It needs cosmetic attention – new paint, the carpets need to be professionally cleaned, etc. Also, some of the renovations were not well done – for example, the seams of the baseboards don’t match up. It’s not as though these things are going to make or break your stay, it’s just a small thing you notice when you realize how much choice there is for hotels in NYC and you wonder if you made the right one. The bathrooms in both rooms looked to be “newly” renovated – within the last 5 years – but it looked like there was mould on the floor of the second one. The rooms look okay, but they are completely lacking in character. I wonder who the “decorator” was – there is no art on the walls (maybe that’s a good thing!) and my first room, because it was small, felt very institutional. Size: The Standard Room I was in was pretty tiny. No sink in the bathroom – it was beside the bed. The tv was hung on the wall, so the only way you could watch it was by lying in bed. It was an outward facing room on the 10th floor, so there was constant night traffic sounds. By comparison, my Superior Room was inward facing on the 12th floor – terrible view, but very quiet as it cut out the traffic noise. I felt very confined in the first room, even for as little time as I was spending there. The Superior Room was twice the size of the Standard Room, so you didn’t feel like you were suffocating. [And because I don’t know where else to put it, the lock on the bathroom door in my first room was faulty and I actually got locked in it for about 5 minutes one night following my shower. I was able to work on the lock and jiggle it free, but I had terrible visions of having to scream for help in my towel – I stopped shutting the door after that!]Cleanliness: Well, I was most thankful not to see any bugs after some of the reviews I had read. The beds were made and towel were restocked, and, happily, the carpet was vacuumed, but other things were missed. The coffee maker in the room, for example, wasn’t cleaned. We drank coffee before leaving and my partner left his coffee cup on the bedside table with about a quarter inch of coffee in the bottom – it was still there when we came back at 11 that night. If this is outside the scope of their cleaning, fine, but most hotels are usually more thorough when they clean the room. Also, I found that the cleaning varied by floor and by night, so it seems to depend on who is working. The 10th floor was cleaner than the 12th in terms of the housekeeping. But, the 10th floor also smelled like cigarette smoke. Staff: The people at the front desk weren’t unfriendly, but they weren’t particularly friendly either – although this varied among the person working. They answered questions, but with a couple of them it felt like an inconvenience when you were asking them. By comparison, I stayed at the Chancellor Hotel in San Francisco last year and the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. When there’s so much choice for places to stay, something like customer service can really make a difference. The manager was unhelpful/ unfriendly when we asked him a question. BUT, I was able to check in early on the Saturday I arrived, so that was really nice. Location: Pretty good location. Right near the subway (Park) and there are 3 deli/groceries nearby, which are open late or all night. If you’re walking back from Time Square late, stick to Madison or Park and 34th, some of the other little streets aren’t well lit. That said, at no time did I feel uncomfortable or unsafe walking alone. We ate one breakfast at the hotel restaurant. It was a little pricey in comparison to nearby places, but the food and service were good. Price: In a way, if price is an issue for you too, it all comes down to this. We got fantastic deals. I paid $104 per night for the Standard Room and we paid $118 per night for the Superior Room. If I had paid anything more than that, I would have been really upset with the hotel. Our rooms were booked in December. The website prices for the same rooms are currently more than double what we paid and I can’t imagine paying that much for what we got. But, maybe they save the really nice rooms for people who pay more!Would I return? Probably not unless I got the same deal and then only in the Superior Room as the Standard Room was way too small.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great Place to Stay	Our room was updated, very clean, and the location was good. I do recommend this hotel and plan to stay there again. The only negatives are 1 - that one of the front desk clerks knew nothing about the vicinity, and 2-the attached restaurant is overpriced and the breakfast muffin was very dry, and 3- trash pickup &amp; horns after midnight (take ear plugs as I would recommend for any NYC hotel).	
Feb 26 2009 	Great location good hotel for the price.	I stayed here for 3 nights in Feb. 2009. The hotel is excellently located and very accessible to the subway. My room was quite small however it was clean and met my needs just fine. I had limited dealings with the staff, just check-in and check-out but found them to be pleasant. My only complaint was that the bathroom smelled of cigarette smoke which seemed to come from the ventilation. I appreciated having wireless internet in the room. I would stay here again on my next trip to NYC.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great base for exploring New York	I stayed in Thirty Thirty last year and although it's not the Ritz, we found it clean and comfortable. the rooms aren't huge but we were hardly in them as there is so much to do in the city. The staff were polite and helped me to organsie a transfer to the airport on my departure. The bathroom was clean and a decent size. On the ground floor was a really nice pizzeria/restaurant. The location is excellent- walking distance to the Empire Stares Building and Central Park. Don't hesitate to book if you want a good value central hotel.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great Value - Good location	We booked this hotel with a great rate given the location. In reading some of the bad reviews a was a little worried but there were enough good ones that we figured we'd take the risk. We were not disappointed. It was a fine hotel. Nothing spectacular but clean enough and great value. The staff were helpful. Our room was not large but comfortable enough. The view was the most disappointing however we did not stay in our rooms for much of the time so it didn't matter. Great location - close to the subway line.	
Feb 22 2009 	Clean centrally located hotel I would definitely recommend	Our room was small but that's what we were expecting - the main thing was that it was clean. We were provided with a safe which was great for storing passports and currency. Room was cleaned/tidied every day, although we had to ask for some things to be replenished at reception, eg loo roll and shampoo. But overall we were really impressed with this hotel, especially as it's so close to the main attractions, especially the Empire State Building and Macy's. Also close to subway routes, and a 2-minute walk from the fabulous Les Halles brasserie. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Feb 20 2009 	Great staff definitely a good hotel don't worry!	I first booked the Hotel Thirty Thity because I wanted somewhere in Mid Town but at a low price, yet still offering nice rooms! From the website I decided just to go for it, as I couldn't find any better offers, and it looked absolutely fine to me. Holidays in New York are never all about the hotel anyway! I later was browsing through trip adviser, reading some reviews to check out what people thought. Although the good were good, the bad seemed very bad, this left me feeling pretty worried. When the taxi pulled up to the hotel I thought what is all the fuss about, Maybe the awning over the front door was a little tatty, but apart from that I could see the Zana restaurant looked nice and the souvenir would be the perfect place to pick up some camera batteries. The crocked knife across the road I saw immediately, it really is across the road and is great for a quick beer, as is Rosie O'… on 46th street. The hotel entrance seemed like any other nice hotel and the internet was perfect for checking in the day before we left. When we checked in everything ran smoothly, and I pretty much decided only fuss pots complained on trip adviser, We had a family room and it was pretty big. There were even two armchairs at one end! The Plasma scene TV and the coffee machine in the room were great. And the big bathroom with the huge shower was great. The Hotel Thirty Thirty was fine, and if you have booked here you really do have nothing to worry about. If its lush awnings over the doorway you're after, maybe don't come here but for a great hotel, close to fifth ave and many tourist hot spots it's great. There is a good doorman who takes care of your stuff on your last day to, and gets you a cab to the airport. The people on reception are great to, they even book your tickets for you! They got us SATC tours for the same day!	
Feb 18 2009 	Would stay at this hotel again	Me and my boyfriend have just returned from a long weekend in New York and stayed at the Thirty Thirty. The taxi from JFK was $55 which included the toll and a tip. When I booked the hotel I asked for a quiet room on a high floor and we were pleased to have been given a room on the 11th floor which was very quiet and had a large bathroom with a shower and a bath. The bed was very comfy and the room was cleaned daily with fresh towels etc. On checking you need to either give your credit card details or $50 dollars and this will be refunded when you check out (as long as you don't use the phone or internet). We arrived at the hotel early, check in is at 3pm so we left our bags with reception as we wanted to explore the city. The hotel is 2/3 blocks away from the Empire State building and Maddison Square. It is a really good location. There is a nice restaurant/bar across the road called the Crocked Knife, the food is reasonably priced and the staff are friendly. On checking out we left our bags with the porter as we didn't need to leave for the airport until 6pm. The porter also arranged for a taxi to pick us up ( a black one not a yellow cab), this was $60 which incuded a tip. It saved the hassle of hailing one from outside which you could have done. I think this service is done on the side though, so you may have to ask about this away from the reception staff. Overall we would stay at this hotel again for its price and location.	
Feb 17 2009 	great base for never to be forgoton holiday	Just back from a week at thirty thirty hotel on 16 feb 09. would recommend this place as hotel was clean ,felt safe and situated slap bang in the centre of manhatten ,easy walking distance to uptown and downtown. Staff were friendly and efficient , had a problem with a toilet cistern which flushed itself randomly this was fixed promptly and we were offered another room if it couldnt be fixed quickly.Room was on small side but more than enough space for me and my shopaholic wife to sleep and store our ever expanding purchases ,other than sleeping or getting ready to go out didnt spend much time in room as so much to do and see.Room had cable tv ,coffee perculator, hairdryer and iron/board. Maid service daily.lots of places to eat at , loved a little place called Tasty on Madison ave less than one minute walk , breakfasted ther daily and planned our day. Holiday was to celebrate my 40th birthday, i was expecting a lot from N.Y. and it didnt let us down,was a holiday of a lifetime .fave places top of the rock ,central park ,statue of liberty and the soho and greenwich village areas. Top tip wear comfy boots!	
Feb 15 2009 	Best in Show!	We were in town for the Westminster Kennel Cub dog show and looked for a dog friendly hotel. We hit a winner with the 30/30! The deluxe family room was huge and very clean. The hotel personel were friendly and very helpful. The location is awesome and close to everything! There is a wonderful dog park three blocks to the south. I would highly recommend the hotel and plan to go there again.	
Feb 14 2009 	Yuck	The only positive thing about this hotel is the location. The rooms are very small and smell awful. I had to keep a candle burning just to mask the smell. The beds are small and uncomfortable. The bathrooms are tiny and dated. Nothing about the room felt clean. The front desk personnel are unfriendly and inept. They checked me into a room that I was to share with a co-worker and it had only 1 bed. When I brought it to their attention, they said I was mistaken. They finally gave me another room which had 2 beds but was just as small and smelled just as bad as the original room. Be sure you go to the front desk to check out in person since apparently this is the only hotel left that doesn't do an automatic check-out and slip your bill under the room door. If you fail to check out in person by noon, they will charge your card for an additional day. Keep your fingers crossed that their computers aren't 'down' when you go to check out. I will never stay here again nor will I recommend it to anyone I like.	
Feb 13 2009 	Very Noisy! Will Never Stay There Again	During my first visit a few weeks ago, the fire alarm went off for 45 minutes at 1:00 am on a Saturday. (There was no fire or even smoke anywhere in the hotel, the desk staff told me the next day.) It went on and off for an hour after that.On a second (and last) visit, there was construction going on in many rooms of the hotel. I was moved when I complained, but the second room was next to another room next door to construction. At this point I gave up and moved to another hotel the next day.The desk personnel are pleasant mostly, but a balding guy (Kyriades ?) is kind of dim-witted. Perhaps a full barrel of caffeine would improve his level of alertness.	
Feb 12 2009 	"Excellent Location"	Arriving at the airport we were approached by quiet a few drivers looking to take us into the city in there private shuttles. The airport advise you not to avail of these services. After a long flight from dublin with a five hour delay i wasnt bothered who took me and my family to the hotel. I asked one of the drivers for his I.D and he showed me. He charged 15 dollars each( there was 5 of us) , so altogether 75 dollars, 90 with tip. His shuttle car was very comfortable and got us to our hotel in 45 minutes.HOTELFirst impressions of the hotel are poor. Looks quiet run down from the outside, but so are most old buildings in New York. The reception is very nice, very clean and spacious. A porter took our luggage off us straight away and waited with us until we checked in. Check in went smoothly. We were ask to produce our credit cards as a holding fee for any extra charges, which is normal in any hotel. However we didnt have credit cards and were asked to give 50 dollars instead per room which was refunded at the end of our stay. The porter kindly brought our bags to the two rooms we had booked for the 4 nights with a tip of 5 dollars.ROOMSMyself and my girlfriend were given a small but comfortable double room (404), with a front facing street view. The bed was extremely comfortable. Bathroom was very clean with a good shower. This room was perfect for the both of us. Towels were provided every day and room was cleaned everyday if need. We left the do not disturb sign on the door one of the days while we were out in the city and room wasn't cleaned. Our fault nobody else's. My parents and brother had a triple family room on the 11th floor (1138) This room was excellent. Sofa bed as you entered the room with a dressing table and tv, all in a separate living area. Bedroom was opposite with a plasma tv on the wall and a cd player beside the bed. Bed was a super king bed, huge!!! Bathroom was really nice and modern, standard of a 5* hotel. Breakfast in the hotel is terrible. Service was very poor. Plenty of little diners on maddison avenue to eat instead of here.We ate out every night in different restaurants, plenty to choose from. The closer to time square the more expensive it is to eat. Across the road from hotel is the crooked knife bar and restaurant. This was nice but there is nicer out there in the city. Was great for a quiet drink (pint miller 3 dollars)!!!!!!If you want to see all of manhattan make sure to do the hop-on hop-off bus. It will take you around the city up town and down town, were you can jump off at any stop. Buses pass by every ten minutes for you to jump back on. Stops at empire state, time square, china town, greenwich village, soho, ground zero, central park and many more. On our return to the airport we made the mistake of booking a car and driver from the porter and were charged 110 dollars. We all wanted to travel together in one car. The yellow cabs will take you to and from the airport for 45 dollars flat fare. I would recommend this hotel as a base for your stay, great location, great bed, great family rooms!	
Feb 10 2009 	Reserved at first...!	After reading other reviews I went to New York with doubts about my hotel booking!When arriving at the hotel I wasn't too keen on the up keep of the street but the hotel did stand out. We where placed on the 6th floor into a spacious room, only problem was there was no storage and the bathroom was awful! The room was spotless, don't get me wrong and it wasn't small but it looked nothing like the photo's and was going by all the bad reviews I'd read previously.The location of the hotel is good (not for Central Park and your feet!) and I felt really safe walking around at night. The beer we found to be expensive but at the bar across the road (Crooked Knife) has Miller on tap for $3 so that was the drink of choice!In the end I sent my partner downstairs to chat up the receptionist and get our room changed as I couldn't take it anymore! They where every helpful and we moved within minutes of letting them know our issues (the dreaded bathroom!). The room they moved us too was great, a lot bigger and a great view of the Empire State Builing - I was as happy as anything! If all the rooms are similar to the one we stayed in then I would recommend the hotel highly.We didn't have tea or coffee facilities but a Starbucks and Subtletea round the corner was just as easy and the bathroom was small but so clean and had plenty of storage. All in all, (in the end) I was pleased with the hotel, I suggest if you have any problems with your room, ask to change, as we where there for a week it was definately worth it!	
Feb 7 2009 	Clean and Comfortable	After having read the reviews on this website was very worried as to what we would find upon our arrival at Thirty Thirty. I'm actually very concerned as to what people expect of a 2 star hotel in the CENTRE of New York. This hotel was clean, comfortable and pleasant. I must admit when we pulled up outside I had my reservations, but upon entering and getting our room I wondered what all the complaints were about!! Our room was not big it was cosy, it has all the facilities we needed including coffee maker the only thing missing was a bath which after a full 12 hour day of walking a bath would have been good, but hey its only for a few days.The bar in the hotel is very very expensive, it cost $23 for 2 bacardi and cokes and not doubles either!!! We used the pub over the road for our evening meal the Crooked Knife, great food and great service a real friendly bunch. Again the food was really good and the drink was much cheaper in fact it was $12 cheaper than the hotel. If your looking for a great breakfast we'd recommend the Murray Hill Diner on 34th St, Lexington Ave. It really is good grub and good prices too. All in all the hotel was a good base if your looking for somewhere plush with all the amenities, dont stay here, on the other hand if your looking for somewhere clean and warm and comfortable, and extremely central, go for it!!!!! After all if there is a problem, you can complain and get it sorted cant you?	
Feb 5 2009 	Worst Hotel I've Stayed At	Can't we give a ZERO star rating?????I understand that New York hotels are supposed to be small, but this was ridiculous. The hotel's website should be banned for false advertisement.The room smelled like sewage, the windows didn't close properly (my stay was during a snow storm!), the room was quite old, and the front desk was TERRIBLE! The hotel's employees are unfriendly and they seem quite depressed (somewhat how the room made us feel).Also, the website had a special of free breakfast at the restaurant next door and the front desk girl (named Daniela) did not fix the problem and was rude on top of it all.Don't be fooled. The room/hotel is NOT worth it.	
Feb 3 2009 	brilliant location good room bad service	we went at the end of jan this year, the hotel was a really good location literally 4 blocks from empire state building, 2 blocks from a subway, right on 5th avenue and loads of eating places around us, however, we walked into the hotel after being on a high from a very easy trip through and was confronted with a not so nice surprise from the reception, in a very harsh tone she said we could not have our room unless we paid $250 each person for the room charges, we didnt know this so we refused and she said 'no dollar no room!' again we refused and she slammed the key card on the counter, this was a not so nice start to our holroom was ok, dont expect views, cleanliness was good, location excellent though	
Jan 29 2009 	New York New York! Yeah!	A well located hotel on 30th Street, Manhatten. The rooms were basic, but clean and pleasant. No bath, to the dismay of my good lady, but a very good shower.There are really no other facilities there, pay-per-use internet and a conceirge, but that's about it! The lobby was overly modern ( and overly big), in stone cladding, with helpful reception staff.Use it as a base, not a destination, sleep then get out into the city!	
Jan 26 2009	Hotel Thirty Thirty - Would use again!	I did have some concerns about this hotel prior to my stay on 19th January 2009. But upon my return, I can happily say it was a thoroughly enjoyable experience!I had emailed the manager in October 2008 asking for a room upgrade &amp; he agreed to upgrade my room to a superior room for free. When I arrived at the hotel to check in, they had no notes of a room upgrade. Thankfully I had brought the email with me, and after speaking with the manager our room was upgraded to a deluxe room,....FREE OF CHARGE! The room was outstanding. We had 2 double beds, a sofa, desk &amp; chair &amp; a massive bathroom with double shower.The heating is noisy &amp; on the first night it did wake me up when it kicked in, but after that I simply switched it off when we went to bed. It worked very well &amp; our room was always lovely &amp; warm.The maid service was impeccable. We had clean towels every day &amp; at no point can I complain about the cleanliness. We also had the New York Post left outside our room everyday which was a nice touch.The room was very quiet &amp; we had a front facing room, but couldn't hear any noise from outside. The large lobby had 3 computers &amp; payphones so it was easy to keep in touch with home.The staff in general were very nice, but one of the porters seemed to take it very personally that we didn't book our return car to the airport via him, but instead via the reception desk. The car cost $73 but the service was fantastic. We also had to pay a deposit of $50 upon arrival at the hotel which we hadn't previously been made away of.The location was excellent, 10 minutes from 5th Ave &amp; about 20 minutes from Times Square. The Crooked Knife opposite served excellent food at very good prices. I am already looking at going again next year &amp; would use this hotel without question!	
Jan 18 2009	Clean and Conveniences	We arrived at the hotel on Jan 2nd late evening. When we checked in, the lady at the desk was apologetic because there was no rooms available for that one night because they were fully booked. So, she down graded our room, which wasn't a problem, because we were too tired to argue and just wanted to get some sleep. She said the room was a little bit smaller and she will change our room tomorrow afternoon which we both thought &quot;fine&quot; and offered us free complimentary &quot;continental breakfast&quot;. When we got into our room, we found out it was for a one single bed and I thought to myself that I am no way going to share a single bed with two people. So, i asked for a foldable bed, which was fine. The room was soooooo tiny that luckily we managed to squeeze the foldable bed in. The bathroom was a weird oddly presented, very small in deed. The heater in the room did not work at all. Asked for help to fix it, once it was fixed it turned off again. It was soooooo cold that during the middle of the night I had to jump into the single bed with my cousin for heat.Next day, checked out from the single room for a room change, but this time the room wasn't made up, smell of damp shower, bed was not made, towels on the floor, at this point I was not very happy, organisation was really bad and lack of communications between staff. But we managed to check into another room, but this time it was &quot;ready made&quot;. It was clean, that's all I cared about. What I found strange is that there is no sink in the bathroom, the sink was situated in the sleeping area, next to my bed, but the main thing was that it was clean, comfortable, cosy and felt very safe in the hotel. It was a shame that they didn't re fill out coffee station and plastic cups everyday.Overall nice hotel, but I dont think I would like to come back! Location was great. 10 to 15 minutes walk to Madison Square Gardens. We used the subway a lot. Shopping was good.	
Jan 17 2009 	Great Hotel Great Value!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Thirty Thirty Hotel in Jan 2009 and we were very impressed with the place. After reading a number of mixed reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect. We arrived VERY early (10 am) and the front desk attendant, Daniela, was outstanding... she offered us a room right away even though check in wasnt for several hours!! We happily accepted it and once we arrived at the room, I was somewhat shocked at how small it was, but I didn't come to NY for the hotel room... The bathroom was nice and spacious. Throughout our stay, our room was made up daily and we were given fresh towels everyday =] LOVED THAT! When we requested an ice bucket for our room, it was taken care of immediately... we had no issues AT ALL staying here and I would absolutely return, we got an incredible deal for a hotel that was VERY VERY close to everything- walking distance to Times Square and great shopping!!!	
Jan 12 2009 	O K place to stay good location	Group of us went to this hotel for a New Year Break. Rooms varied from small to a cupboard. Bathrooms varied too. Clean rooms, beds comfortable, service Ok but one porter a bit too ready with his hand out! Little storage space and nowhere to put bags. Desk servcie good and helpful . Heating very noisy!! Bar restaurant attached is expensive, try Tasty across on Maddison, great breakfasts and good service. Lunch good too and not expensive. The Crooked Knife opposite is good for Dinner, good food good service. The hotel is well placed for Metro and walking in Manhatten. Ok but could all do with a refurb!	
Jan 11 2009 	Basic NYC hotel perfect for location not for luxury!	After reading reviews I was very worried our travel agent booked us this hotel as part of our honeymoon package within our budget, to the caribbean and new york! However we did say we wanted luxury in the Caribbean and budget hotel in New York.The hotel's standard rooms are small but for 3 days we only spent a few hours in total in the room asleep. Out from breakfast til the evening.Because you are so close to everything - we would drop off our shopping and pop back out again.If you are looking for luxury and views then don't stay here but if you want an easy base away from the noise, hussle and bustle and traffic then STAY here!	
Jan 10 2009 	great hotel	I was worried about this hotel after reading so many bad reviews but we were pleasantly suprised. The hotel is well located, clean, modern and the staff couldnt do enough for us. I will return to this hotel on our next trip to new york.	
Jan 8 2009 	Great hotel at a great value!	We stayed at this hotel the weekend of December 19-21st. Where do I begin???Location: The location is superb. Being tourists, we arrived by train at Grand Central Station and jumped in a cab to get to the hotel (as it was after 10:00 pm and we had alot of luggage to carry). The cab ride took about 5 minutes and cost $3.50. The location was amazing! Just blocks from the Empire State Building (where you can catch one of the many tourist trolleys that travel the city). There is also a great little restaurant right across the street called the Crooked Knife. I highly recommend it.Rooms: We booked a standard room at a rate of about $175.00 per night which was a steal compared to the other hotels we looked at in the Manhattan area. The room was tiny with just a bed and two end tables but perfect for us. The bathroom had a shower (no tub), and toilet. The sink was in the area of the room where the bed was and was easily accessible. There was also a coffeepot on the counter. The TV had plenty of channels to browse through while relaxing before bed. Speaking of the bed...it was so comfortable! It truly made for a wonderful nights sleep. If you're looking for a spacious and luxurious room, this is not for you. However, if you're looking for a clean, safe place to relax and get a good nights sleep this is perfect.Staff: The staff was wonderful. The doorman practically ran to the cab to greet us and take our luggage as it was snowing pretty hard. He was very polite and welcomed us to the City. Our check-in was a breeze and we were headed up to our room within a matter of minutes. Housekeeping did a great job of cleaning our room and we always had plenty of towels, washcloths, etc.Overall, I cannot say enough about this hotel. This was our first time in NYC and we are already making plans to return next year and will definitely be staying at the Thirty Thirty. It is a great alternative to the expensive hotels in the Manhattan area. Great for people just looking for a nice place to rest their heads at the end of a fun day of sightseeing.	
Jan 3 2009 	Fantastic Location	We stayed in this hotel over New Year. We found the staff to be polite not that we had much to do with them as we only spoke to the desk when we checked in and out. The doorman was always friendly. The room was not the biggest and was at the back of the hotel so no view, but we went to New york to see the sights not sit in our hotel room. The room was cleaned every day nice clean sheets and towels and the bed was comfy. The location of this hotel was brilliant we walked everywhere didn't need a cab or the subway. we went right down to battery park and right up to Central park it was all within walking distance. walking around we saw all the sights and came across things we wouldn't have seen had we taken cab's everywhere.If you want a great breakfast visit the Murray Hill Diner on lexington Avenue 34th Street. Fantastic holiday brilliant location now planning next trip. wouldn't hesitate to recomend this hotel to anybody who just want's a comfortable place to lay there head after a busy day sight seeing and shopping.	
Dec 19 2008	Nice Hotel Excellent Value	We stayed at the Hotel 30 30 the weekend of Dec. 12th. We booked a superior room through the hotel’s own website and paid $171/nt plus tax (avg for 3 nights). I have done my fair share of traveling and stayed in a wide variety of “accommodations.” I can whole-heartedly recommend this hotel for those on a “budget” in NYC. In fact, the rate we paid for this particular weekend at 30 30 was far less than comparable hotels like POD and LESS than hotels which appeared less aesthetically pleasing AND didn’t even have a private bathroom (i.e. Americana, etc.).I’ll comment on the things that I find important for a budget traveler in NYC (bc I doubt those agonizing between the Ritz and Four Seasons are reading this review)… and like others have said, who goes to NYC to sit in a hotel room??Location: Superb!! Just a couple street south of Macy’s/Empire state area in Midtown. It is on a quiet street 2 blocks (&lt;5 min walk) to a subway station – the green line, 2 stops form grand central, 10-15 min total to times square). There are several places to get breakfast/coffee close by, including starbucks about 20 ft away. Great location!Rooms: We had a superior room which wad a desk, chair, wardrobe w safe and a decent sized bathroom with shower/tub combo and sink in the bathroom itself. The room was small but nicely appointed, modern and CLEAN. The bead was very comfortable and the linens were quite luxurious for a 2 star hotel. There supposedly was internet in the rooms, however ours did not work, and even a call to the service provider never resolved the issue. This was my biggest negative of the hotel. The only other complaint is that in our particular room, the head of the bed was directly in front of the door, which made the hallway noise a bit loud in the mornings. Not all bad… got us up and out of bed (talking 8-9 am here). Put a towel down the last night and didn’t hear a thing. The temperature was very comfortable, your could easily open the windows if needed and there was a heater in the room. Of note, I feel that the website very accurately depicts the hotel. Service: We found it to be friendly. Check in/out went smoothly. They even recommended some good restaurants to us. The maid service did a good job cleaning everyday. Had to ask for more towels once… did have to wait almost 20 minutes for them… so average service.Overall, considering the price we paid and the price of other similar hotels, I feel that Hotel 30 30 is an excellent bargain. It is a nice hotel with an excellent location. It is clean and safe. I recommend it for anyone in the sub $250/night range (at least in mid dec). Biggest negative was that the internet did not work in our room.	
Dec 16 2008 	What a disappointment	We were visiting NY for my husband's 50th birthday and the recent reviews of this hotel gave me hope that I had nothing to worry about. The reality was different. We were in a tiny room at the back of the hotel which I'm sure was only meant to be for single occupancy. There was hardly room to move around and the bathroom consisted of a shower and toilet with the washbasin in the bedroom. The bathroom also reeked of stale tobacco smoke (obviously used by previous occupants to avoid the smoke detectors in the bedroom). There was no rack to put baggage or chair for clothing - we had to use the tiny available floorspace.The housekeeping was poor, insufficient towels, bathroom supplies etc. For 2 days the water in the washbasin ran brown, leaving a sediment in the basin. I understand that work was being undertaken in the area surrounding the hotel but the water in the shower was unaffected! We had to buy bottled water for brushing teeth. The staff were very indifferent about everything we mentioned and said there was nothing they could do. We did not experience any of the helpful, friendly staff mentioned by others except for the very helpful porter. We were just glad to be out so much and not have to spend any time in the room as it did not lend itself to relaxing after such active days. The only plus side, the bed was comfy. At least NY was worth it - the hotel I'm afraid, a big disappointment.	
Dec 13 2008 	Great Location	The room was basic, but we didn't go to New York for the hotel!We had a comfy bed ,wardrobe with a safe and a bathroom half the size of the room. It was clean and tidy.The hotel had internet access and the rooms were very warm, we slept with the window open a jar every night. There was no sirens going all night like some of our friends experienced in other hotels.The hotel was in a great location and we could walk to the empire state building, Times Sq, Macy's and Madison square garden.I would recommend this hotel to family and friends and I would stay there again without hesitation.If you want a large room with great decor and all the comforts of home and you intend on staying in your room for some time then this isn't the hotel for you but as a base it is great!!!	
Dec 12 2008 	Fantastic place!	We have just returned from the Big Apple where we stayed at the Thirty Thirty hotel. I am a fan of Trip Advisor and thought it was time i made my contribution! For anyone staying at this hotel i can say that you have nothing to worry about.We arrived at 1pm and had a swift check in, with staff there to greet you when you arrive and take your bags. The room was nicely decorated and very clean, with all the amenities you need: hairdryer, iron &amp; ironing board, telephone, coffee maker, TV etc.The maid service was fantastic and our room was cleaned daily with fresh clean towels left. We tipped the maid a dollar a day and she always left a thank you note.As for New York.... WOW! I am not a morning person but i was like a kid at xmas and was up out of bed by 5.30 am every morning! There is so much to do, and your feet WILL ache, so make sure you take comfy shoes and lots of warm clothes. We tried to cram as much in as possible:-Views from ESB are amazing - we got there at 8am ish and we avoided all queues, Top of the Rock is fab (we did this at sunset and the views were stunning with all the lights), Brooklyn Bridge, Staten Island Ferry gives you great photo's of the Statue of Liberty and the manhattan skyline but it is VERY cold at this time of year, Greenwich Village for a beer and food - we met lots of friendly people in a bar called Off The Wagon, Times Square is buzzing no matter what time of day or night you go, Macy's &amp; Bloomingdales are a shoppers heaven (make sure you go round Santa Land on the 8th floor of Macys!), Horse &amp; Carriage around Central Park, Rockerfeller Tree.... I could go on and on!!! If you love xmas, this is the place to be. You will have never seen trees and decorations like it. And make sure you go to the Charmin toilets in Times Square - it's the happiest pee i've ever had! We also went to the Radio City Music Hall Xmas Extravaganza. It's a nice show to get you in the festive mood. The dancers were perfection and the back drops etc were outstanding.Everyone told me i would love New York, and they were right - i'd go again tomorrow if i could (but i need to rest my feet a bit 1st!). We didn't once feel unsafe walking around, and everyone you meet in the shops are just so happy. If you're going i'm so jealous, enjoy and HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!	
Dec 12 2008 	Thumbs Up for the 30 30	I have just returned from a stay from the 30 30 and all I have is good comments. I can't understand why some people complain, is it because they are used to 5* but booked a 3* - I think that might have something to do with it! I would definately stay here again, the rooms were clean, definately not small, towels changed, bathroom cleaned and beds made up every day. The staff could not have been more helpful, especially when we had checked out and were waiting to come home and my phone battery dies, I asked the reception staff if they would mind charging my phone, not a problem. Ok, so some staff are not English/American, however how many hotels have you been to in the UK that have a full team of local staff? The restaurant attached to the hotel, Zana's is ideal for breakfast, however I would definately suggest the Crooked Knife across the road for an evening meal or even a pre/after night out drink.Ideally located for the subway, 3 blocks up around the corner, 5 minute walk if that. Macy's, Empire State Building and much much more all within walking distance.As a Travel Agent in the UK I would definately recommend this to my clients as a clean base for those on a budget looking for a comfortable and ideally located base with friendly staff. After all who in their right mind comes to a city like New York to admire the hotel room, certainly not me, life is too short to worry about silly little things, get out there and see what this city has to offer and believe me there is everything. Again I stress that if you are a usual 5* or deluxe guest you may find that this is not quite your standard.	
Dec 11 2008 	Fantastic experience	After reading some of the reviews I was a little worried about Thirty Thirty - I was so pleasantly surprised with this hotel. Our room was fantastic (the deluxe with two queen beds), bathroom was huge and clean and the staff very pleasant. The location is brilliant - we literally walked everywhere. Very close to the subway too. Great little Mexican place called Dos Caminos just a few blocks away on Park Ave - it was fantastic. Cute pub across the street too - Crooked Knife.Not sure where some of the other people who have reviewed this hotel were staying - we loved it and would definitely return.	
Dec 9 2008 	good location clean desk staff ok....	My intial thoughts were good, lobby was nice and clean but at check in the staff member who spoke broken english tried to tell me my reservation was for the following day. after several minutes explaining I knew when i was supposed to arrive I took out my receipt which showed I was correct. she then stated that she would have to charge me and additional $10 because she had to change the date even though to no fault of my own or the hotel web site i had booked through... the only people that had the wrong date was the 30-30... the other staff member seemed to be on the phone with a friend and was loud and unprofessional. the bell man was excellent however... over all it was fine the rooms were small although clean, shower was very hot, beds and numerous pillows were comfortable. location was good in midtown close to time square or greenich village if you go the other way.. staff not very helpful (besides bellman) with questions about places to eat.. etc.... bartender at attached resturant was nice and outgoing	
Dec 1 2008 	brilliant family room	We visited New York from england for a 5day visit in september to celebrate my mums 50th. We had booked a family room so that we could all stay together. On arrival the check in was great, doorman took our luggage straight up to our room.The family sized room was great!! compared to some other photos I have seen from other rooms im sure its triple the size! We had two double (if not king sized) beds, two tvs (one facing towards the beds, the other facing the lounge area) A sofa, an arm chair, and two large windows overlooking the street below.The shower was quite large, although the temperature seemed a little annoying to get right. Lots of wardrobe and draw space which is good if you're on a longer visit and want to unpack. However the room we had did have an ironing board+iron, coffee machine and a safe.	
Nov 25 2008 	Excellent	We stayed at the Thirty Thirty for 4 nights and were very happy with the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the room was bigger than we expected and very clean and comfortable. The location was ideal and very convenient (Empire State Building around the corner!). Would definately stay there again and would recommend this hotel to all.	
Nov 18 2008 	Loved it!	After reading some of the other reviews about the Thirty Thirty, I was pretty worried about my forthcoming visit! However, I had nothing to be worried about! We stayed for 5 nights from November 11th. We arrived tired after the flight from London to a very warm welcome, and we were able to check in early. Our room was big - we only booked a standard room, so maybe we got lucky. It was very clean, with a big bathroom, a kitchenette, tv, safe, hairdryer etc etc. There was daily maid service, and all the reception staff that we dealt with were friendly and helpful. I didn't notice any of the dirtyness or bad smells that others had commented on! The hotel is also in a great location. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others!	
Nov 17 2008 	Absolutely fantastic	Stayed at the Thirty Thirty hotel with my boyfriend for 5 nights from 10th November to 15th. On arrival we found the reception staff to be very welcoming, helpful and friendly. After booking in we went to our standard room and from reading previous reviews on this web set I was hoping that the room would be ok. We had requested to stay at the front of the hotel and this request was honoured. On arriving at the room we found it to be extremely clean, yes standard in size but going on New York standards the room was large. We had plenty of space for our suitcases and shopping bags. The room had a large double bed, side lockers, large lamps, TV and very modern paintings. The bathroom was fine, toilet, sink, and shower, again standards size but no issues here. The room was cleaned on a daily bases with towels changed. Mid week the sheets etc were changes from the bed. Each morning we had a paper deliver to the room, this was no extra charge, and standard to the hotel each other guest received this also. When we asked for directions to tourist attractions we found the reception staff to be absolutely fabulous they were so caring in making sure we got to were every we wanted to go. Also there is a restaurant across the road from the hotel I had also read about this in previous reviews but I strongly recommend this restaurant. ''The Crooked Knife'' the food here was beautiful, we dined here three out of the five nights, value for money, quality of food and service was second to none. There was also a small bar attached to the restaurant so you could go for a few drinks here after dinner if you liked. This was my first time in New York and after booking the hotel and reading reviews I was nervous about the hotel but honestly I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel or staying here in the future.	
Nov 17 2008 	Brilliant	we would return;We stayed at this hotel from the 5th Nov 08 and after reading the reviews was a little worried but on arrival we knew we had nothing to worry about. Reception area was very clean and had useful info in the lobby area, the staff were extremley helpful throughtout our stay.Our room was small but this is what i expected of new york, the bed was comfy and large, we had a tv, safe and chair and the bathroom was clean, we had no problems, our view was of thirty street not much to look at but your never in your room really. The location of the hotel was great 2 minutes to 5th Avenue and a ten minute walk to times square- we went to madisson square garden to watch the joe calzaghe fight while we were there and the hotel was perfect for this it took us 5 minutes to walk. Gordan Ramsey's restaurant is a must for New York we found this fantastic value $35pp for 3 course in the maze section. We ate at Crooked Knife accross from thirty thirty had 2 courses and that came £75 nice but it just didnt compare.overall i found this hotel and new york great!!	
Nov 13 2008 	Delighted	My girlfriend and I stayed at Thirty Thirty for 5 nights in Oct.2008.We had booked a Premium king room through the hotel website. ( I think the Premium King is only available directly from the hotel ) Room was spacious- more like a suite than a room. Sofa bed and king size bed. Bedding was lovely. We slept with the window open and found it very quiet. Room was clean and temperture was not a problem. Bathroom was very modern though lighting was poor. Staff were friendly. Location was good.We were delighted with our room and would recommend the hotel to others.	
Nov 13 2008 	great budget hotel	stayed at thirty thirty for 4 nights last week, after reading previous reviews was very anxious about the hotel but we were pleasantly surpried with it. we checked in early and wanted a smoking room which they provided no problem even though we hadnt requested it when booking.....the room was small and the bathroom tiny but big shower and comfortable bed....the cleaner called every day tided left fresh towels etc. ..and the staff throught the hotel were helpful and polite. we wanted somewhere fairly central, clean and comfortable and were very satisfied with thirty thirty and have planned to stay there next year on our return trip!!!	
Nov 1 2008	They 'Lost' our booking and left us stranded	Thank goodness we called...We booked two rooms for a recent birthday trip to new york, and sent an email to the hotel to add another room, only to have a reply sent to us saying that they would not honor the reservation we already had. They had lost it!We expected an apology and some attempt to make amends but were treated with disinterest. Although they had some rooms left, they expected us to pay a premium rate for a last minute booking.Disgraceful.Avoid at all costs.	
Oct 31 2008	THIRTYTHIRTY/DIRTY DIRTY	Arrived at Hotel 30.30 with my 11 year old daughter for a girly shopping trip, told room was ready. Arrived at room to find it all unmade and piles of dirty bedding on floor and a USED CONDOM yes thats right a USED CONDOM on the floor Needless to say we didnt say . Not what you want for your 11 year oldHORRIBLE	
Oct 31 2008 	Not really that bad at all.	After reading so many negative reviews we were very unsure about staying at this hotel. Thankfully our stay was not bad at all.The staff were very friendly and helpful. Clean towels everyday and if you needed anything else you only had to ask and it was there. Standard rooms would not be a good idea, very tiny indeed. We upgraded to a superior and it was worth it for the extra room you got.Two things with the room, the aircon unit was extremely noisy there was no way you could have slept with it on, thankfully the weather was not that hot, and the bathroom was quite small and dated. Plenty of places to eat and drink within walking distance. The Crooked Knife across the road was great. Very friendly and reasonably priced. Shame its not open for breakfast as Zana's, attached to the hotel, was overpriced. We would not stay there again purely because we prefer to be based closer to Broadway and Times Square as there is more going on in the evenings. During the day you practically walk everywhere or get the subway.On our last night we had dinner at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant The London. Fantastic and well worth the expense!We love New York and can't wait to go back again!	
Oct 27 2008 	Location is all it has going for it!	I too had read the reviews on this site and was hoping and praying that my experience would be a good one. UNFORTUNATELY, my luck was not in. I can quite happily accept a small room - which this was, but the room was horrible. The lobby, lifts, corridors and rooms all smelt of insect repellant. The carpet was soiled with goodness knows what, the bed sheets were torn, though clean and the doors were hardly secure. The air conditioning did not work and the room was freezing, my friends room on the other hand was boiling, her air con did not work either. We were on the 7th floor and did encounter some of the &quot;residents&quot;. I did not stand barefoot on the floor at all during my stay and left all my clothes in my suitcase. I met an American guest in the lift whose room was on floor 2 - he said his room was nice. This got me thinking - are rooms allocated per nationality, age, appearance? I hated everything about the interior of this hotel and would not kennel my dogs there. The location was good but i'd rather have had a bit more of a walk and a pleasant room for my money. New York is fab and I can't wait to return - but definitely not here - good luck if you're booked in.	
Oct 27 2008 	loved it fab hotel close to all attractions....	we loved this hotel. the rooms were clean and the staff were friendly and helpful. it is close to all the attractions, and we thought it was such a fab hotel that were going back there on nov 3rd for 5 nights....	
Oct 26 2008 	We were a bit worried about this hotel	We were a bit worried about this hotel after reading some of the reviews. On arrival we were looking for the miserable staff, but found them all fine. Our room was a bit small, but had everything in it, shower room with basin and w.c. clean towels each day and complementary toiletries. We had a safe, hair dryer, iron and board. Beds very clean and comfy. Room overlooked front of hotel. Only woken once by refuse collectors. We were looking for the cockroaches, but couldn't find any. Plenty of mosquitos though. We had to buy a spray and use it 3/4 times a day. Found if you keep fan on in the room it kept them away. We were lucky with weather (9 - 15th October) so we had no complaints at all. Great time altogether. Look forward to our return next year.	
Oct 23 2008 	absolutely fine!	As you may have read previous reviews i was very nervous about my stay at the thirty thirty hotel! i read horror stories of rooms being dirty tiny nd arrogant staff so you can imagine my relief when myself and my partner where greeted by very friendly staff escially at the door! we was shown to a room which was wrong ( i wanted a smoking room ) so we asked if we could change and receptionist was more than happy to change us, apologising to us for the mishap. once settled into our standard room, which was the right size for us, nice comfy double bed clean sheets with duvet covers lol, no cigarette burns anywhere lol and our socks were defenetly clean from walking around the room, i wont lie it wasn't a massive room but spacious enough to fit 2 suitcases endless bags of shopping lol and enough hangers to hang clothes. Bathroom was a normal size with a large shower bit, clean and maids changed towels and sheets every day. We had a view of the main street and we could see the empire state building!! We was only there 4 nights which was perfect location for us, five minutes from empire state building little more a stroll nd you're at macys little more nd its times square!! PERFECT LOCATION felt safe walking at night time there.My overall experience was positive, felt the staff was friendly enough and the room was clean and reached my expectations. If you feel the need to moan for size of the room not being to your standards why book into a 3 star you cant expect to have a royalty type of room!! and belive me im picky if there was anything to complain about i would written an even longer review!!obviously if you are looking for a honeymoon i wouldnt suggest this hotel because it is basic and i know i would want something a little bit fancier but for a quick getaway its great!!	
Oct 20 2008	Could be OK but staff ruins it!	economy lobby and ok rooms aside, this hotel which wants to be hip and cool is ruined by an unfriendly staff that does not really speak english. what happened thanks to the sub-par staff?- i was told that I could park in front of the hotel, yet my car got towed and impounded.- a hold was put on my card for a week's worth of nights instead of three.- and the hold stayed on my card for about three weeks!!	
Oct 18 2008 	Love NYC	My Partner and I visited this hotel in Dec 2006 and we would not hesitate to return. We went for a short 4 day break mainly for shopping purposes - well it is NYC :o)The hotel staff were very helpful, and were more than happy to move us from the 4th floor to the 2nd floor due to my fear of lifts! NYC wasn't really the place to got with this fear was it, but hey ho!!The hotel is located 5 minutes away from the Empire State Building and approx. 10-15 minutes walk from the glorious Macy's. The area of this hotel was perfect for us, it was close enough to a few main hotspots and only a short taxi ride away from 5th Avenue and Time Square.When we visited this hotel the USD was approx. $1.96 : £1 so you can imagine my excitement at visiting Macy's and Tiffany &amp; Co with the rate this good :o)The retaurant, which was attached to the hotel was acceptable although nothing spectacular. Personally I would recommend looking through the restaurant guide in your room and ringing up to make reservations with them. Don't get me wrong, I struggled with this to start with, as I am used to going on package deals, so this for me was an adventure!! However, I am so glad that we reviewed the restaurant guides as our two evenings out were fantastic. We did the World Yacht cruise one night, to see the sights and to enjoy a three course meal. Another night we visited Bobby Vans Steakhouse, which was fantastic. It was full of excitable American locals and the food was beautiful. Once finished, flag down a taxi right outside (be prepared to stand in the road to do this!!) and away you go back to the Thirty Thirty!We definitely want to go back to NYC and would easily go back to this hotel. If however I can overcome my lift phobia - I may be brave enough to visit a high rise hotel in Time Square :o)	
Oct 13 2008 	Great!!!! Not half as bad as expected	After reading the other reviews i was worried sick about what this hotel was going to be like..........its really not that bad!! Maybe we got lucky but i really enjoyed my stay here. The reception is bright and modern and the staff were helpful, the room was tiny but clean and maids came every day with clean towels etc, the bathroom was TINY but the shower was huge?!? We had room 1001 and we had a view of the empire state building, its obvious that some of the rooms have people living in them but we never saw anyone and there were no problems, the resturaunt attached to the hotel is lovely, the food is quite basic but the cocktails are fab and quite reasonably priced, if you book a taxi to go back to the airport directly through the hotel don't expect a yellow cab, its just some random family member of someone who works there taking you in their car!! It was cheaper than a yellow cab though, all in all i'd say its a great location and you can never expect too much for this price, it got a thumbs up from me!!!	
Oct 10 2008 	Great Location	We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of August the hotel is in a great location and if you’re going to sight see and shop then it is more than adequate for your needs. The location is fantastic it’s within walking distance to the Empire State Building, Bryant Park, Grand Central Station, Madison Square Gardens, Macys, Times Square and the theatre area.The room was clean but very small (you almost don't have space to put your luggage), a bit shabby and the view from the room over looked an office block. The bathroom was clean but also very small and it needed updating. The beds are small two, but comfortable. There was no drink making facilities in the room. The bedding and towels were changed daily. The reception was nice and big, the staff were ok some were not over friendly or helpful. The porters were great and very helpful with your baggage and were able to answer your queries that you would have asked at the front desk one I must commend is Mohammed.There is a little restaurant to the left hand side of the hotel and there is a small cafe attached to the hotel we didn’t try either. There is an excellent restaurant opposite the hotel the Crooked Knife and if you walk a block there are bars, restaurants and clubs.	
Oct 6 2008 	Awful property!! Website not realistic!	This hotel is absolutely disgusting. We booked online directly with them and the pictures of a standard room on their website are NOT AT ALL what you get upon check-in. The room was tiny, with ripped and dirty carpeting, chips all over the walls, a broken TV and smelled awful. We went downstairs and complained and the front desk would not waive the cancellation fee if we left so we were forced to stay one night. We were upgraded for that one night and the suite was ok, but still not nice. We left the next day without another hotel room confirmed and this was when the UN was in session mind you so we really took a risk not finding alternative accommodations. But that is how BAD this place is. I would rather sleep on a park bench than set foot in this filthy hotel room again. Avoid this hotel!	
Oct 1 2008 	Dirty Thirty	Myself and my partner stayed here for 5 nights and at first when we walked in reception was quite nice the staff we ok but not over friendly, but on entry to our room we were very disapointed the headboard had a big cigarette burn in it, the carpet was so dirty that our socks was black, the bed clothes did not smell to good and the sheets were ripped, our view from the room over looked an office block, we did not complain as we were only there for a short break and did not intend on spending it in the room thank goodness!! On our last night we came back a bit earlier to find cockroaches running around the room this was the final straw and did take this further. Will definatly be going back to New York but would never stay in this hotel even if it was for free!!!!!	
Oct 1 2008 	Pay for the Executive Rooms and you won't be disappointed !!	I have stayed in this hotel on three occcasions now, all for business, in three different class of rooms, one thing can be said for the Thirty Thirty, you get what you pay for !! With this hotel, if you stay in the standard rooms then be prepared as they are not great, very small and a bit shabby and please don't even contemplate the single rooms, couldnt swing a cat and not for those who don't like small spaces. They have some hostel rooms still in the building, a condition of its change of use to a hotel I believe, I had one opposite me on my first stay, not a nice experience, music and shouting and some smelly neighbours. Noisy air con too and the bathroom, though clean, needed updating, you also need to mind your head on the tv!! However, having stated the bad, on my next stay I was in an Executive Room and could not believe it was the same hotel. 7 foot wide bed, huge living area with large sofa and a bathroom, all slate, to die for. A shower big enough for a rugby team.!! The photos on their web site definately show the better rooms. If you want to stay in a great location then I would recommend this hotel, as long as you pay the price for the better rooms. There is a small cafe attached to the hotel for breakfast or you can walk a block for loads of other places, there are bars, restaurants and clubs within 200 yds.	
Sep 30 2008 	Good location decent for the money	Hotel in a good location. Nothing outstanding other than this.Make sure you tip the housekeeping else your room won't get cleaned great but you will get exceptional service if you leave a couple of bucks each day.If you are going to sight see and shop then it is more than adequate for your needs but don't pay over the odds. It could do with an update it was a little tired in places when I went in Feb	
Sep 28 2008 	Very Good Location	This is a very expensive hotel for european patterns, as we check its amenities. But, as we are in New York, not a bad deal at all. The location of this hotel is great. You can walk everywhere any time day or night, as you feel absolutely safe in this area. We are not very far from the Empire State Building, Bryant Park, Grand Central Station and the cinemas in 3rd avenue, which was great to relax one of the two nights we stood there. The room was very small, you almost don't have space to put your lugagge, but the bathroom was very large and clean. Beds are small two, but very confortable. The noisy generator was a problem, but we were so tired we slept all night. The staff is great and they were very helpful. All travellers have a great base to explore NYC from here. We stood in another hotel a few days later, cheaper and more confortable, but I still loved Thirty Thirty for its location and definitively would come back.	
Sep 23 2008 	mmmmm its an 8 pinter	After a gallon of ale you might appreciate it, hopefully its like a fine wine - it will get better with age!Originally booked into the Holiday Inn with b&amp;b and a gym - then told we had been double booked and they upgraded us to this [--] - same amenities - minus b&amp;b &amp; gym!!! Hotel Thirty Thirty, more like Hotel Zero, Zero!Reception staff unhelpful - no restaurant, no bar, no nothing....Not a complainer - anyone who's been to the Brighton House Hotel in Skeggy - knows exactly where we're coming from - oooh the memories....Good location - no complaints. Went for New Year - Times Square - very disappointed. Will read the reviews before going next time!!	
Sep 18 2008 	An absolute dump!	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone!The hotel Thirty Thirty was the final destination for our honeymoon in August 2008 and was a great disappointment - so much so that we left after 10 minutes and checked in to a more reputable establishment! On arrival at the hotel we were greeted by drunken homeless people sleeping in the window bays. The bell boy proceeded to show us to our bedroom, as we approached we noticed that the door on the room opposite ours was hanging off its hinges and gusts of wind were coming from the room.On entrance to our room we were shocked to find that the room was filthy and the bed was stained . The thought of undressing or even unpacking was unbearable, therfore we left the hotel. Cleanliness is obviously not a priority at the Thirty Thirty Hotel	
Sep 10 2008 	Good location	Let's be honest,, New York hotels are way over-priced for the quality you get.So, with this in mind, for the European travaller thsi hotel is expensive.For New york it's not a bad deal at all. The rooms are small but clean and the top element is the location on a quiet street beside Park Avenue. We walked nearly everywhere and were very happy here. If you want luxury though, look eleswhere and ...bring your credit cards!!!	
Sep 7 2008 	Good Quality Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in the middle of winter. Its a couple of blocks south of the Empire State and ten block south of Times Sqare and the theatre area but if you don't mind walking. Thats fine.The underground was just at the end of the street but we just walked everywhere. Up and down Manhattan , several times and it was a great base.Lovely and clean but the rooms were very small but you only ever sleep in them so are you bothered ?The staff on the desk where helpful and we really enjoyed this place for a mid priced base.	
Aug 31 2008 	Zero Atmosphere	Disappointing. It looks great on the website - very trendy - but in reality it's cold with zero atmosphere. The lobby has an industrial feel. The rooms are drab and poorly maintained, furniture has been thrown together without much thought. It is, however, clean and the location is good - if you're only staying for a night or two it's fine, but if you're staying any longer you may want to find somewhere with more character.	
Aug 27 2008 	Great little Hotel	After reading some of the the other reviews I was a bit nervous about our stay at the 30/30( especially as we had already been to Vegas and Mexico and had fantastic hotels on this trip) I can honestley say I had nothing to be nervous about - I will admitt the rooms are not exactley large but plenty big enough for what we needed a large wardrobe , comfy bed (clean and with a duvet!!) and large bathroom - The room was extreemly clean (as was the rest of the hotel) and very modern -please see photos.Location - Fantastic - walking distance to the empire state, and the Grays tour bus (5min walk tops). On route to these you will find a great little deli/italien/bakery all serve great food (on madisson ) It is alsp walking distance to Time square/ madison sg /Macys etc - a walk we did several times !! (8-10 ) Like I said we walked back late at night several times and felt perfectley safe at all times.any questions please ask	
Aug 27 2008 	Very Trendy Little Hotel	Upon arrival at The Thirty Thirty hotel in New York, we were checked in and in our rooms very fast which was good when you are only visiting for a few days to see all the sites.The room was so tiny. It had two twin beds in and there was hardly any room for both of our suitcases. The bathroom was also very small and the wardrobe was barely big enough to fit a couple of coats and tops in. We basically lived out of our suitcases as it was easier that way. There was a TV in the room too which had quite a few channels on if you wanted to watch tv, but no drink making facilities. The room was a little tired, but we were not there to see the room but the city!!The hotel is in a good location, right in the middle of Manhatten. It is only two blocks away from the Empire State Building and the main street to walk to all the shops and sights. I thought that the hotel location was great as we got to see everything in 4 days that we had intended on seeing as it was so central.The staff in the hotel were lovely, which is not so typical of New Yorkers and they changed the bedding and towels daily. There is a little restaurant to the left hand side of the hotel and they do great cocktails! The breakfasts are amazing too and great to set the day off before a day of sight seeing of the city!!The photos on the website do not typically reflect what the hotel looks like exactly. It is quite trendy, but just a litlle tired thats all.Tips - Go up the Empire State Building in the day and up the Rockafella at night. This way you get to see a better view of the Statue of Liberty in the day and then see the Empire State all lit up at night. The lift in the rockafella is made from coompletely glass and the light show on the way up is fantastic!We went in November when the Christmas decorations were up, ice skating in Central Park and at the bottom of the Rockafella is a must. Also a ride round Central Park on a horse and carridge. They are expensive but you have to do it.The Staton Island ferry is FREE. We did not know this and the lady in the information kiosk was very rude when I asked where we needed to go and pay. This is worth doing just to see the Statue of Liberty up close.Ground Zero is very errie but its nice to go and pay your respects to all the people who lost their lives there. The photos and storey all hung up are so sad.The Sex and the City Tour of the city was also very good for all fans out there and we also did a movie and tv tour of the city too. Think they only cost us about £20 per person which is nothing for a couple of hours out of your day.The main bar in grand central station on the top right of the main staircase do really good cocktails too and very strong!! heheThe revolving bar at the top of the Marriott in Times Square is great too, on the drinks mat there is a map of all the sights you can see out of the windows. The drinks are pretty expensive in here but worth the view.We got a table reservation at The Rainbow Rooms to in the Rockafella centre. The food was out of this world, although very pricey, but hey you only live once!!Alll in all the short city break was amazing, we got to see everything we wanted and this had part to do with the hotels location. You are also not that far in a taxi either so didn't cost a small fortune like we imagined it would!!	
Aug 21 2008 	Great little Hotel!	After booking the Thirty Thirty we read some of the trip advisor reviews, along with many positive ones some of them were negative but we decided to take a chance. How happy we were that we did. This is a great place in a fab location. We booked two rooms at the Thirty Thirty, one superior and one premium. Both rooms were good size and we weren't squashed at all. Clean, stylishly decorated and the bathroom was huge and gorgeous. The staff were friendly and couldn't have been more helpful in lots of ways. in giving directions or advice on places to eat or holding onto luggage etc. They were brill. It was a great start to our holiday and we would definitely stay at the Thirty Thirty again.	
Aug 20 2008 	Funky boutique hotel an overstatement	Stayed two nights for a business trip. Good proximity to downtown businesses and not far from Chelsea for good restaurants. Nearby the hotel are lots of places to grab coffee, bagels, and fruit and close to Broadway toward toward Union Square. There is a restaurant adjacent to the hotel that I didn't try. My room was a twin on the top floor which felt like an attic with narrow passageway and very small &quot;L&quot; shape room. A window had a large crack in it but it was taped up. Front desk staff was a bit surly. Rate for a Sunday night was a great deal at $178 but the rate jumped up to $268 the second night before adding numerous taxes which translates into a $300 room. The other rooms might have been more ample. Would I recommend it? Probably yes for under $200/night if you want to stay on the East Side but not over $250/night.	
Aug 18 2008 	The Best Hotel in New York!	In my opinion this is the hotel to stay at if you go to New York. Reasonable hotel rates, two blocks from the subway so easily accessible, excellent restaurants in the location especially the Crooked Knife opposite the hotel (don't go next door - think it was Zana - poor food &amp; staff). Excellent florist &amp; tourist shop on the other side. Front desk staff were very accommodating &amp; very friendly - they go out of their way to assist you with your travel plans &amp; any queries you may have. The porters are very helpful with your baggage &amp; may be able to answer your queries that you would have asked front desk....one I must commend is Mohammed who I had alot of contact with &amp; I must thank him sincerely for finding my purse &amp; handing it to Security. I appreciate his honesty.The bedrooms may be on the small size but it really doesnt matter when you spend so little time in it...as long as the bed is comfortable &amp; believe me it is! The bathroom is adequate but again who cares as long as the shower is functioning properly &amp; yep - its super! For me what makes a hotel worth going back to is a comfortable bed &amp; a proper shower - thats what you need &amp; this is what you get in this hotel! (&amp; usually a decent breakfast but like most NYC hotels, this one doesn't provide however there are plenty of cafes nearby &amp; a superb breakfast/food buffet at the end of the road - Suzies) I will definitely be coming back to this hotel in the future after experiencing sub-standard hotels uptown that were not good value for money.	
Aug 2 2008 	ThirtyThirty thumbs down!	As a stewardess and IBM employee for many years I've stayed at hotels literally all over the world for years. When I booked 6 nights at Hotel ThirtyThirty in New york through British Airways in June 2006, I thought I got a good design hotel for my $ 200 per night. What I got was a nightmare! First I got a room that was bearely big enough for the very small bed there, and a small chair with a teddybear. (Cute?) There was not enough room for my suitcase anywhere, and The door to the tiny bathroom couldn't be opened completely without knocking into the wall. The obvious smell of homecooking from the room next door, the location in the end of a narrow and dark corridor combined with the view of a dump of a backyard made me ask for another room.Without even trying not to show her annoyance at my outrageous request, I was given a room where the closet was about twice the size of the room. The foldable (!) door to the small, old bathroom was impossible to close or open, so I had to go sideways in and out of it. The small bed had a bedspread full of stains.I should have asked for yet another room, but the receptionist was incredibly hostile, and I was exhausted.So - whatever you do, don't ever stay at this hotel. The location is great, but a think even New york hostels must be providing a more pleasurable stay than I had at Hotel ThirtyThirty in New York.You have been &quot;warned&quot; by Anne E. Beck, Oslo, Norway.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great value: clean quiet pleasant room	This was my second stay at this hotel in the last five years, and it remains one of the few attractive bargains in mid-Manhattan. In addition to the wonderful location, the hotel remains clean and well-kept (though the huge empty lobby could use a few more amenities). This time I stayed in one of the slightly larger and costlier rooms (since I remembered the smaller rooms as a bit claustrophobic). This larger room was good-sized for Manhattan and would be OK for a couple: serviceable desk, chair, small sofa and arm chair, in addition to queen-sized bed, though unfortunately the vanity-sink was in the room rather than in the bathroom. There were outlets and jacks, but probably no wifi- had no laptop so can't comment on this. There was a coffeemaker (important since there's no room service, just a downstairs bar). Since the hotel has thick walls, and the room was at a corridor's end and faced the airshaft (which means no real sunlight), nights were blissfully silent.	
Jul 23 2008 	Try the white sock test for 2 day'syou'll see the results!!	we arrived from France monday evening 16th june,round 10,00pm normal check in, until i asked for a room &quot;smoker&quot; (which had been reservered in march)with a photocopy of the reservation she didn't even look at it, you wanna a smoker! she said, yes, ROOM 819, ok,(the first impression of the Lobby was correct same as the pics on the net)room door open,OMG. The reviews were right,!!! i was hopng they were gonna be wrong, but no, the room was very small,an enormous tele in the corner which you hit your head on everytime you wanted to see out of the window!!opposite was a very tall building(we did'nt know if it was sunny or cloudy!) the &quot;Bell boy&quot; showed us how the AC worked, that was the last we saw of him, after 10 hours or more in the airport's &amp; planes, a relaxing cigarette was needed,no go, no ashtray's! ni coffee maker as on the web site!! while unpacking i noticed a hole in my duvet cover,went to recepection to ask for an ashtray, it was like asking for gold!! in the mean time we borrowed from the resto,the coffee maker came the next day, after breakfast!! there is no double glazing in the room , but beneath you is a Generater that starts up 6.00am it goes one for 15mins slows down for 2mins, after the hussel and bussel of the city ,you wanna come back to abit of peace and quite, helas non,..we were booked in for a week, after the 4th day, we treid to change our room, it was so much hassel,we're stay where we are!!...the first 2 day's no sign of a chambre maid, so non of the linen was changed, as for our &quot;White socks&quot; after 2 days they were Black, and i mean Black,...the week came to an end,(thank god!) asked at the reception for Super Shuttle to take us to the airport,(JFK) the receptionist looked at her watch and said it was too late,(5 mins) but she did sugest a car! ok, 60$ (the shuttle17$) we had to pay 10$ to her or the hotel, and suposidly 50$ to the driver, the driver was on time,everything was going well, untill i heard him say something(,but didn't understand)then a toll booth apeared, then he said again 5$, what for, the toll,.... there we are, our stay at the &quot;Famous&quot; 30-30 hotel, 245€ a night(the price of a palace in Paris,)then the con-job with the car, we will never go back to the 30-30 hotel!!! and whats more there ads say they are &quot;Multilinqual&quot; that's a load of rubbish too,	
Jul 17 2008 	AKA Hotel Filthy Filthy	As frequent travellers to New York we knew what to expect in a city hotel. This is the first time we have encountered these problems, the hotel was dirty and we even saw the resident cockroach a few times in our room. However, it's a good location and for a good price, but please be aware that it may not be at the standard that you are looking for. Staff were fine though, our only complaints were about the cleanliness.	
Jul 15 2008 	Horror hotel	I stayed in the thirty thirty hotel with a party of five. The images on the internet display this hotel as light, bright, clean and stylish. However, when my partner and I reached the thirty thirty we were shocked. The staff were extremely rude and almost argumentative as they told us that our rooms were not ready, and that it was in no way their fault. Although non smoking rooms were requested, we were told it was their busy period and so we had to except rooms on the smoking level. On entering our room we were greeted by a dark, stuffy, unclean room, with stained sheets and a dried in sick patch on the carpet!!When we slept at night we were woken up by the cleaners telly at 4.00am. As their living/break room was beside our accomadation, at certain times of the day and night our room became overtaken by smoke. Our friends had to be moved rooms as their WINDOW FELL OUT ONTO THE STREET one night!I could go on forever!!Although, the location is ideal and you are extremely central, I would not reccomend this hotel to anybody.	
Jun 30 2008	Great base for sightseeing	This was a great hotel as a base for sightseeing. Staff were friendly, helpful and polite. Room was clean and comfortable and great walk in shower. There are a number of good authentic New York delis and restaurants close by including &quot;Tastys&quot; and the Crooked Knife (opposite the hotel). I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are looking for a no frills base for your sightseeing.	
Jun 26 2008	A double size bed in the rest of the States is considered a Queen size in NYC!	We booked two hotel rooms; a Queen Deluxe for my wife and myself and a double for our children. The &quot;Queen&quot; size bed was NOT a queen but a double. I complained and was assured I was mistaken and it was a queen. I said it was the same size bed as my kid's room, was told that I was incorrect, that I was definitely in a Queen Deluxe. When I layed down later that night, I knew it was a double as my feet hung over the end of the bed so I called the front desk a second time to complain, was given the same spiel by a different front desk person and told to leave a message for the manager to call me in the morning ( he never did for the remainder of the 5 nights). In the morning, I went to the front desk, complaining of the smaller bed, the manager was still not in and was now told, &quot; A double bed in the rest of the States is considered a &quot;Queen&quot; size bed in New York City.&quot; Honest, that was what was said and there were two front desk people there. I explained the headboard in the room was of queen size and the mattress much smaller, argued a bit, demanded either a &quot;Queen&quot; size bed which was what we were paying for or a room with twin beds. No Queen could be found or a twin...we were actually sent to check a couple of rooms and they were still doubles. Finally, I asked if a king size bed was in the hotel and if any were available. Reluctantly, they offered us one. On the positive side, we were not charged for the upgrade but what a hassle to get a larger bed. Also, be aware this hotel was at one time a women's residence and rooms on various floors still are(something to do with Rent Control Laws when the building was converted into a hotel the front desk told me). Some of the doors to these tiny rooms are ancient, quite beat up compared to the &quot;hotel&quot; room doors &amp; in our case, the resident next door to our room, which we paid $350 per night, left her door open so when we passed it was an unbelievable cluttered, messy, space filled to the ceiling with her possessions(literally). My daughter and son-in-law, who have been to New York a few times, thought their room was great and would probably stay again. However, and this being our first trip to the Big Apple, we would definitely not.	
Jun 21 2008 	Great Budget Hotel	Like most viewers on this site, my boyfriend and I were quite hesitate about this hotel after booking it from the most recent reviews provided on this site. However, to our relief and surprise this is a great hotel for those who just want a clean comfy place to sleep. It is by no means a full scale luxury hotel like the Ritz Carlton or any of the big luxury hotels in Manhattan as it did not have the amenities or 5-star service. What it did have was an ideal location, very clean rooms, friendly knowledgeable staff, reasonable rooms/washroom.We stayed in Room 1038, with a king size bed and a washroom which was made entirely in slate. Very nice touch on the slate! The room itself was a fair size for a New York hotel, it had two TV's, one in the common area where the door was located with a desk, then another in the bedroom itself. The chairs and sofa in the room was a bit iffy but who really sits or sleeps on those for a long time?! The bed itself was very comfortable and the bedding was very clean. The maid replaced the towels everyday and was very tidy. They provide soap/shampoo/lotion however we just choose to use the ones we brought. The washroom also has a hairdryer so don't bother bringing one. What the room did not have was an in-room safe - which wasn't the biggest deal for us at least. The view for the room was probably the only negative thing about the room but it never bothered us cause we were never in the room for long except to sleep. Oh, and about the cockroaches from other reviewers - in our room this was what I was afraid of most and we did not find a single one. It might depend on the room you might staying in...but ours did not have any or any bugs for that matter.I truly would recommend this hotel for those who are looking to stay somewhere that is reasonably priced in Manhattan. It is close to a subway line (the 6 line), and is minutes from the Empire State Building along with other many attractions. The only thing that it lacked was you might need to commute a bit to find nice restaurants but thats a given.	
Jun 20 2008 	small rooms but good location	This was our first trip to New York City and we loved it !.We booked with dial a flight and were lucky to have a rep who knew the city well (Thank youTrisha) The hotel is about two blocks from the empire state building between madison and park avenue. Easy access to public transport. The hotel had a bar and restaurant attached which was quite expensive but directly across the road from the entrance was the crooked knife bar good value and good food if you didnt want to walk. The hotel was clean and staff friendly. We had a room on the 7th floor, the room was very small compared to other US hotel rooms we have stayed at. our room was clean so was the bathroom. This hotel suited our needs and our budget. We will definatly go back to New York and if we are travelling on a budget we would use the 30/30 again.	
Jun 17 2008	Not Disappointed	Bedding was good, room was large, shower was great. Interior room; view or other buildings. Room was a cave, but enjoyed my stay. Wireless internet was extra, but wire connection free. Cable and TV basic.General confusion at times with the front desk, but they gave me a free night, not sure if they know they did it. It may have been on purpose; since they locked me out of my room a couple of times, returned a ups delivery. But they did not say at check out, and I did not ask.But would stay here again.	
Jun 17 2008 	Horrible Noise Night and Day	There are a number of decent or good hotels within a block or two of Hotel Thirty Thirty. Why did we make such a mistake and stay at this one!?! They have a restaurant on the street level which has loud patrons in their outdoor cafe at night. There is also a restaurant directly across the street and at its outdoor cafe the patrons are even loucer! To make matters worse, this morning, at 6:30 a.m. Hotel Thirty Thirty had a crew power washing the sidewalk in front of the hotel for two hours!!! The noise made it impossible to sleep. Needless to say, we will be staying at another of the area hotels the next time we return to New York City.	
Jun 14 2008 	Reasonable hotel	We booked thirty-thirty on their website and got a superior room at a slightly cheaper rate ($800 for 3 nights), which isn't too bad considering the location in midtown Manhattan, near 2 subway lines. The room was large for New York with en-suite shower/bathroom and walk in wardrobe.Staff were friendly enough, room was cleaned daily to a high standard. Some negative points:- No view from room, as the window looked over the back of other buildings. - Air conditioning is very noisy so we switched it off at night. - No signal on TV and some lights didn't work.	
Jun 4 2008 	Thirty Thirty - Perfect	Our four night stay at this hotel was really excellent. Booked through BA Holidays, it was a very affordable rate &lt;£90 per room per night. Great location for a few days touring Manhatten. Room was fine, not massive but clean and the bed was very comfortable. If you wnat an affordable, well located place in NYC, go for the Thirty Thirty.	
Jun 1 2008 	forget it	Broom cupboard size rooms with no furniture, cockroaches and staff just going through the motions says it all about this grubby so called 3 star hotel.Oh yes take ear plugs as the noise (inside and out) will disturb your sleep.Better still pay a few bucks more and stay some place better.	
May 29 2008 	Thirty at Thirty Thirty	Thirty thirty was an appropriate choice of hotel as it was for my boyfriend's 30th birthday. Stylish hotel, friendly staff and a convenient location - Empire State Building was not too far from us. We found a great breakfast cafe around the corner from us which served up a typical tasty New York breakfast. A couple of policemen came in for their morning round of doughnuts whilst we were there...I thought this was an urban myth! The room size wasn't massive but then the hotel was just a good base for sightseeing generally. Clean, tidy and good value for money.	
May 26 2008	Excellent !	After viewing some bad reports on this hotel, my wife and I were sceptical about staying there. All of the adverse criticisms were all without foundation. The staff were all extremely welcoming, polite, and helpful. The room was a little small, but they all are in New York. However, it was very comfortable and clean, with fresh linen every day. Even though we had chosen a smoking room we didn't feel that we had been consigned to the Leper colony. The reception area was very palatial with three lifts, internet access point, good public lavatories and more than helpful bellboys. We also found the restaurant next to the hotel brilliant for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Good quality at very reasonable prices. The location couldn't have better for The Empire State Building, Macys and short cab rides to Times Square, Central Park, Greenwich Village etc. It was my wifes sixtieth birthday treat and all went well, mainly because of this hotel.Period of stay - 04.05.08 - 10.05.08	
May 23 2008 	Nice Decor	Reception staff ordinary. Was impressed with the room, quite spacious. Comfy bed/pillows, in-room safe, good sized wardrobe, desk, chair, new linen, paint, carpets. View was to the air con vents and lower level external roof surfaces - not to worry. A/C worked really well. Coackroaches a problem in the heat!!!! Small but clean bathroom with mini soaps, shampoos provided. Small souvenier shop near reception and small restaurant serving meals and snacks opposite mini shop. No problems with restaurant - nice quick service for b/fast. Will hold your suitcases but for a tip. Internet access in reception/lobby. Nice bright and breezy lobby area. Good value for money for Manhatten. Approx 3min walk to nearest subway, little dodgy around Mad Square Gardens trying to get to NY Penn Rail Station so be careful.	
May 22 2008 	A Great Hotel	After reading a few bad reports about the hotel I was worried about the sort of place we were staying at. I was very pleasantly suprised how good it was. We stayed in an Economy twin Room, No 1204, it was a bit like a compact travel lodge. It was very clean and had very good shower. We also had a great view of The Empire State Building. The rooms were cleaned every day ( don't forget to leave a tip for the cleaner). The staff were friendly and very helpful which helped as it was our first visit to New York. The breakfast in the restuarant in the hotel was very good but a bit pricey, so in the end we ate like native New Yorkers The deli on the corner of the block to the right of the hotel was very good and cheap, you,ve got to try their bacon and egg bagels. Get a 7 day subway pass as it's cheaper than paying for every trip which is $2 per person. If you go to the Statue of Liberty get there before 8.30am as the ticket que starts early and it guarantees a pass to get into the statue. We had a great time and will definately be going back and staying at Thirty Thirty again.	
May 9 2008 	Great Value	My boyfriend and I spent 3 nights here at the end of April, and I was pleasantly surprised. The room (444) was fairly small, but it suited our needs perfectly, after all no one comes to NYC to spend much time in the hotel room! The bed was comfortable and shower hot and powerful, it was clean and through the night really quite quiet, with little noise form outside (until sunrise) and no noise from neighbouring rooms. I would defintely recommend this hotel to others and would not hesitate to return on a future trip to the city.	
May 5 2008 	Not a bad choice for the price	With a short trip to New York planned location of your hotel is everything. I found the Thirty Thirty on a travel website. Price was about average for NY with not wanting to share a bathroom with strangers. Location was close to the subway and torwards the southern part of Manhattan. The room was small and clean. The bed and pillows were comfortable. The staff was more then willing to help with directions to NYC locations. They even let store our bags after we checked out becuase we had a late flight. Overall for the price and location it is a great hotel.	
May 2 2008 	Location	I stayed here with my boyfriend in Dec 06 for a city break and a bit of xmas shopping. We stayed for 3 nights which was plenty to get everything done that we wanted.The staff in the hotel were as misserable as anything, but we didnt ever have many dealings with them so it didnt really affect us. The rooms were very basic and in desperate need of a refurb, but we hardly spent any time in there so this was not a problem.The loaction could not be faulted, we walked almost everywhere, it was great. there is a bagel shop just on the corner of the street, so ideal for a quick stop off in the morning to eat on your way. The closest attraction is the empire state building which is about a 5 minute walk. From there you can also buy the city sightseeing bus tickets. We paid $48 for a 48 hour pass, and it stops just outside the Empire, fantastic. You literally hop on and off at your preferred stops to take in the sights and continue with the journey, it saves a lot of time walking, especially if your on a tight schedule.Would stay here agian purely for the location.	
Apr 27 2008 	Cheap and cheerful!	Stayed at the Thirty Thirty for 3 nights.We booked a Kingsize bed room through the hotel direct as they had an Early Spring special.The room was a reasonable size as was the bathroom. We had a small 'longe area' with sofa, TV and table as you came into the room, then the bed area with a small wardrobe and another TV!However, not all rooms are the same layout - check them first and some bathrooms are much smaller than others even though you're paying the same price.Also, not all rooms have built in safes although there is a safe facility at the front desk.Friends also stayed at the hotel, 2 children and 2 double beds, with 'lounge area'. The first room didn't have a sofa in so difficult to watch TV - not saying that's what you want to do in NYC but sometimes a bit of down time is required especially if you have kids.Anyway the hotel staff were quick to help out and moved them to another room, which they were happy with.This isn't meant to be a negative review I'm just saying if you're not happy with the room say something and I'm sure you'll be assisted anyway they can.The standard rooms are rather small so I would pay a bit extra for a bigger bed and room.There are no views from the room except onto the main street below or into a type a of quandrangle at the back. But no-one was looking into your room either!There are various 'older' ladies staying in the place but I don't think they're homeless. But they add character to the hotel and are in no way offensive.The location is great as others have said, plus quiet (always a bonus). NYC seems so much safer nowadays. Enjoy walking if able and soak up the amazing atmosphere.If/when I return to NYC I would be happy to stay at the Thirty Thirty. Unless I won the lottery!Give it a go!	
Apr 22 2008 	Great place to stay	My friend and I have just returned from our stay in NYC. The Thirty Thirty hotel was great! We actually got upgraded as it was my friends birthday and the room was spacious and clean. There was a maid service every day. We did managed to get a quick glance at one of the standard rooms and although it was quite small it looked clean and tidy too. The hotel staff were very friendly and would go out of their way to help you. There was a porter ready to take your bags and the receptionists were helpful and friendly. We also left our baggage at the hotel once we had checked out and everything was fine.The restaurant 'Zara' next to the hotel was very nice and friendly staff there too; however we prefered to try and see a bit more of New York by trying to go to as many different places to eat as possible. Nothing wrong with this bar/restaurant at all though.I've read coments that there were homless people hanging around inside this hotel... we didn't see one homless person wondering around and felt completely safe at all times (especially as we were 2 women on our own in NYC). Also if you're looking for a cheap place to stay that's comfortable and safe then this is the place to go... I have read many bad reviews on this hotel but am now thinking that maybe these people expected too much of this hotel. At the end of the day it is not a luxury hotel so don't expect it to be... but if you want a cheap hotel that's in a great location (close to empire state, Macy's, short walk to Times Square)... then this is the hotel to stay at! Overall very good!	
Apr 19 2008 	A perfect 'Travelodge'	My husband and I stayed at the `Thirty Thirty Hotel' for 7 nights. After reading the reviews online, I was concerned that we had made a mistake with this booking. At the time of booking this hotel was half the price of other hotels in the Lower Manhatten area. We were really pleased to discover that this was the perfect hotel for our stay. The hotel is very similar to a 'Travelodge Hotel' in the UK. If you are looking for the Ritz then look elsewhere but if you are looking for a clean, comfortable and friendly place, this is it. The room was a double and had a large bathroom with clean towels each day. The location is perfect for walking to the finance district and the bottom of central park or for catching the subway (round the corner). The Empire State Building is round the corner. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for its price and location. It is a clean, unpretentious place. We were made to feel very welcome by all the staff. When returning to JFK do not take the 'black hotel cars'. A yellow taxi ride is much more fun and cheap!	
Apr 17 2008 	Great Hotel Great LOcation	Myself and my partner have just returned from a 5 night stay in the Hotel Thirty Thirty, and throughly enjoyed our stay. After checking in we headed straight to our room on the 6th floor. The room was compact, but clean and comfortable with all the facilities we were after, phone, safe, iron and ironing board, hairdryer etc etc. The bathroom again was small, and the sink was located in the bedroom, but this was not a problem at all. The shower was large, and there was always plenty of hot water. The location of the hotel is excellent, just minutes from the Empire State Builing, and Macys! The nearest subway is on 33rd st, just a few minutes away. This is on the 6 Line, and goes up and downtown, and you can use it to link with the other lines. We did a lot of walking when we were there as everything is so close. Taxi cabs are also very reasonable, so if you're heading out in the evening you should grab one, cause if like us your feet will need a rest at that stage! We loved our stay in this hotel, would definitely go back, and would definitely recommend it to our frineds.	
Apr 6 2008 	Nice Accomodations	After reviewing many hotels my boyfriend and I decided to give Thirty Thirty a try for our overnight stay in NY. The price was more fitting for our budget and the location was pretty good for our purposes. The cab ride to the theater was under $10 and there are plenty of places within walking distance to eat and shop. As was mentioned in previous reviews there is a very nice restaurant/lounge inside of the hotel. The staff at both the restaurant and the hotel was very helpful, professional, and friendly. The room was very small, but that wasn't a problem since our trip was only overnight. We had a standard queen room that had a closet with two small drawers and a televison and two nightstands. The room was clean with exception for the carpet that was heavily stained in some areas, but still looked to be freshly vacuumed. The bathroom was very nice and clean. The hotel was quiet and we had a very comfortable evening. If our budget is tight we would definitely stay at the Thirty Thirty again.	
Mar 30 2008	tony	Nice place nice staff and location, Eat across the street, Irish pub two minutes walk, Tube two blocks away £3-50 for day ticket, Go anywhere, good underground system, Local bus travel very ropy.If you have a late flight you can leave your cases there all day for a few bucks,there locked away.Don't get conned by the porter, into him booking you a private cab to the airport you'll pay a lot extra, Get a yellow cab, Shuttle Bus or Tube you'll feel better, we'd certainly go back.	
Mar 21 2008 	We had a great stay at the thirty thirty	We have just returned from a five day stay at this hotel. We had read the previous reviews so we where very sceptical on arrival........ What a lovely pleasant surprise our room was, yes it was small but beautifully formed!! Fresh linen every day, bed was sooo comfy. Great shower. staff where really helpful &amp; friendly. We also had a small problem with the toilet but it was sorted within minutes of us speaking to reception. We did see a few of the long stay residents but i thought they where quirky &amp; certainly not a problem.We found a really good deli on the corner of 31st &amp; Madison called the times square bagel. Excellent value &amp; lovely chocolate &amp; cheese muffins. The fruit bowls where really good too.All in all, as stated in previous reviews great location. When we come back to new york we will definitely stay at the thirty thirty.Dallas BBQ by the dakota buildings has great food, huge portions, good value &amp; very nice margheritas!!!So dont be put off give the hotel thirty thirty a try ;-)	
Mar 14 2008 	We heart Thirty Thirty	My boyfriend and I stayed at the hotel thirty thirty from 5th -12th March '08. After reading some of the negative reviews on this site I wasn't expecting a great stay as many people seemed to have encountered lots of problems with the hotel. However I am pleased to say we both LOVED the thirty thirty...the staff were always friendly and helpful, even arranging transport to the airport for the outbound journey and storing luggage for the day as our flight was at night. We were given room 205 on the second floor which was clean and comfortable for the two of us, the slate bathroom was gorgeous and boasted a powerful shower and hairdryer. The bed was made and fresh towels left out daily. The hotel is in a perfect central location...we walked almost everywhere...the Empire State Building, Macy's and Times Sqaure were all close by. Check out the offers at reception...we managed to get $6 off each on tickets to Madame Tussauds New York and free drinks at the Crooked Knife, the pub directly opposite the hotel. Would recommend the Californian Pizza Kitchen as a local eaterie, just a short walk down the street. The only downside would be the view from our room overlooked a square of very tall buildings, and being on a low level floor, we didnt get much light, but it was only a minor flaw in what was overall a fantastic stay at the thirty thirty. We would definatley stay here again if we came back to New York.	
Mar 12 2008 	great welcome at thirty thirty	Just returned from four day break in New York with my daughter and friends stayed at the Thirty Thirty Hotel. The hotel is idealy located for sight seeing. A few blocks from Empire State Building and within easy walking distance of Times Square and shops especially Macey,sThe hotel itself was clean, beds very comfortable. rooms more than adequate for our needs. The staff were helpfull and friendly at all times nothing was to much trouble for them. they even loaned us umbrellas when it was raining we had a fabulous time thank you A realy good welcome was given to everyone they even arranged our transport back to the airport. and let us keep our room on at a very reasonable charge as we had a late flight backI would recommend this hotel to anyone.People who wrote bad reviews about this hotel must be hard to please.I,m glad we gave it a try	
Mar 6 2008 	great location good hotel	If you're looking for central accommodation in midtown, a few blocks from the Empire State building, you shouldn't expect the Hilton for under $200 a night. Thirty Thirty hotel is well situated, 2 blocks from the subway, in a nice area with immediate access to many of the big sights in NYC. Macy's is just a few blocks around the corner, the Rockerfeller Centre, Central Park, Times Square all just a few stops on the subway. We stayed for 2 nights in Feb 2008, the hotel room was clean with nice ensuite. The room wasn't huge but who cares when you are there to visit the city and only want a room to sleep / relax for half an hour in. Everything worked fine, except a small incident with the toilet which was fixed quickly by the helpful staff. We did loads of exploring from this place which was an excellent base for getting around the city. In summary, this is a good deal, nice location. If you want luxury then you should look elsewhere and spend more per night. For cleanliness comfort and location this hotel was good.	
Mar 3 2008 	Thirty thirty - better than expected	After reading some of the reviews on this site before I left, I was travelling with some trepidation, not sure what I should expect. However I found Thirty Thirty to be a well situated hotel, with friendly and helpful reception staff. The room was smallish (but what do you expect for that rate in the heart of NY?) but clean and had plenty of storage, TV, phone, hairdryer. Bathroom was an average size but OK for just the 2 of us. We only used the adjoining restaurant once for breakfast, as there were so many other places to try, but it was fine and typically priced. Overall if you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel with easy access to all the major sights I would recommend it.	
Feb 20 2008 	dont listen to the bad reviews!	Me, my partner and another couple stayed at this hotel for 4nights over the valentines day period. Having been to NYC before i knew the hotels there werent amazing unless you paid alot for them so i didnt go with too high hopes! After reading the reviews i was a bit concerned but how wrong they were!Our room was on the top floor and was an average size, with a spacious bathroom, hairdryer and tv, but the selling point about this hotel was the view!! Looking out of our window we stared straight at the empire state building-priceless!The room was clean and bedding and linen were changed everyday. The staff were friendly and helpful and we enjoyed drinks at the bar. The hotel was no Plaza but hey it was an excellent location and i would definatley stay there again!!!	
Feb 19 2008 	A very good hotel!	Like previous reviewers, after reading some of the reviews about this hotel I started to panic even though it was recommended by my travel agent friend. I was travelling with a friend of mine (for 6 nights) and I didn't want to worry her about the reviews so I kept my mouth shut. However when we got there, there was absolutely nothing to worry about. Check-in was quick and easy, the only problem was we had booked a twin room but the only room they had left was a double, they said to get back to them the next day but we didn't bother because it was no big deal - although it must be said they were very helpful in trying to rectify what could have been an embarrasing and uncomfortable situation. The room itself was a bit small but had more than enough room for a double bed and ample space to put our two massive suitcases. The bathroom on the otherhand was really quite big! It consisted of a toilet, sink with a big mirror that had five light bulbs along the top (the sort you'd see in an actor's dressing room) and a bath/shower. The water pressure in the shower was comparable to that of a firemans hose - very powerful, it was great. In the bedroom there were two small bedside cabinets with a lamp on each and a tv on a bracket on the wall, which had lots of different channels. The bed was very comfortable and the sheets were clean and cosy. These were changed every day along with the towels and face cloths. Don't get me wrong the room we stayed in wasn't plush but it was clean and comfortable. If you're looking for a good base, somewhere decent to rest your head while you stay in the fabulous NYC then this is for you. And another great thing about this place is that it's so quiet - you wouldn't even know you were in the city, and its handy to just about everywhere! Another thing was that at the end of the holiday the door man organised us a taxi back to JFK airport and saved us a complete fortune (i had read other reviews saying that he had ripped them off but this absolutely wasn't the case). I can only go by my experience of this hotel but it was great and I would def recommend it.	
Feb 18 2008 	Disreguard the bad reviews we loved it now for the truth!	I pride myself on reading these reviews before i settle for a hotel, but against my better judgement we booked into the 30/30 because it was a good deal with Virgin, 6 nts for the price of 4.I read all the reviews on trip advisor, and thought oh my god, ranked really low what have i let myself in for.I am going to be very truthful about his hotel, so you 'really' know what to expect, i hope it will help you in making your own informed choice. So here goes..........On arrival we were met by the doorman who straight away took our suitcases and placed them on a trolley, i went to reception, hubby went to the information desk where all the trips were displayed nicely. On first impressions, i thought it was begining to need re-decorating, and the furniture was a bit tatty, but not to extreme. Everywhere in reception was clean and tidy. We checked into room 902 on the 9th floor, the corridors and carpets were clean, and everywhere seemed very quiet.On entering the room it was freezing, but the windows were shut! I thought my god no heating yikes, but the doorman brought our cases up, gave him a couple of dollers, and bless him, he put the heating on full blast. It temperature control on the wall, so you can turn it up or down as you wish, it got to hot some nights. So heres the description of the room.We had one window looking out onto offices, and over looking the Empire state building.We had a huge double bed/or queen, plus two chest of drawers and table lamps. We had an old Tv which was useless, many channels, but typical USA rubbish on it and useless adverts, the trouble was the ariel, it just didnt work.We had a double wardrobe next to the bed in which it slided across, also another closet with an ironing board and hanging space, plenty of room for storage and shopping, i went with one case and came back with three!!!! The window was a good size has white roller blinds, it can be open, but not very far as you are so high up. It had also a smoke detctor.Nice white ceilings, light beige wallpaper, wine coloured carpet which was dry and clean.In the bathroom it was tiled, it had a sink and a toilet which worked, and a excellent shower and screen, no bath, all tiled to a good standard.The bed had a clean mattress as we checked and clean pillows, maid service was EVERY DAY, so clean bedding and fresh flannels and towels. We actually had a bulb that went in the little hallway, we never mentioned it, but noticed that it was renewed the next day, so very good service. The staff were not Amercian, but they were attentive, and gave us directions when required. They always remembered us, and greeted us at the door and very helpful.It got abit confusing with the west and east getting around, but if you use the Empire state building as a guide, you will be fine. Macy's is brilliant for shopping, pick your 11% discount card up from reception, dnky jeans for £20! Central park is about half an hours walk, worth going on a horse drawn carriage, we found the ROCK (rockerfellas centre) better then the empire state, cheaper and you can go to the top and get 360% views and no perspex, so i can recommend that. To see Mamia mia on broadway is a must, and the Liberty helicopter ride is a fantastic experience you will not forget.The only downside to the trip is the New yorkers themselves, i found them very rude, no pleases and thank yous except the older generation. Food shops especially the delis are very good. We ate at Tads near the corner of Macys and 'Andrews', they had good food and very good prices.We experienced minus 7 degrees in the day, had freezing cold weather, sun, wind and best of all the snow.My experience of the thirty thirty hotel and the shopping was absolutely fabulous.May i add that normally i am a 4-5 star person, not a snob, but do like the comforts of a up market hotel, but please believe me when i say we had a truely wonderful stay at this hotel and would return. It was clean and tidy, no frills, basic yes, but had what you needed. You will need to bring your onw kettle if you want a drink, although saying this there is a deli across the small road open 24 hours, so we often picked up a coffee on route.Straightners will work in the rooms but bring an adapter, they do have hair dryers.I also would like to mention about the homeless people that live there, they are not exactly homeless but pay a small amount, they are not rude, dirty, but are very chatty and walk around with slippers on. We spoke to them, and they were very curtious. They do have dogs in the building, but that said, they do in other hotels and in the shops! So it is the norm.I hope you have a great time, and i hope i have mentioned some helpful advice to help you make your decision.Michelle x	
Feb 17 2008 	Excellent Choice	Me and my wife spent 4 nights at the Thirty Thirty New York at end of January 08. We read these reviews a few days before we departed and our hearts sank as they were so bad. We even tried to change our hotel, but it was too late. Anyway, in the end we had nothing to worry about. The hotel was clean and smelt fresh. The location and area was great (literally minutes from the Empire State Buiding and about 10 mins from Macys &amp; 15 mins from Times Square/main shopping along 5th Avenue.) The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. We stayed in room 443 which was an OK size but it was more than big enough for us and our luggage. As stated by others the shower and bed linen was exceptionally good. Our view wasn't great, but that didn't bother us. The only downsides were a slight draft through the windows and like others the toilet blocked the 1st time we used it - but then again a maintenance man unblocked it within 5 minutes of asking. All and all, this hotel was great and I would stay there again, no question. I hope my review helps put some of your minds at rest after reading some of the not so favourable reviews.	
Feb 15 2008 	Fantastic	We read the reviews just before we went and our hearts sank but on arrival we were pleasantly surprised. Not only were the staff helpful and polite but the decor was fresh and airy.Our room (941) was clean, beautifully decorated and well-equipped - iron, ironing board, hairdryer, coffeemaker and masses of storage space, as well a safe.The bathroom was big enough with a powerful and, more importantly, hot shower. Towels and linen were changed everyday and the temperature in the room was easily controlled by a themostat system that you control.For what we paid (£400 for 4 nights inc BA flights) we were thrilled.Location and facilities were excellent, the tea place, Subtle Tea, across the street on the corner of Madison and 30th is amazing as is the deli just along 30th street- Cafe Au Bon Gout- is great for quick breakfasts and great service. Zana, the hotel's restaurant, wasn't great but then we'd previously eaten at Cafe Carlyle so the standard set was high.Would we go back? Most definitely-a real find.	
Feb 5 2008	could be a disaster !	My wife had booked the hotel before I had time to check out the advisor so it was with some trepidation that we arrived for a 4 night stay. The upside is location, the helpful reception and concierge and possibly price. Iam told that the hotel is owned by a group of Albanians.The next door bar/restaurant [Zana] is OK but is not good value and the bar service is hopeless. Usual story :waitrons live on tips but it gets tiresome chasing your change all the time.There is a good Irish bar 100yards toward east [Desmonds] and the restaurant over the road [Crooked knife] is better but not really up to NYC standards.The room was small and dirty. Linen service at 5pm. The sheets had not been changed prior to our arrival . It is true that the top floor is residential for retired ladies and it can get a bit odd when they hang round the bar early evening. I can imagine it being easy to get this whole place wrong in one trip and having a nightmare. No Americans work here and it shows.	
Feb 3 2008 	Don't Believe the Pictures	The hotel decor was depressing, really. We couldn't reconcile the website photos with the reality. The walls, ceilings, carpeting are battleship gray, the lighting throughout is dim, and adornment, sparse. I caught myself wondering if my future prospects are really this bleak. Our room did not have a closet, not even a wardrobe. Frankly, there's no place to put anything if you're staying more than a night. The staff was nice, and there's a great pub for lunch and dinner directly across the street.	
Jan 28 2008	Would never stay there again	We stayed in this hotel in October 2007. Our first visit to New York and a belated honeymoon. We absolutely loved New York and will return as soon as we can but just not to this hotel.The main reception area is lovely and can be a bit misleading when it comes to prejudging the rest of the hotel. The reception staff were not at all friendly. We arrived late after a long wait in the airport and there was not so much as a greeting. The hotel room was awful. The picture we saw on the internet had obviously been taken with a very wide angled lens as there was barely enough room to walk along the bottom of the bed between the wall. We kind of thought Ok we are here to see asmuch of New York as possible and not spend time in the hotel room but even so. The room had no view except the brick wall of the next door building. therefore it was dark, very dark. We had to have the light on and the blind drawn during the day as there were workmen working outside. The bathroom had seen better days and the tiles were filthy. We had no towels left for us on two of our days there except a hand towel which we shared after our shower!There was an awful smell in the corridor and in our room. A damp mouldy smell. Our sheets had holes in and the blankets did not smell fresh.So to sum up we would not reccoment it but don't be put off New York was brilliant. Everyone else we came across was friendly especially the taxi drivers. The people we met were so proud of where they lived and quite rightly so. It was spotless and we felt so safe.Hope this has been helpful	
Jan 26 2008 	If you get offered Room 1029 say no! It's hot and it stinks!!	We stayed at the Hotel Thirty Thirty for six nights in January. Upon arrival, we gave our reservation number to the guy on reception (I believe the manager) who after looking at his computer appeared a bit flustered. He sent a colleague up to room 1029, who confirmed it was ‘clean’ when he returned to the lobby.When we got to the room, our first impressions were good. We had booked a standard room but the bed appeared to be kingsize and the room and bathroom were both of a very reasonable size, although the bathroom in particular needed a good clean and/or redecoration.However, there was a strong smell of air freshener and the room was very hot (reaching over 80F during our stay compared to the 20/30F cold outside). During the week we asked three times for the heating to be reduced (the hotel information states each room has guest controlled air conditioning but there was no control at all in our room). After the third attempt we were given a fan, which was noisy and pretty ineffective. So we left the windows open but as our windows faced another tall building there was no breeze coming in at all. The room was also inadequately lit making it feel even dingier. On our first full day we returned to our room late afternoon to be confronted with THE MOST DISGUSTING SMELL – cheesey/ vomity, I really can’t describe it. We had no idea where it was coming from but it filled the whole room. We opened the windows and brewed some coffee and the smell gradually faded.Then a couple of days later, again late afternoon/early evening I was having a shower when the smell started to fill the bathroom. Luckily I had nearly finished as it made me heave and I could stay in there no longer. The smell was worse in the corner by the toilet, we think it was coming in through a vent in the ceiling. The room next to us was occupied by a woman, who every time we came into or left our room, was sat at a computer with the TV on and her door propped open. There was a bag of clothes/towels outside the door and the bed was covered in more clothes. We assume she was living there, as other reviews on here have mentioned.Our theory about the smell is that she was possibly cooking something in there at the same time every day and that the smell was coming through from her room into our bathroom next door. The smell was apparent in the room at some point each day either when we returned to the hotel or before we went out again for dinner. One evening, it was later than usual and when we went out to eat I had totally lost my appetite as all I could think about was the smell and it made me feel ill.Looking back at our arrival, we now think the staff member was sent up to check for the smell rather than whether it was clean and it explains the overuse of the air freshener. We think we were probably given the room because of some error in their booking system.On the plus side the hotel was well located for the Empire State Building and Macey’s and close to the 28th and 33rd Street subway stations. The porter Mohamed was very helpful and friendly and the rest of the staff, although not overly chatty, were polite enough. The bed was made every day and towels replaced. Also we used the hotel car service back to the airport which at $70 including tolls was cheaper than the taxi we had got into the city.Unfortunately the Thirty Thirty Hotel slightly spoilt our trip to New York. By the end of the week I was dreading going back there because of the smell. If we’d had another room we could have had a totally different experience but we can only go by what happened to us and we would certainly not recommend the Thirty Thirty Hotel to anyone.	
Jan 25 2008 	No thrills but no problems Great for price!	Stayed for New Years. Cheap price. Not fancy but clean and had all you needed. Great for young or budget travellers. You get a nice place to sleep and shower. Not many services but friendly and efficient staff.	
Jan 21 2008	Above average hotel	Having read some of the negative reviews for this hotel, we were pleasantly surprised. We had a double room and, although not the biggest room we've stayed in, it had a comfy bed, large TV, clean bathroom (maid service each morning with clean towels/mini shower gels/soaps). We also had a filter coffee machine in the room (would have preferred a cup of tea but hey, we're not going to mark the hotel down for that!).Door staff really pleasant, our cases were brought to the room. Expect to tip for everything though!The real positive is the location of the hotel. It is in a great area of NY and within walking distance to most of the major attractions. Zena's bar next door is OK; quite pricey for breakfast, would recommend trying to find the real american breakfast of eggs benedict/bagels etc (there are plenty of cafes to choose from around the area). We would definately stay at this hotel again and recommend it as an ideal central location for a sightseeing break.	
Jan 18 2008 	Nicer than other NYC chain hotels I've stayed at.	Stayed at the hotel for a girl’s weekend. We both were pleasantly surprised by how nice the hotel was for the low price we paid. Definitely not a glitzy/glamorous NYC hotel, but it was clean, had wonderful soft down bedding, simple modern furniture and a safe in the room. The proximity to the #6 train was wonderful. I would most definitely recommend this hotel for anyone in need of a safe/clean/convenient place to stay and would rather use their money for NYC fun, than on an small, overpriced room at a chain hotel.	
Jan 13 2008 	Pretty Modern Place	Nice place, stayed here on a business trip. Very modern, good location. Would recommend. Very clean.	
Jan 10 2008 	Comfy Hotel - Great Location	My boyfriend &amp; I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights before Christmas. It was in an excellent location within walking distance from the heart of shopping on 5th Avenue &amp; Times Square. The Empire State Building is only 2 minutes away. The staff were very friendly &amp; especially the door staff as they give us excellent tips on shopping and places to eat. The room was perfect. We stayed on the 6th floor. The room was plenty big with a big comfy double bed with lots of pillows and a duvet. The shower was a decent size too. The room was very clean. I would stay at this hotel again if i return to new york for shopping.	
Jan 4 2008 	Wish I'd checked this Website!	I stayed at this hotel during the weekend of the New York marathon when rooms were hard to come by and were still very expensive. I paid $375 a night plus taxes on top as it was the cheapest I could find for 4 star. I regularly stay at 4 and 5 star hotels and there is no way I would rate this as 4 star. It was absolutely awful and the staff were rude and unhelpful. I really wish I'd checked out this website before going. I wouold never stay here again!!!	
Jan 4 2008 	The more you ask the better the Thirty Thirty gets	Planning to stay at the Thirty Thirty for twelve days I was hoping their Petite Single room was going to provide me with some basic comfort. Upon check-in I was given room 315. It was a very small room which I was expecting. What I was not expecting was the size and condition of the bathroom. I contacted the reservation desk and informed them I needed a larger room with a decent bathroom. After viewing two additional rooms I was given a larger room with a spanking new bathroom. Four days before my departure date I was moved to room 838 which was a true gem of a room. If you are staying at the Thirty Thirty give room 838 a try. The Thirty Thirty meets all the basic requirements of a hotel in New York. The Thirty Thirty is well located between Park Avenue South and 5th, just minutes from Union Square and Grand Central Station. The concierge and reservations staff are moody but helpful (if pushed). On the other hand the support staff including cleaners and maintenance are incredibly helpful and very willing to help.	
Dec 29 2007 	dirty dirty hotel	myself my friend and her son and my daughter went to new york for my daughters 21st,the rooms in this hotel were disgusting we particularly asked for a low floor as my daughter has a fear of elevators,when we checked in we were on the top floor,that was the first disaster,we fought to get the rooms changed passing buckets in the corridors to catch the water coming in through the roof,we were then shown to 2 dirty rooms that smelled of damp and dirt with a few dead crawlie things on the carpet,we complained to the manager who didn't give a toss,we later found out after sleepless nights that the place housed homeless women and still did,we were approached by a drunken woman one night in the corridor,it was a disgrace when we got back home we took our story to the national paper who in turn sent a reporter to investigate for himself,he ran a story with photos when he got back confirming our complaint we eventually got £400 back between us not much for 5 nights of hell in a doss house. BE WARNED STAY CLEAR....	
Dec 24 2007	12 Dec - 17 Dec 07	When reading the reviews prior to my holiday I was concerned about the number of negative ones. On arrival the staff were courteous and helpful, the room was small but what do you expect - New York City. The room was clean, comfortable with nice pillows.I had a fantastic stay, no complaints what so ever.	
Dec 18 2007 	Improved! Surprise surprise.	I have stayed at the Thirty Thirty one time previously and it was horrible. Tight room, dirty and pricey. But due to it being 1 block from my corporate office I decided to give it another try and I am glad I did. Room this time was a Queen, which included a comfortable queen bed, nice desk and a 35 inch television. The room was clean, possibly recently renovated but I am unsure. Bathroom was all marble / slate, very clean and had a powerful shower, much different than the double twin room I stayed in one year previously.It is a bit pricey, $300+ but location is great for me and it was clean and comfortbable.	
Dec 11 2007 	Hotel Dirty Dirty!!!!!!	I stayed at Hotel Dirty Dirty for a business trip, my first room smelt of smelly old man. i gave them the benefit of the doubt and opened the window for the entire day, when I returned to the room it was even worse! I went to the front desk and asked to have my room switched. They did accomodate me and found me a new room which is when the trouble started. To begin with the bathroom is so DIRTY! The floors were sticky and dirty and I wouldn't step on the floor or carpet without my shoes on, I even showered with my sneakers on it was that bad. The person in the room next to me listened to his TV at the loudest possible setting and when I called the front desk they told me they would send someone up. Hours later and unable to take it any longer I called the front desk AGAIN! The women came up with security and entered the room in which NO GUEST WERE ASSIGNED and shut the TV off, I was at my door when the women told the security guard that I was a complaining nasty [--]. I opened the door to defend my honor as I am always courtious and polite even when there is a complaint and then I realised they weren't worth the effort. This hotel is run by LOW LIFE, UNEDUCATED people who don't give a damn. I returned to work the next day and had all 39 employees switched to a new hotel.... BE AWARE THE WEBSITE LOOKS NOTHING LIKE THE ROOMS, I FELT LIKE I WAS IN A HALF WAY HOUSE FOR CRACK ADDICTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Dec 8 2007 	Try Elsewhere	We've just returned from staying at the 3030. The reception area is functional with no bar and very minimal seating area. Do not think for one moment the reception staff are there to assist you in any shape or form. They won't.We booked a superior room (room 1044) and the room was large. However, on the downside for such a large room the bathroom only contained a shower and a loo. The sink was relocated into the bedroom, it would have been better to decrease the bedroom size and increase the bathroom.For two days towels never arrived in the hotel room. It took three attempts at reception to get towels and hangers delivered to the room. No newspaper ever made it to our bedroom door.A very small closet so don't take too much luggage!As for the potential for homeless residents. Believe me they have people living there. On the tenth floor there were three rooms with fulltime occupants. The room next to ours housed two woman, and the smell of cats and pot filled the hallways whenever we returned back to our room. Then there was the room opposite the lift which the occupant constantly left her dirty laundry outside in a cart, this included revolting underwear and a blood stained bath mats. These were left outside in the hallway our entire stay. We also spotted other ghost like appearances of other woman shuffling around the 10th floor. This doesn't add to the ambience of the hotel and it SHOULD be stated clearly there are fulltime homeless occupants living in the hotel.Chambermaid service is minimal, though the room was clean on check-in the shower and sink were never cleaned during our stay. Water glasses were never taken away and fresh ones replaced. The coffee machine was never emptied and left to stand for days if we weren't using it. We ended up taking our own rubbish out to the street and used a public bin to get rid of our rubbish and this was never cleared away. Just the bed was made. On the upside, the room was quiet and the location is good for sight seeing. However for $2,200 I wouldn't bother going back and would recommend you carry on in your search for a hotel. THIS HOTEL IS NOT TO BE RECOMMENDED.	
Dec 5 2007 	Ew	What a racket-- this place is so overpriced-- and for what? It was clean and efficient and fine-- but for the rates they charge it should be more than just passable. Ridiculous. When I checked in at 4:30 there were no towels in my bathroom. The bathroom was fine and clean and actually quite spacious. Although the bedroom was tiny, tiny, tiny. So tiny, the TV was installed high up in the corner, too high to watch anything. The location isn't even ideal. I really don't understand this hotel. I only staid here b/c that's where I was put for business and would never have chosen such a rip off on my own.	
Nov 29 2007	Don't stay here	Karen from Atlanta:This was the most over-priced hotel-- about $900 for two nights-- I've ever stayed in. It was awful. There was not one surface in the bathroom to put one item. There was a pedestal sink with sloping sides, and even the toilet top was sloping so you couldn't use that to put your toiletries. I had to put everything on the floor. The room was freezing. They finally brought the temperature above 63 degrees using a space heater. An old copy of the New York Post littered the floor outside our door and the previous occupants bottled water sat on the window sill until I put it out in the hall.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great Location	i stayed here for 3 nights while on a shopping trip with 2 friends. the hotel is in an absolutely fab location. i found the staff very friendly and courteous. the room we stayed in contained 2 queen size beds and there was also a couch in it aswell as 2 teles. it was a big room with plenty of room for our suitcases and all our shopping. the hotel overall was very clean and i would recommend it to anyone. it is only a couple of minutes walk from the Empire State building and the location of this hotel is one of its biggest selling points. When i return to New York i will stay here again. one thing i found with the rooms is that the walls are a little thin, so if you are light sleeper beware or just wear ear muffs. it didnt bother me though.	
Nov 26 2007 	Would not reccommend but good location	We actually won our stay here which was good because I would not pay the prices they charge at this hotel. We had an executive room at with 2 queen beds but only on the 2nd floor. The first room we were given looked a bit grotty and the view was of a brick wall next door! We were given the choice of 2 other rooms so we moved straight away and at least had a view of the street. The executive rooms are large but nothing special. There wasn't enough closet/wardrobe space for even 1 person, no bath, only a shower and no spectacular views. On the good side, the hotel is in a good midtown location and the staff were lovely. The beds and towels were changed daily and the engineer on hand for internet cable access and when our toilet flooded it was cleaned up straight away. Unfortunately as a travel agent I would not reccommend this hotel, I dread to think what the standard rooms are like.	
Nov 25 2007	terrible would never stay here again!!	My second time in nyc. Firstly checked in to the hotel and was given single beds the other 2 people we were on holiday with were asked if they wanted single or double beds we were not even asked and we were put on completely different floors.The room when we arrived was very small bathroom was bigger!! the windows simed to let in more cold air then it keep out. the veiw from it was very poor was of a run down building with a nosie lift that went on all through the night. We went to see the staff at reception about changing up travellers cheques and they said they could only change up $100 for the whole hotel a day wich is 253 rooms i dont think so!! we went back later on when the staff had changed shifts and manged to change up a futher $100 the staff were so rude didnt want to do anything to help. at the end of are stay here when we were checking out are bags and we got apporch by a man who wanted to book are taxi for us back to jfk we were a bit weary of this because he wanted to take a $10 depoist off are $60 fair, when we came back to get are taxi the bloke was very pushy saying are taxi was waiting for us we were 15mins early so we could sort are suitcases before we left for jfk when we got outside we refused to get in the taxi as it was not a proper taxi we asked for are depoist back as we wanted a yellow cab he said if we want a yellow cab we got to get one urself he was so rude he put the icing on the cake of are bad experiance of this hotel never again would we stay here. The location of this hotel was pretty good only 2 blokes from macys and 1 from the empire state building but you do need to get a taxi to times square as it is about a 25 mins walk. next time i would retirn to the hotel i stayed in first time i visted nyc!!	
Nov 23 2007	never again	If you like furry pets, this hotel supplies mice or rats.If you complain, no apology, but the offer of a trap.	
Nov 23 2007 	$350 a night and room was not clean! Spend the extra $ for a real boutique hotel	Ridiculous the cost for the experience. Bathroom was not clean was I arrived - past guest's soap ring still on sink, there was a stain on the sheet. The next day when I came back at 3pm, the housekeeper was in my room chatting on the cell phone, floor was not vacuumed and the same sheets on the bed (stain still there) I reserved a double and it was a twin bed room with a kitchen! No hook or shelf in the bathroom. Sent a note to the Manager directly, never received a response. Spend the extra $100 per night and stay at a real boutique hotel.	
Nov 20 2007 	good value hotel	we visit nyc every year for the last six years, stayed in all different budget hotels, this one is by far the best value hotel we will be definately staying there again next year. like all nyc rooms it was small, bed linen was white and very clean, as were towels. roomwas also clean with a brilliant view of empire state building. we found staff friendly especially doorman he gave us plenty of information on where to shop, eat, visit etc in nyc.	
Nov 14 2007 	Good Location	The hotel was in a very good location for shops. The room was cleaned every day bedlinen and towels were good quaulity. The bathroom was bigwith a great shower. The only down side was there was no tea/coffee facility in room but there was a 24hr deli not far away. We enjoyed our stay in this hotel.	
Nov 14 2007	Not great but not terrible	Just got back from NYC and a 3 night stay at the 30/30 hotel - to be honest, I was a bit worried about it having read the reviews.....so here's the good stuff;The location is fine - right near the Empire State and within walking distance to the shops. There's a fab little deli called Miss K's where you can buy just about everything a minute away from the hotelWe found the staff very nice and helpful - they booked us a cab back to the airport and helped with all the queries we hadThe bathroom was very roomy and the shower was fab.OK now here's the bad stuff;The room was tiny - we couldn't walk around the bottom of the bed as it was right up against the wall. There was no aircon and the windows were nailed shut so it we very stuffyI was really surprised at how much this hotel has been slated - it's a cheap, budget hotel in NYC so I don't really know what people expect! Get out of your room and explore the city!! We'd stay here again....	
Nov 10 2007 	Hated this hotel	My husband and I only stayed two nights in New York. One hotel was on Long Island and very nice and the other was the Hotel Thirty Thirty. The pictures of the rooms are a complete misrepresentation. The only thing that they show accurately is the lobby. We got up to our room and it was the tiniest room I had ever seen. The only thing that the room contained was a bed and a TV(and that was on a second hand stand that was chipping on the sides). Our suitcases barely fit in the room. The bathroom was at the end of the bed and we had to take turns walking to the other side of the room because both of us could not pass through at the same time. The bathroom was also tiny but adequate. It was so small they did not even put up a toilet roll dispenser; rather they put i he roll on one of the pipes underneath the pedestal sink. The restuarant across the street was very good. The next morning we went out before check out and when we had come back they had ripped up the entire floors carpeting. No one at the front desk told me this when I checked out and was suprised that I was blocked from getting my luggage from my room. Not only was there no carpeting but I had to drag my luggage through whatever goo they had put on the floor. No one offered to help me with the luggage and the bottom of my husband's and my luggage was covered with this stuff. Highly, highly disappointing to pay so much and be so disappointed.	
Nov 8 2007	Basic Clean Great Location	Was worried when I read other reviews about this hotel but was pleasantly surprised on arrival. The hotel has a large foyer and 3 lifts which were all in operation. Reception staff were friendly to us and gave us good directions to places. The rooms are really small but having stayed in New York before its normal. Everything in the room was clean and the bathroom was lovely. The maid visited everyday and cleaned the room well and had fresh towels every day.The location was great could walk to lovely restaurants bars (Crooked Knife) across the road gorgeous food and great cosy atmosphere. The empire state building is just around the corner and the subway is within easy reach.I would definately stay here again, only grip is no tea/coffee making facilities in the room.	
Nov 7 2007	Pretty Good Value	We stayed for eight nights on a group booking numbering 30+ people. Single and double rooms. Nice big foyer, Three good sized lifts. Our room was adequate (for UK readers think Travel Inn), no chairs, desk or coffee/tea making equipment. Interesting that no-one mentions the excellent quality bed linen or the quality flannels and towels that are changed daily or the duck down and feather pillows. By the way, do remember to leave a dollar or two on the pillow each day for the maid? Don't forget its how the staff make up their wages. I know it seems alien to us Brits, but when in Rome…One of our group did encounter the famed Thirty Thirty mouse, but after a call to reception, she was moved immediately. Of the rest of the group, nobody else had any noticeable problems that I'm aware of, that were not overcome by a chat to the very helpful reception staff.Breakfast in the cafe/bar adjoining the entrance to the hotel was very pleasant. But we got charged different service charge each of the three times we used it. Just down the road in one direction is Miss K's 24hr deli, and at the other end is Susies deli, where you can buy an amazing range of food and eat on the premises if you wish. Basic but good.For an evening meal there is a very nice pizza restaurant opposite Susies, which is very affordable. But for a real treat, go to the Oyster Bar Restaurant in Grand Central Station. My one lasting impression is something the hotel can do nothing about. The incessant noise of this part of New York.Would I stay there again? Probably not. But on balance, I think you get what you pay for.	
Nov 4 2007	Loved NYC - hated this hotel!!!	We stayed at this hotel for a week as were in new york for a wedding, and from the moment we stepped in the place it was awful. Rude reception staff and the most small room i have ever seen, we were struggling to move round in it. It looked and felt dirty and not even a proper window, half of it was a piece of cardboard as they had not replaced a broken window pane. we complained and the hotel solution was duct tape. we were freezing most of the week from this but hotel was too full to give us a new room. The pane of glass was eventually replaced ater 6 nights!! no good to us as we were leaving anyway. The hotel looked nothing like what it did on the website and was very expensive for what it was. my advice......pay slightly more stay elsewhere.	
Oct 24 2007 	Basic but Very Nice	What a nice little hotel, very clean and brill location right near to the Empire State Building. The subway is only round the corner.There is a nice little bar attached to the hotel which is cosy and nice to sit there of an evening to chill out.I would defo stay here again.	
Oct 22 2007 	Very central location - clean and tidy.	Very central location - not far from Penn Station, near the Empire State Building and sub-way. Our room was on the 9th floor - two single beds. It was small, but clean and tidy. Would liked to have had tea / coffee making facilities. No complaints.	
Oct 21 2007 	below average -far better places and value elsewhere in NYC	I stayed here with 2 others for 4 nights in October. Ill try to be as honest and fair as I can from a British point of view...Location - I guess it depends what you are looking for. We were there for shopping, the location is ok for Macys, 6th Ave etc. But too far for heading to Times Square of an evening. We walked it and it was a good 25-30 min walk each way. Also the area where it was located didnot feel the safest when walking back late at night, very dark with a lot of strange people loitering around. As we were 3 young women we wouldnt stay there again as safety is one thing I will not compromise on. There was very little in the way of restaurants, nightlife etc close by.Hotel itself - the rooms really are tiny. True that you dont go to NYC to sit in your room and to be fair we only really slept there but still, a little more room would have been nice, we kept crashing into each other and into things. There was nowhere for us to unpack or put our clothes or shopping. No mirrors anywhere(!!!) apart from a tiny one in the bathroom. No cups or glasses if you wanted a glass of water and not enough towels, we repeatedly had to call front desk for more. When we complained, we were told that we needed to make a list each morning of what we wanted and hand that to the maid?! Which annoyed me as these are basics things you expect in a hotel. Only one plug socket which made charging things/using hair appliances hard. The room was never cleaned properly and on our last day we started to notice a lot of flies.My final and main warning would be for people to beware of the concierge guy there. He will try to trick you and fleece you as much as he can - for example he told us that to book a taxi back to JFK airport would cost $100! Luckily I have been to NY many times and know that is costs around $50 at the most, but I have no doubt that others will have fallen for this. We got the impression he was scamming to pocket some of the money on taxis/attractions himself. If you want to book anything talk to the guys at reception, they booked us a cab for $50 in the end and when he found out the concierge got pretty intimidating over it all.I think in all reality this is a 2* hotel. Not dire but certainly not what the brochure leads you to believe. Think average, basic and cramped and you ll be on the right track. I would recommend the Hilton Garden Inn off Times Square which i could not fault when I stayed there and it is not too much more expensive!	
Oct 16 2007 	Can't complain!!	Me my gf and I stayed at the 30-30 for a weeks holiday in sept. Yeah, the room was small but you sleep there so don't see it for 8 hours as you're eyes are closed!! Fairly clean, maid service daily, sure they forgot the towels one day, but a call to reception and they were bought up to us.Not overly expensive, but not cheap either.The best part is the location, three blocks from the Empire State Building!!So, overall absolutely no complaints.	
Oct 16 2007 	We lucked out in the end but don't book from the website!!	We booked on a summer promotion...the pictures on the website showed a beautiful room with a large window, etc. WELL, the 3 of us get there and they tell us that the confirmation # the website gave us was invalid and that the only room they had was a SINGLE. We're taken up to a dingy hallway with stained carpets...the room is the smallest hotel room I had ever seen!! The toilet was clogged and when the maintenance guy came up he found A KNIFE was what was clogging it! Nice first impression of NYC!! lol. The shower was terrible and splashed all over the room (there was a curtain, but nothing more separating it from the rest of the bathroom). One of us slept on the bed and the other 2 slept on the floor (one beside the bed and one in the hallway - that's how small this room was.)Anyway, the next day we're moved into a slightly better room with 2 beds (think HoJo quality) but are then informed that the fire code wouldn't let us put a cot in there (which we had requested and paid for!). Another friend at the hotel complained for us and we were upgraded to a GORGEOUS room with a queen bed, glass table and marble bathroom. I wanted to take the bathroom home with me - that's how nice it was!!!!Bottom line, this is a great hotel if you have the $$ to spend, but if you're on a budget, you'll get stuck with something not worth your money. The customer service was like a yo-yo, but the location was great.	
Oct 6 2007 	Save Your Money	We stayed at the Thirty Thirty for 3 nights at the end of our holiday. Firstly we were moaned at for being dropped of at the wrong door!The rooms were not fit to be called hotel rooms by todays standard. Having stayed in New York several times before.One of our 2 rooms didn't even have the wash basin in the bathroom it was so small!We were on a 4 centre holiday and the accomadation was booked as a package, we didn't have any problems or concerns with any of the 3 other hotels that we stayed at.I would seriously advice you to save your money and give the Hotel Thirty Thirty a miss.	
Oct 3 2007	good hotel for short stays	stopped at the thirty thirty for 5 nights had a twin room on 12th floor small rooms but very clean and tidy plenty hot water to shower clean towels staff friendly and helpful its a good base for shopping and sightseening the empire state building its just round the corner in the next block as is macys etc 5 to 10 min walk i would stop at this hotel again as it was easy to get to see everything in new york only advice take a good pair walking shoes dress for comfort as it gets hot and enjoy	
Oct 2 2007 	No customer service here	I stayed at this hotel for business related travel and was told the rate was exceptionally cheap for NYC, which I found hard to believe (it was still almost $300 per night). I found the rooms to be small, cramped, stuffy and overpriced. The beds are comfortable but very small. The fixtures were old and outdated in the bathroom, and any type of standard electronics I had to charge (cell phone, ipod, laptop) kept falling out of the [only] plug in the wall! As for the staff, I called ahead to confirm my reservation and was put on hold several times, to then be given attitude by the reception staff who could not find my reservation due to their misspelling of my name. Upon check-in was a similar experience- the staff seems dour and totally uninterested in helping out guests or going out of their way in any sense. I also had to book a cab for the airport the next morning, and that in itself seemed complicated (and overpriced) - I probably would have been better hailing one on the street. After returning home, they had the wrong name on my hotel bill and I called to ask if they could send me a new one, to which again I was given a lot of attitude; my sense of the staff overall was rude and uninterested in any type of customer service. I will say the hotel is centrally located and within walking distance to subway stop, Grand Central, and other points of interest, but that is about it.	
Sep 26 2007	Okay but great location.	This was just an okay hotel.To be honest ,we were going to this hotel with trepidation after reading some of the reviews. So here is the honest truth. You wont get help with your luggage and contrary to another review ,the lifts were fine.Spacious enough for 2 people and 3 large suitcases with room left over.Our standard room was small and old fashioned but spotless. Plenty of hot water and clean towels. Not a lot of wardrobe space and hangers .We had it cleaned and received clean towels everyday for the week we were there, But if you are in New York,surely this room would only be for sleeping? Only problem was the AC went like a train so couldnt be used in the night.The location was excellent ,3 blocks form Macys and another 6/7 for times square.Most of the reception staff were nice,one or too rude ones but didnt have much to do with them. Dont expect too much and you wont be surprised.One tip:Use your conceirge. We had 2 that told us a lot about trips and restaurants that we would'nt have known about before we came.Cafe and restaurant ,Zana ,beside it and great bar &quot;The Crooked Knife&quot; right across the road which serves lovely food and nice pleasant staff.So overall the room was basic but small and the location was excellent. Find the nice staff and stick to them.They booked reservations for us no problem. If you have a early check out time but late flight then they will let you keep the room for 50 dollars plus tax which is great.	
Sep 25 2007 	One moody member of staff but a GREAT stay!	Upon arriving at the hotel we were told by a very unhelpful member of staff that our double was not available and that we were to have a twin instead. No problem apart from the attitude!Thirty minutes later and we enquired (with a different member of staff) as to when we could change rooms the next day?The very helpful staff member checked the system and said we could change now and did we want any help with our bags!From that moment on our stay at the hotel was superb! All the staff (apart from the one) were very friendly and helpful towards us throughout our 5 day stay. The rooms were clean and comfortable (if a little small). A great hotel, great location and we will be staying there again if I can ever afford to go to NYC again!	
Sep 22 2007	Great place to stay	After reading some dreadful reviews for this hotel, I was pleasantly surprised by our great room. It was a standard twin room and although a bit small had very, very comfortable beds, huge TV, lovely bathroom with clean towels &amp; products everyday. We also had a filter coffee machine. The hotel is in a great location and has a really good bar/restaurant. Also there is a fab pub right across the road that does really good food. We found the reception staff very friendly and helpful and a porter helped us with our cases. I would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 19 2007 	situated just in the right place	I stayed in the thirty thirty for two nights from the 9th September as a stop over before going onto Dallas. I felt that although the room I stayed in was adequate for somewhere to sleep and shower it was not as described in the brochure or web site. other members of our party found their room had a strange smell and the bathroom grillwas stuck up with tape and the other couple requested a room change which they did get as they were situated right next to the lift and this was a superior room. the hotel is probably one of the best situations for visiting the touristy things to see in New York. thereis no facility to eat at the hotel except at the ajoining restaurant (could not charge to hotel bill) or across the road in the evening. places we visited in a short time was, Central Park, Empire State Building, Rockafella centre, Times Square, Ground Zero, Carnie Hall, Grand Central Station, Little Italy and China Town. a trip on the hopon hop off bus, the escorts are full of interesting information is a must. spot the celeb is a game you can play we say Oprah, Willie Nelson and Sarah Ferguson. plenty shops to fill your spare time if there is any go along 5th Avenue and off all of the little side roads. don't forget the camera, many little places to eat and drink as you go.	
Sep 18 2007 	ideal for first time	i was a bit dubious about staying at this hotel at first as it had mixed reviews. the room was small but very clean and the staff were very friendly. it is situated a couple of blocks from the empire state building , hearld square and macys. there is a bar /restaurant of the hotel. small but good. i would recommend this hotel.	
Sep 10 2007	It will do for a cheap weekend	The hotel will do for a cheap weekend stay on a budget, we did not have any particular issues with the hotel itself, our room was clean and comfortable a bit on the small side perhaps but I did not expect a large room in New York.The hotel decor was very bland and the staff were bland the hotel food was quite high priced and bland, but as others have said you don't go to Manhattan to sit in your hotel.The worse thing we found was the location apart from the empire state it was quite a way from anything, we had a hard job finding a nice resturant to eat in on foot. We did enjoy having our coffee outside on some table on the pavement and watching the world go by for a bit	
Aug 28 2007 	Oh dear...	Paying £136 a night for one standard room for two adults, we thought we would be ok. How very wrong we were. No one at the door to greet us or help us with our baggage, very cold reception staff too. The hotel lobby reminded me of a basement or the entrance to a London tube station - garish lighting and grey brick walls - were they trying to recreate a minimalist look? Took the lift [which looked liked it should belong in a hospital] to the 10th floor and stepped out onto a dull corridor and found our room which was right next to the noisiest air-conditioning unit ever. The room was disgusting, about the size of a large car, stains on the carpet, it smelt awful, the bathroom couldn't even fit one person in it. Nowhere to put any belongings. We asked to be moved to a different room, they gave us one of the same size. The main room was smaller but at least the bathroom was bigger. However, the bathroom was so dirty you did not want to walk bare foot in there - other people's hair on the floor. The conditioning unit in the room was very noisy so we could not have it on during the night [despite it being august]. During the nightwe woke up to the most appauling smell, it was horrendous. The next day it got worse. Whilst getting ready for going out for the evening my daughter went to the wardrobe and a MOUSE ran from under her bed and down a hole beside the wardrobe. She id not tell me about this until later that evening, she was worried about my reaction, but when we returned at 11pm we went into out room to find the radio playing full volume. This was it. I went downstairs to complain and as I was waiting for the lift, the mouse ran down the corridor towards me and into another room - FOUL! I was furious, went to speak to the front desk and their reaction was 'all hotels have mice'. After a lot of arguing we were, thankfully, upgraded to a nicer room, although they were reluctant and refused at first because we hadn't paid for a better room. The staff were rude and unhelpful. The decor is dull and drab, the carpets are filthy and the whole place smells. And it's in the sleazy area of town...DON'T DO IT!!!!!!	
Aug 25 2007 	Would have prefered the sink to be in the bathroom as opposed to next to my bed.	The rug was nasty (worn), but the bed was comfortable. One morning, I heard the cleaning staff arguing with one another (pretty loud) outside my door. Other than that, it was a place to stay. It's NYC, when you there, you don't stay in the room all of the time.	
Aug 24 2007 	Very disappointed	The hotel's website makes it look like a boutique hotel located in the centre of Manahttan that has everything you need. In reality the hotel is poor at best. When we arrived at the hotel we were told that there was no room for us, even though we had a hard copy of the e-mail confirmation. Eventually we were offered a small, dark and dirty room which was in bad repair, which we refused. We then spent our first night (we are a family of 4) in two separate extremely small rooms where the air conditioning in both was ineffective and noisy. The next day we were moved to an &quot;executive&quot; room which was extremely disappointing; dark, small and with no wardrobes. The staff were most unhelpful at all times. We will definitely not be returning to the 30 30.	
Aug 24 2007 	shoddy hotel no way it's a 3* its a very basic hotel	There is no way this hotel is a 3*. It's a complete dive I have stayed in better hostels in Australia and the location is not great yes it is round the corner form the Empire estate building but you’re only going to visit that once better off staying on 7th near Times Square. The hotel room we got was shocking very tiny room No cover on the duvet and the room smelled of old cigarette smoke and dampness. We paid for a double but all they could give us was a twin and they were not apologetic at all and no help with our bags.	
Aug 23 2007 	Excellent hotel and location	I am surprised by some of the negative reviews left. I stayed at the Hotel 30-30 in Feb/March 2007 and thought it was excellent – very clean and modern and better than we expected. I’ve been looking at returning next year.The location was great. People have complained that it’s not central and you have to walk far to get anywhere. There’s no such thing as central in New York – it’s a big place and you have to be prepared for walking or using public transport. This Hotel is around the corner from The Empire State Building and 2/3 blocks from 5th Avenue. It was walking distance to a lot of the main tourist attractions including Macy’s and Times Square. There’s a subway/underground just around the corner and lots of bars and restaurants in the immediate and near vicinity.The Hotel itself was very pleasant. We had a lovely room. My boyfriend and I paid a little extra for a Superior room and were very happy with it. King size bed, great shower and lots of room. There was no view from the window but if you want views – go to the Empire State Building. The staff were nice - they arranged us a taxi back to the airport, which was cheaper than the one we caught there and carried our bags to the car. We had a lovely meal in the restaurant one evening. Excellent quality food and wine, although a little expensive.Overall this hotel was an excellent base from which to explore New York. Good location and great room – a very modern hotel.	
Aug 23 2007 	No problems here	We stayed here on our first vistit to NY.The Hotel room was a descent size and was very clean.The locatoin is great, just around the corner is he Empire State building (go to the top of the Empire, the view is breath taken).Also very close to shops Macy,s, Maddison Square, and subways. The hotel staff were polite and helpfull.Just on the corner is a cafe called Miss K,s they do the best coffee and very cheap and its open 24hrs!.dont listen to all the bad comments, it amazes me what some people expect for this amount of money.Enjoy NY it is great, we are returning this Oct, but the THirty Thirty was fully booked so we are stopping at the Milford Plaza.	
Aug 15 2007 	Average Thirty Thirty	I stayed here in May of 2006. The hotel was about 3 blocks from the Empire State Building and about a good 20 minute walk from Times Square. It wasnt very central at all and involved alot of walking to get to certain attractions. The hotel itself was okay. It was your basic average hotel. It was a cheap hotel and I paid for what I got. It was clean but basic - ideal if you are looking for somewhere just to put your head down at night and then get up and out again to see attractions the next day. The staff were friendly enough. There was no air conditioning so if you are going in the hot months I wouldnt advsie this hotel as it got very warm at night.	
Aug 13 2007	Shady Employees	I was extremely disappointed with my stay. First of all the hostesses behaved as if they are doing you a favor when checking you in. My husband and I stayed at Thirty Thirty on our way out of the country for a 3-week vacation. We had three very large suitcases, which none of the staff offered to assist us with. We saw several bellmen standing around, but no one helped us. We have stayed at the W, Westin and other upscale hotels in the city as well as Best Westerns and midlevel hotels so I understand you get what you pay for. To be fair it is clean and good enough if you don’t intend to spend much time in your room. However I will never stay there again. One of the bellmen offered to arrange a car to take us to the airport and took a $10 &quot;deposit&quot; from us in order to secure a car, he told us it would be $60. He also accepted a tip from my husband for arranging the service. The car that came would have been fine if the driver didn't show up with his young child. My husband and I had to squeeze in the back seat with a huge suitcase leaning on top of us. Once we got to the airport the driver told us we owed him $60. We told him about the $10 deposit and he said he knew nothing about a deposit. I was very irritated. They have a bunch of shady, dishonest people working there. This is the type of experience you'd expect in some third world country. Not in New York City. If you are looking to save some money but don’t want to get cheated keep looking.	
Aug 12 2007 	A Basic Stay	I visited New York for a short break with my boyfriend. The Thirty Thirty Hotel was simply a basic, clean hotel to sleep but not good for much else. As we spent more time out of the hotel/room, the lack of facilities &amp; attractive interior made no difference to us, although the wall view from our room wasn't exactly great. Our double room was pretty basic, nothing fancy at all, it was also quite small. It did however include a double bed, a huge TV (too big for the room) a coffee machine, sink &amp; shower room, can't remember if it had air con. I would say that it is probably a bit pricey for what you get. There is a small bar &amp; that's pretty much it. I cannot comment on the food they offer as we didn't eat at the hotel at all. The location was probably the best feature, it is walking distance from The Empire State building &amp; quite central to other attractions by a short taxi ride.	
Aug 11 2007	loved the hotel but not the booking agency	I booked our room through NewYorkcity.com (BAD IDEA) and the recovery tax and surcharges alone were almost the price of the room itself, a whopping $146.64 for two nights , the recovery price I think was for my jaw dropping on the floor. It was highly deceptive because in my opinion it was not spelled out up front how much the recovery charges and taxes would be. I would not recommend booking with them to anyone. The hotel itself was in a safe area near subway lines and Penn Station. It was a long walk from Penn Station but dooable with minimal luggage. The hotel staff were exceptional in answering questions on how to get to and from New York City interests. I would definately stay here again but book with another site or deal directly with the hotel. Nice hotel, great location, with lots of good places to eat nearby.	
Aug 4 2007 	Great Find!	The rooms at 30-30 are a bit small but I didn't go to NY to stay in my room. I experienced a great nights rest in the VERY comfortable bed and a nice hot shower every evening and every morning. The restaurant off the lobby served very tasty meals and nice cool Mojitos! Just what I wanted after being out on the town for 10-12 hours. The bathroom did not have any counter space so I made my own with the ironing board---worked great! I guess my only complaint would have to be the lack of a coffee pot in the room, but really there are lots of great little coffee shops right outside the front of the hotel where you can sit and read your paper (they deliver each morning) and watch the people in the streets walk by ---around the corner on 5th Ave. The staff was friendly (by NY standards) and accommodated my needs and requests. All in all, if you just need a bed and a shower ----- 30-30 will fit the bill perfectly. Oh, and the location is quite in the thick of things or nearby with a short cab ride. I would stay again.	
Aug 1 2007 	Great location comfortable clean and went back 2 weeks later	I am very surprised by the few bad reviews I have read. I wanted a basic but comfortable hotel in a good location to start a tour of the east coast. Hotel Thirty Thirty was exactly what I wanted and the location was even better than I had hoped for. I stayed one night in single room, then booked a twin room for two weeks later.I booked a single &quot;petite&quot; room online and paid $139 for one night. As a lot of the reviews have said the room was small, just room for a single bed, bedside table and my bag, but it was clean, cool (great in july) and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom again was small (basin, toilet and shower cubicle) but was functional and fully tiled in grey slate which made it feel almost luxurious! My room looked into the court yard area and so was quiet, also a bonus in NYC.I was so pleased with the hotel that I booked another night with a friend at the end of the tour ($250). Again this room was smallish (two single beds, two arm chairs, a small desk and tv cabinet) and the bathroom was clean, bright and had a bathtub as well as a shower. The toilet blocked soon after we arrived but the maintenance guy came and fixed it within 10 minuste of us reporting the problem. My friend booked another night and checked into her single room at 10am and again had no problems.The location was execellent; a few blocks from the Empire State Building and subway, with a few delis and reasonable restaurants around for food and refreshments.I would not hesitate to reccommend this hotel to friends or even to use it for business purposes.	
Jul 28 2007 	Incorrectly billed room to my personal credit card not corporate card	Quite apart for the disgusting state of their so called rooms, the one I was booked into was so small I could touch both walls with arms stretched out and a single child size bed to boot...heck, I am 5'10 and 235lbs...When the stay was booked, a corporate card was supplied and validated by fax confirmation to pay for the room...when I checked in, they requested another card for &quot;Incidentals&quot;...I supplied my personal low limt card, knowing full well, I was not going to charge anything to the room. When I checked out, the delay in checking out was excessive, due to minimal staffing on duty...the time was 8.30am maybe too early for everyone to be at work?.The staff incorrectly billed the room to my personal low limit card, and then proceeded in telling me they couldnt reverse the charge, as the general manager had to do it. Two weeks later, the charge still has not been reversed, my card was now maxed out due to this error, and to add insut to injury, my card issuer has now penalised me for going over the limit on my card....3030 HOTEL NYC garbage in the halls, filthy rooms, tiny beds in miniscule sized rooms, ignorant error prone staff....do yourself a favour and give this one a big miss...	
Jul 20 2007	Hotel from Hell	Well, My company booked me here not knowing anything about it, hoping it was a nice &quot;boutique&quot; hotel. A Motel 6 would have been a giant leap forward compared to this. The Lobby is innocent enough. The first room was all marked up with scratches, gouges in walls and doors, etc. It was so small it had no closet only a small bed and small window with aircondiitioner unit from the 1960's in it and looked out on constuction site all of 25 ft away. It was so dark and clautrophobic that I began to hyperventilate. They gave me a room a tiny bit larger (without window a/c) but like the first it had no bed spread, bed skirt (showing a very old and soiled looking boxspring), no towels in bath, stuff in toilet too. I have to say, even their maid (who was v.nice) was appalled when she came to try and correct it. I managed to stay one night with help of sleeping pill and made my escape the next AM. I couldnt even use the shower-the place just gave me the creeps. There are many other inexpensive options in NY-dont bother with this one.	
Jul 14 2007 	Good value	Great location - could walk or get the subway to everywhere we wanted to go. Couldn't swing a cat in our room but who wants to swing a cat when you're in New York - the hotel room was just somewhere to sleep. Bed linen and duvets were excellent. Beds were really comfortable. Housekeepers were friendly and helpful, as were the valets. The Front Desk was a little inconsistent ranging from unhelpful and a little surly to extremely helpful. Zana, the restaurant attached to the hotel, was a lifesaver after a busy day in New York. Food, cocktails, wine and service were all good at reasonable prices. Didn't see other rooms but if you're a business traveller check that you'll have a desk and a chair. We just had two twin beds.Overall, very good value for the location provided you're not expecting to spend too much time in your room.	
Jul 12 2007 	Downright creepy	I just stayed at the hotel for a business trip - I travel to NYC frequently for business. We paid $295 plus taxes for our rooms.I felt like I was in a surreal movie set at the hotel. The staff was not friendly, as has been mentioned, but not rude. The doorman did watch me struggle up the stairs (no ramp) with my bags and didn't even hold the door for me, but I could deal with that. I had a larger room on the 12th floor that had obviously been updated. My bathroom looked fine - the only real complaint I had about that was the lack of adequate lighting - fairly tough to put on makeup for a business meeting in the dark - but it was OK.Close to the elevator on my floor was someone's personal room - they didn't seem to have AC so they had the door propped open with an umbrella. The contents of that room were just filthy - they also had a piece of paper taped to their door saying do not disturb and keep quiet. Very bizarre.The was quite stark and the chairs were stained. Ugh. We also met up with the old lady who seems to live in the place.This is just not a good business hotel. The restaurant doesn't even open until 8 am, so a normal breakfast meeting is out of the question.As a frequent visitor to the city, I would definitely recommend looking elsewhere.	
Jul 9 2007 	It's location is it's best feature	They say location is everything and this hotel certainly has that. I'd read all the reviews before I booked and was dubious, however my sis had stayed there and had found it fine so booked on her recommendation. The immediate area isn't the most salubrious, scaffolding on a lot of the buildings, however, no noise so wasn't a problem. The hotel lobby is vast, unwelcoming and the staff were fine, but not what I'd call overly friendly, more businesslike. The room was a standard one and was very tiny, barely any room for hanging clothes and with your suitcases on the floor made walking around a little tricky. However, it was clean, the bed comfortable and the bathroom adequate, I didn't go to New York to stay in the room so basically fine. The restaurant adjoined to the hotel was a disappointment, we ate there once on our first night, too tired to trek around for anything else. The food was poor and not good value for money. We sat at the Crooked Knife across the road each night and had a drink before bed, a nice little place to chill at the end of the day.All in all, not a bad hotel, but not a great one either, if you want a hotel with clean rooms, comfortable beds and a really great location then the thirty thirty fits the bill. I'd certainly stay there again.	
Jul 5 2007 	Loved it!	I stayed at the Thirty Thirty hotel at the beginning of June. My friend and I booked it through the Expedia website. We have to admit after reading all the reviews, we were worried if we had made the right decision by choosing this hotel. I have to say that we LOVED it! We were greeted by warm, friendly staff who made us feel at home and welcome. The location is fantastic - round the corner from the Empire State building, and all other attractions are within walking distance. There was no bar actually in our hotel, so we popped across the road to a bar called The Crooked Knife a couple of evenings and made friends with some locals. I can honestly say that my friend and I never saw any of the bad things that have been mentioned in some reviews - we found the hotel clean, modern and ideal for us. However, I would recommend that if you are staying there, then to go for an upgrade and get a queen size room rather than just a twin - this is what we did and our room was very spacious - great for storing all the shopping bags!! To sum up, we would recommend this hotel to anyone - we can't wait to go back next year!!!	
Jul 1 2007 	Not reccomended	I reluctantly read previous reviews of this hotel after I had made the booking and was convinced that it would not be that bad - WRONG. We arrived at the Thirty Thirty at 9pm on a Friday night after travelling around America for 3 weeks staying at various priced hotels so thought I had an idea of what to expect. The first impression was the bell man who let the door go in my face whilst we struggled with our cases, then the arrogance of the front desk clerk,who was neither welcoming nor pleasant. We asked for an ashtray to go with our smoking room (naive to think one would already be there?!) at 10pm and again at 11.30 - this stillhadn't arrived the next morning. When we questioned why we had a kitchen in our room (practically next to one of the beds) we were advised this was a mistake and we should have been allocated a room without - we packed our cases and were allocated a different room when we returned from our day out - this was possibly the smallest room in the world. If you sneezed on the toilet you risked fracturingyour skull on the sink. The Hairdryer didn't work, nor did the electrics - the sockets of which were hanging out the wall. Not wanting to make a fuss we left it and just stayed there the night thinking we would put up with it. Then in the middle of the night the toilet started flushing itself every 3 minutes and the air conditioning started revving like a motorbike. We were then allocatedour third room where the bathroom was bigger but there was no naturallight as our room backed onto a courtyard with the adjacant building.The sockets were still hanging off the walls and we couldn't get the shower to work but luckily we had a bath. We gave up in the end and just stayed in the room for the last 2 nights. I've never complained about a hotel room in my life and definitely always chose an easier life than to moan about things but I would warn anyone about booking this hotel. The location is good but it's seriously outweighed by the numerous bad points. There are plently of other hotels in the surrounding streets at similar prices so opt for them. The hotel lobby is very deceptive as it is quite impressivebut all that changes when you enter whichever room you are unlucky enough to be allocated. Like the people before me have stated, I too have stayed in a range of hotels from budget motels to 5* complexes and expect to at least have a clean, functioning, safe room whatever I'm paying - not at Thirty Thirty!	
Jun 29 2007 	Great location spacious executive king room for NYC	I'd seen several reviews saying this hotel was dirty, etc, but I didn't find that to be true. My executive king room was almost a suite with a separate sitting area w/desk , tv &amp; sleeper sofa. The bathroom was quite spacious (although it only had a large shower) with modern decor. The bed was very firm, nice white linens, lots of fluffy towels (except for the last night of my stay when the maids apparently accidentally locked the bathroom before finishing restocking). A few negatives: the first day the hallway reeked of cigarette smoke (not true on later days), the dark tile and dim lights in the bathroom made it impossible to put on makeup in there, maid service didn't clean the coffee maker once during the 4 days but they did restock the coffee. The staff was helpful the couple of times I asked for anything. Except for some very early morning construction going on at a building next door, the room was quiet and well-insulated from traffic noise. The best feature of the hotel is its location: lots of excellent restaurants within a 3 block radius, subway only 1 block away, short walk to Madison Sq. Park, Empire St. Building and lots more. I definitely plan to stay there again when I take my family.	
Jun 14 2007 	Good Location..	As mentioned often before, location is a big plus. The rooms are okay, but not very clean. We saw that old lady at the 7th floor, and that was a bit scary. She dont speak (just stares at you!) even when you say hello. So does the Staff, very ignorant. Except the Croatian Girl, she was very friendly and warm.But i wouldnt recommend that place to anyone. Im sure there are better hotels in this pricerange!	
Jun 9 2007	Terrible staff...	Mmmmm, the 30-30 hotel. Well as the ad's say &quot;it does exactly what it says on the tin&quot; and nothing more.Good points are its location, and this is probably its ONLY good point!. Its five minutes walk from Times Sq and two minutes to the Empire State Building.Bad points, I'd have to mention (like other reviewers) the staff. I've never met a more unfriendly staff anywhere in the world. The receptionists where unfriendly, cold &amp; unwelcoming despite a warm &quot;Good Afternoon, its great to be here&quot; from myself and my son. We asked about various tour's, taxi's, places of interest's close to the hotel to be met with a look of 'WTF are you bothering me for?'. Things didn't get any better when we went to our TINY, SMELLY room. I mean, this was the smallest, meanest hotel room imaginable, but the safe worked and was free.The hotel as a small, dull and poorly stocked bar. But when we stayed (Feb 2006) we were served by a friendly Croatian girl who gave us a few laughs and a few good pointers to NYC.If your looking for a hotel with a good location and someone just to get some sleep after a day's touring the 30-3o will do the job. But the room we stayed was a dog box, don't expect friendly staff and even a half friendly hotel. Arrive, see NYC and go!.	
Jun 7 2007 	Dirty and disappointing	A friend and I stayed at the Thirty Thirty in rooms that cost $245 per night (plus tax). We both stay in NYC a lot both for business and personal, so we've experienced a number of hotels in the area, and we usually pay anywhere between $200 and $300 per night for rooms depending on how early we get our booking in. The rooms were tiny, and this is often the case in NYC, but this was smaller than usual and did not have a table or dresser, or anywhere I could lay out my things. The room just had a bed with barely enough space to walk around on three sides, and one wall had built in drawers with a small closet, but not a full wardrobe. The bath room was very small and did not even have a hook or rod to hang a towel from. It had a toilet and shower, no bath. It was very cramped. If you were even a little overweight you would have trouble turning around in there, and I can think of several friends and family who would not have been able to fit in to use the toilet.There was a small closet, not a full wardrobe. If you had a suitcase you'd have nowhere to put it - you'd trip over it all day. I only had a small overnight bag, and that was problem enough.The standard of the room was disappointing. What little furniture it had was cheap looking and badly worn, chipped and dented. This room was very shabby and so small compared with other NY hotels I've stayed in, yet it was in the same price range. There did not seem to be internet service in the room that I could connect to (paid or free - there was no available connection). Then I noticed the bed: there were hairs on the cover. At first I thought that the housekeeping staff had shed some hair while making the bed, but when I pulled back the covers I could see many more hairs, grit, a couple of dirty smudges, and an obvious wrinkled patch on the bottom sheet where somebody had slept. There were also hairs on the pillows. It was clear to me that housekeeping had made up the bed without changing the sheets that the previous guest had slept it.I called the front desk and spoke to a woman who seemed unconcerned and asked what I wanted them to do about it. When I said housekeeping should come back and change the sheets, she reluctantly agreed. I waited in my room for some time but housekeeping never came. We headed out for a walk and on the way I stopped to talk to the front desk. This time I encountered a man who also did not seem concerned or apologetic that I had discovered dirty sheets in my room. He did agree to send housekeeping up. When I returned a few hours later the sheets had finally been changed.My friend was also disappointed with her room and when we met to checkout the next morning, she told me that the water only came out of her shower-head in a small trickle, so she'd been unable to take a shower that morning. As we checked out I mentioned my dirty sheets and my friend's broken shower to the person on the desk and like the other staff, she showed no interest and offered no apology. I asked for a discount, considering our poor experiences, and she ignored me and handed over a bill for the full amount. I again demanded some sort of compensation. She went to talk to a manager in a back room and finally came back with a $25 discount off my room, but nothing for my friend. We sent her back in again and demanded the same discount for the room with the broken shower. We did eventually get our $25 off each room, which was some consolation, but I can not recommend this hotel to anyone. I am not usually a fussy traveller. I've stayed in some very cheap places and even at a low price you are entitled to cleanliness and a functioning room. For $245 you will be able to find something much nicer in New York.	
May 23 2007	Location Location Location	If you are looking for a place at a fair walking distance from Times Square, Central Park, good shopping places, good restaurants...then choose this hotel. LOCATION VERY GOOD!!We stayed in a standard room. We requested for a twin bed, but they did not have such for our stay. A great thing was, they made one for us! Another problem we had was already when checking in...they did not see our reservation...so we waited for our room for awhile (we reserved through a web-site...) After travelling for more than 12 hours (+jet lag from Europe) you appreciate getting your room fast to relax and get feet up. At the moment they are building next door, so the banging in the morning starts at seven. When the construction is over, the hotel will be a great place to stay. Our room would have been very quiet without the construction noise in the morning. The air-conditioning system is placed to the window (as usually in NY) and this would make sleeping close to the window very cold during cold weather. During our stay the days were warm, but nites were quite cold, so we tucked a blanket on the air-conditioning for night-time. Bathrooms are VERY roomy and clean. Rooms are rather small, but if you travel so that your hotelroom is only for sleeping and not spending time, the size is convenient/adequate.-Married couple in their thirtys, Scandinavia-	
May 21 2007 	No atmosphere and rooms decor dirty	No you don't have to be snobby to see that you are not getting what you are paying for. My fiance and I were very disappointed as we paid for an upgraded hotel as it was a trip that we wanted to spend a bit extra to have an added bit of luxury and which we paid for but we did not get value or an upgraded room. The first room (whcih were supposed to be upgraded rooms) were dirty in the decor and smelled. We were eventually changed to another room which was ok but the air conditioning unit was blasting outside the windown and you couldn't open the window for the noise and fumes. Besides the rooms the hotel had a terrible vibe, there was no New York Manhatten atmosphere. We made a decision to move to another hotel as this was a vacation where we wanted to leave thirty thirty hotel behind us and we enjoyed the rest of our stay in New York.	
May 16 2007 	Perfect. Anyone who say's this hotel is no good is a snob!	I don't understand some of the people on here! My girlfriend and I have just returned from a trip to New York and Hotel Thirty Thirty was the perfect place to stay! Ok the staff weren't over friendly, but check in was really quick and the porter took our bags to our room. The room was a nice size, bed was really comfortable and you've got everything you need! Empire State building is on your doorstep, there's a deli 1 min away (if that), 10 mins walk from Time Sqaure, your practically as close to everything you want as you could be! Ok its not the Plaza or the Hilton, but it was very clean and we were given fresh sheets and towels everyday. At the end of the day who the hell goes to New York and spends most of the time in the hotel? YOUR IN NEW YORK. the hotel is just for spending about 7 hours in just to sleep! And to top it all off the hotel provide a car service back to the airports for $60, which is alot cheaper than a cab with a running meter! And ours was a limo! Anyone who say's this hotel is no good is a snob and are obviously not seeing the main point of going to New York for a trip....to see New York! Not to spend the whole time in your hotel! If I go back to New York I will definatly be goin back to Thirty Thirty.	
May 12 2007	Not recomended	we booked on the hotel web site &amp; confirmed twice by email that they would keep are room as a late arrival as our flight did not arrive until 23.30. All was confirmed that this was not a problem. we arrived very tired with a 1hr delay at the hotel at 02:30 to find they had no room for us. .they put us in a cab to another hotel for the night and told to come back in the morning. They honoured our booking for the further 4 nights but the staff did not make feel us they had done good of the situation and a sorry was not given. Would not recomend. hotel is clean and basic.	
May 12 2007	Great location for a NY weekend	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Great location. Easy walking distance to loads of NY attractions. View of Empire State from our window. It's comfortable with well decorated rooms and is very clean. Excellent bar with friendly service. Only downside is the frostiness of the reception staff. But overall would definitely recommend.	
May 4 2007 	A terrible choice	Tiny rooms, indifferent staff, no amenities - not even an available newspaper. No bargain either.	
May 3 2007 	Overpriced rude staff don't bother!	The room looked pleasant enough but reeked of cigarette smoke (no non-smoking rooms available) - apparently the staff like to use the guest rooms as their private lounge area. It took 3 calls (and an hour) to the desk to get a sleeper couch made up - the worst mattress ever - you could literally feel the springs through it. Some of the staff members were rude to the point of nasty. Watch the billing carefully when you check out. Overpriced and a total disappointment. I definitely would not stay here again.	
Apr 29 2007	Gross. Just Gross	I arrived for check in at Thirty Thirty knowing it would be a step down. The price was great--under $200 for a single (which could be a twin bed) but the location is good, other hotels owned by the same owner are great, and a good value (On the Avenue, for one). The hotel is dirty--the front doors are dirty, the lights in the lobby are caked with dust--the hotel, while design to feel upscale, actually feels like it was designed as a contest for a cable TV show. Anyway--I checked in, took my key and went up to my room. It was a tiny room—but that’s ok for NYC. I quickly noticed the bed looked unmade. The pillows were wrinkled, like someone had been there and left, just pulling up the covers. Nothing was tucked in. I pulled back the sheets---thinking this might just be the way housekeeping does things at Thirty-Thirty--low and behold the sheets were not clean, clearly had been slept in and there were a couple hairs in the bed, which I looked for knowing this would be the tell tale sign (I travel a lot). Ok, fine, gross. I went downstairs, got a new key, went to the next room. When I arrived at the second room a bad sign--the carpet in front of the door to the room had something on it, looked like sheetrock dust or dried bread, but darker. The door in the narrow hallway next to the room was blocked partially by a walker--what a senior would use (clearly a senior was in the next room which was also so small their walker didn't fit?). I opened the door and saw the comforter on the floor and the ironing board out and bathroom lights on. Another dirty room. I went back to the lobby and told the same person at the front desk—he contacted housekeeping via walkie talkie. I asked for another room---he said they were sold out and asked me to have a seat while housekeeping &quot;verified&quot; that the rooms were in fact dirty. He said if so, they would clean one. Keep in mind, I've just flown 8 hours, it's 6:30 at night and no, I really don't want to wait. On the one hand--these things happen. On the other hand--gross. Two dirty rooms, a dirty lobby, an overall cheap wannabe international hostel feeling. The hotel is not &quot;Premier&quot; or &quot;chic&quot; as the website claims, it is a poor excuse for a dolled up mess. If you want an affordable hotel and are 23 and don’t care about anything—this is the hotel for you. Otherwise, it. Oh--after waiting a half hour, I called another hotel, got in, dropped off my key with the same front desk guy (who was overwhelmed with a line of customers while his colleague was on a smoke break on front). Good riddens.	
Apr 27 2007 	Funky bathroom but otherwise fine	Based on some of the reviews here, I thought I'd be assaulted by an army of Depends-wearing old ladies and a less-than-acceptable room.The reality was more like an appealing (if small) room and if I ran into any of the tenants, they blended into the scenery.I stayed here in late March in one of the petite single rooms. Space was at a premium, but it was very well-maintained and there was a fair amount of storage. The bathroom was something of an oddity--as some previously have said, mine was toilet, sink and shower in one place with only a curtain separating anything and everything pretty much getting wet when you showered--but aside from getting matching bruises from hitting my elbows on the lock of the bathroom door, it worked out fine.The staff seemed a bit put-upon but was anything but rude. clean.I scored this through Quikbook for $111 (the hotel website had it for $156) and if I could get a similar deal and the same room (440), I'd definitely go back.	
Apr 25 2007 	Pleasant Experience	After reading some of the reviews of this hotel, I was slightly worried that it would be a dump with rude staff who have lost your reservation! Not true. The staff were very helpful, the reservation was fine and the room was great. New Yorkers aren't as immediately friendly as some folk; there is very little eye contact, but don't mistake this for rudeness. We stayed in a standard room with two larger-than-single beds and a large bathroom. Everything was spotless and we had maid service each day with clean towels and new toileteries. It's a great location too, right in the heart of things without the nightmare of Times Square. It was very noisy (the windows don't actually seal like our double glazing) with sirens, honking horns and bin collections at all hours of the night but what do you expect? It's like that everywhere in NYC unless you stay on the 40th floor. Bring ear plugs. There are a million and one places to eat within spitting distance too. There's even a new tea shop opened at the top of the street! But don't expect a decent cup of tea the whole time you are in NY unless you like it weak and out of a paper cup. I would stay here again and recommend it to anyone who wants a nice, reasonably priced, clean hotel in a good location.	
Apr 21 2007	loved the hotel	was very worried about staying at thirty thirty but when we arrived was surpised as we had a lovely clean modern room. downside was a little small but unless you are prepared to pay lots you just dont get a large room in nyc. the maid service was very good clean towels and linen every day. would definately return as the location is the best.	
Apr 18 2007 	Poor service and overpriced	This hotel is one of the worst I have ever stayed at. The standard rooms do not have air conditioning! The website says it has all the amenities... in the US... AC is not an amentity... its STANDARD!! By US standards, the rooms are very small. The hotel staff was rude and incompetent. For the price they are charging, there are MUCH better options in the city! With the accomodations and level of service provided this hotel should be priced much lower than it is.	
Apr 18 2007 	Good value good location	This hotel is located within easy reach of Penn Station, 34 St Subway and 33 St PATH, and all the shopping around 34 St. Leaning slightly to the East it's a little less polished that other parts of Midtown, but it really is well situated to act as a good Manhattan base for business or pleasure for the budget minded traveller.My room was on the small side, but was clean and had a comfy bed. The only problem I had was the fact that there was no spearate heating in the bathroom and the week I stayed saw temperatures dip to -15, so showering in there in the mornings was refreshing to say the least, not helped by the, fine looking, but freezing, granite floor and wall tiles.I had no issues with the staff, they were polite and efficient, not offish in any way. My remote was broken on arrival and they had a engineer up to fix it within 5 minutes.For the price I paid ($148 per night which is very reasonable for Manhattan)), I thought this place more than hit the buttons.	
Apr 14 2007 	excellent location!!!	Stayed at the thirty thirty for 4 nights and i loved it. It was in an excellent location-Walking distance to most attractions- couple mins walk to empire state, macy's, broadway &amp; 5th ave..... . Don't expect any luxury or you will be disappointed- it is very standard. I travel quite a lot and didnt find this hotel particularly bad and i didnt find it dirty as some have said in their reviews and i am known for being very fussy so thats saying something!!The resturant is ok not expensive, average price's for NY. If your looking for some where standard in new york with excellent location this is a great place. I've even booked to come back here for my stay this summer.....	
Apr 12 2007 	Great place to stay	This is a great place to stay when on a break in New york. It is well situated for all you want to do, there is a great bar/resturant opposit a 24 hour deli turn left and up 50 yards on the right and they will even deliver to your hotel room for free. Yes the rooms arn't the biggest but if you go New york and do anything other than sleep in you room then you really are sad. The whole place is very clean the front desk is very helpfull and yes we saw a fwe old women about the place but they were always plesent and friendly. You must do the open bus tour in the day and do the night one aswell. We didn' do the empire state building because of the ques but what we did do on the recomendation of our virgin rep was to go the Rockafeller building on 50th street and went to the top of the building called the ROCK. It's not quite as tall as the Empire state but the view is not restricted and it also took us no longer than 10 min to get to the top in a high speed lift, do the helicopter ride(10-12 min) but do book in advance. Get a taxi from the airport at jfk as it will cost no more than $45 to anywhere in Manhatten,	
Apr 5 2007 	Good place to stay - excellent location!!	We just came back from 9 days in the Big Apple. We booked the hotel online on their website, very quick and simple. Received a confirmation email. As everything in New York, also this hotel is easy to find. Its location is excellent, just 1 1/2 block east of 5.avenue, a couple of blocks away from the nearest subway on 28th street. The hotel doesn't serve breakfast, but there are plenty of very good delis nearby( i must recommend Brooklyn Bagle on 5th/32 street). The lobby bar/restaurant also serves breakfast, but we never tried it. The rooms were clean and modern. Ok with storage room for stuff, drawers and a closet and big bedside tables. The rooms were a bit small, but we were prepared for that. It is hard to find big hotelrooms at this price in nyc i think.... You don't travel to NYC to sit in your hotelroom anyway? The cleaning was excellent, fresh towels every day, and shampoo/soap and body lotion and a nice and helpfull staff.You can store your luggage on the day you leave, if you have a late flight. They also have an hourly airport shuttle(to Newark at least..), at the price of 21 dollar pr person. A bit more expensive than the bus(14 dollar), but much more convenient . The shuttle stops at other hotels so leave the hotel 4 hours before your flight. There are also internetconnection in the rooms(cable or wifi) and in the lobby, i think 6.99 dollar for 24 hours... On the computers in the lobby you can pay pr minute usage.I would recommend this hotel if you are going to New York!	
Apr 5 2007 	No No No Never Again	Dirty. Smelly. Cigarette burns. Small room - need I say more? I only stayed here because one of the other guys in our group found this place, and apparently they had a &quot;special&quot; (it wasn't worth it). I came up for just a night for my friend's bachelor party. The lobby is grey and bland. The whole hotel - not just the rooms - smell like cigarettes. My headboard had a cigarette burn the size of a nickel in it. Our bathroom smelled like body odor. The room was so small the bathroom door couldn't open all the way. The photos the hotel show on their website are apparently just one room, because I couldn’t find a room like it. The whole place is smelly, stained and worn down. For the money there has GOT to be another place in New York that's better. If you're in town for more than one night DO NOT stay here, find some other place.	
Mar 30 2007	Would never stay here again...	Ewww! Yuck!! Wear flip flops in the shower. Don't touch the walls. I work for a non-profit and in an attempt to save money, they put us here for a recent trip. If you only want to save money then I guess you could stay here. But if you want a clean room, don't do it. There were ants in the bathroom. They don't actually clean every day - more like straighten up. I had a room that had what looked like two toddler beds - junior twins? Or maybe they were supersized cots. Not sure. The room was only a little bigger than the beds. This was not a room you could hang out in. Needless to say I won't stay here again. Oh, the lobby was nice. So if you don't mind sleeping there, that was the best place in the hotel. Words I've seen to describe this hotel - upscale youth hostel, Hotel Dirty Dirty, etc. &lt;-- very accurate. I could not wait to get out of this place.	
Mar 29 2007	Value for money enjoyed our stay!	I also was very scared and aprehensive about staying at Thirty Thirty after reading the reviews on this website, however I am pleased to say everything went well during our stay.We were checked in and in our room within about a minute and a half of walking in the main door of the hotel. I was expecting a room the same size as our beds, and true it was relatively small but we had plenlty of room around both beds plus enough room to store both of our large suitcases and all our shopping. There was a massive TV in the room with plenty of channels which came in handy while we were getting ready to go out etc. Our bathroom was huge with a basin, toilet, bath and shower. It was all clean and tidy.We ate breakfast downstairs in Zana's restaraunt so we could then go back upstairs and get ready for the days activities. The food is nice, I wouldn't say it's expensive compared to eating in a similar place at home in England (it was $12 for a cooked breakfast) but if you're on that much of a budget you can just order toast! The best bit about the breakfasts (according to my mum) is the waiter who's sole job it is to go around refilling people's cups of tea and coffee (because she's a tea addict and it tasted like &quot;normal&quot; tea) her record number of refills one breakfast was 7! Anyway, on the whole we found the Thirty Thirty to be clean and reasonabley priced. The housekeeping staff were friendly and seem to take pride in their efforts and it really showed. (We saw the corridor carpets being hoovered everyday by the way) I would however be inclined to agree that there are long term ressidents in the hotel having bumped into a few elderly ladies in the lifts on various days who did not look up to much travelling but this did not negatively impact upon our stay. This was by no means the most glamorous hotel I've ever stayed in, however we got what we paid for and were happy to compromise somewhere to sleep with more spending money! After all if you're going to NYC to spend the whole time in your hotel rather than just using it for somewhere to have a hot shower and sleep then you're going to the wrong place. But rest assured the room we stayed in had the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in!	
Mar 24 2007 	Loved ThirtyThirty	After reading reviews on here for ThirtyThirty, I must admit that we were TERRIFIED about staying there, we were certain that it was going to ruin our trip.I had to email the hotel about our requirements, they were prompt in replying and MORE than helpful, they really were, totally exceeding our expectations!We arrived to the hotel a while before the actual check in time and our room was ready, the lobby was exactly like the ThirtyThirty website shows. The receptionist was very prompt - no complaints! We stayed on the 10th floor, the lifts were quick and clean, the corridor was fine, carpets a little dirty, but who spends time in a corridor? The room was a Superior room and exactly as shown on the website. We had a lovely big queen bed, with sparkling white Egyptian cotton bedding - the bed was SO comfortable, two large bedside cabinets, a desk area and a walk in wardrobe containing a safe. There was a large TV in the room and also a CD player. The bathroom was slate and had sink, toilet, bath and shower - all of which sparkling clean. The room was more than large enough for us two and ALL of my shopping bags and luggage, and believe me there was a hell of a lot! The AirCon was a little noisy but we were able to sleep with it off so not a problem, when we needed the AirCon on, we were awake, so the noise didn't bother us at all. The toilet did overflow once but the janitor was there within 2 minutes of my call to reception and cleaned up the mess promptly and efficiently. Once we requested more towels and within 10 minutes we were provided with an abundance of fresh, clean, white towels.The room was cleaned every day of our stay, the bedding changed and we met the maids in the corridor a couple of times, they were lovely.I particularly liked the location, it's on 30th and Madison, just near to the Empire State, it's far enough out of Times Sq to get a real feel for NY and you get to see so many New Yorkers going about the daily lives, there a couple of fantastic delis around too, well worth a visit! I would however recommend that you don't eat in Zanas restaurant in the hotel, it's weird, it's over-priced and the food wasn't up to much!This hotel is a 3* hotel and is recommended by tour operators for the budget conscious traveller - if you expect a higher star rating, then pay for it! In my opinion ThirtyThirty lives up to this and the service that we received and experienced was first class, it really was. If you just want a clean, comfortable, modern base for your NYC trip, then ThirtyThirty is perfect for that. The website portrays an accurate picture of the hotel. I would definitely stay here again and definitely recommend this hotel as an excellent 3* hotel in NYC. We really enjoyed our stay!	
Mar 24 2007 	Poor I wouldn't recommend this Hotel to anyone.	We stayed at the Thirty Thirty (or the Dirty Dirty as it came to be known) for 3 nights in March. This is quite simply a poor hotel which cannot be recommended for any reason. On arrival at the Thirty Thirty we were greated by a door man on his mobile phone and a lobby area which was both unclean and populated by the tennants that also live at this Hotel (According to the Time out guide there are over 60 who live here permanently). After checking in with the barely interested staff, We stayed in a 'Superior' room which was anything but. The bathroom was so small the basin could not fit in it and was in the main body of the bedroom outside. The hallways were obviously not hovered, some with long standing stains which had not been cleaned. During the eveing there was also noise which woke myself and my wife up at 6.40 a.m by residents shouting at each other.The photos on the Thirty Thirty website are misleading. One floor has been refurbished (the 1st) but 2 to 10 have not been and do not resemble ANY of the photos on their website. The slate bathrooms are replaced by a white and green finish, the type of you would expect to find in a below average B&amp;B in England The trendy brown carpets are replaced by a garish purple.As a regular Corporate and personal traveller, I think this Hotel is one of the worse value for money I have stayed in within the last 5 years. This list includes a damp ridden room in Stevange, England. Do not stay here.	
Mar 22 2007 	Will stay there again - will recommend to friends	Myself and my partner stayed there from 11-16th March '07. We stayed on the fifth floor at the back of the hotel. Although the room is compact in terms of size, it was lovely and clean, nice decor, and a really modern bathroom. There was little to no noise, day or night and the maid service were friendly and polite any time we bumped into them. The reception staff were curteous and prompt. The restaurant is very handy, however quite expensive, but there is a new pub directly across the road called the &quot;crooked Knife&quot; with excellent food and drink and friendly atmosphere. its a block away from a subway line and 10 minutes walk from 34th street. We will definitely stay there the next time we go to New York. If you need a taxi, Its cheaper to get one on the street, rather than getting the bell boy to get you one, so dont get fooled by him!!	
Mar 22 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	Stayed at the Thirty Thrity with friends at the begining of March and found it to be a great hotel. It is in a fantatsic loaction to be able to get to all areas of the city with ease. Some rooms are smaller than others but still larger than some london rooms. They seem to be doing the hotel up and we all found the rooms to be clean and tidy and certainly not shabby at all. Houskeeping was not always reliable when asking to make up the room but they always provided clean towels and took away any rubbish. Front desk staff were not overly friendly but always helpful. Have certainly had worse service in bigger brand hotels. Would definately stay here again when in NYC and would recomend it to others. Good value for money	
Mar 13 2007 	Don't go there in Winter!	I stayed at the hotel Thirty Thirty for two nights in March. The room was very small, but clean enough. The temperature outside was about 5 degrees fahrenheit, and the temperature inside the room was in the fifties. My bed was sandwiched between two windows, and was swept by chilly draughts all night. The heating wasn't working properly, and was so noisy that you couldn't sleep. And even if you manage to sleep with the heating on, the temperature in the room won't get decent anyway. The staff at the front desk was kind enough to provide me with an electric heater, but this didn't quite solve the problem. Other guests I have been speaking too complained about the same issue.Anyway, if you have a chance to go there when the temperature outside is milder, the hotel is in a great location - just a few blocks away from Park Avenue.	
Mar 12 2007 	Okay...but just okay	Stayed at thirty-thirty for one night. The hotel is not what it appears on the website in terms of appearance. The pictures make it seem cool and trendy, which it could be, if it was cleaner. Everything is showing its wear, the hallway carpets are stained, and it all just had a grimey appearance. The check-in person was not the friendliest, but she wasn't rude either. She seemed put upon. We got the superior room, which I'm glad we did. it was oddly shaped and you could tell what the smaller rooms must be liked because the seating area and the sleeping area were weirdly divided, the seating area had a different kind of ceiling and it was higher. The room was long and thin and the bathroom was just what I imagine it would be like on a cruise ship. The door is a shower door, you walk over the ledge of the door to enter and the toilet and shower are there. That step over is very dangerous and could pose a real problem in the dark at night. The entire bathroom is tiled in the same school shower type of tile. It was the weirdest bathroom I've ever been in. And really really dirty, like years old mold, nobody is even trying to remove anymore. The bed was comfortable but the remote didn't work. However, for a cheap price, I'd probably stay there again, if only for a night.	
Mar 8 2007	Absolutely terrible	My husband and I booked to stay from Friday 2nd March until Tuesday 6th March. We actually left after one night. The reception staff were rude, I have never seen such a small room or bed considering it was supposed to be a double room. We actually had an old lady in the room next to ours who came to the door wearing just a shirt and incontinent pad and proceeded to make an awful noise all night. We firmly believe there are &quot;sitting tenants&quot; in the hotel (can't believe this old dear was travelling) and either tour companies know and aren't letting on or the hotel know and aren't letting on. Hotel we moved to was lovely,(one we stayed at on previous trips). We only booked the thirty thirty in the first place because when we made our booking (with one of the big airlines) this hotel was recommended - for what I don't know!	
Mar 1 2007 	Great price good room	If you were to rate NYC hotel rooms on $USD/sqare foot, this would probably be an average-priced hotel. The room was small, but clean and well kept. Bed was comfortable, and I slept like a rock.My room had unique issues with noise in that it was right next to the elevator, so there was a low rumble at all times. Other problems: heater seemed to want to be on high or off; room would have been better suited with a small flat screen, as the TV was nearly over the bed (the rooms are //that// small); TV remote only worked the volume; water in lav ran brown one morning.To those who complain about room service: this is in NYC. Go out and eat. That's where you're going to find decent food. Consequently, I have nothing to complain about.Its 2 blocks north of the 6 train, which is not the most convenient stop. When in NYC, I primarily use the subways, then taxis second, so I would have preferred a bigger line. If you prefer taxis, then the location is fine.Next trip to NYC will find me putting the 30-30 in the &quot;to call&quot; list, but will not stay there if I can find a bigger room at a comparable price.	
Feb 26 2007	Was not impressed	This hotel is definitely not a three star hotel - a 2 star at the most. The photos on the hotel's actual website are very misleading as the hotel is nowhere near as modern as it &quot;appears&quot;. The standard rooms are very tiny and the bathrooms are extremely &quot;cosy&quot; to put it mildly.Although its location is good the hotel is not the greatest. They don't serve breakfast before 8.00am which is slightly strange and there is no room service! So if you arrive late be prepared to starve.Definitely not a hotel that is worth the money you pay for it! Would not stay here again.	
Feb 24 2007	great value exellent location	reading the reviews before we left i was really worried, i even rang my travel agent to try and upgrade, there was nothing available. so preparing for the worst we arrived and it looked ok from the outside, in we went staff was fine at reception we went up to our room which was on the 10th floor and all my worries was over the room was fairly small but enough room for 3 suitcases and walking around fine. It was very clean and the maid replaced towells everyday.Your hardly ever in your room apart from washing and sleeping, i was really pleased with everything, there is access to computers downstairs in the lobby so you can pre book your outward bound flights, overall all this is fantastic value for money and i would tell anyone who i knew going to new york to stay there.	
Feb 19 2007 	Brown Water in the Shower - White Water in the Sink?	This hotel should be ashamed of themselves... When we checked in, there was no one to help with bags, and we had to cart them up the entry stairs ourselves. The front desk was supremely UNfriendly and actually bordered on rude. Then, the bellman did help us to the room, and he was the only bright spot in the two-night stay. The photos online are deceiving... Technically true, I suppose, but deceiving. We had no desk or high-speed internet access in our room. The only &quot;hotel&quot; bar I saw was the restaurant/lounge next door (which had very friendly service and good italian food). The hallways smelled of urine, and it was not clean. I noticed that the maids actually just walk right in without knocking (once while we were sleeping), and then never bother to come back when you've gone for the day (even when we saw her on the way out). There was body hair in the shower to accompany the mold. I suppose that made the (I WISH I WAS KIDDING) brown water that came spewing out of the shower head feel more at home... That doesn't mean you should bathe from the sink, though... That water is cloudy and white. I felt disgusting the entire time I stayed at this hotel. Get all this and more for $229 a night! They should be ashamed of themselves!	
Feb 19 2007 	Nice room for the price...But hotel personel had bad attitudes!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Thirty Thirty this past weekend on Friday and Saturday night. When we checked in, the receptionist was a bit icy towards us like she did not care if we gave her our business! As we entered our room we were not shocked by the size because prior to coming to NYC I had read the reviews and seen pictures so we knew what to expect. The bed was extremely comfortable and nice. I would have liked it to have a little closer to the subway but it did our lazy behinds good to walk! For this trip we finished seeing the sights we had missed doing the first two times we came. So we went to the Cloisters in Northern Manhattan(we got off at 190th street) and it was amazing! Walking the 10 minutes to get there we saw beautiful rock cliffs that you just cannot picture in the city, plus the snow was a lot cleaner! Once inside we were amazed at the collection on medievel pieces they had-the museum itself was smaller than we thought but it was worth the trip out there! I recommend it to the traveler who wants to experience NYC other than the tourist traps. Of course, we did the &quot;tourist&quot; things. We went to FAO Schwartz to get a toy for our daughter and to look around at all the lifesize toys too. We stopped at Tiffany's and I picked out a lovely pair of earrings. Friday night we went to a restaurant called Lips. It was a drag queen bar and the food and waitresses were great. Our waitress was called All Beef Patty. The show was great too! Lots better than Lucky Chengs! One thing we had not planned was whether or not we were going to see a show-but in the end at about 7:30pm we went to the TCKTS booth in Times Square and got tickets for TALK RADIO w/Liev Schriever (he played Cotton Weary in the Scream 1 &amp; 2). It was a really good play and he played the part perfectly. Afterwards we waited by the stage door and waited for the actors to come out. We got an autograph and a picture of Liev and the added bonus of the night was seeing his girlfriend, Naomi Watts. I got a picture of her too, but my digital camera is slow so it is a profile shot of her but you can still tell its her! We ended our long trip with a meal at the Pig and Whistle just off Times Square- it was decent and cheap, just what we were looking for.Overall our trip was good. We now feel like we have seen and done what we wanted in NYC without feeling we have to plan another trip for awhile - unless we just want to go again without an itinerary and do whatever.	
Feb 13 2007	No problem - excellent location	Stayed here solo in Feb 2006; good location, just around the corner from the Empire State; Mid-town means you're in quick reach of everywhere. 5th Ave and Madison Ave are a few minutes from the front door. Room was large, albeit with view over a back yard! The downstairs bar is also not cheap, but a good place to met fellow travellers/natives. There are some OK delis and other bars/restaurants in nearby streets. I would stay here again although I'd like to experience some true NY luxury next time like, er, the Four Seasons perhaps...	
Feb 12 2007 	Trying to give a balanced view of Thirty Thirty	Seldom have I seen a single hotel have such disparate reviews on a Hotel, needless to say we were wary but had booked on a friends recommendation so trusted to that rather then the reviews. Hence I’ll try to give a balanced view.First impressions weren’t great actually, the taxi approached along W30th Street to E30th and it’s not the most salubrious of NY streets. Pulling up outside the hotel past a handful of carpet shops and empty shopfronts under re-construction didn’t add to the experience. Check-in was businesslike rather than friendly, but efficient nevertheless. The room was much as expected, smallish, practical neat and tidy though rather dull and uninteresting. Dashing to pull the blind to see our view, the blind fell off the wall to reveal the backside of some dreary dark buildings ! So not a great start, many people may have been put off, but undeterred we unpacked and never looked back. The blind was soon replaced and once settled in we found the room quite cosy, an excellent bed and shower and bathroom (to be honest they’re the important things), TV, coffee making facilities and efficient air-con (though noisy).It’s well located in midtown with (for example) Empire State, Time Sq, Madison Sq gardens, Grand Central, Flatiron Building all within 30 min walk.So the hotel was perfectly OK for what we needed, it’s not expensive for NYC and whilst it’s neither elegant nor plush we were more than content with it.What’s close by for practicalities…..Zana’s bar/restaurant is attached to the hotel and is a perfect place to chill for a drink or two and the meal we had there was more than OK.Directions from hotel front entrance by Zana’s………..Turn left outside hotel and left again and there’s a decent French restaurant on the opposite side of the road. (1 min)Left outside the hotel and there’s a good value deli 100/200 yrs on the left (corner of Madison or 5th?). (1 min)Left outside hotel and on the facing corner there’s a handy shop, also sells food. (1 min)Area between 30th and 32nd streets and Madison and 5th Avenues is an area of Eastern shops and restaurants (Korean I think), many open 24hrs. (3-5 mins)Turn right outside hotel and there’s a selection of restaurants along Park and Lexington avenues. (5-10 mins)	
Feb 12 2007	Perfect Location lovely hotel!	Myself and my best friend spent a week in this hotel on our first trip to NY in December and we were not disappointed. The location is perfect for shopping, sight seeing, eating out etc. You are literally a 5-minute walk away from the Empire State Building and 5th Avenue and it is always easy to hail a taxi from outside the hotel.The staff were very helpful when we arrived, they told us that our request for 2 single beds had not come through (we booked on the hotel website) but that if we wished to stay in a double the first night and then switch for the remainder of the week it wouldn't be a problem. We said it was fine we would just take the double room for the week. I was very pleasantly surprised by our room upon arrival! It was much bigger than expected with a big built in wardrobe, a huge double bed with the comfiest duvet I’ve ever seen on it, a big bathroom, big TV and a separate desk and chair in the corner of the room which was very handy for putting all our shopping on!!There are some residents in this hotel as I’ve read in some other reviews but these did not affect our stay in any way. In fact, one of them had a cat that would sit outside their room and greet you everytime you went in or out! I am not sure if bigger animals i.e. dogs were aloud in this hotel but we did have 2 cats on our floor which didn’t cause us a problem but if you don’t like animals beware there may be a few about the halls.The only thing that I didn’t like about this hotel was the restaurant. Myself and my friend were exhausted one night after a long day shopping/sightseeing so we decided to just have dinner in the hotel. I was shocked at the prices they were charging and we ended up paying over $100 for 2 starters, 2 mains and 2 cocktails. We went out the following night to a steakhouse around the corner, got all of the above plus dessert and drinks and paid just half that!Overall this hotel was good value, a pleasure to stay in and I would definitely recommend it. I shall be staying here on my return to NY for sure!	
Feb 10 2007 	First "boutique" hotel experience	We stayed at Hotel Thirty-Thirty over Thanksgiving weekend and found it quite enjoyable. We originally booked the hotel because it was the cheapst room we could find to sleep four-five adults. We stayed in an Executive Queen room which included two beds (one bed was very hard and we later found that it was two box springs on top of each other) and a sofa bed. Some things to have in mind before booking at the hotel. 1) Getting into a refurbished room is key. Our room was very large and actually had a lot of open space. The building looks like it was once an apartment complex so some rooms are very small. Just confirm with the hotel before you arrive about the size of your room.2) Don't bother asking for a room with a view. There isn't a view from any side of the building. While the hotel loby was kind of &quot;hospital waiting roomish&quot; it was also nicely decorated for the holidays. Probably the best &quot;view&quot; in the hotel.3) The most luxurious part of our stay at Hotel Thirty Thirty was the shower. The water pressure was great and we always had hot water. Also all of the bathrooms have been remodeled to have granite tiles on all of the bathroom surfaces.	
Feb 8 2007 	Surprised	After reading some reviews about this hotel i was worried, i need not have worried. I have recently come back from staying in the Hotel Thirty Thirty room 305, and might i say i was surprised the room was spotless, beds very clean and comfortable, pillows amazing,maid came in daily to change the towels. Also very friendly staff, there to help in anyway, i suppose if your polite to them they are polite back as are most new yorkers. Room was a little bit smaller than a double room in the uk. If your on a budget this is the hotel for you, if you want pampering stay in the Hilton. The Hotel is close to all the major attractions and overall i will be going back.	
Feb 7 2007 	Horrible Staff and Awful Rooms	This hotel was horrible. I have never dealt with such rude staff in my entire life!!! For one thing, there was never more than one employee on duty at a time. Second of all, we checked in at 5pm on a Saturday night (we were only staying one night). We booked a standard hotel room (two double beds or one queen bed on Hotels.com). The &quot;manager&quot; at the front desk checked us in and told us he was giving us a room with two DOUBLE beds. When we walked into the hotel room it was the size of a closet w/ NO NATURAL LIGHT. The beds were single beds (not double!!!) We immediately went downstairs and asked for a room w/ two double beds or one queen. The manager said that they had plenty of empty rooms but that they would charge us an extra $40 for an &quot;upgrade.&quot; My boyfriend and I explained to the manager that we had booked a room on Hotels.com and the room we booked was for two double beds/a queen and NOT for two single beds. The manager was so rude and started screaming at us that he &quot;wans't giving us a free room!&quot; Considering the fact that 1. we had already paid for a room and 2. we had paid for a room w/ two double beds/a queen, we certainly weren't asking for a free room. I asked the manager, why he would charge us for an upgrade if we had originally booked that room and the hotel was half empty? He just said that was not what the computer said and refused to give us the room we had requested unless we paid an additional $40.00. So we eventually decided to pay the extra $40. The room we &quot;upgraded&quot; to was barely an improvement. It was completely bear and there wasn't even a glass to pour water. I was so thirsty and had to lap up water from the sink like a dog!!! I will never, ever go back to that hotel again. When we tried to talk to the other manager about it later that night, he couldnt even get off the phone (he was on a personal phone call) to speak w/ us. My boyfriend called the manager again on Monday and his call was never returned. My experience was &quot;AWFUL!&quot;	
Feb 5 2007	New Year in New York	We stayed here on a New Year break, December 2006. Our room was on the 12th floor and was clearly what you would describe as a 'standard' room. It was small and not exactly luxurious but it was clean and tidy. The hotel lobby was spotless and the building itself was quiet and in an excellent midtown location - a great base for exploring New York. If we were to return to New York we would splash out a bit more and go for a little more luxury.	
Feb 5 2007	brilliant hotel!	Me and my partner went to the Hotel ThirtyThirty in January 07, we found our stay absolutely brilliant! The room was small but clean, which is all you really need, because no-one spends time in the hotel when visiting New York!! The staff were all friendly, which is nice. The hotel has a little bar/restaurant, called Zana's, where we spent some afternoons after all the sightseeing, which was good, staff in there were also friendly. The hotel is brilliantly located, we actually walked most places!Overall, I would advise anyone to stay in this hotel and we would most definetley stay there again.	
Feb 1 2007	A Weekend in New York	We have just returned from a long weekend in New York and had a fantastic time.We booked the Hotel 30 30 through lastminute and everything went smoothly. We chose the hotel because of its location and price, it was about £100 per night for four nights. There seemed to be a lot of other English/ European couples staying.The room was not very big and we didn't have a good view, but we didn't go to New York to look out of the window or swing cats around all day. We went out sight seeing every day and walked miles. It was good to get back to a warm and clean room for a good nights sleep. The bed was good, the bathroom was great with a super shower. Cleaned each day with fresh towels.We arrived at 4pm last friday and by 4-45 we were on the 87th floor of the Empire State Building. The location was fantastic.If you want a hotel with room service, mini bar, fancy breakfast etc you won't get it in mid town for this money.We thought it was fine and would recommend it to anyone.	
Jan 26 2007 	Very small rooms and extremely rude 	My friend &amp; I booked in this hotel for a pre xmas shopping trip - never ever again would i use or recommend this hotel. The superior twin room we were booked into was so tiny, there was only space for 2 suitcase and no more, 1 tiny wardrobe that about 1 metre wide. The room smell horrible and looked so dirty an in need of a good clean or make over. We complain to the front desk and the manger showed us an exe twin which was beautiful which would have happily moved into, but oh no we couldn't do that the man said we would have to pay $200 a night more to have that room, he then promptly showed us every other superior room that was free and they all were not the nicest. If you are to stay in this hotel make sure you know which room tyoe you are booked into and don't go for the superior ones.	
Jan 21 2007 	Thrity Thirty hotel = great NY experience.	Myself and my boyfriend stayed in the Thirty Thirty hotel for a week in mid Decemeber. The check in was extremely quick and the staff friendly. Our room, altough small, was extremely comfortable and clean. The Queen size bed was very comfy. Altough the sink was in the bedroom it did not bother us. There was plenty of space for storing your suitcase and hanging clothes. Rooms were cleaned on a regular basis and the few days we put the do not disturb sign on the door the maids knocked on the door to see if we wanted clean towels. The safe in the room is very helpful and we were pleased to have it. The two times we had problems, one when the safe broke and the other when the toilet became blocked, staff were extremely helpful and sent someone up straight away. The location of the hotel is brilliant. Very close to Macy's and the Empire state building. The resturant attached to the hotel is brilliant for a relaxing drink after a long sight seeing day in NY. No problems at all with this hotel, i would recommened it very highly.	
Jan 15 2007 	Wonderful place to stay!!	This hotel is FABULOUS! Clean, stylish, rooms. Very helpful front desk, inexpensice gift shop, fabulous martinis in the bar downstairs and the subway was a block away! What more can you ask for? Not to mention the beds are so comfortable, sheets are super soft which were a delight at the end of long days of site seeing. Was very sad to leave.	
Jan 14 2007 	wonderful hotel Location Location Location!!	stayed at the Thirty Thirty 1st of jan till the 8 th it was a great little hotel in a fab location our room 1203 was small but lovely and the view well it was out of this wrld the Empire State Building!!! nothing at all to moan about booked direct 199 usd per night and everything was just brilliant we had an amazing Week Hard work but worth it your feet will kill!!!!but as for the Hotel i would certainly return dont know what all the other moaners are on about ....No Waldorf Astoria but lovely ..	
Jan 11 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	After reading some of the reviews on trip adviser we was anxious about our stay at the hotel. we stayed at the hotel for 3 nights at the beginning of jan, it was our first trip to newyork and the hotel was in a perfect location, near macys, 5th avenue and the empire state building. The room was clean, bed was very comfortable and had a view of the empire state building. the room was a perfect size for us as a couple and had everything we needed, the bathroom had a great shower and was a good size. the staff were friendly and helpful. i would recommened this hotel and would stay there again.	
Jan 10 2007 	A Nice Little Hotel	We are a couple aged 24 ad 25. We stayed in the Thirty Thirty between 5th Jan and 9th Jan 2007. We arrived at the hotel about 12 midday on the 5th and were shown straight up to our room. We stayed in Room 1205 on the 12th Floor. When we booked this hotel we read several reviews on this site both good and bad so wasn’t sure what to expect. When we entered the room there was a sigh or relief from us both. The room was clean and tidy. The bed was well made and bathroom well equipped and also clean. The room was small but big enough for two large cases with a wardrobe and drawers combined big enough for us both. There was also an Iron, Board, hairdryer, Electronic Safety Deposit box and toiletries for use. The best part of the room was the amazing view of the Empire State Building.The room was cleaned every day with fresh towels supplied for us. We did not meet too many members of the staff but the ones we did meet at the reception desk were helpful. We did meet a few ‘old ladies’ but like already mentioned by a previous post they were well turned out and pleasant.The location of the hotel is superb. It is about a 15 minute walk from 5th Ave and Times Square. There are many restaurants and shops for you to buy…whatever you need really. You want it they have it. As a budget hotel, we found it pleasant but not suitable for those who want luxury. The Thirty Thirty is well worth the money we paid and we would stay there again.We have added some pictures from our trip. There are some of the room and the one of the Empire State Building is from our window.Oh… One last tip – Ask the hotel to book a car back to the airport. We paid $60 for a car. We expected a Yellow Cab but got picked up in a Lincoln Limousine, not a stretched one but very nice all the same.	
Jan 9 2007 	A nice hotel	We stayed at Thirty Thirty for seven nights and had no problems at all.Our room (802) overlooked the front of the hotel, with a nice view on the empire state building. It's a small room, with a very small bathroom, but has all that you need for sleeping in NYC: it's clean with a comfy bed, a big TV and more clean towels than a couple would need.This is not a luxurious hotel, you won't find any amenities, the corridors could be not as clean as you would like, and you could meet some old ladies in the lobby (what's the problem with it?).. but this hotel has all that you need for a comfort stay in NYC. First of all, the great location, then a good bed, helpful staff (even if the night receptionist could give you some misleading infos -always check in the morning..-), it's in a quiet street and a safe area, and it's very near to metro stops. So, I would definitively suggest this hotel if you don't need five stars. You can surely find better hotels in NY, but you get what you pay for.	
Jan 7 2007 	Most comfy beds! I just love Thirty Thirty.	We were concerned about stayting at the Thirty Thirty, after reading some of the reviews. We anticipated the worst (dirty sheets, ragged teddy bear, homeless ladies, closet-sized rooms, surly service) - but upon arrival and until we checked out 6 days later, we had one of the best Manhattan hotels stays ever!The bellman was very courteous - he graciously helped us with our bags and even checked our room, to ensure everything was in order before he left. We stayed on the 12th floor, on the front side of the hotel, and had a great view of the Empire State Building. Yes, the rooms are a bit small, and are basic - the beds, though, are comparable to Westin's Heavenly Beds. I was delighted to see the crisp white sheets, duvet covers - I slept so well during my stay. The white cotton towels are very nice, and the bathroom was, unexpectely, well ventilated. We did come across some of the original residents of the former Women's residence - they were all very courteous and well-kept. The cleaning staff which we encountered were very pleasant, and did fulfill our written request for more conditioner, when we left a note on the bathroom counter.The young lady at the front desk was very helpful in reserving a car for our trip to JFK. For $60 (inclusive of tip and tolls), it was one of the best deals in town. If you get hungry in the late evening, you must try the street food vendor at the corner of 5th and 30th. He serves the best chicken skewers I've ever had - for $2.50/skewer, it was a steal! He usually sets up his cart around 6pm - and in the late evening, there is always a line up of hungry taxi drivers.Location is the best! The hotel is 2 blocks from the 6 subway line, and to the West, 2 blocks from the R &amp; Q subway lines.I love Thirty Thirty - thank you for a wonderful stay.	
Jan 4 2007 	Great Location budget hotel	We stayed at the hotel Thirty Thirty at the beginning of December for a girly weekend shopping trip. I was very anxious about staying there after reading some of the previous reviews but was pleasantly surprised by what we found.The hotel is a budget hotel and the rooms are small and cosy. Our twin room faced the front of hotel and it was slightly drafty but this gave the room it's own air conditioning factor and you got to hear the great sounds of the city. The reception could do with being a bit more professional and responsive, but you are getting what you paid for, i can't imagine they are being paid that much to give the service to us. We did also spot on our last day what would seem to be homeless ladies sitting in reception arguing over popeye chicken, and that a few of the doors on our floor were different and looked more like a front door rather than a hotel door. The best thing is the location which you could not fault a few blocks and streets over from the Empire State Building, Macy's and a few more streets up Times Square. The other great thing is the little bar below which I think serves the best cosmopolitans in the city, and believe me i tried a few on our trip.If you more interested in saving your spending money for shopping and sightseeing rather than spending out on a fancy hotel this is the one for you. The rooms are cosy, clean and the beds are very comfortable, especially after a long day of walking around.	
Dec 29 2006 	Never return again!	We just spent our 2nd family NY Xmas trip at this hotel for a 2-night stay and 6th visit in Manhattan hotels. What a bad experience. We would not recommend it at all to any one especially any family who needs a little bit more than the strict strict minimum. We were not looking for luxury but only a bit of comfort away from home. I am a 3-4 star hotel (4-5 when traveling south) budget traveller and like to search a lot before I book to get the most out of my money and was reluctant to try this one but was confused by the different opinions. Now I wonder if the great ones were posted by the hotel. That's the reason why I feel that I have to share our experience, a real one.CONS: First the strong air freshener made us uncomfortable as you walk in the hotel and is all over the place. It took us a day to get used of it. We were in room 219 with yes lots of the old ladies of the building who live on that floor. We don't mind about this matter since they don't bother us at all except that I think the hotel neglect this floor cause there are permanent residents and except when we were in the lobby and one of them scared my kids. Bad view, hard mattresses, urine smell, a small TV, oene tiny standing closet, only one tiny garbage bin on the washroom. The hairdryer The next morning only 2 sets of towels were there, the sheets were not changed. The staff are so not happy to see guests. We asked for parking informations when we arrived and they didn't even inform us that you can save 20$ at the one at the corner of 5th and 30th, we saved more than 40 bucks cause the parking guy told us not to forget to get our voucher stamped by the reception to get the rebate.We had to wait 20 minutes to pick up our stored luggages and we were the only ones in the lobby. Now I understand why this hotel is not busy compared to all the ones we stayed in Manhattan at the other visits. PROS: The room space was large enough to move around. Great location but there are lots of other hotels around the block.I know we are only there to sleep but just hope that we can help some families or parties to avoid a bad experience which could make your NY trip less enjoyable cause we love NY.	
Dec 29 2006 	Don't Go There	I had the misfortune to stay at this hotel on a recent pre-Christmas shopping to New York. I have been to New York several times before and have never been disappointed and have always found the standard of accommodation exemplarary, this is why arriving at the Thirty Thirty was such a slap in the face!!!The rooms are tiny, if there are two of you staying in a standard twin room, I would have to hope that neither one of you has eaten too many mince pies over the festive period, if you have you could both be in trouble. The rooms offer one tiny wardrobe which by the way is too short to hang a dress in, unless it's a midi, it had two drawers underneath, which in my room stuck and were difficult to open. Myself and my friend didn't even bother to unpack, living out of our suitcases for five days.The room was dirty, thankfully the bed linen was clean, but the rest of the room was coated with a layer of dust, which just insnt acceptable. The ensuite bathroom was actually as big as the bedroom and was acceptable.In addition, there is no &quot;climate&quot; control in the rooms, although we went in November the weather was actually quite mild, although this had not been taken into consideration resulting in the rooms being like a sauna, after a night out waking up in a room that is soooo hot is not a good thing and every morning we were desperate to get out.The staff at the hotel were surly and had much more interest in each other and what they had done the previous evening, then being of any assistance to their guests.The only good thing about the hotel is it's location, this you cannot fault!In summary, if you don't care what your accommodation is like, and don't want somewhere that can been used as a refuge when shopping and sightseeing all gets a bit much, then stay at this hotel, the location cannot be faulted.If however you want to enjoy your stay, and enjoy your accommodation as well as the city itself, do whatever you can to avoid stepping foot in the Thirty Thirty!	
Dec 23 2006 	Location only advantage	Couple - 30s, We stayed for 5 nights early Dec. Hotel was just ok, not worth 200 euro a night. though. Having checked a lot of hotels in NY city on many websites. 30 30 was one of the cheapest. the only good thing about the 30 30 is the location. The hotel could really do with a makeover it is a little tired. Wont be staying there again nor recommending it.	
Dec 21 2006	too basic for words	I recently went to new york with my daughter for a girly christmas shopping trip. We looked at the hotel on the web before booking and I would say that the description should make clear how basic it is. There were 2 beds in our room and absolutely nothing else! We didn't even have space to lay our cases down on the floor. I would describe this hotel as a transport hotel or student accomodation. We fortunately found a much more comfortable hotel nearby for the same price so we moved out immediately.If you want comfort and a bit of luxury don't book thisone	
Dec 20 2006 	Descent Hotel	In brief, good hotel and would recommend. However for my full experience, read on:FLIGHTS &amp; TRANSFERS:I have no complaints about the flights we got delayed going out and coming back but that was an air traffic control outage in Edinburgh and Glasgow, so was not BA problem. BA did however, managed to not send one of our cases, which was very frustrating but at least we had the other one. We were told we could spend up to £50 for the inconvenience and the case turned up 48 hours later. I had booked Supershuttle through Expedia for transfers to and from our hotel but they are not a 24hr company and had stopped for the night before we arrived. We got a lift from somone offering us a lift in the airport. He cost $50 and was fine, however after reading our guide book it said never to do this and I understand why, you never know what could happen.HOTEL:The hotel was my main concern after reading reviews. The entrance to the hotel is nice, due to our late arrival my girlfriend and I had to spend our 1st night in the hotel sharing a single bed as there were no other rooms, however we were so tired it was good enough. However the single bed was not too small and it meant we had to be cuddle up close, but that wasn't so bad :o) The next day we got a phone call to say our new room was available. The room looks like the pictures on their website, its not big but was good enough for what most people will be using it for, sleeping. We did not unpack our stuff from the cases as it was too much hassle and the wardrobe and 2 drawers were a bit limited but not exactly a show stopper. There was a safety deposit box provided also. Now some reviews said the hotel was dirty and smelly and I can understand what they mean, however do not let this put you off as it is not that bad. The maids come in with fresh towels and make the beds, however I think it was however only once &quot;quickly&quot; in the 5 days we were there, but again not a big problem as it's not as if you are trampling mud into the room. So all in all the room wasn't bad at all. As for the smells, the corridors could smell very strongly off smoke and as we are non-smokers it was unpleasant but once in your room it was fine. The towels were changed daily and bathroom was a good standard. We stayed on the 10th floor and there did appear to be residents (doors were different) but we never heard nor saw them so this was not a problem as some people have reported. So all in all I WOULD recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good base.LOCATION:The hotel is well located, it has a starbucks and McD's round the corner, along with a Duane Reade (like Boots or Superdrug). Your only 2 blocks along and down from the Empire State building, which was really fantastic for views. Macy's is close by (I will detail this later). Rockefeller Center, Times Square, Designer shops and Central Park are all about a $10 cab journey (incl. tip) away or about a 15 block walk.SHOPPING:Main reason for going. Macy's is hell on earth for any bloke and most woman. t is the biggest shop in the world (apparently) and is 18.... Yes 18 floors of hell. My girlfriend is a keen shopper and spent 4... Yes 4 hours in there and we only made it 2 about 4 floors, it then became too busy and by the end of it my girlfriend even hated it. The shop display outside is cool though but NEVER GO TO MACY's :o) I am not a bad shopper but was in a very bad mood by the end of it. A few days later we went to the Good shops i.e. Chanel, Dior, Loius Vitton, Gucci, etc and this was much more pleasant. We did not have loads of money to spend but had saved really hard to have a good time at the shops and my girlfriend did this, with the exchange rate being so good and the pre-christmas sales we managed to get a real Gucci bag tha was originally about $800 for about £150 because of sales and conversion. So if you are a bloke and can handle a bit of shopping stick to the designer shops, it is a much more pleasant experience.SITES:When I was in NYC, being a massive Christmas person, I only wanted to see the big Rockefeller Tree. However in my naivety I did not expect it to be busy as the films and pictures you see it never seemed to be, but like I said I was naive and it was absolutely mobbed, the closest I got to the tree was about 50m and I struggled to even see the angel garden, so although it was nice to see the tree I was left a bit disappointed. Bloomingdales has a very cool light and music christmas display which I thought was fantastic. The rest of the sites you knew in NYC were great and will leave you all to discover and experience for yourself.CONCLUSION:Be prepared for a lot of walking and being tired at the end of each day, we got home most days at about 7 or 8pm and that was us done, reading a book, watching a movie or playing a DVD, just to unwind at the end of a day. Highly recommend the hotel for the price and location as well as NYC as a place to visit at least once :o)	
Dec 14 2006	Hotel Thirty Thirty A pleasant surprise	Hotel Thirty Thirty Nov 25 -Dec1st After reading a few bad reviews and a national Scottish newspaper, My five friends and I were anxious however we were pleasantly surprised. We had a very clean room, excellent facilities, wonderful supplies of fresh towels every day. Although the romms were not too big, they were absolutely fine. The staff wetre very helpful, indeed I would return on my next visit.	
Dec 10 2006 	Thirty/ThirtyHotel ideal Manhatton location.	I must admit after reading previous previews of the Thirty Thirty hotel we were aprehensive about the room we had booked. We booked a double room and when we arrived at the reception desk everything went accordingly. The reception staff were very freindly and without any hitch after producing a credit card for confirmation and security we were given a swipe card for access to our room. Our room was No 344 and when we gained access we had in the back of our minds the feedback that we had read and were expecting the worst. As we entered the room, as expected it was small. We had booked for a 4 night stay and the room was idylic, a lovely well presented bed, as shown on many advertisments, clean, tidy, so comfortable, duck feathered pillows, a mattress to die for, no complaints on our part. Yes the rooms are small but a lot of hotels in new york provide and offer small rooms.This hotel is ideal for travellers intending to see the sights of new york. Its located in the middle of manhatton amongst all the attractions, times square, empire state building, broadway, shops- maceys, lord &amp;taylor bloomingdales, central park.  No matter where you go on your travels you might come across accomodation that doesn't appeal to you. A lot of hotels advertise and sell there product, advertising there best rooms? We were happy with hotel thirty/thirty and would recommend this hotel for a short stay in manhatton to see all the attractions. We can only go on what we experienced and we had no complaints. No matter where you go in this world, a place which i find idylic, someone will find fault?	
Dec 10 2006	An okay hotel in a wonderful city	Myself and my partner visited New York for the first time this year. We booked the hotel with the thought we would rather have a budget hotel and more money to spend in the city. Having only ever stayed in a 4* hotel I was slightly nervous before we left. However, although the hotel didn't have little extra we all enjoy it did have everything we needed. The rooms itself was tiny, we had a double room on the 7th floor. The only thing that I was really dissappointed with was the shower which i felt needed a good scrub. There is a daily room service which you have to request by hanging a sign on your door and then all that happens is your towels are changed.The hotel is in a good central location near the empire state building and times square- the thing I liked best about the hotel was it was slightly away from the centre which made it that mch quieter- you could still hear cabs honking so I dread to think how nosiy hotels on times square are.With regards to New York itself it is one place everyone should go it was amazing - I reccommend buying a New York Pass as it gives you discounts and lots of attractions and lets you skip the queue in lots of places saving valuable time. Another tip is buying tickets at the main bus station to Newark airport as it works out much cheaper than getter a cab. My final advise to everyone is where comfy shoes I had flats on and my feet are still recovering- we walked all over leaving the hotel at 8am and not getting back to 11pm.	
Dec 4 2006 	Above Average Cost Effective Hotel	We were travelling for the first time from Engalnd to New York and didnt really know what to expect. We booked through a travel agents and although they said the hotel Thirty Thirty in Manhattan was an above average 3 star hotel, the reviews we read on Trip Advisor didnt match the opinion of the travel agents. We were expecting a dump...but low and behold the hotel was great. The hotel was in the middle of having some modernisation work done, but the reception area was very spacious and modern (covered in marble and white glittering lights), the staff were very friendly and most helpfull in assisting us with booking tours and trips etc, and the bedroom was attractive and modern. Although on the smaller side (but in no way too small) the standard double bedroom was modern in decor, clean and well appointed; just big enough for two! The bathroom was also of a good size and had a fantastic power shower. All in all the Hotel Thirty Thirty was impressive and very cost effective hotel for the budget concious traveller...would certainly recommend it to anyone thinking of going!	
Nov 27 2006 	Perfect Hotel for Sightseeing in Manhattan	My husband and I spent the weekend after Thanksgiving at the 30-30 and as it was my first time in New York we wanted a central location so we could see as much of Manhattan as possible in only 2 1/2 days. Well, the hotel was perfect and met our expectations. We arrived Friday at 12:00 and our room was ready. Despite what we have read in other reviews we found the reception staff to be consistently pleasant and helpful during our stay. The room as we expected from the pictures of the standard rooms shown on the hotel website was small but actually not as tiny as it looked online. (People, if you look carefully at the standard room pictures on the hotel website, they DO look tiny so I don't know how anyone could feel the pictures were deceiving. Get an executive room if you want one of the large rooms.) Most importantly it was very clean and comfortable. We were in room 1103 on the 11th floor and had a partial view of the Empire State Building which is a couple of blocks away. The queen size bed was a little too hard but those who like a very firm mattress should like it. The bathroom was great with a very large modern shower, a cabinet and powerful hairdryer. We also had a closet with a lot of coat hangers, an iron and ironing table.Even though there are two subway stations very close to the hotel we actually walked the whole time. If you enjoy walking, it is easy to walk to Central Park and the shopping districts of 5th and Madison Avenues to the north as well as to SoHo or Chinatown to the south. There are also plenty of little eateries and restaurants near the hotel for breakfast.For only $199 (+ tax) in the heart of Manhattan on a Thanksgiving weekend we feel it was a very good deal and we were extremely happy with this hotel. We would return there and recommend it to everyone we know.I must add that I too was shocked by the comments about the homeless women staying in the hotel. We did see a couple of women walking out of the hotel who looked like they were residents there but I don't see how that would be a problem for anyone. With all the homeless people we saw on the streets I would have felt better knowing they were staying in a room on our floor than seeing them freeze on a bench outside. If the hotel is part of some sort of a program that helps the homeless then it should be praised for it. And if part of the money we pay to stay there supports this cause then all the better!	
Nov 27 2006 	Comfortable Stay	Myself and my girlfriend have just returned from a weeks visit to New York. We stayed in this hotel (Hotel Thirty Thirty) and we found it to be a pleasant comfortable stay. We were only a 10 / 15 minute walk from Macy's, Times Square, Madison Square Garden. To be fair we only used our room to sleep in and wash but we found the staff to be helpful and the rooms were clean and tidy. Our room was tidied every day. If I was to return to New York again I would definitely consider staying at this hotel again.	
Nov 25 2006 	Not all rooms are created equal!	I was concerned about this hotel after reading all the negative reviews, but couldn't find anything else even close to affordable for mid-October. I booked a room that was described as VERY small, and I was worried about the reviews stating that some rooms don't have shower doors and everything would get soaked.I called three times and was assured (laughingly) that &quot;We are a real hotel, of course our rooms all have real showers.&quot; I finally reached the manager and he admitted some rooms have only curtains and the water might run all over the floor. !?!!!?! So he switched me to a room with a newer bath with a shower door. It was dingy and small, but clean and very quiet. It was nowhere near worth what they charged, but I was desperate. I think this hotel has drastically different quality of rooms at the same price level and you should certainly ask for a better one, although I had to call numerous times before I got a result. I think it helped that I pointed out how many bad reviews I'd read online.The desk staff are very non-responsive, but if you don't expect much, it's OK.Skip the overpriced breakfast (which several overseas visitors assumed was included) since there are several better places to eat on Madison. The location is great - best thing about it.	
Nov 24 2006	help when help is needed	10/10 for this hotel for stranded tourists who arrived at the front desk and discovered that Roomproviders had gone bust. Their pre-paid booking through roomproviders was not paid to the hotel. They were looked after very well by the staff and the General Manager. Their is honour and goodwill out there folks despite everything.	
Nov 22 2006 	Great Location .. a better NY hotel	Asked around friends for advice of a budget but NICE hotel in NY as previous experience highlighted that budget means a bit manky at times!! It was clean and modern and not at all tired. The location is great for most things and if we went back there I imagine we'd consider staying there again (for ease)	
Nov 12 2006 	Underwhelming	I checked in very late (11.30pm) and may well have received the last turkey in the shop as a result, but my room (1221, for reference) resembled a hastily-converted cleaning closet. It was stiflingly hot, equipped only with single beds, the Internet connection didn't work, and the metal fixtures in the bathroom were rusty. The only ventilation/heating vent in the room had been largely taped over and when I attempted to raise the above issues with the front desk, I was told that the hotel was sold out. End of story. No doubt others will have better experiences, but I won't be trying Thirty Thirty a second time.	
Nov 3 2006 	Not a bad little hotel at all!	My boyfriend and I spent 3 night's at the Thirty Thirty at the beginning of October, and we were actaully pleasantly suprised. We arrived at the Hotel before midday and was told our room was ready (room 1203) the staff were polite (we did have to pay an unexpected $50 deposit) So up we went to the 12th floor to our small but functional room. We were lucky to have a view of the Empire State building so that was a nice suprise. The bathroom was small but with a massive shower and clean towels every day. The bed was big and very comfortable and when the window was closed you couldn't hear any of the hustle and bustle from down below on the street. However, it looked like someone had taken their agression out on the wall as there was a small hole but the fact is we were rarely in our room to notice. The maid service was also good, we left a small tip every day and the room was spotless when we came back, what more could you ask for. Here's my take on the famous 'myth' about old ladies living in this hotel - I didn't see any, the hotel was full of people of different nationalities. The kind of 'hotel bar / restaurant' was a tad on the expensive side and the portions not very big for the money you paid but a nice general ambiance on the whole. The hotel is situated in the heart of Manhattan and we walked almost every where, every main attraction is practically in walking distance, but we did take the subway to go to Ground Zero, Grand Central Park and China Town (which smells horrible!!!) So to sum uf briefly our stay in New York and the Thirty Thiry, we had a great time, no real complaints about the hotel, had lovely weather and would recommend it to others.	
Oct 28 2006 	Loved this hotel and Great location	We arrived feeling a little nervous as the write up's had been varied on the standard of accomodation but we were really happy with our room. We had upgraded at a minimal cost directly with hotel and our room had a huge bed with nice furniture and a separate lounge area, the bathroom was really nice and had his n hers basins and the biggest shower ever! The bed was really comfortable and there was no noise at night making it easy to feel safe and have a great nights sleep. There is a small bar / restaurant attached and we loved it! jenny behind the bar was great and made some fab cocktails; she was interesting to talk to and she gave us lots of pointers om where to go. There was a range of guests and some lovely Americans gave us subway tickets to use and we found everyone really friendly and helpful. location wise, this place is spot on. You are round the corner from the Empire State, a couple of blocks from Grand Central station and in the middle (literally) which makes Soho easy on foot and central park pretty easy too. the shopping was AMAZING! I was in heaven and we ate pretty well for relatively little money; drinks were quite pricey but hey we went to enjoy ourselves! We would recommend taking the Staton Island ferry to see the statue of liberty, there are no queues and you get a great view - it is also FREE! The Twin Towers area is very eerie and I found it quite sad but you should go as it is somewhere that I think everyone should see just once. We didn't take pictures but lots of people do, personal choice I guess. South Street sea port has some good shops and is nice to wander round but really your best areas are Soho and the bigger stores - make sure you go to the help areas and get your discount vouchers! Would we go again and stay at thirty thirty - absolutely yes, take me today!	
Oct 26 2006 	Small but perfectly formed!!	The Hotel was perfectly located for exploring Manhattan. Our room was (very) small but spotlessly clean and very modern. The bathroom - almost as big as the bedroom!! - was just great, plenty of fresh towels, toiletries and a very efficient hair-drier. The bed was large and comfortable with spotless white linen. The view from our window on the 12th flooor - non-existent!! - just the rear of another hotel but this honestly was NOT a problem, We were so tired after a busy days sightseeing that we didn't want to look out of the window !! The staff were efficient and helpful and housekeeping were happy to supply extra bathroom supplies. There was even an iron/ironing board in the room. The only thing missing was tea/coffee making facilities which would have been useful but even this, with a Starbucks on EVERY corner wasn't such a big deal. Next time we go we'll take a travel kettle - problem solved!All in all a good choice and we wouldn't hesitate to return.	
Oct 24 2006 	Fantastic Base	Stayed here on the first three nights of our honeymoon. Fantastic location (just five mins walk from Empire State), and very reasonably priced for a New York hotel. Whilst the bedroom itself wasn't massive, the bed was big and the bathroom was very generously sized as well. Couldn't have asked for more as a base for our New York trip. The bar next door to the hotel also serves a fabulous Cosmopolitan (rumoured to be the best in New York according to the waitress!!). Would definitely recommend this hotel to others.	
Oct 20 2006 	Should be Dirty Dirty Not 30/30	kEEP AWAY,hotel was nothing like advertised on DIAL A FLIGHT website. rooms are tiny, filthy and very poorly decorated and that believe it or not was an upgrade!!Would have been cleaner and cheaper staying in a hostel. In fact one of the many bag ladies hanging around in the lobby told me there was anumber of homeless women who actually lived in the 'hotel '.The manager ridiculed us when we complained so on our return I contacted a National newspaper who sent an undercover reporter to check it out. It was so bad they ran a full page spread on it, comparing photos of what they say it looks like to what it actually looks like. It was by far the worst hotel I or my friends have ever stayed in. Be warned, total rip off , they should pay travellers to stay in it!!!!	
Oct 16 2006 	Thirty Thirty	After reading all the bad reviews about this place I was a bit wary. However neither my husband nor I could complain. OK the room was tiny but you are in New York!!! It was perfectly adequate for what we wanted which was somewhere to lay our heads after our days out in New York. It was clean and tidy. The towels were changed every day and for that they couldn't be faulted. So if you are looking for a hotel in a decent location that's not too expensive then this is the place for you.	
