	Surprised!	We are really surprised at how many great reviews the muse has, when in fact they are really not that great!The bellboys were great, always there to help us. But i cannot say the same for the snobbish Front Desk and the house keeping. We stayed here for 5 nights, one day we were not given any towels, one day there is the missing floor mat. I found a used towel under the duvet and they did not change the bed sheet throughout our stay there. I am sorry to say that the house keeping is just not up to standard! Please scruntinise the bill during check out, we found mini bar items charged to the bill on a daily basis when we did not consume anything from the mini bar. This is not acceptable from a reputable hotel chain! The location of this hotel is great! just one minute away from times square, 10 minutes away from theaters and walking distance to fifth avenue. There is this other hotel across the road, may just be cheaper and better! I should say that for the money you are paying, there are better hotels around.	
	the most comfy bed in the world	Myself and my partner stayed at the muse hotel in late November 09. We were keen to stay at this hotel after reading such great reviews on this site. The hotel was lovely, very trendy, modern and clean and in a fantastic location! Only 30 seconds from times square. The hotel lobby is beautiful, and the bar is always good for a relaxing drink or two or three.The hotel bellboys were always very friendly and eager to help if we had any questions. The reception staff on the other hand were quite rude at times and almost snobbish. We didn't let this ruin our trip though as other aspects of the hotel made our stay a success. The bed in the room was unbelievably comfortable, our room was spotless, we had a good size and modern bathroom and the maid gave us fresh towels and bed linen everyday. We were placed in one of the rooms next to a building site which did cause some disruption in the evening, but as we paid a fair price for the hotel we didn't mind.Overall a good stay.	
Nov 19 2009	first class service in the city that never sleeps	i recently went to New York for my 50th birthday. My 28 year old daughter and I stayed at the Muse, a short walk from Times Sq. It proved completely central to all the places we wanted to visit. The hotel decoration and service was second to none. Our room felt like we had stepped into an episode of Poirot, art deco theme with a modern twist. Absolutely beautiful.We also dined at the hotel one night and can recommend the $35 pre-theatre 3 course meal.I intend to tell all my friends to stay here whenever they go to New York. It was the icing on the cake of a perfect holiday.	
Nov 19 2009 	Muse Hotel - Not a lot of value	This hotel not a great experience – despite the glowing reviews on TripAdvisor. If your expectations are low or if your usual experience is a large chain then you will probably be happy with the Muse, otherwise look elsewhere. I got an email from the hotel a week before arrival about something called Standby Upgrades – I suspect that they experience a lot of no-shows and are trying to avoid losing the revenue from people who book a Suite and then cancel. At check-in the original front desk clerk couldn't tell me how much my upgrade would cost, then finally gave me an amount but couldn't tell me if that was for one night or two, or if it was including tax or not. Then a new front desk clerk took over and made a mistake and offered me an upgrade at no additional charge, but then after I was already in my room and unpacked I realized that he made a mistake because there was a much higher rate written on my key packet and called down to the front desk. He apologized, but was unwilling to give me any discount at all. So then I needed to either re-pack and move my daughter and myself to a smaller room overlooking the construction behind the hotel (The only room available by the time we got the mistake sorted out), or pay an additional $129 per night. Everyone was pleasant about the whole thing and that definitely counts, but I felt that because it was the hotel's fault and not mine that there should have been some responsibility taken and I should have been given a discount or an F&amp;B credit or something. I asked and the clerk said very clearly that there would be no discount or consideration at all for their mistake. My check-out was also challenging. I have stayed at many Kimptons and every other property is extremely accommodating about late check-out. At this property I was given a very abrupt &quot;No - not even one minute past checkout time&quot;. When I pressed further the clerk told me he would need to call me back. Then a different clerk called back and gave us 30 minutes of late checkout (“but no more than 30 minutes!”). I understand that my room may have been pre-booked but there are other ways around that issue. Excellent service is what it is all about and that is what I have come to expect from all Kimpton properties, but the Muse felt very much like any large hotel chain during this visit. An unwillingness to solve problems and an unwillingness to look for solutions were the norm - if I wanted employees who can't solve problems I could go to a Hyatt or a Marriott and have plenty of that. I felt that this property was way more about trying to extract every dollar out of my pocket instead of making me a customer for life. My room was $500 per night plus tax: A $100 discount and 2 hours of late checkout and I would stay at this property every time I am in New York, but at this point I have already researched hotels for my next visit and it won't be the Muse.It was a very disappointing stay and not what I have come to expect from the Kimpton chain.	
Nov 18 2009 	Don't Stay Here if You Value Good Service	I recently stayed at The Muse Hotel and I really wish I hadn't. The hotel itself is nice - the rooms are a good size, the lobby is contemporary and nicely decorated. However, that only gets you so far. As soon as I interacted with the front desk staff, my opinion was entirely changed. I've never before met such an unhelpful group of people who work in a customer service role. I had just flown in from London and had trouble checking in - the manager's response was 'there's nothing I can do'.....only to find that, after three hours on the rainy streets, she just hadn't given me all of the options available to solve my problem. This set the tone for the entire stay - the hotel is directly next to a construction site with a 7.00am permit to begin works - we were not told about this. Every time we stopped by the front desk to enquire about anything, we were left standing there, waiting, while at least 2 members of staff ignored us to continue with their conversations or typing. We routinely hailed our own taxis (in the rain) as the doormen were, again, too busy chatting to help. I am normally a pretty forgiving hotel guest - I understand they have a hundred people there asking for everything under the sun - but, surely the idea of being in a customer service role means that you do what's in your power to help each customer? It's the &quot;there's nothing I can do&quot; attitude that I can't abide - especially at almost $500 a night.	
Nov 12 2009 	Best hotel ever	We stayed at the Muse Oct 4 - 7. What a fabulous place. I travelled with my BFF :) and my 18 yr old daughter and her 2 girlfriends for a Kelly Clarkson. We had first booked a Marriott C/W breakfast, and a last minute recommendation landed us at the Muse. The kids were a bit upset about the change UNTIL we arrived. OMG - the squealing didn't stop for 4 days. They soon got over having to buy their own breakfast and settled into the double pillow top beds, enormous bathroom, the pillows, bathrobes, large roomss , the glamourous bar, and don't forget the coolest bathrooms we've ever seen - in the front lobby. The hotel is spotless, and safe - I never feared for the girl's safety when they went to the lobby on their own, and the staff was top notch. We definately would return. Oh, and as an added bonus - Kelly Carkson's band was staying there - oh how the the girls squealed with delight at seeing these cool musicians in the lobby.	
Nov 6 2009 	For a great stay in the heart of NY	I know NY pretty well and have experienced many hotels in the big Apple, mostly on business trips. For once on a leisure trip and travelling with my friend, I was looking for a hotel that was not the huge building of 500 rooms, more boutique type, smaller size and nice decoration, that feels a little like home. Yet very near Times Square which was my friend's wish. I would have taken some distance from Times Square easily has a feared the crowd and the noise. None of that on this small street, when the hotel is 1 mn away from Times Square. The hotel was exactly what I expected. Charming. The decoration met my expectation creative yet comfy and cosy. The room and bathroom very clean. The street quiet. The staff amiable (not always the case in NY). The wineglass invitation every afternoon is very pleasant after an afternoon of sightseeing or shopping. I checked Kimpton hotels since, and apparently they are a US chain. I wish they were worldwide, I would be looking to try others. One disappointment: I had booked a 'premier' room - supposedly a corner room, and I was not given the room I had booked and paid for in advance. The hotel was full and no chance to switch. Nor was I proposed a rebate. I was told I was given an executive instead, 'a good deal'. Difficult to check that I got a good replacement and I doubt still. I would have preffered a corner room. Management was not amiable or apologetic when I was inquiring.	
Nov 1 2009 	Amazing Kimpton Experience	This was our second visit to a Kimpton Hotel and both stays have been literally perfect! The Muse is a fun hotel in a great location with truly outstanding customer service.Every single staff encounter we had was positive. And some were downright unbelievable. I had forgotten to add my InTouch number to the reservation, but the hotel staff spotted it in advance and had me all set.We had a superior king, which was just a bit more than a standard room. It was huge for New York and completely spotless. What was especially nice was getting a totally quiet room, that actually had a view and was as close as we were to Times Square and Rockefeller Center.We're sold on Kimptons!	
Oct 21 2009 	rooms as pictured	stayed here at the Muse this past weekend. Walked in without a reservation even though online the rooms were around 249.00 on this particular weekend. Reservationist quoted us 389.00!!! We said forget it we'll go to the Comfort Inn across the street........suddenly the price came down to 309.00 hmmmmm. Anyway, the room was lovely, the bed incredibly soft. Rooms do look exactly as pictured. Only 1 block from Times Square, across the street from Havana Central restaurant.	
Oct 13 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	Perfect location, right near Bryant Park and Times Square. Central to everything! The rooms are fabulous! They are renovated, clean and the beds are so comfortable. The bathrooms are a great size as well. Free wi-fi for Kimpton In Touch members. Wine hour every night in the lobby, you can't beat it! And the lobby and restaurant have just been renovated as well, and are just beautiful!Service is great. I was checked in within minutes and when I forgot my computer cord, they found one in lost and found and brought one to my room immediately for me. I would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 13 2009 	Lovely Stay and a Great Mid-Town Hotel	Had a lovely stay at The Muse. The rooms are very clean, comfortable and modern. However, if you can upgrade to a non-standard room I would. The standard room (one we were placed in initially) was on a low floor and close to the hotel generators. The hotel staff were very accommodating and moved us quickly to a different room. Complimentary tea/coffee in the mornings were an added bonus. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 12 2009 	Not a happy experience	On Saturday, night, Oct 10th, the hotel next door (the night Hotel) had apermit for a special party. Despite us being on the quite side of the hotel, we and others we unable to fall asleep until approximately 4 am. The hotel staff, refused to take give up any compensation - not a penny (we only asked for one night free parking). Danielle the manager refused saying that the noise keeping us up until 4 am in the morning was beyond their control. Danielle recommended the I relate this story when making another reservation and I would get a better rate. He refused to give meanything in writing.	
Oct 11 2009 	oooh la la	I stayed here one night and wished I stayed more! The lobby and bar are a preview to how modern and wonderful the rooms are. The staff was pleasant and accommodating. The rooms are gorgeous with everything you could want (love the Ipod dock as I forgot my charger!). The bathrooms are spectacular and stocked with AVEDA products. Who couldn't love a hotel that would provide fashion tape and a hair straightener! This was my first Kimpton stay but surely not the last!	
Oct 10 2009 	New York Gem!	First off, Kimpton hotels ROCK! I do not think we have ever had a bad stay at a Kimpton and this particular Kimpton is wonderful. I really enjoyed it more than the 40 Park location. First off, the staff is extremely present and friendly (and this was everyone), which is usually a stretch at most hotels. We were just there a night and used one of our free rooms that we had accumulated from the &quot;In Touch Program&quot;. The room was spacious for New York standards and had all the amenities one would want. The bed was great, the free wine hour was great, the free morning coffee and newspapers were great but by far the best thing about the hotel was the staff. The front desk people were super friendly and the bellman was a 10 star plus...I wish I remembered his name. The location can't be beat. Close to everything including Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Times square, Grand Central, 5th Ave., and lots more. The hotel is pet friendly and has free wi fi... this always adds a nice touch! We ate at the best vegetarian restaurants in NY.....&quot;CANDLE 79&quot;. Check it out for healthy and scrumptious meals. We also revisited one of our favorite brunch spots, &quot;NORMA'S&quot; in the Le Parker Meridien at 119 West 56th. A MUST for brunch. They do not serve alcohol at brunch but you can go into the fabulous lobby bar before or after if you want alcohol drinks. We went to one of our favorite bars after....&quot;Morell's&quot; next to Dean and Deluca at Rockefeller Center. The only minor complaint I have about the hotel was the gym, it was small and it was a tad on the dirty side when we arrived. We will be back to this hotel for sure! Getting ready to go to the new Kimpton in Miami next month and I can't wait!	
Oct 8 2009 	Highly recommend	I have stayed in a few hotels in NY and the Muse is by far the best one!I love the decor and the service was great too.Very clean and central to Time Square, subway and shopping.My family stayed there also from Australia and liked it alot but the only complaint they had was because their room was facing the street they heard the garbage trucks up and down the street pretty early in the morning.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fantastic	My 75 year old mother and I spent a wonderful three nights at The Muse. It is a &quot;trendy&quot; hotel , with fashionable clientel in the lobby and adjoining restaurant. The location just off Broadway was perfect for theaters, museums, and window shopping. The hotel itself was beautiful. The room was large and the beds VERY comfortable. I would recommend requesting an upper floor, as our 4th floor room was still well within range of street noise all night. Everyone who worked at the hotel could not have been nicer. They were welcoming, friendly, and helpful. I definately hope to stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Intimate Hotel in the Heart of Times Square	We stayed at The Muse Hotel for 4 days combining a work and personal trip. I cannot say enough good things about The Muse. The staff was friendly and professional, the food was delicious and fairly priced, the rooms were beautiful and quite large for NYC and of course it must be mentioned the famous Kimpton happy hour from 5-6 every day!The only downside was the cost, but that was dictated by the time I attended (several large conferences in town as well as the opening session of the United Nations and a visit by President Obama.) I would highly recommend staying at The Muse Hotel and it is now my go-to hotel in NYC.	
Oct 5 2009 	Our best vacation ever mainly because of The Muse Hotel	We spent almost a week in NYC at The Muse Hotel, and both the service and accommodations were outstanding. The service from top to bottom was the best we have ever encountered anywhere. Everyone was so friendly and helpful. Dio Jackson made our trip so easy by receiving our bags by FedEx and making sure they were in our room when we arrived. When we left, he personally made sure they were sealed properly and returned to our home as well. We signed up for an upgrade to a suite if possible and, when we arrived and identified ourselves, the concierge said, &quot;Do we ever have a special place for you.&quot; That was an understatement. It was a suite on the 16th floor overlooking midtown Manhattan. It was gorgeous. The furniture was comfortable, and there was a big screen tv in both the living room and bedroom. We had room service a couple of times in the morning, and the meals were very good. The wine reception at 5:00 each day was a real treat. We met couples from Australia and Scotland. We ended up having dinner at a wonderful French restaurant with the Aussies one night. The location of The Muse on 46th couldn't have been better. It was centrally located in the heart of Manhattan, and you could easily walk to restaurants, Broadway plays, Rockefeller Center and most anywhere else you might want to go downtown.From beginning to end, everyone at The Muse was only interested in serving their guests. We did not encounter one problem with the facility or the people. We are already looking forward to our next trip to NYC, and that definitely includes The Muse Hotel.	
Oct 4 2009 	Loved It	Great Stay! Location was great one block to time square. Beds were extremely comfortable. Staff was friendly and helpful. Would stay here again!!	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Location!!! I would recommend this hotel to everyone.	The location was great. We were in New York celebrating a friends birthday. A half a block from Times Square and two blocks from 5th Ave. Bubba Gump is my favorite resturant, which is in walking distance from the hotel. There is normally a 20 min wait--but it's worth it (try the hushpuppies). The only thing that I have negative to say about the Muse is: the bed skirt around both beds were filthy and someone's sock was found underneath the bed. It made me second guess how clean the bed was--but everything worked out just fine. The wine hour was also a highlight. I would advise the Muse Hotel to WASH everything, including the bed skirt when it comes to taking care of there customers. I am already making plans to go early next year.	
Sep 21 2009 	Amusing and sophisticated	After much research we settled on The Muse Hotel for our stay in NYC. I wanted somewhere special as we travelled to NYC for my birthday. I was very impressed with The Muse accomadations. An incredibly roomy room (positively spacious by NYC standards!) the bathroom also had plenty of space for two girls with loads of beauty products. The beds were very comfortable the the linen was crisp. Considering it's close proximity to Times Square it was relatively quiet.The complimentary cheese and wine reception is a great idea if you can make it back to your hotel between 5 and 6pm (which we only managed once!)My only complaint is that sometimes the staff were unhelpful and rude. It wasn't always the case but it did put a slight dampner on the otherwise excellent stay.	
Sep 21 2009 	Brilliant Hotel in a great location	My boyfriend and I spent 3 nights here at the beginning of August and it's the nicest New York hotel we've stayed in so far (We've stayed at Fitzpatricks and the Helmsley before). The location was fantastic and very central for Times Square and 5th Ave. We were right in the middle of all the hustle and bustle and the buzz around the area was great. The hotel was very clean and the staff were very friendly. I wouldn't advise that you book broadway shows at the reception desk however as they were very expensive, instead we got cheap Lion King tickets at the theatre itself the morning of the show. The beds in this hotel were divine - so so comfortable! We hope to go back next summer.	
Sep 19 2009 	Most comfortable bed	Very smart hotel with the most fantastic and comfortable bed ever. The pillows also were perfect, and as I am extremely fussy about pillows, this is a high recommendation. Travelled with friends and they had the same comments about their room. Our room looked onto the street (gorgeous view of church) but being near Times Square the room was noisy (even with double glazed windows). Aveda products in the bathroom. The breakfast in the hotel was also excellent. Loads of fresh fruit, and the eggs were cooked perfectly.	
Sep 14 2009 	Enjoyable stay and great staff but room has some blemishes	Arrival: 8/12/09Departure: 8/16/09Room #1207 (King Deluxe)Rate: US$209.00/nightPurpose of trip: Pleasure# of prior visits to this property: 1POSITIVES: The renovations of the lobby since our last visit are very nice and create a welcoming environment for meeting friends at the attached bar/restaurant. The complimentary evening wine hour is also a nice treat. Our request for a room on a high floor away from the elevator was honored and we experienced peace and quiet during our stay. The room was a bit smaller than during our previous stay--the executive king is more spacious and offers more room to relax. In general, the property is quite clean (please note a few issues below) and the rooms do not have any unpleasant odors. The main positive during our stay was the staff--specifically the concierge (I believe her name was Lauren). We did not make advance dinner reservations for this trip and wanted desperately to eat at Becco before seeing a show. I tried to get reservations on my own, but had no luck. After a brief chat with Lauren, she phoned back within a few minutes to let us know she was able to get us the exact reservation we wanted! I was impressed. Kudos to her! Other staff members were equally pleasant and helpful during our stay.NEGATIVES: The few complaints we have are cosmetic ones--I just hope they don't presage a dropping of standards and less attention to maintenance. Here they are: 1) A few of the towels had stains on them, 2) the shower curtain also had some stains on it (see photo), 3) about 3-5 of the marble tiles on the bathroom floor were loose and moved when you walked on them, 4) the vent for the HVAC unit (which was a bit noisy) was very dusty and needs to be cleaned (see photo), 5) some of the grout behind the sink faucet and around the tub is cracking/needs cleaning (see photos) and finally 6) if you are a member of the Kimpton InTouch loyalty program be warned that the welcome amenity which is supposed to be themed for each hotel/location was just a $10 credit towards anything from the minibar. (On our previous visit, a nice fruit/cheese plate and bottle of wine welcomed us.) This new welcome amenity is rather generic and also puts the onus on the guest to ask the hotel staff to remove the charge from their account after they have used it. It's not much of a welcome amenity if you have to work for it, since you have to go out of your way to ask them to credit your account. I hope they return to a welcome amenity that is less generic and more guest-friendly.	
Sep 7 2009 	Room was moldy	room smelled like mold....you could see mold in the tub...when i checked in on saturday agent failed to tell me the following day there would be a festival that would on shut down all street including the one in front of the hotel making it impossible to get a taxi to anywhere.The deorative pillows on the bed were so filthy i have to put them on the floor. I would never stay here again even for half the price.	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent location very comfortable hotel	We stayed 3 nights. Very clean hotel, staff very courteous. Small lobby but very luxurious, great atmosphere. Hallways were clean and so was the room. We stayed on the 12th floor which helped with all the honking from the streets. Flat screen TV with full on satellite, extremely comfortable duvets and pillows. Cordless phone, ipod docking station, spacious bathroom. Free internet. My only complaint would be the Air conditioning unit. We had two double beds which one was right beside the A/C. It would run on and off throughout the night, made quite a bit of noise and shot out cold air on the closest bed. But wouldn't stop me from coming back! Location is AMAZING. Minutes from Times Square and 5th Ave.	
Sep 4 2009 	Lovely!	Great location, pleasant staff, sweet mascot! Be sure to join the Kimpton frequent traveler program for free internet and a 'raid the mini-bar' coupon on check-in. Rooms are comfy, the wine social was nice (the one evening we made it back between 5 and 6). Everyone - front desk to housekeeping - was friendly and helpful. Close to Times Square but out of the worst of the crowds. Can't wait to go back!!	
Sep 4 2009 	Perfect Location and free wine- excellent!	The Muse Hotel is located just off of Times Square - literally a 2 minute walk away from it but its on a quieter street in an area called Little Brazil. The reception of The Muse is very interestingly designed, very modern &amp; in the bar they have an amazing wine rack! In the evenings the bar isn't very well lit- I suppose its to create the ambience!! Each evening they have a wine reception between 5-6pm where you can drink red &amp; white wine for free, which is very good as the wine at the bar is expensive! The rooms are spacious (for Manhattan!) and have nice bathrooms, comfy beds &amp; their own individual Muse! There isn't coffee making facilities in the rooms but they do have complimentary tea &amp; coffee available in the reception each morning.	
Sep 3 2009 	We were expecting a nice hotel room; what we got was a GREAT HOTEL EXPERIENCE!	We checked in to the Muse at around 1PM on a Friday afternoon. The purpose of our trip was to move my daughter into her college dorm, so we had a lot of luggage with us. I was worried that we were too early to check in and that there would be a big hassle with all the baggage. When our cab pulled up to the door, we were warmly greeted by the door man and our bags were taken care of by the bell staff. No hassle. We went off to have lunch and when we returned we got another pleasant surpise: we were upgraded to a suite. Our friends arrived a little after we did and they were upgraded to a balcony suite. I have booked many hotel rooms based on the website pictures. Sometimes I have been disappointed. Not this time. The rooms were exactly as pictured on the website! Beautifully decorated, clean and fresh, with fabulous views of the city.That evening, we decided to have dinner at the restaurant NIOS, located right off the hotel lobby. We had made a reservation for 6 people through Open Table, but ended up adding a seventh person to the reservation at the last minute. The restaurant staff handled the change without complaint or fuss. We ordered from the Prix Fixe menu, which had plenty of variety and included an appetizer, entree, and dessert. Every course was wonderful. There were no complaints, even from the serious foodies in the group. Even with wine (several bottles) the final bill was very reasonable (around $500 for 7 adults).When you go to this hotel, be sure to check out the lobby bathrooms!	
Sep 2 2009 	Fantastic hotel and location!	We stayed at this hotel as a large family for my brothers 30th birthday. It was fantastic. The location is unbelievable. The rooms are luxurious. The staff are fantastic-nothing is a problem. The wine tasting hour was great. Highly recommended!	
Sep 2 2009 	BRING A CREDIT CARD	Bring a Credit card! if you book with Octopus Travel they will not tell you to do this in their terms and conditions and then will be rude to you on the phone and tell you that it is common sense!It was my first experience staying in a hotel in New York and the first day was a traumatic one. The hotel had all been paid for up front through Octopus travel and I had read the terms and conditions and having never stayed in an New york hotel before did not know that you needed a credit card, which I don't have, but would have got one in good time had i have known since it wasnt a last minute trip.Anyways to cut a long story short, we were treated really rudely when we got over there and the hotel initially refused to let us stay- we spent 3 hours trying to sort it out and this was all on the evening of my sisters 18th birthday, which totally ruined the whole day. we were sent to a lower star substandard hotel for the night in which we had to pay cash and we ended up going to bed upset !!!!!!!! I was furious. The staff dealing with us at the front desk on this day was incredibly rude and had no customer service skills, she was on a personal call when we arrived and made us wait. Octopus was no help at all and left us high and dry to deal with it all ourselves, the phone was even put down on me and I was shouted at by their night emergency staff- Penny i think her name was. we were told a lie by Octopus staff to get us to leave and the next day when we spoke to staff to clarify arrangements we were told by the day team that the night staff should never have said that!!!!!! The next day, was set to be just as bad, but another team of staff at the hotel were there and tried to help the best they could. I understood that it wasn't the hotels fault but initially their was no allowance for a obvious miss information on their agents part. Anywhooo a lovely lady was able to come to a compromise and the front of house staff on the second day were great and the rest of our stay their was fabulous! The hotel apologized for ruining my sisters Bday and gave her a little card and cake. The bell boys were wonderful throughout and friendly. The rest of our stay once we had sorted out the mishap was a pleasure and I would recommend the hotel, but don't use dodgy agents (Octopus)!!!! who do not explain the policy properly, coz the hotels don't budge on not having a credit card!by the way i am having problems selecting the scoring so my score would be 4 stars- the service on the first day left a sour taste in my mouth!!!PS there is no spa it is room service and the gym is a little tiny	
Aug 31 2009 	Groovy	My husband and I spent an anniversary/birthday weekend away here and had a wonderful time! Excellent location (though we tired of the Times Square crowds after one night), outstanding service. The nightly wine/sangria reception was a welcome respite after a hot day out and about. Our room was spacious and remarkably quiet (11th floor). The bed was inviting and cozy, and the bathroom was downright huge. Yet another Kimpton hotel that did not disappoint.	
Aug 30 2009 	Mixed	I have a mixed bag emotions when writing this review. I'll start off with the positive. When making reservations they asked if we were celebrating a special occasion on our stay and I told them it was my wife's 34th birthday. In the early evening, there was a knock on the door and they brought up a very nice plate with 2 cupcakes and bottled water along with a very nice card courtesy of the Kimpton Muse. A very nice and thoughtful gesture. The room was very nice with a pretty large bathroom, especially for NYC. The hosted wine reception was very nice. They had a Wii on a big screen TV for the guests to use as well. Pretty cool. Now, a few disturbing things. First off, when checking in I was not even acknowledged as a Kimpton In Touch member or offered any ammenity/welcome kit, etc. After going upstairs to drop off bags in the room, I went downstairs to another employee behind the desk to inquire about this and she looked confused and said I wasn't offered the Raid the Mini-Bar card that was given to Kimpton In Touch Members? I said no. I should not have to ask for this. Second, and maybe more disturbing, was when opening the honor bar, there was a 1/2 drunken bottle of juice. I also noticed a bag of peanut M&amp;M's missing. I was not only concerned about being charged for these items, but it was a little gross. Overall, I would probably stay here again, but I felt the check-in was very impersonal and obviously incomplete.	
Aug 29 2009 	Quiet Refuge in the Heart of Times Square	Pros: Everything. Location is perfect for the theatres, subway, and anywhere you might want to go in the city is within walking distance, a short cab ride or a subway ride away. Even though the chaotic center of Times Square is 1/2 block away, you feel as if you are in a secluded hotel. Very quiet and peaceful. The beds are beyond comfortable with high-end linens. The rooms are spacious and the bathrooms are well equipped. The entire hotel is run efficiently, with helpful and friendly staff. All in all, this is exactly what one can expect from a Kimpton hotel. All hotels in this group consistently meet or exceed expectations and The Muse is no exception. There is a wine reception every evening and the bartender(s) are very friendly and go out of their way to make you any cocktail just the way you like it. After a long day of sightseeing, this is a most welcome added benefit of staying at The Muse.Cons: Breakfast was pricey but there is a bakery/coffee shop on the corner. The hotel restaurant is very limited but &quot;Restaurant Row&quot; is within walking distance as are more restaurants in Hells Kitchen. For a genuine local feel, check out Basilica in Hells Kitchen at 676 9th Ave (between 46th St &amp; 47th St) for an awesome Italian meal (don't be turned off by its small, hole in the wall appearance or you will miss an opportunity for a great experience). Even though the hotel will recommend Becco - I would skip Lidia Bastiani's Becco on restaurant row - it is a tourist trap deigned for those who can't afford her sister restaurant Felidia on the upper east side. The food and service left much to be desired.All in all, this is a fabulous hotel.	
Aug 22 2009 	Beautiful upscale hotel	My husband &amp; I stayed for 2 nights in Aug. We arrived early (just after 12 noon) &amp; had to wait a short while for our room to be ready. During that time we got some appetizers at the hotel restaurant. The buffalo mozarella pizza was excellent. I had registered us with the Kimpton Hotel program before arriving and our check in went very smoothly. We requested a room on a high floor with the program signup &amp; were given a room on the 11th floor. The room was great except for the cords on the blinds on the windows. The windows &amp; window sills were higher than normal. So when the blinds were closed, I at 5 ft. 5 in. tall could not reach the cord to reopen them. I had to stand on the chair to reach the cords. It was a wonderful bed, the room had very nice furnishings &amp; the hotel location was a few blocks from Times Square. Also the bathroom had a terrific magnifying mirror that worked! One night we took the suggestion from one of the front desk ladies &amp; saw the musical &quot;Rock of Ages&quot; which was a fun evening. I'd also recommend Virgil's BBQ restaurant on 44th St. for breakfast which included fried red velvet donuts (which looked like large hush puppies) and for dinner Meson Sevilla - a Spanish restaurant recommended by the hotel which is on 46th St. in the Restaurant Row area. One small negative comment - there were times when the service was slow - for example at the restaurant after regular hours.	
Aug 21 2009 	Terrific Hotel for a Terrific Price	My husband and I stayed 1 night at the Muse Hotel, August 13, 2009. We found the hotel, the staff, location etc. was all that we were looking for. I had priced other hotels in the theater district and the Muse was one of the most reasonable. The hotel is conveniently located on 46th Street which happened to be the same street as our show that evening. The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds we have ever slept in. The amenities in the room were top quality. The wine tasting in the evening was a very nice touch. The hotel staff was most helpful. We have only positive comments to makeI'm afraid to go on because I don't want this &quot;gem&quot; to be spoiled. We will definitely stay at this and other Kimpton hotels in the future.	
Aug 20 2009 	Outstanding Service--right in Times Square	The staff at the Muse are outstanding! They answer any questions and no request is small or too large. Beds are wonderfully comfortable and the room was spacious. This was my second stay at a Kimpton, and their service level is beyond compare!! Can't wait to stay again!!	
Aug 20 2009 	WOW	What a hotel. We stayed here after returning from Miami and before flying home, we picked this hotel as it was upmarket and we wanted to good last night in New York City. The hotel more than met our expectations the rooms were fabulous and extremely clean, the bed and linens were some of the most comfortable i have ever slept in. The staff were attentive and the location fantastic. Worth the price.	
Aug 19 2009 	Lovely hotel with attention to detail	We stayed for six nights the first week of August and had a very good stay. I looked at so many hotels before booking, but the travelzoo offer was very good, and solidified my decision. The hotel is lovely, a nice design element, but comfortable. Room was very nice, but was a bit small. The bed was comfortable with high quality linens. Internet was easily accessed and free. We liked the location of this hotel as it took us very quickly to Times Square and the broadway show we saw, but was a quiet location nearby great shopping and 5th avenue. The air conditioning was very good. Our room package included breakfast, and ours was excellent. Freshly prepared with many choices including fresh eggs and juices. We were still on Swiss time, so for us 4:30 in the morning felt late. We were grateful for the coffee/tea station located near the front desk and restaurant that we could enjoy at 6:30 each morning. I was impressed with the consistent high quality of the staff. They were very kind, and interested in our stay. The restaurant quality and service was also excellent, and very friendly. Each evening, they offered a complimentary happy hour, and although we only attended once, everyone seemed to be having a nice time. Our son enjoyed the Wii in the lobby during this time, and was a nice touch for the kids. For me, the only negative was the fitness center was pretty small, but it was pretty well equipped, had towels and water, and seemed well ventilated. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Beautiful room but little air conditioning broken tv remote and no help from management	We booked two rooms at the Muse for two nights to do some sightseeing. Our request to be lodged on a higher level floor were not honored but since nothing was available we had t o placed on the third floor. The rooms were beautiful but both had issues with the air conditioning. Our friends decided to tough it out since their room was bearable. After initially being told that the blinds were blocking the air and waiting a couple of hours for the room to cool down, we requested to be moved. So around 3:00 a.m. we repacked and moved to a room with air. Steven at the front desk was very helpful and tried to get the air fixed but the manager on duty (a young guy with his head shaved) was unwilling to offer any assistance except to tell us that nothing else was available. Steven found us another room. We were disappointed that after having booked our rooms almost a month in advance we had to move to several floors away from our friends which meant that our teenagers had to be separated. When we checked out, I asked the aforementioned manager for some compensation for our disrupted first night since we had gotten very little sleep because of the move. He gave us a measly $48 complimentary parking pass which I found insulting considering the price we had paid for the room. He said that I should have asked for compensation sooner and perhaps he could have done something else like given us breakfast. Beautiful rooms, nice location (except for the homeless men that slept across the street all night), but air conditioning is a common problem if you read the many reviews and their management needs to be more responsive to customer complaints. Steven was the only one at the front desk that we found to be helpful but there was only so much he could do. If this hotel could get these problems corrected they would be a great place to stay. INVEST IN AIR CONDITIONING THAT WORKS! Once we changed rooms, our stay was nice but no one wants to pay hundreds of dollars for a hotel room with little or no air, have a repairman in your room in the middle of the night, repack and move in the middle of the night and then be treated like you are being unreasonable to expect the hotel to compensate you for the inconvenience.	
Aug 14 2009 	Poor Poor Customer service!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	My mother &amp; sister in law, 2 nieces,my daughter, and myself stayed at this hotel for 1 night. One last summer fun time before school! We arrived early so our room wasn't ready, which was fine since we had a full day planned. We did our daily activities and returned at 5:00 to check in take a shower and get ready for our Broadway show. We had two rooms, so my daughter, my niece, and myself took one room when we entered is was very very hot 82 degrees. We turned down the thermostat thinking it would cool down, we got ready and left. We returned at 11:30p.m. with very tired little ones, when we walked into our room it was still very very hot, so we called front desk, they sent someone up immediately. The man comes in looks at it for maybe 30 seconds and says its broke, I will get you a fan. By this time both girls were about asleep on the bed sweating really bad. I told him that wouldnt work my daughter has asthma and needs air condition not a fan. He left and I called the front desk and explained the incident and he said I will send up a fan, it is August in NYC and a fan was not going to work,he then told me to open the window. I told him we needed another room asap because the kids were very tired, he claimed they were booked and he told me he would call me back in a few minutes. I never received a call, the girls went and slept on the floor of my mother in laws room and I stayed in my very expensive, very hot, hotel room with no working remote control and didn't sleep at all because it was so hot!! We travel alot and I have never ever seen such poor customer service in the U.S. No I'm sorry, no nothing!!!! If you like sleeping in a 82 degree room then this hotel is for you!!!	
Aug 10 2009 	Excellant Hotel	The hotel is near times square and the metro station was also nearby. There were plenty of restaurents etc nearby. The hotel and the our rooms were very well maintained, and we would recommend this hotel to anyone. The hotel staff were bery helpful. The only minor point we hope the hotel management will take note of is that there was no coffee/tea making facility in our rooms &amp; this makes it a bit inconvinient.Over all very happy with the hotel.	
Aug 5 2009 	One the nicest places we have ever stayed	Everything you could want in a hotel - amazing service and staff; new, very clean and beautiful facility; quietly tucked away, and yet in the centre of Manhattan; steps from a main subway station; walking to all levels of restaurants and attractions; small and personal with nice little touches.We will stay there next time, and no hesitation recommending to everyone of any age group.	
Aug 5 2009 	Excellent....as always with a Kimpton hotel!	Arrived to a pretty dark lobby, but I expect something artsy from a Kimpton. Welcomed to our room with a bottle of champagne for our anniversary. Room was clean and big enough for the two of us. This hotel is barely a block from Times Square, but that doesn't keep you from having a quiet night sleep. Highly recommend this hotel to those traveling to NYC to take in the sights.	
Aug 5 2009 	The BEST in NYC	We have stayed to many, and this comes to the top of the list. Location, location, location...and best beds ever slept in. Very accomodating staff. I cannot wait to return.	
Aug 4 2009 	A FAB STAY AT THE MUSE	Stayed at The Muse with my husband and two children (21 &amp; 18), the hotel was fantastic very chic, welcoming and friendly. We had two beautiful rooms linked through a small private lobby, both rooms were very clean, stylish and the beds where to die for, wide, soft and very comfortable. Complimentary tea and coffee was very welcome in the morning and the complementary wine each evening was a good way to wind down after shopping &amp; sight seeing before hitting the nightlife. An excellent location for Times Square, 5th Avenue, The Rockefeller Centre, Empire State Building and much more. The staff were very helpful this is a super hotel to stay in and we would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 29 2009 	Excellent Location comfortable peaceful-will return	Excellent location-close to Times Square/Subway and a lot of the sights and sounds. However, just far enough away to provide peaceful and relaxing time. Definately best of both worlds. Clean, chic, quiet, attentive staff--great wine bar/restaurant-simple fantastic. Hope to return next year for another self indulgent solo get away.	
Jul 23 2009	Great place to stay LOVE the beds	I really liked this hotel a lot. It was a nice place with great art and a great and attentive staff. We were booked to stay for just one night, but we arrived into the city really early, like 3AM and they were really accomodating. I loved the decor of the place though at times it did bother me because I was afraid I would break something and have to pay for it. For a first time in the city, the location (for a person trying to be a tourist) was great. It was really close to everything Times Square/ Theater District. Not to mention that it was right next to Havana Central, a great Cuban place that has even been in movies. I can't say enough about the beds, they were absolutely amazing, just ridiculously large and comfortable. Every time I went anywhere near the bed I just had to get in it! My only problem with this place was the size of the room. To use the bathroom I had to sit on the toilet, scrunch my legs and then close the door. The room was so compact that by the timeI put my rather large suitcase on it's stand and got comfy there wasn't really any walking space. Aside from that one thing, I loved it and I would definately go there again!	
Jul 18 2009 	Comfortable hotel nicely appointed	My wife and I came to New York for two days/one night stay both to enjoy a short relaxing getaway to NYC for leisure/relaxation, but also to take care of getting our Brazil visa in-person from the nearest consulate to where we live in PA (long story short, we did not have time to mail away our passports to have this taken care of by-mail). I researched the hotels within a few blocks of where the Brazilian consulate building was located at Ave of the Americas and 47th Street, and appeared to be the best valued hotel with a 4-5 star rating. When we are in Manhattan, we usually stay at the Michelangelo Hotel which is our favorite NYC hotel, but for this particular trip we wanted to be very close to the Brazil consulate so that the next AM we could be early in line to apply for our Brazil visa in-person. Also, we did not want to fork over the $ this time, for this quick trip. Our Muse Hotel room was tastefully appointed in a somewhat hip Greek moderne style, comfortable with a nice bathroom with good fixtures, and surprised us pleasantly with a roomy balcony that overlooked some Manhattan skyline, with some of the Times Square lighted dynamic billbpards visible in the distance! We lounged for a bit on some deck chairs on that balcony that evening we arrived, and it was very pleasant as a cool breeze was blowing at that time. I do not think that many of their rooms have balconies, so if one is desired then I would ask for a balcony room when booking. In sum, I would definitely stay at the Muse Hotel again if it suited me location-wise on my next trip to Manhattan, and if the price is right (which it was, on our recent trip there).	
Jul 17 2009 	A reasonable hotel near Times Square	For visitors to the Theater District, the Muse is worth considering. I selected this hotel as it was in walking district to a conference I was attending. I try to avoid the congested tourist areas and business people might found the tour package crowds in the lobby and the street noise a distraction but, all in all, this hotel was better than expected. I generally seek out Kimpton properties and they rarely disappoint. As a Kimpton member I get free internet -- definitely an incentive.The only drawback to the Muse is that it can be tough to find a taxi out front during peak hours. They need to have one more employee on duty just to go cab hunting.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great Higher End Hotel in a Great Location!	High end hotel in a great location for seeing the city. New, comfortable rooms and great staff. We were on vacation with two teenagers and all of us thought this was a great hotel. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 15 2009 	We loved it!	I chose this hotel for a girl's trip to NYC based on the great reviews on TripAdvisor. It was as wonderful as everyone said! Our room was ready early and check-in couldn't have been easier. At the end of our first full day I was excited to walk into the room and find a bottle of wine and little desserts. After each long day of shopping and sight-seeing, we would return to a small surprise along with an extremely clean room. I went on the Kimpton website before our trip and joined their InTouch program. It's completely free and is worth looking into. Our stay was amazing and I would recommend it to anyone wanting a smaller hotel with excellent service near Times Square.	
Jul 9 2009 	Best Hotel Stay EVER!!	My wife and I have been to NYC before and we decided to try the Muse based on reviews we read here. We could not be happier! We arrived in the city early and went right to the Muse to drop off our bags before a day of sightseeing. Much to our surprise the room was not only ready at 10am but we we were given a complimentary upgrade to an Executive Suite. This was much appreciated as we were traveling with our two boys. The room was spotless and huge - a separate bedroom with a King bed and chaise lounge, a sitting room with chair and a pull-out couch and plasma screens in both rooms. The bath was bigger than my master bath at home and bigger than some rooms I've seen in NYC! The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in and my wife agreed. I normally have trouble sleeping on anything other than my own bed and I slept better at the Muse than at home.The public areas were very clean and nicely decorated in a very contemporary motif (as you can see by the photos on this site). There is contemporary seating in the lobby and multiple plasma screens showing artistic video from around NYC. I especially liked the public restrooms off the lobby.I asked for assistance at the front desk a couple times for directions and hours at a museum and the staff went out of their way to find the information I was looking for. They also told us to call when we were ready to have the pull-out couch made-up for the night. The complimentary wine reception in the evening was a nice touch. It gave us a chance to wind down after a day of sightseeing and visit with some of the other guests as well as the staff. They even had popsicles and a Wii for the kids.The location was perfect. A half block to Times Square and easy walking distance to Rockefeller Center, Central Park and the subway. If you prefer to take a cab, the door man would hail one with a quick whistle and it arrived promptly (the boys thought this was the coolest thing). They will store your bags for you both before check-in and after check-out. We did have a charge on our bill at check-out for a mini from the minibar. My wife told them that we took nothing from the minibar and they removed it from the bill no questions asked. I would highly recommend the Muse for any visit to the Big Apple (Business or Leisure) and will definitely stay again.	
Jul 7 2009 	The Muse Inspires Me To Tell You: Don't Stay Here...	... because if this place gets too popular I won't be able to book a room here again (and I will certainly return given the opportunity!)High floor - only heard a fire truck once - no noise at all.Free upgrade to a larger room.Room ready when we arrived at 10:00 am.Super comfortable bed.Treats (chocolate and bubbly) in our room for my wife's birthday.Check-in took 2 minutes. Check out took 1 minute.Great air-conditioning.Elevator was quck.Cofee in the morning was fantastic.Wine reception at 5:00 preps you for evening.Free internet access.Mini-bar with affordable prices &amp; $10 coupon.Clean, spacious room and bathroom (for NYC).Nightly turndown service.Morning newspapers (The Times and USA Today)Responsive concierge service.Responsive and attentive doormen.Near everything in Times Square.Away from everything in Times Square.Good Hotel Restaurant (NIOS)Good restaurants near hotel (Havana Central -Cuban and Utsav - Indian)Reluctantly I recommend this hotel because the more people who know about the hotel the more popular it will become and soon we will not be able to stay here anymore. We absolutely loved our stay at The Muse.	
Jun 27 2009 	simply the best hotel experience	We booked our stay for 3 nights based on a great price point and the reviews here on trip advisor. The location is just steps away from the hustle and bustle of time square but the hotel itself remains a calm oasis of soothing relaxation. We booked an executive suite for my husband, myself and our two young children. The room was massive by new york standards. The bathroom itself is as large as some rooms I have stayed in in manhattan. The hotel is very service oriented and everyone is friendly, accomadating and cheerful. The restaurant seems like a very chic hangout with locals lining the bar before dinner but they were happy to accomadate my 12 year old. While she munched on one of the best burgers she has ever had I was able to soak up a little manhattan ambience. Our stay was flawless, the staff superior and the room divine. Cannot wait until next time.	
Jun 23 2009 	Kimpton never fails	I booked the Muse based on the reviews here and the fact that it was a Kimpton property. We've always had good luck with them in the past. Once again, the reservations process was a breeze. They bent whatever rule there is about grownups in a room and let me book adjoining rooms...a king for myself and my husband and a queen/queen for my two teenage boys. The rooms were lovely. The boys' room was enormous...particularly for a NYC room but even compared to standard rooms in other cities. I was concerned about street noise from experience with past visits and had requested rooms on a higher floor. I was dismayed to be assigned to the floor 12....right next to the elevators. You know what? No noise at all! Our adjoining rooms had an additional, lockable foyer door that blocked any and all noise from the hall and whatever street noise was completely blocked by high quality insulated windows. Very nice. Lovely linens. Comfy beds and a selection of pillows. Decent toiletries. Good lighting in the bathroom.... and so on. Our boys were disappointed with the fitness room, but if they didn't get enough exercise walking with us through the city that's not the end of the world. My only complaint was a problem with the electrical relay on our a/c system...it kept clicking as it turned on and off...even more noticible in the quiet room. I mentioned it upon checkout and I'm sure it's already been repaired. We'd rebook in a heartbeat.	
Jun 23 2009 	Will Return	My husband and I travel to New York each summer and have tried some fine hotels. But the fact that the Muse was a Kimpton sealed the deal. They are always artistic and quirky. The Muse was elegant and gracious andwe have absolutely no complaints. We were allowed to use our room before noon, and the 9 PM happy hour was incredible.Everyone couldn't be nicer. Thank you, Trip Advisor and Kimpton hotels.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great location and Price!	When planning our NYC trip, we were trying to find the most reasonable hotel near Times Square. This hotel is a stones throw away from the heart of Times Square! The staff was very friendly and courteous. We dropped off our luggage and had it locked up while we explored the city waiting for check in at 3 (We got there early in the morning). 4 Star hotel amenities, clean room, great view all around even if its not of Times Square and great price! The only complaint I can possibly even think of is that the rooms are small but with all things considered, I didn't mind whatsoever.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great location...Great Hotel!	Stayed at this hotel to celebrate my husband's 40th birthday and what a great choice. My husband wanted to stay near Times Square as we were seeing two shows but I didn't want to stay at any of the megahotels so I found this one on Tripadvisor. The hotel is located less than a city block off Times Square on W. 46th Street. I called a few days prior to our stay to request a room on the top floor (19) and they asked if we were coming in for a special occasion - when we got there, we were upgraded to a mini suite. The rooms are decorated in black, white, and grays - very modern. There were only 4 rooms on our floor and it was very quiet aside from the occasional police siren that you're going to hear in NYC. A small tray of cookies and bottled water were delivered to our room w/a welcome note - nice touch! We didn't take part in the wine tasting but saw people sitting in the bar/restaurant and it looked nice. Bathroom was spacious and everything was very clean. Only complaint was that we didn't find the room darkening shades for the windows until the 2nd night. Wishes someone had told us when we checked in that they are hidden in the top of the window shade. Front desk was friendly and helpful.	
Jun 16 2009 	I almost don't want you to know about the Muse it's that good!	I travel to NYC on business once a month. I stay in hotels all over. I use tripadvisor to research where to stay and in the spirit of paying it forward, I write this review. However, I'd like to keep the Muse my own secret because my experience was that good. I traveled for business but took my family along. I booked a double room on the website. I chose the Muse mostly due to the price and proximity to the theater district.The room was very large by NYC standards. It was clean, new looking and nice. AC worked great. Lobby was funky and fun. They had a free wine hour every night with popsicles and a wii for the kids.Front desk staff was friendly and efficient.You couldn't ask for anything more in this price range in NYC. I hope to stay at the muse again.	
Jun 16 2009 	Awesome !!!!!	I planned a night out for my wife's birthday including a play on Broadway. Originaly I booked a room on 42 St. After realizing it may be too far a walk from Hotel to play I cancelled and made a last minute reservation at the MUSE. Boy, am I glad I did. The Young lady behind the desk was very polite when I requested an early check-in. At 1:30 PM our room was ready, and not only the King room but they gave us the Executive Suite for the same price. I couldn't believe it. 2 rooms w/ 2 flat screen t.v.'s. When we arrived back from dinner, there was a bottle of champagne and cookies in our room. The only problem was our A.C. made so much noise that at 1:00 in the morning I had to get out of bed to fix the noise. If I ever stay overnight in Manhattan again, this is DEFINATELY the place to stay. Thank you for making it a great stay !!!!!!	
Jun 15 2009	Great location top notch service!	I wanted a NYC hotel that wasn't too expensive, but was close to Times Square, clean, and had decent sized rooms. This hotel was it!! I found a great deal on Orbitz, and after reading other Trip Advisor reviews, I decided to go with The Muse. I was not disappointed. The room was HUGE! Huge room, huge bathroom, impeccably decorated, very clean...it was great. There were three of us in this room (me, a teenager, and an 8 year old) and we didn't feel crowded at all. Even though the building was obviously a little bit older, it had been updated and therefore it felt very plush inside. Other benefits included a nice lobby area (free wine reception every evening, but with two kids in tow we didn't partake), friendly service, robes, comfy beds, flat screen TV, and a great bell staff. The first night we noticed that something was wrong with the air conditioner in our room. The next morning I notified the front desk, and it was fixed by the time we came back from sightseeing. It was a 2-minute walk (or less) to the main bustle of Times Square, but being on a side street, we didn't notice the noise of it. It was nice to be a little bit removed from the action. There was a restaurant on site. Our first day there was free breakfast, so we ate there and it was very good. We didn't on the other days because we thought it was a little out of our budget. My only main complaint about The Muse is that it would've been handy to have a business center, or even just a computer with Internet access and a printer. We would've liked to have been able to have access to Internet and printing while we were there. Otherwise...perfect! No complaints!	
Jun 12 2009 	This Place is Awesome!	This hotel is right off of Times Square and is within walking distance to Central Park. Besides a GREAT location the customer service that we received was top notch. They were always asking if we needed directions/locations of places that we wanted to visit. They checked us in for our flights upon departure. They were always very courteous. The wine reception in the evening was always a treat. I left a dress in their baggage storage area that I had bought to wear on my first anniversary (which was 2 days after leaving NY to head back to NC) and they shipped it to my hotel where we were vacationing for our first anniversary! It arrived to our hotel in Savannah the morning of our anniversary! I am just so impressed by the outstanding customer service!	
Jun 10 2009 	Beautiful hotel great location	My husband and I spent three nights at Muse in April of 2009. The hotel was great, the staff were wonderful and friendly, and the location was wonderful. We stayed in a King room and had a front view of the street and a beautiful old church. It was very quite in our room with no noticeable street noise, the decor was awesome, and the bed was quite comfy. This hotel is fun, hip, and a perfect place to relax after a long day of sightseeing. It is also so close to Times Square which makes it easy to get almost anywhere in the city The complementary wine from 5-6 pm daily is such a welcome thing after running around the city all day. It is hard to choose a hotel in New York City, but I feel we lucked out and got one of the great ones!	
Jun 2 2009 	A very good hotel just down the road from Times Square	A good hotel a 100 yards from Times Sq. Compementary coffee and tea in the lobby but its finished by 9-00am. The staff here are excellant and very helpfull. The rooms are quite spacious, but be warned if you get a room at the front of the hotel it's liable to be noisy at times in the early hours.This hotel has just been refurmished but does not have a business centre, so if you need the internet take your laptop. There is free internet access in all the roomsVirtually next door to the hotel there is a Bar and a indian and a chinese restaurant within spitting distance, we walked passed them several times before we realised the restaurants were there.From JFK the bus is $18 each and the taxis are $45 +$5 toll + tip to anywhere in Manhattan.By the way, the Saten Island ferry is free.	
May 22 2009 	Terrific Location Great Hotel	This was our second stay at the Muse and it is our favorite NYC hotel. The location in midtown is good for shopping and walking but it particularly great for going to the theater: being able to walk to and from avoids the hassle of cabs. The newly renovated restaurant, Nios, is adjacent to the lobby and is quite pricey for breakfast, but it is convenient. For a quick, take-out alternative, Times Square Bagels is just 2 blocks away and rivals H&amp;H for quality. The room was big enough, the bed and bedding extremely comfortable, and the bathroom was also big enough (not always true in NY). We'd happily return to the Muse.	
May 19 2009 	Very cool right next to Times Square	Very nice hotel, we were offered a complimentary glass of wine when we checked in, the room was nice and very well-decorated. Free internet in exchange for joining their rewards program, giant bathroom (some of the space could have been better used as part of the room but what can you do). Out the front door, turn left and you're in Times Square within a couple of minutes. Various pubs and restaurants all the way along the streeet. Friendly staff, great location, what more could you want? How about free parking? In New York, not likely. :-) They do offer valet parking but we parked in the lot right next door and saved $10.	
May 13 2009 	1st Trip to NYC--So Glad We Stayed at The Muse!	My husband and I just returned from our first-ever visit to NYC. I did quite a bit of research before we left, including alot on where to STAY! We settled on Times Square for its mid-town location, and then went from there. I checked numerous hotel reviews of various chains on TA, but having been a guest of the Kimpton chain before (in DC), I checked to see what hotels they had in the area. The Muse Hotel sounded terrific. We got a terrific rate for a large suite (Room 1802) which had a door that shut off the bedroom from the &quot;sitting room&quot; area. Nice for couples like us when one or the other may retire to bed earlier than the other. The front desk staff (Cory in particular) and door staff was top notch, always offering friendly greetings and eager to help. Concierge service was good too, they helped us book a helicopter flight over Manhattan on Mother's Day (my gift idea for myself - and far more fun than brunch, haha--it was AMAZING!). Top all that off with LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION and this is the perfect place to stay! Just off Times Square, between 6th and 7th. We could see the lights of Times Square from our window. We will definitely return to NYC and will only stay at the Muse Hotel.	
May 8 2009 	Great boutique hotel - recently revamped	I've been staying at The Muse on and off for several years, even prior to Kimpton's acquisition. All the rooms have been redone in the past two years, and they recently unveiled a completely renovated lobby and restaurant. My most recent stay was just last week. I am often greeted by name by front desk staff which is RARE in a city like NY. The rooms are generally spacious and well thought-out. The suites are generous and typically have two large flatscreens and a sizable bath. All hotel services I've used have been efficiently and pleasantly delivered. Food, which had been getting a bit long in the tooth, menu-wise with the old restaurant, The District, has recently been revitalized with the new restaurant, Nios. I've noticed that they even change/update the room service menu much more regularly than they used to. The have both wired and wifi internet, both are good, and are free with a Kimpton InTouch membership.The location is stellar. While there aren't many exceptional views from the rooms (there are a few, though), being on 46th right between 6th and 7th puts you in the heart of everything for business or pleasure. A great boutique contrast to the megahotels that are rampant in NYC.	
May 7 2009 	A 2 Star hotel at 4 Star Prices	Took my spouse into NYC as a surprise birthday present. We got a surprise but not what I was expecting (or paying for). The hotel lobby is completely gutted. I understand they may need to renovate but they should have told me when I made the reservation. The view from our room, hyped as a breath-taking view of NYC's theater district, was nothing more than the back of a few run down buildings. I have written them 4 times to complain and they have not yet once responded. I've gotten better treatment at a Day's Inn.	
May 7 2009	The Muse Hotel New York City	Stayed here for two nights in April on honeymoon the hotel was wonderful small and very very good customer service.The room was smaller than we are use to but we were in New York th erooms were clean modern and had loads of lighting with a well equiped bathroom and nice soaps etc. Highly recomend excellent cocktails and also a wine and champagne reception free at 5pm cant beat it ...Would def stay again	
May 4 2009 	I love the Muse Hotel	My husband and I met friends for a weekend in New York. I am a big fan of Kimpton hotels and the Muse is no exception. A great, boutique hotel. The room, while not large, was big enough since we weren't spending much time in our room. Every single staff person we encountered was friendly and helpful. Even fellow guests on the elevator were friendly which is somewhat unusual for New York. We appreciated that the hotel was &quot;green.&quot; Our room was very quiet--no street noise.	
May 3 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	Didn't know what to expect when I got a great deal trhough AAA for The Muse, but when I got there I was more than satisfied. The check-in was quick and courteous. The room was clean and somewhat spacious for New York. I wanted to go running, so they even had a small jogging map to take me through Central Park and back. Nevermind that the hotel was mere 100 yards to Times Square. I'll be back.	
May 3 2009 	Great Broadway Boutique Hotel.	We stayed 9 nights at the Muse Hotel. This boutique style hotel is located just off Broadway, about a 2 minute walk from Times Square. A very funky foyer greets you as you enter the hotel. A video projected fire over fake logs create the fireplace, electronic video art and a bar/restaurant located just of reception. We stayed on the 15th floor, the only floor to offer larger rooms with a HUGE balcony. Decor is clean, funky and modern. Bathroom, while updated, still feels old if you look beyond the nice fittings. Limited room service but of a extraordinarily high-quality; coming form the kitchen of the hotels restaurant Nios. Free morning coffee and nightly wine tastings are a nice touch. Central to all Midtown has to offer the Muse Hotel is for those who enjoy the smaller, intimate style hotels.	
Apr 26 2009 	Well located great staff and very comfortable beds	We arrived early evening from the airport and were helped inside with our bags by a very helpful porter - check in was very efficient. The beds are very comfortable indeed, so much so that we nearly didn't make it out for sightseeing! Rooms are very well appointed and for the price we paid were very high quality.The hotel is half a block from Times Square so is a great sightseeing place. Restaurant does reasonable food and serves flights of wine which was a nice touch.I picked The Muse as I'm a fan of Kimpton hotels, and was also impressed at how the manager responded to some of the TripAdvisor comments. I certainly wasn't disappointed by the experience, until the last day when my partner found ants on the chaise longue and in her suitcase. I'm sure they have fixed this though	
Apr 25 2009 	Times Square......very nice property great service	I stayed at The Muse last week for one night using a gift certificate I won at a golf tournament last year. Wow! Much to my surprise, I was given an executive suite that was fabulous.....very clean, large for NYC, and well-equipped. The customer service at the front desk, the bar, and in the small restaurant was absolutely superb. The employees actually seem to take pride in their work! If I could afford to stay at this hotel on my next trip, I would without a doubt.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great little hotel if you want to be near times square	This is a very nice boutique hotel if your desire is to be near time square. it's just a block away but very nice. Room are spacious, newly remodeled and very clean. Staff is very friendly and helpful. There is wine social each evening. room service was fast and efficient. it does not have a business center however, so if you need that, plan accordingly. I would recommend this hotel for most travelers.	
Apr 20 2009 	Why stay anywhere else in Midtown?	The Muse is great. The location is super--very close to Times Sq., but on eastbound 46th St., so the traffic isn't too awful. The service is excellent. Everyone on the staff is extremely friendly and competent--from the doormen to the people at the front desk to the maids.The price is comparatively reasonable. You can get a similar experience and location at the Midtown Marriott right down the street--but you'll also pay at least twice what the Muse charges.I haven't tried the new restaurants that've been added in the last year.Every time I visit Manhattan (2-3 times a year) I stay at the Muse. Its rooms are excellent, and all the accommodations are top notch.	
Apr 18 2009 	The Best Hotel in Town	I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for wonderful accommodations and great services. I travel to NY often and the Muse will now be my hotel of choice. The hotel is in the right place at the right time. Stylish but not over the top, It was great.Greeting me with a glass of wine after a horrendous day of travel was like icing on the cake. Most importantly my room was clean no hairs on the floors or on my towels in the bathroom, it was spotless. I thought I had died and gone heaven; I look forward to seeing you in New York. Tobie	
Apr 16 2009 	Mediocre service	I just returned from a 4-night stay at The Muse and have mixed feelings about it. We got a pretty good deal at $209 per night, but don't forget to add the $35 per night taxes.The hotel is small, so it only offers one &quot;restaurant&quot;. You can't get coffee or a drink anytime because the bar is never open and it closes at 1am, which is early for NY. The lobby is really nicely decorated--check out the bathrooms! Very cool. Arrived after a red-eye from SF and requested an early check-in. They were not able to accommodate us, so we had to wander around the city, completely exhausted in the rain. We asked the hotel to borrow an umbrella and they said &quot;yes&quot;, but after waiting at least 20 minutes, we left without it. All we got from them was a &quot;sorry&quot;. Not &quot;hold on we'll get it right away&quot;. Just &quot;sorry, bye&quot;. That was the first of many service related issues we had at the hotel. They finally gave us a room at 2:30 even though check-out is at noon. They could have gotten a room cleaned for us really quickly. We were drenched from the rain, tired and cold. They didn't even give us the second room until 3:30 when check-in is at 3:00 and we requested early check-in. Rooms: We had two rooms for 4 adults. One was a bit larger than the other, but they were both very nice. The beds were very comfy. We had no view from the 10th floor, and a tiny window. There was free wireless, which was a big plus for me. I hate feeling nickel and dimed.We requested extra blankets at 3:00 am on morning and still didn't have them by 7. We called again after falling asleep and eventually got one thin blanket when we specifically asked for two (boyfriend jacks up the A/C). The concierge recommended a club for us, which was nice, but they didn't give us the free VIP tickets they had. We took a cab to the club and left after realizing how long the line was, the $40 cover, and the icy weather. The next night we asked for more recommendations and a different concierge gave us the free tickets. Their employees are not informed about what is available for their guests.The nightly wine reception was a nice touch, and the drinks in the bar are really good. We hung out there a couple of the nights that we got in early and enjoyed it. They also have free tea and coffee in the morning.Overall, the hotel is centrally located and nicely decorated. The location is nice because it is on a quieter street. We were able to walk to the theater and 5th avenue shopping with no problem. The rate was good compared to other Times Square area hotels, but I would not stay there again.If you don't mind not having the amenities of a larger hotel or the service of a good quality hotel, then it's a good value. However, I would pay a little extra next time and spring for a nicer hotel. I gave The Muse a 4 because it is a small hotel and you can't really expect all the perks of a large hotel. However, the lack of service dropped it down from a 5.	
Apr 16 2009 	WOW what incredible service!	I stayed at this hotel while attending a funeral in New York for two days in April. It was superb, right in the middle of everything. I am a bit of a clean freak. I usually take my own sheets because I am afraid of the quality of the ones in the hotel. The linens were clean and crisp. The room was much bigger than expected and was so clean. The people at the front desk were so friendly and helpful. When we returned from the funeral or walking around we felt like we had just returned home. The staff bent over backwards to make sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed. I would highly reccomend this hotel and look forward to returning some time soon.	
Apr 15 2009 	One Word "Quality"	I stayed at the hotel at the end of last month. QUALITY from the room to the staff. I got a great deal ($199 a night and this included a weekend) because they were in a renovation stage of their lobby and restaurant but this didn't impact my stay at all. I also became a member of the Kiimpton In-Touch program which offers other perks (i.e free room wifi). It was a nice size room (bed was so comfortable, I wish I could have taken it home), big screen TV, desk, clock\alarm\ipod dock, chaise lounge, in-room safe, etc. I enjoyed the continental breakfast, $10 metro card (still have $ on it), a little welcome bag and then a person brought me bottled water and a very nice chocolate bar (it's the little things that makes a person feel special). The evening wine reception is a nice way to wind down the day. It's just steps away from Times Square, Theatres, etc. I also really liked the fact that they are environmentally conscience. I didn't need any towels replaced, their to go coffee cups and utensils are also green friendly, etc. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Service! Great Location!	Checked into the Muse Hotel after staying in Midtown East for 3 nights.Renovations had just completed!Lobby looks fantastic and the bar is a beautiful quiet space, and only 1/2 block from Times Square.- Nightly Complementary wine bar- Great staff- Great location- Free Internet	
Apr 13 2009 	AMAZING!!!	Seriously the best hotel I’ve ever been to in my life! My Husband and I were honeymooning and decided to stay at The Muse, probably one of the best decisions we could have made. The staff couldn’t have been nicer. From the door man to the front desk everyone had a smile and were extremely accommodating. Once they found out we were honeymooning our room was upgraded from a king deluxe to an executive suite. The champagne waiting was an added bonus. They even had a hand written note thanking us for staying there. Room service was amazing. I was on the tenth floor and couldn’t hear a peep. Plus LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!! We were half a block away from Times Square and like 3 blocks from news corp., magnolia bakery, sirus satellite building, etc. The beds were the most comfortable I’ve ever been in. I can’t rave enough about this place.	
Mar 27 2009 	The Muse is a hidden gem close to Times Square	Over for the 40th anniversary concerts of the legendary Allman Brothers Band at the Beacon Theater, with a bit of boutique Hotel comfort thrown in. Stayed in The Alex last time in 2005 which was also great but I'd say the Muse was equal and was cheaper this time. Despite proximity to Times Square it was really peaceful( on 7th floor) and the most comfortable hotel bed I've had, as others have commented. No problems at all with safety round Times Square or hotel - we walked from Penn Station up Broadway at 2.15am after a (Dickey Betts) gig in Wantagh, Long Island.Lobby undergoing upgrade, and continental breakfast was in lower lobby.	
Mar 23 2009 	Not bad but you could probably find a better value for the $$	Stayed here four nights in January to check out shows/museums. Location was great, close to Times Square, theaters/restaurant row &amp; subway. Room was quiet &amp; nice, upgraded a little &amp; had a very comfy King w/decent amount of space. Free internet service was also a ++.I stayed here during their renovations, so got a decent rate on the room (less than $300/night). Once renovations are complete and they raise their rates again, I don't think this place would be worth it--look for a better deal on Expedia, I'm planning to stay at the Sofitel or Library next time I'm in NYC (same area/price, but better reviews).	
Mar 17 2009 	Very welcoming!	Third, (or fourth?) stay at Muse, March 5-11, 2009. A welcoming and comfortable stay, as in the past. Liked the new decor of the rooms which are large and CLEAN! Beds are wonderful! Yes, the lobby was under construction, but didn't impact my stay, (wish I could have stayed a day later to see the new one unveiled!). staff was very helpful and accommodating, especially the door staff! Continental Breakfast was a nice bonus - my only suggestion would be to have coffee makers in the rooms. Location could not be more perfect.	
Mar 13 2009 	Muse Hotel	I stayed here for 3 nights with my wife just before Christmas. The hotel is convienantly located just off Time Square and close to the subway. I thought that the hotel was good value for money with well informed staff and clean rooms.Our 1st room had no heating so we had to change rooms and ended up with a smaller room which was diappointing. When i saw my brother's room i felt i little cheated as he was larger still.We did have a good stay though with the rooms always kept clean.	
Mar 1 2009 	Everything you should expect	I've always liked this chain and the Muse didn't disappoint. We just finished 3 nights at the Muse (first time there) and we'll be back. Everything mentioned in earlier reviews is consistant with what we experienced. The lobby is still under construction but it didn't impact our trip at all. The room was spacious and very comfortable. Friendly, professional staff at every level. Location, location, location adds points to this property. Good job Muse!	
Mar 1 2009 	Very inspiring	My husband and my 11 year old daughter stayed at The Muse Hotel in New York City. It was simply perfect. Nothing more you could ask for.   We checked in at the hotel at about 5pm. The staff was very kind/helpful and when we got there and asked about restaurants, they hooked us up with the perfect one. We then settled down in our room and went for evening wine. The wine was from 5-6pm and was complementary. It was GREAT! They had different kinds that fit your taste exactly! It was in the bottom of the hotel in a quiet room. It was peaceful and the seats were comfy. They had some books you could read so you could accompany yourself. When we got back to our room, to our surprise there was a kids package for my daughter! It was full of 5star fun! But not only a package for her, but also for my husband and I. Since we signed up as a Kimpton member, you get a welcome gift. It includes a bottle of fresh spring water and a Godiva chocolate bar! How much better could it get? There was also another pack that had some Garnier Fructis shampoo and conditioner. Also had some other useful things. The bed was so comfy. And the room was so quiet... you didn't hear ANYTHING! The breakfast was DELICIOUS! They had all kinds of food. Fresh croissants, fresh juicy fruit, soft muffins, and lots of other yummy pastries. My husband drinks grapefruit juice every breakfast. At most hotels dont have it but here they had a wide selection of juices. They also had hot drinks.  The hotel was located shortly off the side of time square. It was located close to everything! It was perfectly centered! You were close to all of the Broadway theaters and was just a walking distance away from just about everything!  There are so many things you can do that is very close to the hotel! But this is a very wonderful hotel that I would recommend to ALL of my friends! And be sure to see Wicked on Broadway! It is the best musical ever! And the theater is VERY close by! I have just 1 more tip for you... stay at this boutique hotel.	
Feb 25 2009 	Excellent Location	We stayed at the hotel from the 1st jan to 8th jan 09. First and foremost the location of the hotel is excellent. When you step outside, if you go left it's towards times square, if you turn right its towards fifth avenue. Me and my husband walked 80% of places we needed to go, even tho we went when it was -7, if u wrap up warm it was fine. The receptionist were very helpful and gave us ideas on where to eat, and also made the reservations for us. Our room was on the 16th floor and was nice a quite, with no disturbances. There are a couple of things i wish they would change, a internet access room, to check email, or other information while on holiday, also we had a night flight, and because we checked out at 11am, we would of liked a shower and change of cloths before we went. But loved the hotel and was a good experience, but would stay sumwhere else next time, not because of the hotel, but because new york is so big, and we would like to experience other hotels and locations.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great location excellent beds okey service	Had to change room because of construction site at back-yard.	
Feb 11 2009	perfect accomadation	from the moment we entered the muse we were made to feel welcolme, nothing was to much trouble, we especially enjoyed the complimentary drinks served in the lobby every evening, this allowed us to meet other guests, the accomadation was comfortable and cleaned to a good standard, the noise level low, location perfect we will certainly stay there again	
Feb 6 2009 	one of the best moderate hotels	Stayed Nov 2008 with my dog. Rooms are nice and spacious. Staff is excellent...checks id to make sure non-guests and uninvited guests get in. Complimentary breakfast refreshments. Great location, near Times Square...close to Virgin Megastore. Toiletries were L'Occtaine and other brands. Staff is prompt and will fix problems right away. Great decor and lots of furniture, but roomy and comfortable. Will definitely stay there next time I visit NYC.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great hotel in Midtown	This may be the nicest hotel that I've ever stayed in -- and it oughtta be for the price. We spent the extra money to stay close to the theater district. The rooms were absolutely gorgeous -- decorated in a fancy-modern style. The size of the rooms were larger than other places I've seen in NYC. The bed was super-comfortable, with a pillow-top mattress. The staff were attentive and helpful.	
Jan 26 2009 	Great even during construction!	If I could give this hotel a 4.5, I would, but I am settling on a 4. My husband and I (27 and 30 years old) traveled to NYC for a long weekend. It was our first time in the city, so we wanted to stay near Times Square, but we also wanted more of a boutique hotel. So, we chose the Muse. We ended up getting a great rate (195/night), probably because the lobby was closed for construction. But, they also threw in complimentary continental breakfast, which was fantastic!Our room was smallish, but the bathroom was large. We were on the 14th floor, so noise was not an issue at all. The room was clean, housekeeping was fine! There was one issue one morning with the elevators not working, so my husband had to walk up 14 flights of stairs and no one could get to the basement for the breakfast. But, they got that fixed very quickly.The location was perfect! About a block of times square, close to the theatres, easy access to subways, etc. We really loved it and would probably return!	
Jan 25 2009 	one of the best	We stayed at this hotel at the begining of December, and I can not fault it. The staff were some of the most obliging and friendly hotel staff we have ever come across.The rooms were spotless and spacious, and the beds the most comrotable I have ever slept in.The location was perfect for any district in New York.If I ever come back to NY I would not contemplate staying anywhere else.	
Jan 20 2009 	great hotel and position	There is not enough room here to to say how much we enjoyed our stay at this hotel the service we encountered was very good from the time we go out the taxi we were on a delayed flight from Manchester UK so it was a pleasant surprise when we arrived luggage taken from taxi up to our room seats for us to sit down while we checked in young chap that helped us to our room was very nice showed us how everything worked just said goodbye didn't wait for his tip the room was massive TV on wall super king size bed everything we could have asked for in a hotel.Hotel is in a great position turn left and your right on time square go right and your only a few blocks from rockefeller and empire state building all within walking distance subway at the end of the road .Free coffee in morning and free wine in the evening just what was required to get to know fellow guests staying at this hotel.on checkout bags were taken to safe area and we went and done more site seeing for the rest of the day as car was arranged for us by very polite doormen which arrived in plenty of time for the airport considering the traffic in new york .I cant see why some people have knocked this hotel because it is everything you could ask for in somewhere to stay nice people great location clean room maid every day and big bed	
Jan 14 2009 	Must have had one of the worst rooms in the hotel	We must have had the worst room at the hotel compared to the other ratings. Our windows faced a brick wall, the windows wouldn't open properly which we wanted because the airconditioning system wouldn't regulate properly. The room was small and because of the windows facing the wall, the room was dark and dreary. Never saw the sun. It was like staying in a closet. The staff were a bit put off and arrogant. Not friendly. The only positive about this hotel is the location. There are better choices. We will not stay here again.	
Dec 27 2008 	Nice Accommodations however.....	I booked this hotel using AAA and my rate was $201 a night, however, once you added in taxes for the city, taxes for the state, and some other fees, my total fee for 2 nights was $505.00.We took a cab from Penn Station to The Muse hotel, $10.50 fare because we passed the hotel. At first we didn't see the sign, but then called the hotel and they helped us find them. The door attendant was most accommodating and helped us into the lobby to check in. The hotel staff met us very promptly and they were very nice and helpful. We checked into room 710 quickly and with no problems. The room was clean and comfortable, but small. The bathroom was nice, however, you could hear when the person in the next room when they turned on their water and it sounded as if someone was using our facilities. Our room had no view what so ever and overlooked nothing but a mechanical piece of equipment or something (see picture). The bed was inviting and big and comfortable and enveloped you once you lay down, and you sunk into the pillows!I cannot put my finger on anything that was wrong with the hotel, but for those of us on a somewhat “budget”, getting more for your money while traveling is important, such as complimentary continental breakfast and a place to sit and enjoy it while figuring out what you are going to tackle in the great city of New York!The hotel offered complimentary tea and coffee to its guest, but not in your room, you had to go downstairs to the restaurant. However, once you got your drink, you could not sit at a table, you had to either go back up to your room or sit in the lobby (which was not a very inviting lobby to sit in – it was very open and in the way of arriving guests).The location was great, literally a stones throw away from the heart of Times Square. Walk out the door, turn left and walk to the end of the block -- right in the heart. Or, turn right out of the hotel, walk to the end of that black and look left, and you were within walking distance of Radio City Music Hall and Rockefeller Plaza. I think next time, I’m going to stay at the Comfort Inn directly across the street, they have a continental breakfast and a nice sitting area for family and friends to gather before and after your journey throughout the city.Great food @ Nino’s on 46th street between 6th and 5th Avenue (good breakfast, good value for your money – very clean and well maintained.)I do not think I would return to the Muse because there are so many other hotels with more accommodations to offer a traveler.	
Dec 26 2008 	Peaceful Oasis in Midtown	My wife and spent 4 days there this month as a New York getaway vacation Christmas present to each other. Our stay overall was terrific. The quality, size, quietness, and location of the room was supurb. Every staff member was friendly and willing to help. Complimentary wine reception every evening was a definite plus. We felt comfortable from the moment we arrived and were reluctant to leave. The Muse is a calm oasis in the bustle of New York City. As a Kimpton InTouch member we were upgraded automatically to a superior king room. It was large well appointed and quiet with a view down 46th street. The bed was extremely comfortable. They just began a complete renovation of the lobby so there may be some inconvenience until it is completed. Our only bad experience was the District Restaurant. We ate there Sunday for breakfast. Service was mediocre, the bacon and eggs were both overcooked and it was tremendously over priced. Such a fine hotel should not have such a bad restaurant. Other than that I would recommend this hotel very highly.	
Dec 18 2008 	Though beautiful apathetic staff and lackluster service overun ambience	My daughters and I stayed at Muse Hotel in NYC from October 10 to October 13, 2008. I booked our reservations online over the summer using Priceline.com; a fact which may be at the very core of the manner in which we were handled.  When we arrived, a young man at the front desk looked up our reservation and reviewed it then made mention that it was booked through Priceline at a rate of $327.00 per night. Perhaps this was his preamble to the less-than-primary service we should expect. He asked for a credit card &quot;to have on record for an incidental charges&quot;, an understandable request and I happily complied. He failed to mention that he would placing a $450.00 pre-authorization hold on the card. It was the bellman that advised me on the way to our room that there was only one bed in the room we were assigned. So, back down we went and the young man again pulled up the reservation and stated that this was the room I ordered from Priceline. Looking at my Priceline agreement, I realize that I may have allowed myself to be deceived that there would be no up-charge for two double-bed room rather than the king bedroom, but live and learn.The young man then offered to &quot;upgrade&quot; our room from a single king to a double-double&quot; for $49.95 per night extra. What choice did I have? So I agreed. The room was very nice but had an odor of pet dander. It was at this point that I found the brochure in the room announcing this Kimpton hotel as pet friendly. The odor must have been remnants of previous guests with pets and eventually subsided as the air conditioning ran. This lack of disclosure could have been catastrophic for a severe allergy sufferer who unsuspectingly walks into a room that has housed animals. On October 12, I reviewed my bank account charges and was flabbergasted to find a $450.00 charge on my account from Muse Hotel. I asked a young lady at the front desk and was rather snobbishly informed that a security deposit of $150.00 per day was placed on a pre-authorization hold to my credit card for any damages to the room. Damages? How could I not help but feel singled out at this point? Was that statement prompted because I have children? Perhaps it's a case of presumption that people who book using Priceline are more destructive by nature. She then explained in an unpleasant fashion that &quot;we have to make sure the card is good and not just any card. People can hand you anything&quot; and something more about an unwritten rule between the hotel and guests. I also advised her that if full disclosure had been made to me in the beginning, I would have authorized the charge however that the act of &quot;backdooring&quot; a charge is not only unprofessional, it is illegal. Her very dead pan reply was that it was standard procedure. It's been a few years since I've been out of the customer service game, but I do remember that cardinal rule and that is never state policy or procedure when it is time to consul a concerned customer. It displays lack of ownership and empathy.This lack of empathy was echoed by a brunette young lady at the desk upon check out. At 11:25 on October 13, I was informed by the airlnes that our afternoon flight was cancelled and I asked this young lady if we could please have a late check out so that I could have a safe place for my children to stay while I made other flight arrangements. She looked up our flight online as if to verify if my claim of the cancellation was true then advised no, it would not be possible to check out late but we could stay in the lobby if we needed to while I made my new flight arrangements. And we did just that. In fact, we were in the lobby until 1:20 watching party after party check out well after the 12:00 time. Wow. What a slap in the face. Try explaining that to your kids in a manner that doesn't make them feel terrible. They did feel terrible though and so do I.In reflection, I still ponder what was the true catalyst of what I feel was mistreatment by your front desk staff to my family.All of this was mailed to the Chief Operating Officer of Kimpton, the Muse's parent company for a chance to at least acknowlege our feelings. After 8 weeks of no reply, I feel enough time has passed to share our story so you hopefully won't leave with the same bad taste.	
Dec 9 2008 	Stay was perfect	I stayed for the weekend with family and friends at The Muse. The stay was wonderful. The rooms were spacious and very clean. The service was excellant and the staff were friendly and very helpful. This was our third trip to New York in the last two years and our stay at The Muse was by far the best. We have stayed each trip in Time Square. The location was also great.	
Nov 24 2008 	LOVED The Muse	Spent the weekend in NYC with my 2 daughters, ages 14 and 10, and we LOVED The Muse! The location is awesome. We spent time in the Upper East Side, midtown, Radio City, Times Square and The Village. Never felt like we traveled far to get anywhere. Our room was really nice too. Decent space for a New York hotel room and a very nice bathroom. And I loved the fact that the comforter was actually wrapped in a sheet, so that each guest had a clean comforter cover! Everyone was friendly and accomodating as well. We'll be back soon ... and definitely stay here again!	
Nov 20 2008 	Feel at Home in the Big Apple	Staying at The Muse while in New York City is like staying with your hippest friend in the city, a friend who spared no detail in setting up the guest room! It's clean, quiet, and very comfortable, and impossible to believe that the noise and excitement of Times Square are only seconds away. The staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful, and appeared to really enjoy doing their jobs. At the risk of not being able to book a room at this small hotel (because of its popularity) on my next NYC visit, I give The Muse and its people an unqualified &quot;thumbs up!&quot;	
Nov 20 2008 	We loved The Muse	The hotel is in a perfect location, just off Times Square but not at all noisy (but we were were on the 17th floor - suite 1704, which has views of the Paramount Building.) You can walk amost everywhere. Our children were made to feel very welcome (though they didn't get a Kimpton Kids welcome gift!) The room was spacious but we would have liked a lot more closet space, the room has a large entrance hall which was plenty big enough for another closet or even coat hooks would have been nice. We did have a problem with the TV's but they were always quick to fix them. The staff were great at recommending trips and restaurants and even somewhere for breakfast (we didn't eat at the hotel). One evening I had terrible toothache and couldn't sleep, the next morning my husband mentioned this to the receptionist and within 20mins I was sat in Dr Jan Linhart's surgery, where he quickly put me out of my misery. We definately will be staying at The Muse on our next visit and will recommend to friends. We thought the wine hour and the gorgeous toiletries were a nice touch.Thank you everyone at The Muse x	
Nov 15 2008 	Glad I gave it a chance	I am a bit of a Starwood whore - looking for the SPG points wherever I go. In Manhattan, I can usually be found at the W Times Square or the Westin. Kimpton is usually my second chain choice if I can't find a good Starwood hotel.On my last trip to NYC, I decided to shop around a bit (travel expenses are getting a little more attention than usual for obvious reasons) and found some great reviews for The Muse. My rate for a King Premier room was about $100/night cheaper than anything I could get at the Westin or W, so I decided to go for it. Boy, am I glad I did.From the moment the doorman opened the door of my car and walked me to the check-in desk to the morning that I checked out, my stay was on par with some of the nicest hotels I've stayed in around the world. My room seemed large for New York, though this was partially due to some nice usage of mirrors. The bed was more comfortable than my favorite Westin Heavenly Bed, and there was plenty of room to work. Free Wi-Fi as well! The view wasn't anything to write home about, but it wasn't awful either.I will definitely be back.	
Nov 14 2008 	Will come back to the Muse!	Booked in via Hotels.com and had to make changes to dates. Hotels.com policy required that the whole booking be rebooked, but that would have meant that I lost the special rate innitially obtained. Hotels.com were however happy contact the Muse who were happy to cooperate and make the changes whilst still retaining the special rate. A few days before arriving I contactde the Muse to advise of a room preference. We arrived at the Muse on a Sunday evening and were quickly checked in by friendly staff. The room was on a high floor as requested so that TRAFFIC noise was at a mimimum. Other TripAdvisor reports led us to be concerned about noise. We were given room 1601. Another contributor who had this room advised that it was located next door do the elevator machinery room. This proved to be correct and on our first mornign we advised the concierge who was happy to immediately relocate us if we wanted. We thought about the offer and decidded against this schlep. We worked out that if we kept the aircon in the room on even if in fan mode, it drowns out any of the noises which did come through from the elevator.So now we know the staff are great. The rooms.....magnificent, always clean and neat when we returned in the evenings aftre a hectic day of shopping and sightseeing...docking stataion for i pod and flat panel TV. Great size as well. Very comfortable bed and linen.Location: Perfect...just off the hussle bussle of Times Square and within easy walking distance of theatres.Breakfasts....Although a bit pricey..thats New York unless you go to the chain eateries. Service was always great and well presented and of a good standard.Check Out: Excellent and seamless. An excessive amount reserved on my credit card was reversed out within 48 hours.I will not look elsewhere when I return to New York.	
Nov 3 2008 	Excellent Stay in New York	Me and my girlfriend have just returned from a 6 night stay at The Muse Hotel New York. The hotel is located on W46th street which is a 30 seconds walk from Times square and a few minutes walk from 5th Avenue.We arrived on Saturday night from Newark by Taxi (approx $80 inc tolls and tip, worth while after a long flight from UK) and were greeted by very helpful and friendly door and reception staff.The room was a good size (big for New York standards) and had everything needed for our stay, big comfy king size bed, decent size bathroom, Flat screen TV with cable (not much time to watch it though!!). The room was spotless when we arrived and was cleaned daily with clean towels and bed linen changed if required. The room had a safe which was free to use (no deposit required) and had a mini bar which was expensive but you don't need to use this you can get anything you want in New York without having to go to far.The only minor gripes would be that the room was pretty dark (without lights on, but has plenty of lamps in room) as our Window was not on the front of the building and looked right out onto the next door building which had office workers in during the day, this was not really a big deal though as we didn't spend any time in the hotel during the day. The other minor gripe would be with the air con - it is very noisy when it is running and if you were staying during the warmer months you would need this on constantly and would be difficult to sleep with it on, but again not a problem for us as we didn't really need to use it.All in all a fantastic hotel which is very clean and modern with everything you need for a great stay in New York. The location is a great base for New York especially Times Square, 5th Ave etc. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York and I will definitely stay here again!!	
Nov 2 2008 	My Go-To Hotel in Mid-Town NYC	The Muse Hotel is another great Kimpton property. This chain has really livened up hotel travel. If you like a cozy hotel, this is the place.The Muse Hotel boasts fun, ultra-modern rooms within walking distance of the Theatre District and Times Square. It is an island of tranquility surrounded by all that chaos. The staff do a very good job of welcoming guests and making them feel at home.The restaurant is quite good and the bar is very pleasant. You can eat at the bar if you seeking a faster meal. The sliders are quite good.The exercise room is not large (wish it were larger), but the small size of the hotel mean that you won't have to wait for equipment. In short, this place is fun and cozy. I love the little extras like the surprise gift package and the chocolate milk with melatonin.	
Nov 1 2008 	Great Hotel the Muse	Just returned from a 5 night stay - excellent hotel with lovely rooms - all staff very helpful &amp; pleasant. Great location - in a nut shell everthing about this hotel ticked the right boxes. We will definitely be returning to The Muse Hotel on our next visit to New York City.	
Oct 29 2008 	Found my Muse	My friends and I stayed at the Muse during the weekend of October 24-26 for a girl's weekend in the city. This hotel actually wasn't our original pick, we did the pick our hotel on priceline and the Muse accepted our bid. Once we did a bit of research on the Muse we were thrilled they had accepted our offer, although I was nervous at first. As there were three of us in the room, I wanted a room with two beds, and when I called to try and upgrade it took quite a few tries (and a lot of being transferred), until I found someone who could help me, but that turned out to be the only problem I had.When we arrived for check-in (admittedly very early - 11am) we were told that the room wasn't ready, but were very easily able to check our bags and head out into the city. Once we were able to check in, we found a fabulous room, and more importantly for ladies in the city, a bathroom that could accomodate all three of us while trying to get ready for a night in the city. The decor in the room and toiletries in the bathroom were also fabulous, and of course the Kimpton robes were extra comfy as well.I felt very safe in the hotel, not only was there a key check at night, but one morning at about 3am about fifteen minutes after arriving in, I hear a knock at the door, security was checking if everything was okay as the door wasn't closed properly, which was another nice sign.Overall, I'd recommend the Muse Hotel. The rooms were lovely, the location was central to Times Square, but didn't have the noise and lights of actually staying in the square but still let you be part of the hustle and bustle when you wanted to be.	
Oct 26 2008 	Loved the Muse	We have just returned from a week-end in the Muse Hotel in NY city. Located midtown one block from Times Square and two from 5th Avenue it is handy for Central Park, The Metropolian Museum of Art (we walked) and many other sights. We were a party of six and arrived at different times, the staff were excellent and by the time we arrived much delayed, everyone (including the driver of the cab they organised to collect us from the airport) knew who we were. This personal service lasted throughout our stay. The rooms were spacious for New York and very stylish . The beds were the most comfortable I have slept in a hotel with feather mattress toppers and pillows.The room had a flat screen TV, ipod dock/alarm clock and a safe The hotel will lend you anything you have forgotten and sell you items that cannot be lent. I needed a European adaptor and one was brought up to me within 5 minutes. The cost was on the bill (it was brand new) but they said that they would not charge if I returned it. They offer a complimentary glass or two of wine between 5 and 6pm every evening and unlimited coffee and tea in the lobby from 7am to about 10am . They were also happy to recommend an excellent diner for breakfast although there is a restaurant in the hotel.At the time it was one of the most reasonably priced hotels listed in central Manhattan.	
Oct 9 2008 	Loved the Muse!	My husband and I stayed at The Muse from October 4th-October 6th. We loved it! The Muse's location is great...we walked everywhere. The hotel was very clean, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and we loved the wine hour! The room was much bigger than I expected; large by NYC standards! I have no complaints and will recommend this hotel to all my friends and family that travel to NYC. I highly recommend The Muse!	
Oct 8 2008 	Top notch service excellent décor extraordinary property. New York at its best	The Muse Hotel New York is an exemplary example of the boutique hotel experience. From the moment that you speak with Valet to the time you check out, the Muse provides nothing less than hands on top notch service and luxurious accommodations. Our weekend retreat was an Executive Suite with one king bed, the room was spacious and expertly decorated in very contemporary fashion, including a fully stocked mini bar, two flat panel televisions, huge marble bathroom and the humorous / sexy (depending on your mood) leopard print robes and nighties.Location is perfect, right next to Times Square and within easy walking distance to all major midtown attractions, including 5th Ave shopping, Radio City Music Hall, Central Park, NBC and others. Of course, cabs, limos or any standard mass transit option is only footsteps away.This is how you do New York in style. If you just need a room, stay at the Westin Times Square. For a luxurious and romantic getaway – The Muse is guaranteed to more than satisfy!	
Oct 5 2008 	Good Muse!	We stayed 7 nights and had a 10th floor room at the back of the hotel.The room was of good size, with modern furnishings and art works. Bathroom facilities were good. We found the air conditioning effective but noisy.Staff were attentive and friendly and the room was serviced discreetly and efficiently.Stylish, 'theatre' themed, restaurant served good variety of breakfasts and offered a number of imaginative and well presented dishes in the evening, when a prix fixe pre-theatre menu was also offered. Restaurant prices are fairly high and portions are european rather than american.Principal downside - which is also,in one sense, an advantage - is its proximity to Times Square with all that that entails in terms of noise, crowds, litter and hassle; but, that's the way it is!Would have rated it 'Excellent' but for its location.	
Sep 24 2008	Perfect	I visited NYC with a family member this past Spring and we gambled by booking with Priceline. Oh my, were we pleasantly surprised! I was THRILLED when I saw the hotel Priceline gave us was the Muse because it's a Kimpton Hotel We've had great luck with their boutique hotels before, so I was epecting a lot.First, the room: The whole hotel was recently refurbished, and it shows. The decor is modern and crisp, and the room was spotless. Luxurious bath products, comfy comfy beds with ample pillows and linens, flat-screen TV, very quiet all night long. For two double beds, it was a bit on the small side, (both of us dressing at the same time could be a challenge) but that's the only complaint I had.The hotel itself: Like all Kimpton properties I've visited, they have a nice wine reception in the afternoon, and the rest of the hotel common areas were soothing and fun. They have an on-site restaurant but we didn't try it.Location: Just off Times Square, perfect for touristing that area. It was nice to wind up all of our evenings in Times Square, plus we could walk to all of our plays. Service: Impeccable, as far as getting us places, and tips for stuff to do, subway directions, you name it. The concierge knew their stuff and helped us out a ton.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel for your trip to NYC. It's nice and new, and everything you'd expect from a Kimpton property. Book it if you want to stay somewhere memorable and special!	
Sep 23 2008 	We really liked it	We really liked this hotel. The location was perfect for us, close to the theaters (but not too close!) and 5th Ave. shopping. Our room was reasonably big and was very, very clean. The only problem we had, which was minor, was getting in to eat breakfast at the restaurant. We went in, all the tables were empty and there was a crowd waiting to get in. This seemed odd, so we just ate elsewhere. Overall, it was a great experience.	
Sep 19 2008	Sucks	1.5hrs past check in time we asked again and again for a room (out of towners) and given many excuses..room being cleaned, people still in it. we clarified, any room, then we were told we demanded a specific room which was untrue!! room is similar to a closet size. concierge was a joke. they all seemed utterly confused. we ate at the hotel restaurant. dinner was pleasant. breakfast however, included an employee cursing loudly in kitchen while apparently telling a story. extremely unprofessional. this place gives nyc a bad name.	
Sep 9 2008 	Another Great Kimpton Hotel	My husband and I are Kimpton Hotel fans and have stayed with them in San Francisco, Boston and in DC. We were looking forward to our stay at the Muse in NYC and were not disappointed. Our stay was perfect. Here are the details:Location: Less than a block off of Times Square. Very easy to grab cabs or just walk block and half to subway stop. Easy walk to shopping and Central Park. Staff: Very friendly and welcoming. That's what we love about Kimpton Hotels...staff is always great! We are members of their In Touch program and there was a personal note, bottle of water and Godiva chocolate in our room when we arrived. Such a nice touch.Room: Amazing! We had an executive king and it was huge...super comfy king size bed, chaise sofa to lounge on plus desk and flat screen tv. Nice bathroom with plenty of room for travel stuff. Huge closet with hangers and bathrobes. Our room faced the back side of the hotel and was very quiet.Amenities: Complimentary wine hour every night and coffee and tea in morning plus newspapers delivered to door and FREE wi-fi.What can I say, Kimpton Hotels is the best hotel chain and they truely understand travelers today. They are always our first choice. We will definitely be back to the Muse hotel.	
Sep 3 2008 	The Muse is Awesome	The Muse is the third Kimpton hotel we have stayed in, and once again we were extremely pleased. The staff was very accommodating, friendly, and helpful. The room was perfect, from the cleanliness, to the decor, to the marble bathroom. The beds are very comfortable, just wish they were queen size instead of double as we had our two teenage kids with us. We had read some previous reviews which indicated that you can hear lots of noise from outside, so we brought our ear plugs. Good thing we did! From our room we definitely needed the ear plugs, but considering the great location of The Muse to Times Square, you definitely have to expect the noise outside. The Muse itself is a very quiet, safe, and classy hotel. We are so glad we stayed there. Can't wait to go back!	
Sep 2 2008 	Loved the Muse	Stayed at the Muse at the end of July for 3 nights, wow was very impress with the hotel. The room was very clean and big for New York. We were on the 14th floor, did not hear any noise . The beds are the best.The staff are all very nice and friendly.Loved the location so close to Time Square.Coffee in the morning downstairs is excellent, and bonus wine in the afternoon.Will deffinitely return. Keep up the good work.	
Aug 30 2008 	Great deal and location	Got a great deal on a Kimpton online promotion for the weekend before Labor day weekend. Have enjoyed other Kimpton hotels (but no goldfish here). Great location a block off Times Square and in the midst of all the Broadway theaters. 5 blocks from the Port Authority stop of the Newark Airport bus shuttle. We also walked to MOMA, Rockefeller Center, etc. We got one of the recently renovated rooms (King Deluxe I believe) that was actually the biggest room I've had in NYC (last year at the nice and also boutiquey Hotel Mela a block away the room was barely big enough to fit the king bed). There was reasonable space along either side of the bed and a desk and TV/dresser/minibar area at the foot. There was an apology letter for the fact that the HD was not yet set up with the TV, but no biggie. We were on the 12th floor, and faced away from Times Square towards Sixth. Quiet. No business center, but FedEx Kinkos was a block away. We did dine at District before a show (very convenient). The 3 course pre-theater menu was a good deal, and the very unusual &quot;shrimp cocktail&quot; appetizer had me chuckling while we ate it. The lamb shank was a bit dry though. But overall a good meal, and a very convenient option for a nice pre-theater dinner (with the added bonus of being able to pop upstairs to your room before going to your show).Did not check out the fitness center (too busy with shows and restaurants). Overall, another fine Kimpton hotel experience, got a great deal compared to other area boutique hotels for my travel period, and roomier than I had become accustomed to in NYC. And you can't beat the location in the heart of Times Square (if you're into that sort of thing.).	
Aug 27 2008 	A ++ very nice great service	This hotel was super nice for the price. I got 7 days for $1700 total including all taxes. I stayed in 308 and my room was spacious for NY, very clean, updated with large flat screen, quiet, VERY comfortable bed and sheets (all down feather) superb location if you are seeing shows. Have breakfast at the deli about 50 paces west on the street across the street....good food and can't beat the price.	
Aug 26 2008 	Meet the High Expectations	Spent one night to see a show. Great location for Bway access. Room size was average by NYC standards (small) but well appointed. Concierge recommended Baldoria's. Nice Italian but felt ripped off for $12 meatballs plus $14 for the pasta-$28 bucks for two meatballs and pasta? Would return to the Muse.	
Aug 12 2008 	Recommended Lovely Hotel Centrally Located	My husband and I stayed four nights near the end of July of this year. Personally, I am not a fan of midtown Manhattan preferring the West Village or Chelsea but was very pleased by The Muse and wound up loving and appreciating its convenient midtown-west location. We booked early and got a great rate on a really lovely room. We arrived into NYC earlier than anticipated (noonish) and were permitted to check in to our room straight away without having to kill time while it was cleaned. The room decor was definitely above average and not hotelish looking, done in a sort of Hollywood Regency style. It was clean and neat. The bed was extremely comfortable. The hotel is very quiet inside and outside; no annoying loud folk in the hallways, etc that we experienced. Our room faced W 46th St (we were on 14th floor) and heard nothing from the street outside. Each evening the hotel hosts a wine tasting which was very nice. We did not eat at &quot;District,&quot; the restaurant located within, but found the Cranberry Grill located around the corner on W. 45th a great place to grab breakfast or lunch. Advise to steer clear of overpriced Europa Cafe at corner of W. 46th and 6th Ave (aka Ave of the Americas). Kept jewelry and Mac notebook in safe during stay -- all was secure. Lovely L'Occitane toiletries in room. Great. Will visit again.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great location and Hotel	We got a great rate through Travelocity and it was a great deal. The hotel was everything as advertised plus some. Great location, quiet, large room and bath, pleasant staff, helpful door men, free coffee, wine and newspaper each day. You can walk to most locations in Manhattan and if you are not walking, there are several subway stations close by. Very close to Times Square, Broadway plays, and restaurants. I would definitely suggest anyone that is visiting the city to give the Muse a consideration.	
Aug 8 2008 	Don't stay here	Be very careful with your belongings when you stay at this hotel. There were four of us staying in this 2 bed room. We asked for a fold out bed as my two teenage sons did not want to sleep together, we were told no fold out bed. That's ok what could we do but put up wth it. Anyway we had $120 worth of goods taken from our room. I went down to the front desk told them, they said only housekeeper goes in room, they called security who informed me that he would look in to it. I said ok. Security told me only cleaner goes in room, I said ok then that person has either stolen out goods or thrown them away. Security could not find out anything. How stupid is the cleaner I ask you to ask yourself. Anyway because we could not prove we had the goods as the receipts were in the I LoVE NY bag which was taken. We were given back $80 in Australian money and not american. I said we paid for the goods on Visa but that did not make any difference. My advice DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. It was noisy as well. And they tried to charge us for goods taken out of the mini bar, which were not. It was there mistake. NEVER AGAIN	
Aug 5 2008 	A Great Choice In A Great Location	If you're looking for a sophisticated refuge from all the hurly-burly of Times Square, look no further. The Muse is a quiet (yet hardly sedate!) boutique hotel located one block from all the action. The hotel staff works overtime to ensure your unique needs are met from the moment you enter their lobby to the moment you leave.We were upgraded to a newly-renovated &quot;Executive King &quot; suite on the 16th floor, with decent views of Times Sq and dual-zoned temperature controls (a nice touch!) Other nice touches: L'Occitaine bath products, flat-screen HDTVs (one in our living area, the other in the bedroom) and an i-Home clock radio, allowing you to dock your i-pod and enjoy your own music. The bed was exceptionally comfortable: pillow-topped mattress, high thread-count linens and four pillows (plus one more in the linen closet!) The Muse truly goes out of its way to make sure you are as comfortable as possible. We did not take advantage of the nightly wine-tasting in the lobby, but the complementary coffee-bar in the morning was greatly appreciated! (Good coffee, too!)&quot;District&quot; - the hotel's sole restaurant serves an amazingly-priced three-course &quot;pre-theatre&quot; prix-fixe menu for $45.00 and the quality of the food is significantly better than what you'll find elsewhere in the neighborhood. It has a wonderful 'theatrical&quot; atmosphere, too.We'll be back!	
Jul 28 2008 	Not to be Trusted	This hotel is not to be trusted with your credit card details. On checking into the hotel, they put a large charge against the card for incidentals, just in case I had them (which I never). They have also charged my credit card, 6 months after my stay, for a service I have not taken. All methods of communication have failed ensuring that this issue cannot be discussed with the Hotel Manager. This has soured my whole experience of my stay and will not recommend to my business.	
Jul 28 2008	Lovely Hotel Great Front Desk Service	This is a lovely hotel, right in the heart of Broadway, close to all the action, near the theater district, close to restaurants, subways, and more! The rooms are superbly decorated and well appointed. The bathrooms are very spacious and well done with comfortable showers and tubs and marble sinks and countertops. The lighting and sound systems in the rooms are very nicely done. Ask for a higher level floor to avoid noise from the street level below. We checked into our room and found the sit down at a desk check in system to be personal and friendly. While we were staying there we needed to do several business items of a personal nature and the front desk staff helped us arrange each of these trips individually. They sat down with us &quot;at the desk&quot; and looked up the information, helping us book cars, drivers, or public transport, making reservations for us, getting information and all sorts of other 'hand on' tasks that went well beyond the normal service you would receive at other 'big' hotels. Our only complaint is that the housekeeping staff never seemed to arrive at a timely hour. We would often wait until well after 2 p.m. for our maid to come to the room. We would go out and come back several times during the morning, only to return to find the room unmade and the maid no where to be found. We complained several times over the course of several days to the front desk. They would try to be helpful and hurry the maid along but it didn't seem to help expedite our particular maid on our particular floor. Otherwise, it is a great hotel.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great Hotel	We had a great stay because:- excellent staff- great location (metro &amp; theaters were close)- clean, roomy, comfortable roomsWe got a summer discount rate of $179 per room--exceptionally good for NYC. The first night, noise from the HVAC was a little bothersome, but we asked to be moved and our second room was quiet. There's a Cuban restaurant across the street where the food is wonderful and there is live music. A great stay, and I'd definitely stay there again with the discounted rate.	
Jul 21 2008 	great little hotel near Time Square	from a friendly check-in to a newly renovated room (spacious for NYC standards), free wireless access and a totally relaxed atmosphere - in my opinion they got it all right. Booking on the Kimpton website is easy and cancelling too, should your plans change. Because it was a bitterly cold weekend, I spent quite a bit of time in the hotel and enjoyed every minute of it.	
Jul 2 2008 	Good Boutique Hotel IF you get a decent rate and can find a quiet room	I booked a CAA rate of $279.00 a night for a two bedded room. I also joined the Kimpton In-touch program that got me free internet.The Hotel and staff are very good and the complimentary wine hour at 5pm in the lobby is a very nice treat especially as they serve decent wines. The room was very comfortable with a state of the art bathroom and Occitane toiletries which are very luxurious. The decor of the rooms is very in your face black and white and the furniture looks like it was designed by The Who's Acid Queen from Tommy. Not for all tastes. Other than the garbage trucks clanging away most of the night on the street below and wrecking our sleep because of the poor soundproofing in the room, our stay was a pleasant one, however I would only stay here again as a last resort.	
Jun 29 2008 	Location location location absolutley perfect.	My best friend and I love to travel and love to take very good care of ourselves when we do. The Muse was an absolutely, positively perfect fit for us. From the free coffee in the mornings, to the free wine in the evenings it was the ideal place to stay. The rooms were beautiful, spacious and quite, my best friend loved the fact that our room had a hallway. The artwork in each room was beautiful done. The large, spacious and well appointed bathrooms were a joy. With two women, sharing a bathroom it can get a little cramped but at The Muse this wasn’t even a consideration. The beds were large and comfortable with loads of pillows. The location between Broadway and 6th on 46th St. was perfect. We were here for the Theater and everything was in very, very easy walking distance. The small cozy bar in the hotel was a nice please to visit after an evening at the Theater to just relax and unwind. The temperature was in the 90s but the rooms a/c were easy to adjust and worked quietly and efficiently. This is a hotel I would not hesitate to recommend to anyone who wants the idea home base while in New York City. I will definitely return there on my next trip to The City.	
Jun 27 2008 	Comfortable and convenient	We have stayed in the Muse twice now. It is in a great location - near Time Square but down a fairly quiet side street.The bedroom, whilst not the largest, are incredibly comfortable. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful.If we go back to New York again we will probably return here.	
Jun 26 2008	A Great Hotel	The Muse was a wonderful place to stay in NYC. The location was great, the rooms were big, the bathrooms were spacious, and the staff was friendly. The coffee in the morning was a very welcome benefit, and they will store your bags free of charge if you have a late flight. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 18 2008 	The Muse was great!	The Muse Hotel was great! We didn't hear any of the noise that other reviewers spoke about - in fact our room was very quiet even being close to Times Square. The staff is great, especially the doorman Wilmer. You will love him if you get to meet him. The rooms are clean, the bathroom was big (we stayed in an executive king room on the 7th floor), and even the room was good sized. We will definitely stay here again in New York, the price is great for what you get.	
Jun 18 2008 	The Muse is a Must Do!	We stayed here over the weekend of June 6-9. This property surpassed our expectations. It was a hot weekend in New York - temperatures in the 90's daily. The room was a sanctuary - quiet - cool and comfortable. The air conditioner worked perfectly - quiet and easy to set digital temperature control.Beds were comfy - great sheets - many pillows - hard to leave in the morning. Since it was a weekend we did not hear any construction noises. We were on the 3rd floor - no real view but no street noise. The bathroom was huge with an ample supply of luxurious towels. Shower worked great - good water pressue and plenty of hot water. The rooms were spotless. The flat screen TV and IPOD dock nice touches. The staff was cordial and very helpful from check in to check out. The Wine hour from 5pm to 6pm was a real treat - and they have free coffee in the mornings. I usually stay at the Algonquin on my visits to New York - it was sold out for my dates so I took a chance on the Muse. Lucky me - I could not have made a better choice.Put this place on your must do list -you will not be disappointed!	
Jun 17 2008 	Great Hotel!	Great hotel, great location 1/2 block from Times Square. Small, 200-room mod &amp; chic hotel. Recently re-done, new carpet. Room was absolutely enormous for a NY hotel. Terrific bed &amp; pillows.Free wine happy hour every night from 5-7.WARNING: Be sure to ask for a quiet room. Our first room was outrageously noisy, staff were very nice about moving us.We are very big fans of Kimpton hotels (Muse is one) after having a terrific experience at the Serrano (another Kimpton) in San Francisco.Hotel restaurant was good too - but pricey.	
Jun 15 2008	Great hotel but be warned....	Kimpton hotels are excellent. Stayed in San Fran and now New York and upon picking up the phone, they greet the guest by saying Good Morning, how can we inspire you? The Muse is just off times square and centrally located. Staff are friendly and helpful and the hotel is modern and trendy. However...what the website fails to warm guests is that for the forseeable future, that behind the Muse is a derelict landsite that from early in the morning most days, loud construction is taking place and the guest is greeted by a wake up around 6.30/7am to loud drilling and construction work. When I asked to move to the front of the hotel, you are warned that since you are off times square, you should be aware of infrequent noises and cab horns during the night. So I chose the back as it was a good sound sleep until early morning. For most business clients, this should not be a problem as most of us are up that time of the morning anyway and for tourists during the weekend - the drilling I believe stops, but the problem exists if you are out late at night as its impossible to sleep in to the loud sounds of scraping and machinery that goes on all day nearby.Saying that , New York is a fun, busy and noisy city and located off times square, you are always subject to noise but for those who want a quieter time, this isn't the hotel for you!	
Jun 12 2008 	Great bed!!!	We stayed at the Muse from June 8-11. We were on the 19th floor and it was so hot in NYC (100oF). The room was fantastic. The bed has a feather pillow bed cover, down pillows, and 250 ct linens. The air conditioning was cold and controllable. There is a flat screen TV, free WI-FI for Kimpton members, and a fridge full of food (got to pay for the stuff) if you want it. The bathroom was clean with Occidental products. There is a fantastic make-up mirror too. The room was quiet except at 7 am when the garbage trucks and construction started. Lastly, we had a great view of Times Square, which could be blocked out with the shades and blinds. The hotel is in the theatre district and convenient to the Metro. The staff was great, arranged car services for us, etc. We would stay there again.	
Jun 5 2008	Finally!!!!	I am the guy that travels all over the world to many different cities and countries, and after all that travelling you get sick of Marriots and Hiltons, where the only lasting impression you get is that you are the same as everyone else...and this is the feeling i have had at every hotel in New York during my 18 or so previous visits, but i have to say I LOVED THIS HOTEL!from the moment i pulled up, i sat down, no rooms ready, no problems, have an upgradethe rooms were smart and sophisticatedthe beds were a dreamthe location was excellent for NYCthe prices reasonable(by NYC standards)the staff were courteous and consideratethe maids were greatthe room service was quickthe doormen were a real laugh with good insight into places to eat/visitit is the kind of place you could take your wife or girlfriend and lock yourself in a room for a weekend and have a wonderful breakwouldn't recommend for couples with kids, but i would for everyone elsewhat more could you want from a hotel?enjoy your stay	
Jun 3 2008 	A quieter Times Square Hotel	I travel quite frequently to New York on business and have never really found a hotel that offers exactly what I want. .To be fair I don't think I ever will. This time I thought I would try the Muse as its rates were pretty good.When I travel I look for quiet rooms, business facilities, a good location and helpful staff. This rather cute boutique hotel offers good value for money in an excellent location ( if you are looking to be right in the middle of a tourist area), In all seriousness it is a good hotel but be warned there are NO quiet rooms. I know many have said that you can request quiet facing rooms but they don't exist. Building work is on going nearby and this is noisy. There is also a constant background generator noise in this hotel which is distracting but you get used to it after a while. The rooms are pretty good, especially if you get one on a higher floor which I did. In terms of food, I ordered breakfast in my room which was the worst room service breakfast I have ever had in New York and it cost me $38.00. I found the doormen very helpful but the staff on reception were terrible, with the exception of one lovely lady who was on duty in the afternoon when I checked in. Having said all this, if you are visiting New York for the first time and want to be in a good location this hotel beats the competition in the area. Oh and for anyone travelling on business, this hotel has no business centre. There is an internet cafe nearby.	
May 27 2008 	Fantastic Hotel and Location	We just stayed over Memorial weekend. The Muse is a wonderful property 1/2 block from Times Square. I am glad the hotel didn't open onto the hustle and bustle, but a quaint, safe, sidestreet. Most theaters, shopping, Central Park, The Empire State Building, Rockefeller Center, Radio Center Music Hall were a quick, safe, walk. For farther sights, there was a subway station 1 block away. The staff was wonderful and the room looked just like the pictures online. Really a great Boutique hotel. I liked the smaller more personal feeling as opposed to the big mega hotels of Times Square. The free wine reception every evening was great! Also free coffee and tea in the a.m. downstairs also. I had booked a Deluxe King through the hotel itself, but mentioned it was our 18th anniversary. We were upgraded to an executive suite (wonderful) and had a plate of snacks and a mini bottle of champagne upon arrival. We had a parlour and a bedroom, each with its own climate control. The bed was the most comfortable I think I have ever slept in. Heaven! We had a good view. There was construction below our room, but they didn't work on the weekend, so it was only a little noisy Friday afternoon. That didn't bother us at all, as the room was so great and we were just dropping off stuff and getting ready to head out again. Just a note - the minibar has sensors, so if you open it and move something you may get charged. We had the charge removed without a problem, but if you don't need to, just leave the minibar closed. There are little cafes and shops that are nearby. They also arranged for tickets to a Broadway show for us. The TKTS is a good deal, but not all shows are there and you have to be willing to wait in line for 2 or more hours. We felt with our limited time in NY, we would rather pay more and not have to stand in line. Plan ahead if you don't want to wait or pay a premium price.Also, a great experience was the NY Waterways Yankee Clipper. It was a 2 hour harbor cruise each way to Yankee Stadium. At only $22 per person, it was well worth the price for the views and the ease of leaving the stadium! Fun, but chilly after dark so bring a jacket unless it is a steamy night!	
May 27 2008 	Run run far away!!!	I was so disappointed I couldn't let others have the same miserable stay, so I thought I would write my review. We booked this hotel through Priceline for a girl friend getaway. Priceline couldn't guarantee room type, so I called the hotel to see if we could get a room with two double beds. I was told that it wouldn't be a problem. Upon arriving front desk said he didn't have any doubles clean, could i come back in an hour? We came back in an hour and the same clerk informed us that they were sold out of doubles but he could give us a king suite with a fold out couch. (he lied to us on arrival???) Of course the King Suite was a nice room but the pull out bed is uncomfortable- as they all are. To top this off there is a major construction site going on BEHIND THE HOTEL. The reviews I read all suggested requesting a room in the back for peace and quiet. This is not an option!!! Construction starts bright and early at 6:30am. AAARGH!! The staff seemed genuinely concerned of our difficulties but couldn't do anything for us. Since we booked on Priceline we were stuck. We requested tickets from the concierge twice and both times had to call several times to confirm- would have been easier to have handled myself. To top it all off, the day before we left, housekeeping removed all of our newspapers. I know it sounds silly but we were saving the paper for the dates as a scrapbook souvenir. They were folded neatly on the desk- what housekeeper takes anything out of your room but what is in the trashcan??!!?? Again, informing the manager got us a shrug and an apology but no results. The only bright spot on our visit was Wilmore who helped us with our luggage and hailing cabs. What a sweet gentleman!	
May 26 2008 	Good Location fo Theater and Times Square visitors	I have stayed in a varity of larger hotels in the Times Square/Theater District over the past 6 or 7 years. I would categorize &quot;The Muse&quot; as a boutique hotel. The rooms and hallways were fresh and well cared for. Hotel staff was very courteous. The wine hour was a nice touch and my wife enjoyed it. On the negative side, the lobby is small and can get overcrowded during busy times. Likewise, it can be challenging to get in and out of the valet parking, but then again all NYC parking is difficult and expensive. The hotel is located on 46th street about 1/2 block from Times Square and the street is pretty dingy. Then again, the entire Times Square area is pretty dingy.In the future, I will stay in Northern mid-town and be closer to the south-end of Central Park. Times Square hotels are convenient for theater goers, but I think it is not a true representation of what NYC/Manhattan has to offer.	
May 13 2008 	A great hotel	This hotel is well decorated, the beds are extremely comfortable, the staff are friendly and the location is perfect - right around the corner from Times Square. I highly recommend it. It's quirky enough not to be another bland hotel but also convenient and quiet.	
May 2 2008	Great Beds 	My husband and I stayed 3 nights in an Executive King on the 18th floor. I booked direct through the hotel's website and was glad to see they accommodated my preferences. Since we were higher up, nearby construction noise was not an issue. I enjoyed the seated style check-in and friendly atmosphere of this boutique style hotel. Great location - close to the Broadway shows and Times Square. The hotel provided us with maps and good directions for utilizing the subway which was a breeze to get to destinations further away like the business district and Battery Park. During our stay the hotel substituted a dessert hour for their regular wine reception due to something with their liquor license and serving in the lobby. This was a nice touch but would have been better if they offered coffee/tea/milk to go along with the sweets instead of water/soda. The tv reception in our room was poor but there was a note indicating that it was being updated. This was not a problem since television was not a priority for us.Overall, a great location and clean hotel that offered excellent comfort (beds are the best!) and a memorable experience.	
Apr 23 2008	Great Hotel	I have stayed in a lot of Hotels and this one is great.The beds are heavenly. The rooms have been recently renovated.This boutique hotel is only half a block from Times square, and centrally located to everything in Manhattan. The beds are so comfortable that you don't want to wake up in the morning.I have only 3 issues..the rooms are a bit small, however this is only very minor. Also, I think there should be coffee or tea or some kind of beverage offered in the lobby 24hrs as the drink breakfast is only from 7-9am . Lastly, I think for the price that we pay for the rooms WIFI should be included.The above issues are very minor and this was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in.	
Apr 17 2008	Busy location	I had a pleasant stay at the Muse Hotel. The hotel is very well located if you’re going to a Broadway theater or for shopping. It's about half a block for Seventh Avenue and Time Square. It’s a block and a half from Fifth Avenue’s high end shopping district and about a block from Radio City Music Hall. It is not a quiet neighborhood. Time Square and its wall-to-wall crowds 24/7 are right there. Generally, I prefer a quieter setting.The room was modern and very comfortable. It had recently been updated. Located on the 15th floor, it had a nice balcony, but there is not much to see. The bath was fine though the tub had a very slow drain.	
Apr 13 2008 	What a Great Place 	My wife and I, along with the two kids (16 &amp; 13), just returned from a M-F stay in NYC at the Muse. We were very happy with everything from the second we walked in until the moment we left when they helped us with a cab ride to Newark. Melissa, at the front desk, spent a lot of time helping us with dinner plans and directions. What a sweet person! The room as great too. Plenty of towels, very cozy beds, etc. The location is great . We could see Broadway from our window (about a 1/2 block away). If I end up in NY again, I'll be making reservations at the Muse! Thanks for a great stay! Stan &amp; Kim	
Mar 31 2008 	Brilliant experience and wonderful staff.	After a warm greeting from Willie, the baritone-voiced doorman, we walked in to the beautiful swirls and artwork on the ceiling of the lobby. The lush curtains and chase lounge chairs add to warmth and charm of this not so tiny boutique hotel in the heart of bustling Manhatten. We were then welcomed by one of the lovely front desk personnel who quickly pull up our reservation, processed our keys, and paperwork....all while sitting in the warm red velvet chairs. Our 15th floor balcony room was gorgeous and very spacious for NYC. Black contrasting with white decor exuded the feeling of elegance. The bathroom was like that of a Roman Bath House. We had a gargantuan spa bathtub for two that would sooth away any traveler's worries. The duel head shower was a first for us in any hotel. At a half block from the heart of Times Square, this charming hotel is a must for any traveler looking for chic sophistication, value and great service. I would recommend this lovely hotel to anyone.	
Mar 19 2008 	Not up to par....	I stayed at this hotel a few years ago when it was brand new. The location is excellent for a Broadway Theater trip. We decided to give it another try as our first experience was wonderful. Since opening, the hotel has been acquired by the Kimpton Hotel group and undergone a total renovation. Arrived at midnight after a long day of travel. Was shown to a beautifully remodeled room (an executive suite). All was well until 6:30am when we awoke to the most horrific construction noise I have ever encountered. After an hour of trying to sleep thru it we gave up. I called the front desk to request a new room. A room just like we were in but on a different side of the hotel away from the construction would perhaps be available later in the day. However a room considered a step above the one we were in was offered. I was taken to this room. Tho it was still on the same side as the construction, it was many floors higher and the noise was considereably muffled. The problem was, tho all rooms in the hotel are now non-smoking, this one reeked of cigarette odor. The concierge couldn't smell it but promised an ionizer. After some consideration i agreed as there was no guarantee that the other room offered would be less noisy than the first. Returning to my room after a day of shopping and dinner, I could tell no difference in the odor. Another irritation....the onsite restaurant is one of our favorites in the city. One evening of our visit we made dinner reservations. Upon arriving for dinner, we were taken to a basement conference room that had been set up for dining. Apparantly they were in the midst of a liquor licensing issue and could not serve in the restaurant. The banquet room seating was TINY.,...bistro type tables, tiny uncomfortable chairs. After perusing the menu for a moment, we realized we were upset that no mention of the alternative dining arrangements had been made at the time of reservation and we were uncomfortable and unhappy. So we chose to leave.Additionally....one day of our visit was a rainy one. There was ONE umbrella in the room. Upon departing for the day we requested a second from the front desk. We were told they were all given out and that we should purchase one after leaving the hotel...&quot;it could be our NYCity souvenir&quot;! ...not the answer i was looking for. So we stepped outside, two of us, under our one umbrella. We needed a cab and asked the doorman if he could hail one. His response was that we'd be better off walking to the corner of 6th and 46th as there was already a gentleman ahead of us and we'd just have better luck up there. In closing....i doubt we'll give this a third shot. I had considered the Westin Times Square and as well The Michelangelo. I believe we would have gotten better service at either of these locations. We visit NYCity at least twice a year. We usually stay at a Ritz property but thought we'd try something a little closer to the theater district this time. Bad choice !!!	
Mar 19 2008 	A Gem! Can't Say Enough!	I'm picky, and this hotel was fabulous. For the price, service, ameneties and location you can't go wrong. Booked this at lastminutetravel.com (formerly site 59) as a last minute romantic getaway from DC w/out our kids. For 900 bucks I got round trip shuttle service from DC on good flights and two nights at the Muse. Was a little nervous since we usually stay at Ritz Carlton, Four Seasons, Waldorf Astoria, you get the idea. Well . . . . the renovated rooms look exactly like the website and have new comfy beds, flat screen tvs, ipod docs, etc. Bathroom is typical marble similar to other high end hotels -- L'occitane toilettries. Rooms are very big for NYC -- nicer than Waldorf and others. Staff is very top notch, service oriented. Now, they have recently had some sort of liquor license problem which restricted liquor to the very back bar (instead of the lobby and restaurant -- I heard it was an issue with the distance from the church across the street). NOW, instead of just saying happy hour is now in the back bar for one hour they give you 4 coupons per room for wine good from 4 until 11. They were so apologetic that we couldn't drink in the lobby that they'd give anyone extra coupons who asked. It was silly. The wine was $12 + dollars a glass and they poured generously. Location says &quot;theatre district&quot; but 5th ave is just a short stroll -- we walked everywhere w/ the exception of the upper east side and the airport. Cannot say enough about this place -- okay no pool, small exercise facility -- and yes, a bit of construction in the back of the hotel which we never heard since we requested a front room --- What a deal. As a former reviewer said --- Start Spreading the Muse! I cannot wait to go back and my husband is now, two days later, staying in a sister Kimpton hotel for business. We are converts.	
Mar 7 2008 	Great hotel	Great hotel, great location and excellent, helpful staff. Clean, well-appointed rooms with good sized bathroom. Complimentary wine reception each evening between 5 and 6. Would definitely stay again and recommend to anyone. Try Continental.com for good rates.	
Feb 26 2008	Be AMused	Having stayed at the argonaut in SF, We decided to try the Muse with our teenage daughter for English half term in feburary. Absolutely brilliant, yes a bit of noise from construction outside - nothing to be concerned out though,but the muse is a faultless small cosy hotel right in the Heart of New York.Modernised spacious rooms and the Wine reception in the eve is a nice touch. If you shop around you can get a deal on it £150 /night and is exceptional value.	
Feb 24 2008 	Great Service	Just returned from a Theater mini-trip to New York. We will return to this boutique hotel, because of the service, which was terrific from check-in to check-out. Aubrey, the concierge was outstanding, and her recommendations were simply great. The rooms are a bit on the small side, but are nicely appointed and the gym, had top-of-the line Life Fitness machines, and was equally well-appointed.	
Feb 22 2008 	Newly renovated 'It's safe to go back'	My travel companion and I had begun staying at The Muse when it opened. Over the years, the rooms and hallways had become drab and worn so we found other accomodations in NYC. After reading that they had renovated the rooms, I decided to give it another try. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the renovation. My guest room was bright, cheery and fairly elegant. The decor is somewhat neo-classic and modern. The only drawback for TV watchers (I am not one) was the lack of HD on the flat screen TV's. They have a note in the room that indicates they are working on getting HD into the rooms. Also, I did notice construction noise while I was dining in the restaurant in the morning but did not hear any construction noise while I was in my room. There are 2 banks of elevators in the hotel so the rooms are separated in two different areas. I stayed in one of the smaller rooms (queen bed) so you may want to check the room layouts prior to booking. There is a bar and an adjoining restaurant and the hotel is conveniently located in the Times Square area and the price seemed fair when compared to other hotels in the area.	
Feb 22 2008 	Beautifully Renovated Rooms	I have been a loyal patron of the Muse through its ups and downs, and I have to say the hotel has never looked better or been better managed. I was greeted with warmth and recognition at check-in and as a Kimpton loyalty member, upgraded at no charge to one of the beautiful, newly renovated rooms on the 16th floor.Sparkling clean, handsomely furnished, with thoughtful amenities -- including an Ipod docking station. Very impressive! Had a delicious lunch at District which was especially nice, since I was very pressed for time. Enjoyed cocktails in the Mini-Bar each evening -- the perfect martini every time, and a very good selection of wines-by-the-glass. Bellmen were super friendly and helpful, checkout was speedy and efficient. I look forward to returning again next month!	
Feb 19 2008	Muse Hotel	Just returned from NYC where we stayed at The Muse. The room was comfortably large. Very nicely appointed. TV system not up to par but is currently being upgraded to HD so hopefully that will be rectified soon. Very convienient to all theaters and Times Square. Much more peaceful than our last stay at the Marriott on Times Square. The District is their dining facility and is quite good for breakfast but pricey. A better bet a few blocks away is The Red Flame. A fantastic Italian place called DaTommaso on 8th Ave is not to be missed for reasonably priced food. DJ , Atlanta	
Feb 18 2008 	Start Spreading the Muse...	We stayed at the Muse a few weeks ago (Feb 08). It was a fantastic experience. The staff was great, the room was spacious (by NY standards) and the bed was very, very comfortable. You cannot beat the location of the hotel - a half block from Times Square and right in the middle of everthing. The price was reasonable (again, by NY standards) and we would return tomorrow if we could.	
Feb 15 2008	Most comfortable bed ever!	I'm not 100% sure when we stayed here, I'm guessing when, but it was a few years ago. The room was really small, but lovely, and the bed was just amazing. Best sleep ever. The hotel itself is very nicely done out, bar is tiny but fun, good food, and though it's a bit pretentious it was a great experience.	
Feb 6 2008	beware of the construction noise	I stayed at this hotel recently after reading the positive reviews. Unfortunately, when I booked it, I was not given notice of the construction on the street that was ongoing on one side of the hotel. The noise was terrible, starting early in the a.m and ending at approx 5. When I asked the front desk about why I was not advised of it, the person there truly did not seem to care and said all guests on that side of the hotel need to deal with it - not just me. She said the hotel was fully booked that night and she could not move my room. Notwithstanding I advised that I was never advised of the noise in advance, she said she could do nothing for me - that's it. When I continued to ask about why I did not receive notice in advance so that I can decide on my own whether to stay at another hotel given the noise, she advised she would speak to the manager. Again, unfortunately, nobody got back to me. I did not follow up because, at that point, I decided that the lack of any concern on the part of that individual would lead me to not stay there again. While the rooms are nice and clean, and the other staff, including the bellboys were quite helpful, her complete lack of concern was really off putting. I will try another hotel next time.	
Feb 5 2008 	Professional staff at a luxury hotel	The Muse is an excellent choice of hotels in the Times square area. A block from the square and very comfortable and elegant. The staff was exceptionally welcoming and professional. I would stay at this hotel again. Nothing negative about the experinece at all.	
Jan 29 2008	love it the bed is very cozy.	the hotel is excellent the new renovation is incredible the room look fantastic . The bed is very comfortable . I like the location of the hotel is very convenience to get around. my room was very clean the hotel staff is very friendly my housekeeper was very polite and caring she told me her name was Giovanna she did a very good job folding my clothes and organizing my shoes that i had pile up on the floor . I am glad that i stay at the muse hotel. thank you	
Jan 24 2008 	Fantastic find - great location	Great little boutique hotel. Room was large, clean and very comfortable. Hotel is a 2 minute walk from Time Square. Staff were friendly - nothing too much trouble. Can thouroughly recommend this hotel. Will stay here again.	
Jan 17 2008 	Pretty good experience at the Muse...	Had a good stay at the muse on 1/11-1/14/08. Wasn't blown away by the hotel/room itself, but very friendly and helpful staff and awesome location if you want to be in the time square area. The biggest positive was that they allowed us to check in at 10:30AM. We were very impressed by that. The biggest negative was a noisy ac/heating system and some very loud construction (I believe it was jackhammering) being done close by. We stayed on the 6th floor, so the construction noise may not be as bad on the higher floors. That would be my one suggestion - ask for a higher floor and hope that dulls the construction noise. Other than that, an overall good experience.	
Jan 7 2008 	Great Stay	We stayed at the Muse on January 4th and 5th. This was our second stay. We booked the Muse at the last minute due to a reservation dispute with another NYC Hotel. We had a very positive experience at the Muse. The hotel is centrally located. The staff is very accommodating. Rooms are clean and well furnished. The daily wine reception is a nice touch. Several interesting restaurants and pubs are within easy walking distance as are the theaters in Times Square. Our only complaint was that the heating system did not appear to be functioning properly and our rooms became quite warm. This, however, was a minor inconvenience. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 7 2008	Excellent hotel central and elegant. A bit expensive though.	The hotel is excellent. Location is fantastic (just off Times Square).Rooms are large and elegant and beds are very comfortable. The atmosphere is very cozy, the hotel has definitely great charme also because it is not a very large one. Service is impeccable. Pity that rates are so high!	
Jan 5 2008 	Location Location and Comfort!! Loved the Muse	I stayed with my parents at the Muse Hotel in NYC from Dec. 31-Jan. 3rd. We arrived around 10:00 A.M. and the room was not ready. They tried to give us a room at that time but didn't have anything available, so we left our luggage and left to the Metropolitan Museum. We got back around 2:00 P.M. and the room was ready (check in is at 3:00 P.M.). The Closing of the streets was affecting the access to the hotel after 4:00 P.M. on Dec. 31st but it was very well organized by the hotel. We had no problem moving through Times Square with the room key and a letter from the hotel. We stayed in a remodeled room with 2 beds (they are full size) and the room was fairly ample. Flat screen tv, mini bar, daily newspaper, robes, cordless phone, i-pod port...everything we needed for a great stay in the city. Check in was smooth and the hotel people were very friendly at all times. As other reviews mentioned, there's a wine reception in the afternoon at the hotel lobby, which was very nice. Didn't get to eat at The District restaurant so cannot comment on it. We were charged for some items from the mini bar that we did not consume but I addressed the situation to the front desk and they didn't ask any questions and removed the charges. The location is one of the best things about The Muse! It is closed to everything but on a street that is not noisy at all. Also, you get the personalized attention from a boutique hotel that is not found on a bigger chain hotel. I will definitely stay at The Muse again and again!!	
Jan 1 2008	New Years Eve-Hotel was a better experience then Times Square!	We stayed for 3 nights, checking out on New Years Day. Location was terrific for the whole Times Square New Years Eve. Though the Times Square experience for New Years Eve was horrible, the hotel was great. They gave us passes so we could easily get through the barricaded street back to our hotel. The hotel was clean, comfortable and great location. The beds....phenomenal! TV was bad, very bad, which they explained was because the HDTV rennovation had not yet been completed. But that was ok , we didnt come do NY to watch TV! Just something you may want to ask about before you arrive. We stayed as a couple, but kids wouldve done great here too. By the way, unless you think youd be able to stand still, upright, wedged on all sides by coughing, cussing and sneezing people for 8 or 9 hours in freezing cold weather, take my advice and stay in front of a TV for the ball drop at times square!!	
Dec 27 2007	Great service room and location	Loved my stay at the Muse. The staff was incredible. From the moment I arrived, the doorman called me by my name after seeing my luggage tag, to accomodating me with a pretty late check out. The room was great and the location was perfect. I will definitely stay here again.	
Dec 10 2007 	Great Location Good Hotel Nice touches	Stayed here over New Year 2006 / 2007. Excellent location, adjacent to Tiems Square and very reasonably priced for the time of year i felt. They handled the street closures very well (for New Years Eve the street its on is one of the access streets to times square) and it really wasnt an issue. Rooms are comfortable and spacious for by New York Standards. Have been to New York a few times now and woudl definately stay here again. Staff were friendly and helpful and the qine receptions each evening were a nice touch after a days walking around new york.	
Nov 25 2007 	Very nice stay and SPACIOUS room!	I checked into The Muse on the 23rd Nov for a two-night stay. We were a party of four (two adults and two teenagers). Overall, it was a very nice stay. The Muse is a very good hotel, true to its Kimpton connection. I would not hestitate to return.The room we had is categorized as a Double Double Premium. It's very spacious, and not just by NYC standards. It's room XX12.Not only is the room spacious, it's also very nicely decorated -- their $15 million renovation was well-spent. Beds are very comfortable. Large flatscreen TV on the wall. Good sound insulation (except from some street noise, which cannot be avoided here in NYC). XX12 faces the back, so it's not right on 46 Street and we had less street noise. Still, this IS Manhattan. Also, there seems to be some construction going on around the hotel, and we'd hear loud banging noises (like a dump truck unloading or something) even into the wee hours of the morning. Have no idea what it was. But it really wasn't a big deal.Good closet space in the room. Lots of lighting. A/C works just fine and is pretty quiet. Bathroom is very large and marble tiles and floor. L'occitane toiletries.There's a relatively large digital safe in the room (though not quite large enough for my laptop). I usually chain down my laptop in a hotel room, but there really isn't place at the desk to do so. So I chained it to the chair...There's WIFI and wired as well. It's free for Kimpton InTouch members. Otherwise I think it's 10?Despite the description on the website, there is NO in-room coffee. No coffee maker can be found.Surprisingly, there is only 1 telephone in the room, and it's by the bed and not the desk. And it's corded. So if you're expecting to make lots of line calls, this can be an issue.CD player in the room description is NOT really a CD player. It's an MP3 docking station.L'Occitance toiletries are fine, but I was surprised that there's no bath gel, and not even mouthwash.The fridge in the room is one of those with an electronic sensor. Touch anything and you get charged. So if you're planning to put anything in it, you may wish to contact the Front Desk first.Over the 2 nights we were here, I don't think there's turndown service (which is fine for us, but very surprising).The directions on the hotel website is WRONG. The hotel is on the SOUTH side of W46 Street. Not the north side as listed on the website. Anyway, when we arrived, there was no doorman to be found outside the hotel. And lots of traffic. I stopped the car in front of the hotel, but there was a whole line of cars behind me honking away. What a symphony. I asked my wife to go inside the hotel to get someone, and that took at least 5 minutes before someone came out to valet the car for us. I don't mean this as a negative of their service, but as a note to fellow travelers that parking is a bit of a hassle. Found this 24-hour covered garage about 100 feet away, BEFORE the hotel, also on the south side of W46 Street. For 24 hours, it's $10 less than the $43 that the Muse charges for valet. So, I think I'll do that next time, just to save me the trouble of being stuck in front of the hotel.We arrived shortly after 2. Had emailed ahead of time asking for early check-in, and also noted that they still had double double premium rooms available. So I figured arrival at 2 would be safe. BUT no. We were made to wait at the lobbly and cool our jets. We were told XX12 is a much better room than others available, and that's why they wanted us to wait for it. I have no way to ascertain the validity of their claim. True, XX12 is a nice room. And true, we did get in when 3 pm came around. But I was also rather annoyed that all the communication I had with them prior to arrival seemed to mean nothing....No welcoming amenity that I could see when I went into the room -- unlike my other Kimpton experiences. Though later that evening a box of Godiva biscuits was delivered with a nice little hand-written note of welcome.Unlike my other Kimpton experiences, I have the feeling that at the Muse, the management team doesn't really want you to have easy access to contacting them by email. The only email address publicly available is that of the concierge.During our stay, all the staff we encountered, especially the bell staff, were very pleasant.The hotel is very nicely located. It's close to but not right in Times Square. Lots of nice restaurants around, and given that we're in the Theatre District (pretty quiet these days, with the strike), lots of nice pre-theatre fixed price dinner specials.I think The Muse is a very nice hotel. If I find a decent price (say around 300 or less) it would be a very good deal.	
Oct 22 2007 	An excellent hotel with a few exceptions	There is no question that there is a commitment to service at this property. The front desk staff is eager to see that you have a pleasant stay. Everyone from check in to bellman was gracious.Our standard king room was recently renovated. The room seemed on the small side, but after reading other reviews about &quot;large&quot; rooms, perhaps ours was the exception. The bed was as comfortable as every one else has written about. The bathroom well lit and excellent shower pressure. The 42&quot; flat screen TV is a nice effort, but really a waste since the cable is not hi-def,so the picture is distorted and grainey. The air conditioning unit is noisy, so beware if you are a light sleeper.What about location? Everyone has a strong opinion about this. As a veteran NY visitor of 40 + visits, we thought we'd try a Times Sq location. Yes, the hotel it is very convenient to shows! And yes, the street in front of the hotel can become very dirty by the end of the night. Everyone sees things differently. 20 somethings will probably love the non stop crowds . 40 and 50 somethings may wish they stayed a few blocks away.	
Oct 22 2007 	A Posh Haven in the Chaos of Times Square	I recently visited NYC for a conference, and the conference hotel was the Marriott Marquis. Lucky for me, that hotel was all booked, and I ended up at the Muse.Of course, all Times Square hotels are pricey, so that's not worth talking about too much. The conference rate was under $300/night, and I'm guessing that's a pretty good price for the area.The Muse is a boutique hotel, and some of the rooms have been recently redone. They put me in one of the upper floors, in one of the revamped rooms. Funky decor, nice bathroom. Comfortable bed. Plush robes. L'Occitane toiletries. Flat panel tv. They even have one of those things for your iPod, so you can listen to it via speakers.Wine in the afternoon, coffee in the morning. Great service. Walking distance to everything in Times Square. Comfy loungy chairs in the lobby. I always felt relaxed when I got back to the Muse after my conference sessions.Thumbs up!	
Oct 18 2007	Expensive but Fabulous!	I recently stayed at the Muse Hotel on a business trip. The rooms are quite funky with very modern furniture and artwork. The bathroom was spacious and well appointed. The bed was extremely comfortable. The location is great - within walking distance of Times Square, Broadway theaters and Central Park. The room was pretty quiet, a fairly rare occurance in the City. The Muse was extremely expensive, even by NYC City standards (over $500 per night with tax) and you have to pay for WI-FI. Not sure I would stay again if I was paying out of my own pocket unless I was trying to impress someone. I would definitely stay again for business (as long as my boss does not look too closely at my expense report).	
Sep 13 2007 	Sensational	Hotels around the world may have forgotten the basis of a good stay . . . . a comfortable bed. The Muse has wonderful, comfortable, luxurious beds. A perfect night's sleep in the Big Apple makes this THE place to stay.We stayed visited New York to celebrate a 40th birthday and we could not have chosen better.Friendly staff. Elegant hotel. Wonderful night's sleep. Fantastic location.Would recommend highly.	
Sep 6 2007 	Loved the Muse!	We arrived at The Muse at approximately 1:00 pm, knowing that we were arriving prior to check-in time at 3:00 pm. The front desk checked us in, then advised that a room would be available at 3. We left our bags and explored the city for a while. When we returned at 3:00, the staff advised that our room was not yet ready, then called the housekeeping person to request that they rush the inspection. Finally, at 3:45 we were given our room keys and were allowed to enter our room. The room was a renovated one, which was absolutely beautiful. I was very impressed, as the hotel website doesn't show these rooms yet, so I was expecting it to look like the pictures on the website. The king size bed was so comfortable, I contemplated just staying in bed all week! And the flat screen tv was also nice. We noticed the 4 am garbage trucks the first 2 days (we were on the 11th floor), but I must have gotten used to them after that because I didn't notice them for the rest of our stay. The staff was very friendly, they sent up a Godiva chocolate bar and bottle of Fiji water on the first day, with a note which was a very nice touch. The bellmen were especially nice and extremely helpful, one in particular would open the door for us on our way out each day and hailed a cab for us when needed. The lobby is beautiful, we attended the evening wine reception one night and that was nice as well. Also, they do offer the coffee and tea reception each morning from 6:30-9:00am, which is very basic but nice. The only problem we had during our stay was due to the renovations, one of the elevators was out of order, and for one day, two of the elevators were not working. So that caused a little delay, but didn't really affect us that much. All in all, we really enjoyed our stay at The Muse and would stay here again if we could get a good price. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a boutique hotel experience close to Times Square and the Theatre District.	
Aug 28 2007 	Some problems	I stayed here from 8/24-27 and overall it was okay. There was no mention on their website about the fact that the hotel's undergoing renovations right now for over 60 of their rooms. This made the check-in process difficult, as we came in on a redeye that arrived early. We understand that check-in's at 3pm, but people were literally waiting in the lobby at 2:30 for the stroke of 3pm to get into their rooms. The front desk was generally friendly, but there was one blonde, ponytailed woman who kept telling people that we shouldn't expect to get in before 3pm because &quot;check-in's at 3pm&quot; and &quot;we are renovating 60 plus rooms&quot;. She said it in a way that was condescending and showed that she was clearly annoyed with us for even asking. Honestly, I don't care that the renovations are affecting her life--especially since I didn't get a renovated room anyway. We just want to be treated with respect as paying customers. That didn't start our stay in the right way and we felt like we may have been treated badly because we got the room on Hotwire. We saw a couple come in before 3 and their room was ready before 3pm, so we figured that they were being treated better because they had a better class of room. When we did check-in, the people next to us got a renovated room, but we didn't, so I suppose we should have asked for one too. We were also greeted by a lot of full, diry dumpsters on the sidewalk that was also a result of the room renovation. Otherwise, the staff besides that front desk woman were great and helpful, like the bellmen. Rooms are clean. The location is also annoying to take cabs to because the Times Square pedestrian traffic is always in the way. Next time I go to NYC, I won't stay here.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great Hotel	We stayed here during my birthday trip to NYC. The idea was to stay someplace centrally located to Times Square, which it definitely is centrally located. The concierge and doorman were both very professional and the lobby was cozy especially during the afternoon happy hour : )If you are a theatre fan, Broadway is only a few blocks away. We opted to see Phantom of the Opera which was in walking distance. Juniors was right around the corner from where Phantom of the Opera was playing. So, after the theatre, you can stop in for their famous cheesecake. I wasn't too impressed with the workout facilities, but I don't think that many people actually workout when they are on vacation. I guess I'm in the minority. : )	
Aug 24 2007 	Elegance and location	We stayed at The Muse for 4 nights and chose it because we were intrigued by the location, which is just 1/2 block from Times Square, but is located on 46th Street, on one of the quieter streets in the area. We went to 2 Broadway shows during our stay, and were able to walk to meals locally (db Bistro Moderne, Daniel Boulud's lower priced restaurant)and to the shows very conveniently. You could be in the hustle and bustle of Times Square and then slip around a corner and feel peaceful. Thanks to reading previous Trip Advisor comments, we asked the hotel for a high floor, &quot;quiet&quot; room, and were given a beautifully renovated room with Kimpton Hotel style and panache. The friendly and helpful bellman, who called us by name throughout our stay, said we were the first to have it! He said they were renovating two floors at a time, so request a refurbished room. Although the room was not large, it was ample for 2 adults and had a comfy king sized bed, and a small, but elegant bath. The maid service was superior, as the room was perfectly cleaned and serviced each day. We loved the small, boutique feel to the lobby and the fact that there were only a small number of rooms on each floor.When we saw some of the huge hotels nearby that we almost picked, we were happy with our choice!The doormen were very helpful in getting us a cab to go to our next stay, at one of New York's most acclaimed hotels, where we finished out the week. I can honestly say I missed some of the ambience of the Muse after we left! We loved The Muse!	
Aug 20 2007 	Nice Central Location	I recently returned from a 2 night stay at The Muse. This was my first time staying at this hotel ( I usually stay at the Omni Berkshire). The hotel is located on 46th St between 6th &amp; 7th Avenues, which is close to the subway, Times Square and Rockefeller Center; it enjoys a location that is very convenient to many things. However, with this proximity to Times Square comes more street noise than I have experienced when staying on the East side at the Omni. My room on the 7th floor #705 faced 46th street and there was lots of people cackling/laughing late into the night (3am). My second night it didn't bother me because I was acclimated to it and was able to ignore it.Check in was fast, friendly and efficient. I had an executive king room which was smaller than the rooms I've had at the Omni in the same price point, but being just one person, this was not a problem or a complaint, just an observation.The bathroom had adequate space as well and had a useful layout, where the toilet did not interfere with closing the door or with the tub, as can be a problem in hotels sometimes.One thing I found odd about the room, is that you really can't see out the window without standing on a chair. The windows are set back in a 2 foot wide ledge which is about 5 feet high, so you really can't see down into the street unless you drag over a chair and stand on it; you are really just looking upward.The room was well maintained and very clean. The furniture was all in very good condition. It appears that the hotel may be in the process of redoing some of the rooms, as there was a furniture delivery truck delivering mattresses and other items.Each evening from 5-6pm they have a wine reception in the lobby. I did not take advantage of this amenity, but saw them setting it up one night. I believe they also said that complimentary coffe and tea is available from 8-10am each morning near the restaurant. I enjoyed my stay at the Muse and will consider it for a future stay-- especially if I go to the theater, as it was extremely convenient walking back afterward.	
Aug 16 2007	Reception Staff Unprofessional-Not Worth The Money	When we arrived 3 staff members were assisting one guest. I overheard some discussion of computer problems. After standing at the desk for almost 10 minutes I finally sat down, literally in front of one of them and didn't even get so much as a glance my way. My husband and I as well as several other waiting guests, were never even given the courtesy of an acknowledgement. It was a sweltering hot day outside, clearly everyone who arrived was weary from their traveling, at the very least, they should have taken everyone's last name and recommended we relax in the lounge until they could assist us. The room was smaller than expected although it was spotlessly clean and comfortable. The bathroom had a great shower and all the amenities advertised on the website were there. I recommend asking for a room which doesn't face the street, the garbage trucks began arriving around 4am and being on the 4th floor made it impossible to get back to sleep. Overall, I felt the hotel was way overpriced for what we got, I'm sorry we didn't book the hotel we normally stay at-The Marriott Marquis.	
Aug 11 2007 	Beautiful Hotel	This was a beautiful hotel, The balcony was like a deck, just absolutely BEAUTIFUL. Good location. Very pricey, but worth it if you want to pamper yourself. Bedding was exceptional, bathroom/products were spa quality. the staff a little up tight. But definately the nicest hotel I have stayed in in NYC. You should stay here at least once.	
Jul 31 2007	Great Stay at the Muse	Just back from the Muse from a 3 night stay. We were in a newly renovated room and didn't have any problems (such as rodents) as the poster mentioned below. I don't know how the rooms looked before, but there is a bust on the table, dark black furniture, chaise and large plasma tv in the renovated rooms. I found the hotel front desk staff to be friendly and professional for the duration of our stay. The manager sent up a complimentary cheese plate &amp; bottled water on the first night with a note, then fruit &amp; water for the other nights. There is wine in the evening and coffee/tea in the morning. I never got up early enough for tea though. I didn't have any problems with the bellman and in fact, they flagged a taxi for me on the last day of our stay. My only negative would be that the elevators &amp; hallways were a bit hot, that's about it. We didn't use room service or the mini bar, but we never do as both are always super expensive no matter what hotel (IMO).I would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 30 2007 	Not Worth the Money!	The first thing is that dogs are allowed in this hotel which would be fine if they were only allowed in certain rooms. When I arrived my room had dog hair on the floor and a dog barking in the next room. I complained 2 times to the staff and they kept telling me that they would contact the dogs owners. The dog continued barking all night till the owners returned home. THe barking stated again at 7 am. We were not offered a different room.The room was ok - not horrible, not great. The location is good for all theatres. The restuarant next door (District) was pricey and not at all worth it.. Plenty of local restuarants have pre-theatre price fix dinners that are alot better and cheaper. There are better hotels in the area for the same price.	
Jul 27 2007 	Disappointment	The Muse was a big disappointment. RODENTS! There was a mouse in my room on my first night!!! Since it was after midnight, I had taken a sleeping pill, and had a huge exam the next morning, I chose not to make a huge fuss and simply moved my trash can (where it had gone into a plastic bag with food inside) into the hallway. When I got back to the hotel the next evening I told the front desk. Barely apologetic, they moved me to a different room, which was smaller, and nonsmoking (though I had originally booked a smoking room). No discount, no upgrade! Exhausted and in no mood to switch rooms again or put up a fight, I resigned myself to posting this review. OTHER PROBLEMS My phone line was blocked in my first room and I could not receive incoming calls. They sent an engineer to my room, who then told me it was an issue at the front desk. The front desk then called up-- turns out they'd had my phone line closed the whole time.No slippers were provided -- I had to call twice before any were brought to my room.The exercise bike in my first room had a broken monitor. My first night, the featherbed had tons of little feathers that poked through the (worn) sheets. The bed the second night was better.SERVICE: Aside from the problems listed above, the service was just OK. No doorman to help flag taxis. There was one woman who was very friendly but the rest of the staff seemed aloof and reluctant to help. I am still shocked at how poorly they handled the mouse situation. DESIGN: Though the rooms were large by NYC standards, the hotel simply isn't worth it. The aesthetic was also just OK -- the rooms were very dark and the furniture was just passable. This is a midrange &quot;boutique&quot; hotel. Nothing special in terms of design. 'FOOD: The $30 roomservice American breakfast was also underwhelming. Though my eggs were cooked perfectly, the potatoes were terrible. The room service menu overall is limited and I chose to order delivery from a local restaurant off of menupages.com instead. BETTER PLACES TO STAY FOR SIMILAR PRICES: I recommend the Hudson which has similar rates and is not too much further uptown. Though the rooms there are tiny, they are clean, and well designed. I've stayed there several times and have never had a problem and always enjoyed my stay. If a big room and King size bed is important to you, try the Benjamin. More expensive, but it is everything the Muse wishes it could be!	
Jul 26 2007	Great hotel experience	We just got back from our visit to NYC. We were somewhat hesitant about staying at The Muse after reading some of the reviews. Our stay was wonderful! The staff was incredibly attentive, friendly, and helpful. The complimentary wine was a nice bonus. Our room was clean and newly remodeled. We plan on staying with The Muse on our next trip!	
Jul 23 2007 	Perfect place to stay	Muse Hotel, New York. Perfectly located within 2 minute walk of Times Square. Staff extremely pleasant and helpful. Room was very large and well furnished. My partner was particularly impressed by the L'Occitaine toileteries. I would definately stay there again,when next i go to New York.	
Jul 20 2007 	Great room at a great price	The Muse was a beautiful botique hotel in the heart of Times Sqaure and the Theater district. I was surprised at how large the room was. Many of the NYC hotels I've stayed at in the past, had rooms the size of a closet and no room to move around. This was not the case with The Muse. The room was also nicely decorated and with many in-room ammenities. I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Jul 16 2007 	Nice hotel and great location	I agree with Xeena from Vermont's posting on many issues. I paid $200.00 per night on Priceline. I have stayed at the NY Hilton and Barclay Intercontinental in the past. These were all through Priceline. I have read reviews suggesting that the Muse is &quot;threadbare&quot; and in bad repair. My experience is that it is just as good or better than any major 4star hotel in NY. Again, if I had paid$400 per night, I might have been a dissapointed but at least they don't nickel and dime you too much. The coffee in the bathroom at the Muse was free while at the Barclay they charge you for everything. Some people have said that the front desk is rude. They were only ever nice to us. Very welcoming. They do place a huge hold on your credit card though. Be wary of that. And the minibar is 'spensive. Overall, it was a lovely place to come home to every day after being out in the city. You can judge a hotel purely on amenities, noise levels, and price or... you can just experience a place by how it feels. Like your favorite restaurant you like because of the atmosphere. The Muse is not perfect and it can be expensive but it has great atmosphere and it's really cozy and comfortable. It has a nice character. Hope to stay there again.	
Jul 10 2007 	Worst Hotel Experience of My Life!	Reservations6monthsinadvance, upon check-in were told hotel was sold out and they had 1 smoking room with 1 bed for us. They brought in some odor machine to work on the stench. ater discovered the AC didnt work. Manager moved us to another room (seems they did not give us the LAST room in the entire hotel). The furniture here was crammed so close that the doors to the armoire/drawers couldnt be opened. Manager had 2 more rooms available. We moved into non-smoking room, check-in lied again. They sent up bottle of wine. Nice gesture, but it was an open, half bottle of wine left over from the 5-6pm happy hour. Next day, room was never cleaned. The response: were really busy, the hotel is full. Upon check-out, we shared our experience and hoped for an apology. Instead we got a complimentary 1-night stay for a future visit. Paid $350+/night and was treated horribly. Imagine if you were staying for free. I will never stay at this hotel again! If you are sold on location, Comfort Inn across the street, 129 W 46th St, half the price and looked nice.	
Jul 10 2007 	Good Hotel for discount rate	Booked through Hotels.com for $182 a night plus taxes for four nights 7/5 - 7/8, room #707, our room had one window looking at roof next door and a skyscraper a block away. Very quiet and didn’t hear other guests at all, but did hear the occasional car horn, but this is a big city.Excellent central location, 1/2 block to Times Square to the west and 1 block to Rockefeller Square to the East, access to two Subway stations.Bed was very comfy, with feather/down top, NY Times at the your door every morning, bathrobe, lobby drinks @ 5:00 pm, umbrella in closet, welcome pack in bathroom with small book, Band-Aids, shampoo, shaver, lotion, aftershave, toothpaste, gum, q-tips, cotton balls, shampoo, conditioner.Good size bathroom, but the bottom of bathtub had a large chip and the textured floor had a dirt tinge to it. No baths for me. The shower head joint wasn't tight and misted water in the wrong directions; I didn’t want maintenance in there with all our stuff so we just put a wash cloth over it so that the vanity didn't get all wet. Toilet plugged and maintenance came within 10 minutes with a plunger.All the staff is EXTREMELY friendly, all greeted you and genuinely seemed willing to respond to any request. Concierge made reservations for us at Bond 45, I highly recommend their chocolate mouse, and we got free champagne.I was very happy with my hotel stay at the $182 a night price, if I'd have to have paid the $350 - $500 rate I would have expected more.Ate breakfast at the Europa Café at end of block everyday, excellent selection of muffins, scones, yogurt, egg sandwiches, pancakes …………….I had no problem with the street that previous posters spoke about glad it was a quieter side street.	
Jul 6 2007 	Huge rooms at the Muse	I was really impressed by the Muse Hotel, particularly the enormous rooms which are the biggest I've ever seen in this price range in NYC. The staff at the Muse were friendly, professional, and helpful. They also took great care of our little dog, who we often travel with. The only downside of the hotel is its setting on a gross block near tourist-packed Times Square. However, it's also a short walk from here to Bloomingdale's, Barney's, and Central Park, so the location has it's perks as well.	
Jul 6 2007 	Excellent	This was the 1st time I stayed at this hotel. The hotel looked great online (like all things on the web). When we arrived from a good walk from Penn Station, I was a little nervous, it was a tad sketchy looking - but what do you expect at a rate under $200 for NYC.When we walked in the small lobby, it was very hip. Every night from 5-6PM they have a wine reception. Check in was very quick and efficient! Our room (#706) was great. It was tucked into a corner and faced the street. The room was large (especially for NY) and the bathroom was great size. Even though our room faced the street, there was very little noise we can hear. The location of the hotel was pretty decent. We stayed mostly west side but did walk over to FDR for the fireworks.When we checked out we asked what a regular rate would be since we got a deal due to the holiday and she said the rates would be going up to $500 due to renovations.The downside is the TV in the room, but how much TV are you watching while you're in NY? We had it on when we came in and when we were getting ready to leave.I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 3 2007 	The staff makes the difference....	My kids and I stayed at The Muse from June 29 for 3 nights. After a very small mix up at check-in, Audrey did her very best to correct the situation and accommodate us. All the staff where very kind and patient and happy! The whole stay was nothing less then pleasurable at The Muse.Without a doubt, I would stay there again. And not to mention that the beds where incredible to sleep in!!!	
Jun 23 2007 	Very Nice	Very nice hotel near Times Square. Room was VERY nice. In the hotel, there is a restaurant called The District. We did not eat there because it was quite expensive. They have free coffee in the restaurant lobby but it's not there for very long. Bed was extremely comfortable. Staff was helpful and extremely professional. We had a room that faced the street which if you are sensitive to noise, might not be a good idea. Rooms are quite expensive but we got a deal through Priceline that included airfare. You won't be disappointed if you stay here. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 16 2007	a great kimpton - but beware the concierge!!	As usual a great Kimpton bed! Nice hotel. But - when you ask the concierge for info - there is a racket IMO. I asked for a small Italian Restaraunt. The lady called and said &quot;from the muse, yes from the muse&quot; - so we get sent to this 300 seat joint, very touristy. Found an excellent, small out of the way italian joint 2 doors down. Asked them for a great deli. Wanted to send us to the stage deli (tourist trap) - there was a real (great) NYC deli just a block away. So when asking them, make sure to say, not touristy and make sure you get what you want.	
Jun 11 2007 	Great Location Terrible Service	My husband and I stayed in The Muse for 6 nights in early May. On the positive side, the hotel is in a fantastic location. Times Square, Theatre District, Visitors Centre and public transportation are all within easy walking distance. The free drinks each afternoon were great and the inclusive toiletries were of a good quality (unlike most hotels).On the negative side, we'd requested a non-smoking room and got a smoking room. The smell was very strong, so we left a note for the cleaner (and some money) requesting the room be sprayed with a deodoriser however no joy. The above incident became a non-event though after the overflowing toilet incident. On our first night, after a 20 hour flight from Sydney, we made a visit to the toilet at 3am only to have it overflow. We frantically called reception as it continued overflowing and without a floor drain in the bathroom, looked certain to spill into the bedroom. A janitor was quick to respond and stop the overflow however his next actions horrified me. He proceeded to use the clean bathroom towels to mop up the excess off the floor. He soon ran out and went off to grab some more clean towels. After mopping up the majority of the excess, he left the room, never to be seen again. We waited patiently for a member of staff to come and disinfect the bathroom however none arrived. We eventually called reception again to request this and were told cleaning staff didn't arrive until 8am. They didn't seem the slightest bit concerned that raw sewerage had just been spilled over the floor, allegedly clean towels that people dry themselves with were used to mop it up and apparently there was no need for disinfectant. Eventually after a bit of complaining a man came up to the room to spay some type of cleaning fluid on the however guess what he used as a cloth? You guessed it - another clean towel! To say I was upset, horrified and disgusted by this incident is an understatement. Never once did we receive an apology for the inconvenience or the display of un-hygenic practices.The complete apathy of all staff involved in the above (including the Manager-On-Duty we spoke to later in the day) set the tone for the remainder of the trip. Reception staff were incredibly rude and lacked any sort of professionalism.In summary, the location is great however service and hygiene practices are well below par.	
May 27 2007 	Good hotel; detailed explanation of pros and cons	My girlfriend and I stayed at The Muse May 22-26 in an Executive King room, on the 11th floor. Normally a $500/night room which we got a good deal on for $269/night (hotwire).Pros:1) Cannot beat the location. Times Square right around the corner. Close to Central Park, 5th Ave, Broadway, the Met, Museum of Natural History, it goes on. Not within walking distance to Ground Zero/Financial District or Battery Park, but a cab or subway will get you there fast.2) Nice room. Some people complain about their rooms here, but I can't say anything bad. Granted they're not huge, but it's New York and personally I don't need a very big room. The bed was extremely comfortable as were the pillows. Bathroom was very nice. Never saw housekeeping but our room was always well attended and clean.3) Helpful and friendly staff. We were always welcomed when we returned from a long day. Doormen always offered to flag us a cab or make driving arrangements for us. When we asked for restaurant suggestions they provided us with some menus and offered to call ahead for us. The wine/beer reception is a nice touch although we only took advantage 2 of the 4 nights, and then just briefly.Cons:1) The great location comes with a fair amount of noise, despite being on the 11th floor. Our days were long and we were generally wiped at the end, which made sleeping easy even though you could clearly make out ground noise (especially the garbage trucks). If you get stuck on a low floor I would imagine the noise would be very irritating.2) There was an apparent miscommunication with the front desk staff on check in. We were told a credit card number would be held for incidental charges at the end of our stay. What they ACTUALLY do is put through a $150 charge per day for incidentals, which is reversed 72 hours after your stay. Probably not a big deal for people who have large credit limits (I guess you might not even know they do this) but for my girlfriend, whose credit limit is low and was nearly maxed out when we arrived, it created some significant problems when her card started to be declined everywhere. All in all not a huge deal, but we tried to emphasize to the person we spoke to on the phone that this should be explained prior to check in.3) Nickel and Diming. $10.95/day for internet service yet every other Kimpton hotel in the country offers this service for free. A mini-bar that uses an elaborate sensor system to charge you for an item 12 seconds after it is moved, thereby preventing you from even looking at the fridge let alone using it to store things. These things can be explained by saying &quot;Oh, it's New York&quot;, but they leave a bad taste just the same.All in all, we had a great time in the city and were very happy with the hotel. We'd both stay there again, although we'd come with a credit card with a larger limit now that we know what they actually do, and we'd insist on a floor at least where we were if not higher.	
May 9 2007 	Good hotel great location	I stayed at this hotel for three nights in May, and found it to be a nice alternative to the chain hotels in the neighborhood. The location is excellent-steps from Times Square, but far enough to avoid much of the street noise. The staff was helpful and friendly - I called for more towels and they arrived in five minutes. The afternoon wine and soda reception in the lobby is a nice touch.Rooms are just above average for NY - still on the small side, but comfortable. The bathrooms are small for a room in this price range. Everything was very clean and the twice-daily housekeeping service is nice.One minor complaint is that the rooms are serviced twice between eight and five, and not serviced during the early evening, which is an odd schedule.The workout room is very small, but has new machines with TV and free headsets.	
May 7 2007	muse was fine	New York is tricky because I feel like when I spend over $420 a night (I upgraded to an executive king) for a hotel room that I should get something decent. I did not get this with the Muse. The room was a good size, but nothing special. The bathtub needed a deep cleaning. I think that the other Kimpton hotels that I've stayed at were much nicer. It was a good location near Broadway &amp; an easy walk to uptown or downtown.	
May 6 2007 	Great location	Great location beside times square on West 46th Street but just off it so you can avoid the madness if you want! Small sized lobby, room was not ready when I tried to check in around 1, storing our bags was not a problem. Lobby is small so maybe avoid checking in when the wine reception is on as it gets crowded!Room was clean and good sized. We booked a King Deluxe Room. Though windows are small and quite high so the room is always very dark. Two of our windows looked out onto a brick wall so this probably added to the darkness. However, i had requested a quiet room and there was very little noise from outside.The only problem in the room was that the tv unit doesnt point towards the bed,so if you want to watch tv you have to sit on the armchair! Kimpton In touch welcome pack is given to members (bar of choclate, bottle of water and toiletry bag). Staff are all really friendly and very helpful. Would stay here again.	
Apr 23 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	My wife and I found the Muse through a Travel Zoo email I received several months ago. I was able to book three nights, April 19-22, for $199.00 per night. We were headed to New York for my wife's birthday and I emailed the hotel asking them to take that into account. When we arrived, they wished her a happy birthday and put us in a junior suite on the 13th floor. Having not seen any other rooms, I can't compare it, but our room was Huge by NY standards. We had a desk, easy chair, king size bed, armoire, couch and another chair. The bathroom was quite large and everything was in good shape. They probably need to replace the matress, but it was still quite comfortable.The noise was noticeable the first night, but not the next two. There was no view to speak of, but the room met our needs quite well. It's just down the street from Times Square, but far enough off to not hear all of the noise.The free wine hour was also a nice touch.If you can get a good rate, this is a great hotel.Josh	
Apr 13 2007 	A pleasant comfortable stay	I'm very glad that I stayed at the Muse, it was a pleasant, comfortable stay. All of the staff were welcoming and friendly. The room itself was decent sized, it did not feel cramped. However, the windows being somewhat high (maybe eye level or higher), somehow made the room feel less cozy (perhaps like a basement). The bathroom was huge and immaculate and brightly lit. The bed was plush and comfortable, I appreciated the lightweight comforter - no heavy blankets to weigh you down. There were also some very nice extra touches - the free NYT at your door, the CD player (although the radio didn't work or I couldn't get reception) and the lemon soap (I didn't know that it was a brand name until after I stayed there). One thing I could have done without was the free wine/beer hour. I happened to check in while this was going on, and I was a little overwhelmed by the crowd in the lobby. There were perhaps 40-60 people there, and it felt overcrowded. The lobby is not big enough to feel inviting and relaxing with this many people. Once i adjusted though, the mood seemed casual and cheerful.	
Apr 11 2007 	Liked it didn't love it	Great location, if you want to be in the mix of Times Square! But I've stayed at other Kimpton hotels (even in NYC) that were nicer, and seemed less worn out, with a staff that was more helpful and friendly.	
Apr 9 2007 	Highly Recommended!	My family and I chose to stay at The Muse based on feedback we read on TripAdvisor. We loved it! We rented 3 rooms and each stayed in an Executive Suite which was extremely spacious for an NYC hotel room. The location is convenient, but not on one of the busier streets so I found it quieter than other places I have stayed (we were on the 5th floor). The service was professional and courteous. It's not a cheap place to stay, but I found that you get a lot more for your money than say the Hudson or even the W.There is no bar at the hotel but there are plenty of places to go nearby - and the hotel does a happy hour with free beer/wine from 5-6 pm everyday.	
Apr 3 2007 	Great Hotel - Great Location	What a great hotel and location right on Times Square, our second trip to New York and an absolute find. Reception Staff very helpful as were doormen. Free wine and beers between 5-6 at night was a nice touch as was coffee to go in the morning. Room was nice with monster bed and well appointed bathroom. Ask reception to book you lunch/dinner at Peter Lugars in Brooklynn , stakes are the best. Also 'La Marias 'French restaraunt right next door, well worth a visit.We'd definately go back, although it was colder in March than Scotland	
Mar 28 2007 	extremely comfortable	Location very central, near Times Square. Rooms are large by NYC standards, and very quiet. Extremely clean. The bed was pillowtop andso comfortable. Marble bathroom had nice amenity kit, and L'Occitane bath products, and a fun leopard robe. But the service was what stoodout, it was exceptional. My husband needed &quot;Home Depot&quot; type suppliesfor an office opening, and they were so helpful in pointing him in the right direction, letting him know when crucial FED EX shipment had arrived. Staff is friendly and helpful. Lobby is swanky, they have a complimentary wine &quot;happy hour&quot; in the evening. This hotel is highly recommended, we will stay here again. There was nothing negative about our stay.	
Mar 28 2007 	Great Boutique Hotel	We stayed at The Muse for a couple of days before heading off to Egypt last month. We usually stay at the Marquis when in New York anddecided to try something different. Glad we did! We got into the cityafter midnight and took a nightmarish ride out of the Twilight Zone to the hotel. Didn't arrive until after 2:00 a.m.! Nevertheless, the concierge on duty was a very pleasant chap and couldn't have been nicer We stayed on the 6th floor because all other rooms on the higher floors were booked. Our room was nicely decorated, seemed to have been recently renovated. It was clean, the bed was very comfortable, the room was quiet. This is a huge deal for me. I hate it when the walls are paper thin in hotels. Good water pressure, nice linens. We ate a great breakfast at the hotel. They arranged a &quot;town car&quot; service to take us back to the airport when it was time - which was much appreciated.Great location - literally just around the corner from Times Square.Don't hesitate to stay here - it's great. Next time I would probably book from the hotel's web site - I would have gotten a better deal!	
Mar 19 2007 	Great Stay at The Muse	My sister and I just spent a &quot;girl's weekend&quot; at The Muse. We planned the trip for March hoping for nice weather, but were surprised with 5 inches of snow the day we arrived. Fortunately for us, The Muse was very close to everything we wanted to visit : the Theatre District, Rockefeller Center and restaurants. We arrived at the hotel early, but were able to check in right away. Our room was on the 10th floor and we heard very little street noise and nothing from other guests. The room was average in size, but the storage space (drawers/closet) was more than adequate for our stay. The bathroom was larger than I expected and there was a &quot;welcome&quot; goodie bag with toothbrush, toothpaste and other sample size toiletries.As other postings have noted, rooms at The Muse do not have great views. If having a city view is important, then this would not be the place for you. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and look forward to our next visit.	
Mar 17 2007 	The Muse Needs an Update	My family stayed at the Muse for a long weekend over the Washington Birthday weekend. We've stayed at the Muse several times over the past 5 years. We love the location, 1/2 block from Times Square. But the hotel is showing wear and tear. Kimpton recently has purchased the hotel. Not sure if they plan on renovating, but a renovation is needed. We found wall paper peeling, mold on the grout in the bathroom, carpets is getting threadbear. Next time we travel to NYC we are going to try the Comfort Inn which is directly across the street and costs about 1/3 of the price of the Muse. Have yet to try the Comfort Inn, but I can't justify the cost of the Muse for the condition it is in.	
Mar 16 2007	Stay inspired	My mom and I stayed at The Muse on our last trip to NYC. The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly; they really went above and beyond the call of duty to make our trip memorable. The location was excellent, as we had theatre tickets every night. The room was huge by New York standards, and the beds were comfortable and turned down every night. It was truly one of the best stays I've had in NYC, second to my stay at The Plaza.	
Mar 2 2007 	The Muse is inspired!	Recently spent two nights at The Muse while attending NY Comic Con. Our room was lovely and well-appointed as was the bathroom. L'Occitaine amenities were a delightful addition to the latter as was the upgraded amenity bag containing toothpaste, hairgel, etc (I may have gotten this because I am a Kimpton In-Touch member). This was definitely one of the most spacious rooms in which I've stayed in NY and was a welcome respite after a long drive from Boston (night 1) and an even longer day at the convention (night 2). District, the restaurant in the hotel, has delicious food but the service leaves something to be desired, to be honest. While the individual servers were pleasant enough while waiting on us, when we were seated near the kitchen we were privvy to a variety of loud arguments amongst staff members. Additionally, apparently District doesn't serve mixed drinks in spite of the fact that the hotel bar is a stone's throw away and you *can* have restaurant food in the bar! Very odd...The front desk staff and concierges Barbara and Stephen deserve additional kudos for their wonderfully personalized service and attention to detail. I will definitely stay at The Muse again, and I would encourage anyone looking for a little oasis of calm and class in the middle of Times Square to do the same!	
Feb 21 2007	Best Location Great Rooms but No View	We booked the Muse as part of a weekend in New York Costco package where we got Two Nights at the Muse, Two Shows (Jersey Boys &amp; Spamalot) and Dinner at Sardi's. I looked up the Muse on this site and booked two additional night prior to the package deal nights. They made sure we got to stay in the same room for all four nights. The Muse was within walking distance of both Theaters and Sardi's. It was my wife's first trip to New York, Even though it was cold (Feb.14-18th) we were able to see New York's Tourist attractions, Time Square (Distance: 0.3miles Estimated walking time: 6mins), NBC Today Show Plaza at Rockefeller Center (Distance: 0.3 miles Estimated walking time: 7 min.), Grand Central Terminal (Distance: 0.6 miles Estimated walking time: 13 min walking), Empire State Building (Distance: 0.8 miles Estimated walking time: 17 min) Macey's Department Store (Distance: 0.7 miles Estimated walking time: 13 min) Of course you can go to the Empire State Building &amp; Macy's the same trip they are only one block from each other. I would recommend staying at the Muse on your next trip to New York. And its only a $25 cab ride from LGA airport Distance: 7.3 miles Estimated time: 16 min. JFK is Distance: 16.6 miles Estimated time: 20 min and $45 Flat Rate, &amp; EWR (Newark Airportm N.J) That cab ride would cost approximately $53.36. It is about 15.93 miles. There is a $15 surcharge for trips from New York to Newark Airport. The no view is just that, your off Broadway and there are taller buildings all around you. But we didn't go to NY to look out of the Window.	
Feb 18 2007 	Small but quaint and we Loved it!	My mother and I stayed at The Muse for a week, the rooms are very small, as I expect most are in New York, but it was a great place to stay, the service was great, the room service was VERY tasty too. The location was so surprising, I knew it would be good, but WOW, it was so close to everything. It was pricey, but it earnt it. A really great time. My favorite memory is actually of the wheat based soap, I was so pleased to see a hotel with a high quality soap which was good for my skin!	
Feb 17 2007 	great location comfy rooms	We spent 3 nights in the Muse last week - feb 9 -12. This was the 2nd time we've stayed at th - is hotel and i find it a very safe choice for new york. The rooms are comfy (espescially the beds) - although not that large and the bathrooms are fine - nothing fancy but clean and large enough. The thing i like the most is that its a quiet hotel - which in NYC is hard to find - none of the rooms have a great view - so if you ask for one facing the sides or the back of the hotel - its very quiet and you don't really miss out on anything. Room service was good - quick and tasty - another advantage of staying in a boutique hotel. The location is fab and the concierge was very helpful - he got us very difficult to get restaurant reservations at Balthazar (very very good french place - so yummy). So all in all i think we'll return - i like to know what to expect in NYC and this one is a safe bet.	
Feb 11 2007 	Enjoyed the Muse	This is the second time in the past 4 years that my husband and I have stayed at this hotel and although it seemed a bit more run down this time, we still enjoyed it. The location is great, easy to get a taxi and to walk to nearby sites. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the room size was fine.Would recommend to request a high floor to ensure quiet.	
Feb 3 2007 	beautiful hotel	This is a gorgeous hotel with great service. The location could not be better. I love staying at the MUSE.	
Feb 1 2007 	Great NYC hotel in the middle of all the action!	My boyfriend and I stayed at The Muse hotel during our recent weekend trip to NYC. We thoroughly enjoyed or stay at this cute little hotel! The staff was friendly and very accommodating of our request and questions.When we called housekeeping to ask for robes, they were immediately (5mins) bought up to our room. The hotel is just a block away from Times Square, and close to 5th Ave, Rockefeller Plaza, Broadway, and so much more. The room was small, but that is to be expected with most hotel rooms in NYC.We would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay there again.Pros:Great staff, clean rooms, comfy bed &amp; pillows, spacious bathroom, Location, Location, and Location!Cons:Unfortunately, the restaurant was closed for renovations during our stay.	
Jan 30 2007	Great Location Good Size Rooms	Having stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown a couple of times (which is great value for money), I decided to satisfy my curiosity and stay at The Muse which is directly opposite. Obviously the two hotels can't be compared except that they both have a superb location. I payed $220/night via Travelocity (the cheapest I could find - and cheaper than the Kimpton website) and stayed a Saturday and Sunday night from 20-22 January 2007.The lobby is quite small but the staff are expceptionally friendly and helpful. Despite arriving fairly early from a 24 hour flight from Singapore, the room was available and I could check in early.Room size for New York is big. There is no question about that. Of course it is still not as big as other places, but for this town, the room was a great size. Inparticular the bathroom was very large. My room was very clean. The carpet was a little tired looking, but I have seen much worse in better hotels. The decor was very tasteful. There was a radio/CD stereo which was nice. The TV remote is a bit cumbersome. It only worked if you pointed directly at the Infa Red box. It required a little determination, but once you mastered it, it was OK.The L'Ocittane toiletries are a nice touch, but don't think about trying to get an extra bar of soap out of housekeeping !Noise level was OK given the location. The doorman worked overtime with his whistle trying to hail taxis. This was a bit irritating around the 6pm time slot, but in any case it is doubtful that you will be sitting in your hotel room in the heart of New Yok City for very long at that time of day.My only peeve was with the housekeeping. Whilst trying to take a nap in the afternoon to overcome the long flight, they would repeatedly enter and leave neighbouring rooms while cleaning them allowing the doors to constantly slam. No effort to prop the door open or close it quielty was made. After 14 slams in about 20 minutes I lost my patience !All in all, however, a very nice hotel and as already mentioned the location is mind blowing. No hotel will be perfect, but this comes fairly close.	
Jan 22 2007 	Very Disappointed	I booked this hotel as my husband stayed here a couple of years ago and enjoyed his stay. We were very disappointed, and my husband remarked how downhill it had gone. The bathroom was grimy,sealant was mouldy, grouting missing from the tiles in the floor etc. Decor was bad i.e. peeling wallpaper. The heating/ac unit was extreamly noisy . We were on the 14th floor and the noise from the street below (garbage trucks etc) was awful. We stayed for 5 nights and did not get a good nights sleep the whole stay. I would suggest if you stay here you request a higher floor. Our televison remote did not work properly and despite speaking to reception was never fixed.The size of the room was ok, but not as big as some reviews rave about. The room did not justify the price paid.This hotel needs some major renovation. Perhaps we were just unlucky with our room.The doorman was excellent and by far the most helpful and friendly of staff - nothing was too much trouble. We ate at The District Restaurant one evening and it was excellent - excellent food and service - could not fault it at all. The barman in the small bar was also very good, very friendly and chatty.	
Jan 20 2007 	Best hotel I ever visited	I won a trip to NYC that included a stay at The Muse. We loved it. My pet peeve is noise and in our room, you couldn't tell anyone else was there. We didn't hear voices in the hall, other people flushing their toilets, ice machines - nothing. Pure silence. I slept like a baby. The convenience of the location is great - right off of Times Square. The staff couldn't have been nicer. It's pet friendly, too, and there were a lot of dogs (big dogs!) staying there but we never heard a single bark. The only complaint I have is that we couldn't buy the robe I wore. It is supposed to be for sale online but only the animal prints are and I wanted the tan one. The toiletries were really nice, BTW, and there were little extras that we didn't expect. If we're lucky enough to get back to NYC, we're definitely going to stay at The Muse.	
Jan 9 2007 	Location Location Location	I took my girlfirend to New York as a surprise for her 40th birthday and spent a long time researching hotels in NYC as I wanted everything to be perfect. The Muse was everything the reviews said and fully met my expectations. The staff were great, the room was excellent (I had a junior suite with balcony on the 15th floor) and the location was perfect being located a mere 100 yards off Times Square.Of special note is Barbara the Concierge who made quite a few arrangements and recommendations prior to arrival and the bell boys who arranged an excellent car transfer from the airport with P&amp;L.Would I stay there again? Absolutely!	
Jan 4 2007 	Just the perfect trip...	What can I say....friendly, helpful, nicely decorated, spacious...and that bed....wow....Now I'm British, and our hotel standards are not as good in the UK, but this was just a lovely, clean, friendly hotel. The location is PERFECT for people who like the hustle and bustle and want the &quot;new york experience&quot;. Rooms were cleaned daily, never a hesitation, and even tidied up when we left a mess! Concierge staff were amazingly helpful, if a little expectant of tips, but thats more about the culture of NYC/U.S. than the hotel itself. Overall I'd recommend the Muse, I'd stay there again, and I'd love to be back in NYC for a little longer to experience life there again. We stayed over the New Years eve celebrations and were perfectly placed, but be aware that you will NOT be able to come and go as you please from the festivities - you have to brave it like the rest! We loved the Muse for its non corporate quirkiness - if you want to get away from the Trup, Comfort Inn and Marriot Hotels of New York city for something more intimate and special, look no further.	
Jan 2 2007 	Great Customer Service	We like small boutique hotels, and since we are members of Kimpton, naturally we looked at Kimpton hotels while researching for hotels in NYC. We chose The Muse over the other Kimpton for our one week visit to NYC .The goods:- Great Customer ServiceStaff, from the front desk to housekeeping was very helpful and friendly. They were always smiling and saying hello when we walked by. A few even remembered and greeted us by our names each time we walked by. - We requested a higher floor, away from the crowd. We received our requested room without any problems. This is very important for us because a lot of times, even after we requested for a specific room, we never got the room we requested and would be given excuses by the hotel.- The room and bathroom are pretty spacious for NY standard. - The bed was very comfortable. I have trouble sleeping through the night, but I slept through the nights the whole time I was there.- Complimentary wine was served daily from 5-6pm in the lobby. It's nice. We took this time to relax and catch up. - Location location location. This hotel is about 1/2 block away from Times Square and a few blocks from 5th Avenue. There's always something to do and something to eat. You will never grow bored or go hungry here. The bads:- As much as we loved how friendly the housekeeping staff was, we were disappointed by the cleanseness. There was mildew growing around the tub. The bath rope had blonde hair (we're not blonde) which made us think it was not washed since the last use. There were black stains on our white comforter. The carpet was dirty. Our white socks turned black walking around in the room. - The lobby is tiny, and it gets really packed during the complimentary wine hour. It's kind of hard to be relaxed when you are worried someone might trip over you.- Check your bill daily. Both our room and our friends' room were charged for movies we didn't order three days in a row. We finally asked to block the pay-preview channels. I must note that the charges were taken out without any problems. Overall, it's a nice hotel. Most likely we will stay here again. The people made our stay nice. They should work on their housekeeping though.	
Dec 11 2006 	Great Time Square Location	We stayed at the hotel for our first trip to New York City as &quot;adults&quot;. It was a perfect spot when you want to be a tourist. It was located near Times Square, Central Park and Broadway. The rooms were fairly large, modern and very comfortable and the price of the hotel was fairly reasonable in New York standards. The staff was pleasant and allowed us a very early check in when we arrived exhausted from our red eye.I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking to stay near Times Square. I however would not choose to stay in this location again. I would most likely opt for a hotel closer to Central Park.	
Nov 13 2006 	Loved the Muse	We stayed at the Muse the weekend of November 11th. Cant say enough nice things about this hotel. From the moment we pulled our car up to the front of the hotel, to the time we left it was fantastic.The staff was very friendly. We were there for my Husband's 60th birthday.When they found out, we received champagne,fruit and a beautiful card.Our room had a nice size balcony,we were on the 15th floor and sipped our champagne while admiring the city view. Again we would highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 8 2006	Fine but not Great!	We were just at the Muse, staying from November 4-7, 2006. While we enjoyed our stay, I would not agree that this is a four star hotel. Because this was a busy weekend due to the New York Marathon, I had used Priceline to book our room. Since I did get a good price, I probably should not complain at all, but had I paid the rack rate I would definitely have been disappointed.The location of the hotel was great. It was on a quiet street, but only a block from Times Square and close to Rockefeller Center, 5th avenue shopping, etc. We found it easy both to catch the subway nearby and to get a cab in front of the hotel. The complimentary wine between 5pm and 6pm was nice as well. I found the beds to be very comfortable and the bathroom to be a nice size with nice toiletries included.On the other hand, the room was a bit worn. Also, the cleaning service did not do the best job, leaving garbage in the trash cans and not wiping down the sink at all. Our room had a hole in the sink where apparently the sprinkler was missing. I have never seen this in a four-star hotel before. Finally, we found the staff (with the exception of the doorman) to be a bit cold and aloof, as though you were putting them out if you asked a question.All in all, we didn't really spend much time in our room anyhow. I would stay at the Muse if you get a good rate. We would not stay here again if we were paying full price.	
Nov 7 2006 	Worst hotel ever	Worst hotel ever, especially for a Kimpton. Day manager wasn't friendly, I was quoted for Global Kimpton Member room rate, but manager on site tried to tell me that I couldn't get the quote. He tried to say we were getting a deal for a Manhattan hotel. Room was very dark and dingy, no ventilation at all in the room, when turned on air conditioner to cool down the room, it became like a refridgerator...couldn't control room temp and it was a very loud fan, couldn't sleep for 3 nights. Not worth the 599.00 a night that was charged for it. Wouldn't even be worth 100.00 a night. Would not stay there ever again.	
Nov 6 2006 	Muse is a gem!	We are a family of four, two adults and two teenagers, who have just returned from a week in NYC, where we stayed in the Muse Hotel. The hotel is in a perfect location, on a quiet street (W 46th), but only a minute's walk, if that, to the heart of Times Square. The atmosphere in the area was buzzing and friendly and felt safe at all times, even late at night.The hotel staff couldn't have been more helpful and looked after us so well from the minute we checked in. We were upgraded free of charge to an executive double/double room when they saw there were four of us sharing. One concierge called Stephen was particularly good and gave us great advice and information.The beds have feather toppers which makes them so comfortable there was a danger that we might have stayed in them instead of exploring the city but we resisted. Bathroom was spacious with L'Occitane toiletries and huge fluffy robes.Complimentary coffee in the lounge every morning and complimentary wine reception in the lobby from 5-6 each evening.All in all a really great experience and we all look forward to returning to The Muse.	
Nov 6 2006 	immaculate "HIP" and good location!	My husband and I go to NYC about 4 or 5 times a year and have been staying in the same 4 star hotel for several years. But lately, it seemed like it was getting a little worn out so we tried out the Muse for the first time after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. It was FANTASTIC! It was an immaculately clean hotel room. Really clean! Wonderful soap and shampoos. Good size bathroom and again, very clean!! Nice staff, very helpful bellmen, there's even a happy hour with complimentary red and white wine in the lobby every day from 5 to 6. (Nice touch.) The location is terrific. Go down one block and you are in the heart of the action. There are 2 shortcomings that I feel obligated to point out: 1. the consierge staff was not that knowledgable. We happened to be in NYC during marathon Sunday and were concerned about getting back to the airport on Sunday morning. Two different employees didn't know what time the race began and how it would affect the traffic in the area. We didn't think that was good. Also, #2. the hotel is on 46th street and even the bellmen agreed that it is often hard to flag down a cab from that location. Most cabs coming down 46th stteet already have riders in their cabs. We just walked up to 5th Ave to flag down a cab, but just thought I should mention that. In spite of these 2 shortcomings, we will be back. The hotel was more than $100 less each night than the one we had been staying in, it's in a better location and much much cleaner. We;ll be back and I can't wait!	
Nov 4 2006	Constant piercing whistle from the doorman	This is a nice hotel, but clearly trying to attract the tourists. They have a couple of doormen who &quot;hail&quot; a cab, by blowing the most obnoxious whistle I've ever heard--- it made it impossible to sleep or get any work done. When I complained to the front desk, she said she was sorry. Nothing changed. When I asked the doorman, he said that it was good for tips. Stay here if you plan to be out of the hotel the whole time, but if you have a baby or need to get some sleep, go elsewhere.	
Nov 2 2006 	Beware iof deceptive advertising and pictures on web	My assistant booked this Hotel via a web site where The Muse was sold as a 4 Star boutique hotel. Please never fall for this, especially if you are from out of town or from another country and new to New York. The Muse was the worst hotel I have ever stayed and they do NOT deserve a 4 star rating by any measure. The lobby is dark and gloomy. Food served in the room service and restaurant was very bad. It is more of a glorified bed and break fast place. I recommend staying else and any place other than this.The Muse needs heavy renovation both for its structure, interior and its people before it deserves to claim 4 Start status.S Madala, CEO of a firm in California	
Oct 24 2006 	Not Impressed.	I was disappointed with The Muse. Dank, dark, lifeless. Small reception area, poor seating. Reception/concierge staff were literally sitting on top of each other - worst I've seen and NO confidentiality. Room fit a king bed comfortably. Windows 5 feet off the floor, so you couldn't see out. Very noisy outside. Bathroom roomy - but needed a facelift. Hotel in total, room included, very blank. Lack of pictures and color - generally BLAH and empty. Good location. Restaurant attached had good breakfast. Kimpton can do MUCH better than this. Appreciated the help of the bell staff. Would not return. Overpriced.	
Oct 22 2006	Wouldn't stay there again	Travel to NYC frequently for business, and stayed at the Muse as an alternative during a recent trip. I was very disappointed. Requested a non-smoking room (and was provided one) only problem, previous guests had been smoking and the room smelled terrible. Overall, the room was not clean, the carpeting had stains all over, everything was very dusty, there hadn't been a good cleaning done in awhile. My biggest complaint was the air conditioning system, I can't see how anyone could sleep with the noise of the system cylcing off and on..as a frequent business travel, this is one of the worst I have experienced.On a positive note, the location is excellent, adjacent to Times Square, but tucked away on a &quot;quieter&quot; street. The restuarant is also excellent for both breakfast and dinner.Nevertheless, consider what they charge, there are far better choices in the city.	
Oct 12 2006	Disappointing	Stayed at the Muse for two nights the last week of September. Hotel is in a very busy area of Times Square. I had reserved a non-smoking room and when I checked in, none were available. The room was in the back on the third floor. It reeked of smoke. The bedspread, carpet, armoire, all smelled of smoke. The front desk sent up an air ionizer but all it did was make noise. I asked for a deodorizer but my requests were ignored. The air conditioner did nothing to remove the smell. I opened the windows but outside were the exhaust fans for the air units and the noise was terrible. The room windows faced brick walls and it was very dark.I am sick of reserving non-smoking rooms and not getting them. The Muse went to no extra effort to make up for this. I left with all of my belongings smelling of smoke. Never again at this place. Not worth $400 per night!	
Oct 5 2006 	Sad to say...	We've stayed at The Muse numerous times over the past four years, and I'm sad to say that our last visit was disappointing.The hotel is lovely, and the rooms are comfy- but there's something missing since Kimpton took over.We checked in on Friday, and had nightly turndown service until Wednesday. Then this lovely touch was discontinued with no notification on the part of the hotel staff.On previous trips the turndown service included pillow treats, which my husband looked forward to. We received a 'treat' on the first night of our stay because of my Kimpton membership. After that it was just turndown. We're afraid that the evening housekeeper had been terminated because Kimpton didn't want to keep up the turndown tradition. When we asked about the service, the staffer at the desk spoke to us like we were morons.In the bathroom was a 'convenience' menu of items that could be picked up at the front desk if you'd left yours at home. I sent my husband down to the desk for an item, and they didn't have any- and hadn't for a few days.Suffice it to say, that with the rates going up considerably and the congeniality and courtesy of certain staff members going down- we're looking around for another hotel to call 'home' on our trips.Kimpton will be doing a renovation of The Muse, which will include removal of the lovely ladies on the ceiling of the lobby.Before our July trip, we would have given this hotel not only an 'Excellent&quot; but would have raised it to 'Outstanding&quot;. Now it's above average, for the comfort of the rooms.	
Sep 28 2006 	Muse summer getaway	Stayed here during a 5 day summer getaway. Unlike a previous review, we COULD control our a/c and found it marvelously cold, despite it being 100 degrees outside. I tended to turn a/c off whenever we left the room, as city was experiencing brownouts and did not want to risk that. Not so great a view, but beds were very comfy. Bathroom was fabulous. Did not eat in restaurant, very limited menu and very expensive. My only complaint was that there were not ice machines on every floor..our floor had a big old pink thing that had watered down, somewhat unsanitary looking ice in it. No thanks. Everything else was nice.	
Sep 26 2006 	Loved The Muse!	My husband and I just returned from a long week-end and were thrilled with our accomodations at The Muse Hotel. Every employee we encountered was super nice and helpful....the rooms were spacious and clean....wonderful bathrooms...extra-comfy bed....fast elevators....perfect location. We will definitely be returning to The Muse Hotel on our next visit to New York City.	
Sep 20 2006 	To Each His Own	We stayed at the Muse for 5 nights from 8/31 thur 9/5 andcontrary to the last review we were quite pleased. We bookedthe Muse based on a very good rate found on Travel Zoo andthe reviews of others at this website. Our room located on the14th floor was on a front corner of the hotel giving us windowson two sides which made it both bright and we had a satisfactory view down 46th street. The room was large enough and very clean although somewhat sterile. The bathroom was more than satisfactory with nice soaps and lotions. Our only real compalint was only one chair in the room. Of course, with two people, one person must sit on the bed if you spend any time in the room. According to the receptionist, Kimpton plans on refurbishing and upgrading to their standards towards the end of the year. which hopefully will improve the decor and fix the chair situration. They don't need to do anything with the bed, linens or pillows which are all above average. Also, the room was made up promptly every day. The wine reception every evening and free coffee in the hotel's restaurant(except Monday's) were nice touches. We would definetly return to the Muse and highly recommend itwith the caveat that a higher floor might improve your overall perception..	
Sep 7 2006 	Some Problems	The Muse has some positive things. It is much more intimate than the bigger hotels and the wine reception was nice. Also a nice bathroom. The problem is the bedroom. You cannot control the air conditioning so it is too cold alot of the time. You can't see out the windows unless you crawl up on a ledge and then they are so dirty I really couldn't see much. Also I'm not sure why but the air was so dry for both of us. I was ready to leave after 2 nights. It is a good location but there are many better hotels in the same area.	
Aug 19 2006 	A GREAT place to stay!!	My boyfriend and I spent 4 nights at the Muse after researching and finding great reviews. We were not dissapointed!First of alll, the location is excellent. Right in the heart of Midtown where taxis and subways are always nearby and most attractions are within a few blocks walk. Secondly, the price was very reasonable (I had a AAA rate) and the whole stay was just over one thousand dollars. And finally, the staff and facilities were great! Everyone was more than helpful and friendly, especially Steven at the front desk. They were always helpful with any suggestions and very happy to fufill any requests (which were few). The beds, as everyone else has stated, were SO comfortable...the best of any hotel I have every visited. The room was not large, but a good size for the city, however, the bathroom was very large in my opinion. The soaps were lovely as were the complimentary robes and New York Times. The next time I visit New York City, the Muse will be the place I will most likely stay.	
Aug 2 2006 	The Muse was super!	We just spent 3 nights at the Muse and it lived up to my high expectations! Our flight was late which delayed our arrival and caused us to miss our Sex and the City Tour, but Carlos at the front desk took care of rescheduling it as soon as we got there. He was most helpful! I highly recommend one of the rooms with a balcony. The bed was without a doubt the MOST comfortable hotel bed ever. I would stay at the Muse again.	
Jul 29 2006	FANTASTIC!! (The Muse)	An absolute gem! Nestled right in the heart of Times Square, the Muse is beautifully decorated and has everything you need to make your stay in New York a treat (wonderful bathroom robes, a to-die-for comfy bed, and even an umbrella tucked into the closet for bad weather). They provide complimentary coffee in the morning, free wine tasting in the evening before dinner, and the Staff /Doorman are all friendly and extremely helpful. This hotel is a real find! And we will be back in the fall!! Thanks again from Brian and Carolyn (Montreal	
Jul 24 2006 	As comfortable as ever!	I live in NYC, but needed to stay in a hotel this past weekend. This is the second time in the last couple of years that I've stayed at The Muse and I just love it. The beds and linens are so comfortable. The bathrooms/bathtubs are perfectly sized and lovely. I especially like the L' Occitane Verbena soap and the the bathrobes. I actually thought the room service from The District (the hotel restaurant) was better this time than the last. Try the thin crust pizzas. If you have time...I always love Tintol the Portuguese restaurant across the street. Great wines!The Muse is super dog friendly. One day I was out and left the dog there with the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign. Someone from housekeeping left probably the nicest message I've ever gotten from a hotel staff person. They offered to come clean the room until 9:30pm that night. That is just so nice.If you are visiting NYC and want to be in the heart of the city...the location is so great. You are in Times Square, but off on a side street so it isn't as crazy. You are close to everything...the subways, museums, theater, etc. If you can get a deal on a room...I say go for it. The rooms are decent in size. The gym is fine, but not huge. I would say that a deal here would be $225 or less on a king deluxe room. You wouldn't feel like you are being ripped off.The lobby can get crowded with large groups trying to check in---but it is a rare hotel in NYC where this doesn't happen. The staff certainly seemed to be on top of it and working as quickly as possible. One note: I thought the whole hotel was wireless, but it is just the lobby. In the rooms you do have a high speed connection at the desk and it is around $11/day. That is the one thing they need to update in the hotel.	
Jul 17 2006 	Not for this business traveller	As an infrequent (once a year) business traveller to NYC, I have yet to find a hotel that caters to the business traveller that does not cost over $400/night. Located in the Theater District, I had little aspirations that The Muse would be a great business hotel. As previously reviewed in Trip Advisor, the staff are great, especially the concierges. The rooms are nicely decorated, with special touches in the bathroom. Hot water is hot, and cold water is cold; not often the case in NY hotels. Nearby is a great place for breakfast, The Euro Cafe, at 46th and 6th. Free wine from 5PM -6PM was a nice touch, although I did not take them up on it.On the other hand...Some things are out of the hotel's control. The neighborhood is noisy with garbage trucks serenading you at midnight; the guests equally noisy at the same hour as they return from a fun night out on Broadway.However, the air conditioner was extremely noisy, and not just in my room. Management should look into installing central air, if technically feasible. Also, there was significant dirt and dust in the air conditioner return air filter. I wouldn't have minded so much except it is located right next to the desk where I tried to work. I left a note for the cleaning service to clean the filter, but this note was ignored/unread.All in all, I would recommend The Muse to the business traveller who cares more about location than noise. Perhaps a good set of earplugs would remedy the problems that I encountered. And for the non-business traveler, it is a good hotel in a great location.	
Jul 16 2006	Great Hotel and Superb Staff	We found this hotel online, what an amazing hotel with superb staff....Lauren and Holly were some of the best conceirge's we have found, they even got us seats to a sold out show to Jersey Boys. Have a great time at a great hotel.	
Jul 10 2006 	Hip hotel with few flaws...	The Muse is a hip little hotel in a great location. Within walking distance of Times Square. I had to travel to NY on business and brought my mom along since she wanted to visit NY. Here's the scoop...first the good...as I said, great location and clean for the most part. We had a junior suite reserved on Travelzoo and it was quite large enough with a BIG bathroom. The bed was fantastic, wonderful linens, comfortable mattress. Had 2 TVs in room, sofa, sitting chairs, bathrobes, wardrobe and the ever expensive mini bar which we didn't use. Room was pretty quiet; I had the fan on which helps cover up outside noises as well. Now for the downside, fortunately nothing major... check in time was at 3pm. We arrived right at 3 and had to wait almost 45 minutes since we were told the room wasn't ready. The doorman had to check with the front desk 3 times for us. The radio/allrm clock had issues and I couldn't get it set. We called for room service and he came promptly to fix it. He couldn't fix it either and brought us a different radio/alarm. Some dust around base of furniture and on bedside stands, but other than that, it was pretty clean. The worst flaw was the view. OMG - we looked out at a roof covered with what looked like garbage, burnt materials, ac units, scrape metal, etc... Kept the curtains closed to block OUT the view. It made the room pretty dark, but then again, we were only in the room at night and out all day so it really didn't matter all that much. But really, for the prices they charge in NY, this room should have a huge discount for such a horrible view. I would stay at this hotel again though.	
Jul 9 2006	Great Spot in the Theater District	My wife and I stayed here for several days over the 4th of July holiday. The Muse is a welcome respite from the crowds only a half block away on Broadway. Our visit was great - we were very pleased with the experience and will definitely stay here again on future trips.The room itself was as large as most standard rooms across the country and far more spacious than typical Manhattan hotels. Linens and pillows are among the best of any hotel we've visited. The bathroom was well laid out and my wife enjoyed the plush robe. We were fortunate to be on a relatively high floor and experienced almost no noise from the streets - a rarity in the city.The staff is terrific - everyone was courteous, friendly, and service oriented. Complimentary wine in the afternoon was a great way to unwind after a day of activities. Housekeeping was unobtrusive and first rate.We never saw the attached restaurant very busy. Prices are generally high and we didn't eat there. But with all the dining options within a few blocks, this is a very minor note.It's rare to get consistently good service these days, but the Muse delivers. It's a great value for the money.	
Jun 22 2006	A gem in the heart of Times Square	Just got back from a trip with friends to NYC . Since we were all celebrating birthdays, we wanted a place that made us feel special and settled on the Muse in Times Square (because of all the great reviews). We were not disappointed. The staff couldn't have been more accommodating, pleasant and attentive. Everything about The Muse was wonderful - The feather beds with down pillows, the sheets that felt like silk, and most importantly, the cleanliness. We weren't afraid to walk around our room in bare feet (unlike other hotels I've stayed in!). The carpets looked new and everything sparkled and smelled clean, not only in our room, but the lobby as well.The Muse is within walking distance of everything. Many celebrities use this hotel we were told by the staff (Danny DeVito was there last week). I can see why. It's intimate and feels more personal. Our floor had only 4 rooms on it. No long, noisy corridors. Just quiet, comfort. The rooms on the floor below us had terraces with great views of the city. I've decided that when I return to the Big Apple, I will only stay at The Muse. I've been informed by the concierge that The Muse will be undergoing a renovation of the guest rooms this year. I can't imagine that they need to change anything, but look forward to seeing what they do to improve an already perfect, little European-style hotel.	
Jun 18 2006 	Great location good value	The Muse is well-located in Midtown New York and so it's got the so-called cons you might expect because of that: some noise, a lobby that tends to be full of more people than it was designed to hold, etc. This is not a luxury hotel -- but it is more than acceptable compared to the hovels where you'd pay the same rates. For my king room price of $400 you get an impressively comfortable bed with sheets so soft I looked for a tag so I might get them for myself at home, a very generously sized room, and now that The Muse is owned by Kimpton, the coffee/wine/cookies offerings that are standard at their properties. The fitness room is acceptable and the staff were very quick to bring a new hairdryer when I found that mine didn't work -- with wet hair and 20 minutes before needing to get to my meetings.The restaurant downstairs is average but well-priced and the staff were exceedingly pleasant -- no NY attitude. Don't expect a world-class culinary experience (the cheese plate has Maytag blue and an anonymous Parmesan) but it was fine for this business traveler dining alone.I have stayed at the Muse twice for business and would stay here when traveling on my own dollar.	
May 25 2006	absolutely LOVED the Muse	WOW WOW WOW ... what an incredible place to stay in New York City.Before we arrived we were in contact with the conceierge. Great recommendations to shows and restaurants and upon check-in everything was set and reservations were kept. The staff was extremely helpful in every way. Any questions we had asked they were answered with confidence. I was expecting a smaller room but once we entered we were very pleased to see a hallway leading to separate living area... tons of storage space and the free in room safe was a great touch.We stayed on the 17h floor, a King Deluxe room, so noise was never an issue. 2 tv's - one in the living area and one at the foot of the bed. oh and the bed... even more comfortable than the one I sleep in at home!! The bathrooms were spotless, even the soap was good (a coment made by my fiancee). Every night we were offered to have our bed turned down and were delivered chocolates and ice. The morning paper was always on our door step when we woke up. We ordered room service for breakfast each morning and it was delicious!If ANYONE has anything bad to say about this hotel I don't know what kind of golden sheet you wipe your behind with but I found that The Muse exceeded all my expectations. Some guys review complained about not having 2 robes, we didn't even use the 1 but if you wanted 2 all you had to do was ask.When I go back to NYC I don't even want to consider another hotel. We stayed 3 nights and wished we stayed longer.Steps away from Times Square which is basically the heart of the city.Thank you soo much to all the staff at The Muse who made our stay one we will never forget, most especially to Marty and Lauren. It truly felt like we were guests at a friends place and not a hotel.... very well done!!	
May 7 2006	Disappointing and Average	Having read favourable reviews on The Muse and checked out their web site which obviously made the place sound appealing, we took a chance for 2 nights whilst in NYC for a wedding. We were disappointed. The experience was fairly average and we wish we'd paid, frankly not much more (once taxes are added), than we paid here and opted for a a Five Star luxury hotel. The (all black attired) staff on our arrival were fairly indifferent, and although simply decorated in grey/green wallpaper the overall effect made the hotel room dark and ordinary. Our room got brighter with the addition of some natural light after we complained about the grungy bathtub and were moved from fifth to fourteenth floor. The non slip base of the bathtub in this room still looked grungy and stained and the mildew stained sealant around the bath didn't add to the appeal. The bathroom sink's pleasant limestone surround gave a feeling of newness to an obviously tired bathroom. There was only one 'odd' cream bathrobe for two guests (one shouldn't have to ask for two if two guests are checking into a king size room) which I guess matched the unattractive cream shower curtain. The room seemd clean, the bed very comfortable although the top sheet had two holes in it and things like slippers and newspapers never made an appearance. A coffee maker in the room is a plus but a small bottle of water from the mini bar at $5.45 is not! In it's favour, the hotel, in spite of being full was surprisingly quiet. Though convenient for our purposes and quite central, the street the where the hotel was located wasn't that pleasant. The hotel restaurant where we had breakfast was fair. We wouldn't stay here again as in relative terms it's expensive for what you get. The 79 Park Avenue is also part of the Kimpton group and on a nicer street and a brighter location and was in fact less expensive. This might have been better and we'd originally booked here but then needed an extra night which they didn't have. Our experience of 'Boutique' hotels has sometimes been that they often don't quite hit the mark they intend to and it's maybe better to go all out and opt for a Five star or pay less and go for a regular, reliable chain of Hotels, where you don't expect too much and can be pleasantly surprised.	
May 1 2006	A great location	We stayed at The Muse Hotel on 46th Street, just half a block from Times Square, over Easter weekend 2006. A very convenient location, walking distance to Rockefeller Center, MOMA, Diamond District, Times Square, Theater District and Restaurant Row. The staff were exceptionally nice and helpful. The room was an &quot;executive king&quot; and one of the largest hotel rooms I have seen in New York City. Booked ahead on the internet and got a good price. Although close to Times Square the street noise was negligible in the room. Lots of restaurants in walking distance as well. They offer a package if you are traveling with your dog, too. Would absolutely stay here again.	
Apr 28 2006 	Nice stay terrible billing problem	A great place to stay when on business, but a billing problem unresolved after two weeks has soured me. Easy check in with friendly staff, nice quiet &amp; comfortable room, and an easy walk to dinner and my meetings is why I went to this Kimpton hotel. The next day, I got a bill for over $2400 for the night's stay -- an obvious mistake with accounting using my credit card for another's company meeting. Daily promises of a fix have produced nothing but frustration. Good-bye Kimpton for me and my company.	
Apr 25 2006	Nice clean hotel in great Times Square Location	Stayed at the Muse for a long weekend in April. Hotel is located half a block from Times Square on W. 46th Street between 5th and 6th. Arrived at the hotel at 7:30 AM after an early flight, checked in and left our bags. They took our cell phone number to call when our room was available, which was around noon. For planning purposes, the hotel is closest to the 42nd Street/Times Square subway station, and also easy walking distance from 42nd Street/Port Authority.We had a corner room on the 14th floor, facing 46th Street. Street noises seemed louder than we normally hear when we stay in Times Square, but it is to be expected staying so close to the action. Room size was comfortable; amazingly comfortable bed and pillows!! New York Times is delivered to your door daily; housekeeping was quick to straighten our room. Turn down service both nights we were there; a special treat in a big city.Checkout was the fastest I've ever experienced. Cabs are plentiful on the street, so that was never a problem. We felt we got a great deal in NY for $199 through Travelzoo. We would stay there again, and I would recommend this hotel.The Expedia pics on this page are a fair representation of the hotel rooms...I didn't realize there weren't any room pictures, or I would've taken some.	
Apr 13 2006	Great location and friendly staff	What a great place to stay in New York , after looking at this site and comparing lots of other NY hotels we were delighted with our choice . We arrived earlier then the regular check in time but the receptionists were very friendly and found us a room in just a few minutes , Nothing was to much trouble for them . Our room had a king size bed which was probably the comfiest hotel bed I have ever slept in !!! There was some noise but I guess in NY this is inevitable and it certainly didnt keep us awake at night.The room and bathroom was spotless. The location was fantastic and literally 2 minutes from Times Square . A few other reviews have comented on the size of the rooms being small but trust me you are so close to so many great sites , bars &amp; restaurants you are not going to be spending much time in your room anyway , Our room had ample storage and space and was dinitely as big as the the average UK hotel room .	
Apr 11 2006	Large Rooms for NYC	We booked a King Deluxe room via Travelocity for a very good price and were delighted with the size - good by any standards but great for NYC. I loved the bathroom too and the toiletries were great. Instead of chocolates they provide biscotti when tidying the rooms which was a nice touch. Excellent location (just off Times Square) and extremely quiet. Definitely try the deli across the road for a convenient and good breakfast. We did not eat at the hotel so can't comment on the food but the bar never seemed open. The Irish pub next door always was and very lively so that was not an issue. The reception staff were efficient but not hugely friendly. The doormen were very helpful and more approachable. Slight disappointments were that the view from our window was of a brick wall and the room was very dark. Also, they seem to have done away with the signature bed covers so the decor was more generic which was a shame. Would absolutely stay there again.	
Feb 22 2006	Great Business Travel for a Single Woman	The Muse was small and intimate. The doorman watched over me and had great conversation as well as the concierge who spent 40 minutes telling me the hot spots over the phone before I arrived. The beds were heavenly and I heard the size of the room was above New York average. The bar in the hotel was small and hip. The entire hotel had a hip flair. I enjoyed the quiet stay after a busy day of business. The amenities were nice; like a robe, dryer and aromatheraputic tolietries. I also enjoyed the CD player in the room. It felt like home very quickly. I would of liked a bit more light in the room during the day. The window coverings were not the greatest. I did hear a tad bit of street noise at night.  All in all it was a homey and safe stay for me in an ideal location in Times Square. One half a block away the world was my oyster. The Italian restaurant right next store is terrific. I ate there 2 nights. I also highly recommend Havana Central directly across the street for some amazing live Cuban Salsa music and Sangria. My Valentine's Day was made complete when I saw Mr. Big in Times Square. I got my own Sex in the City Tour! I attended the Toy Fair and was there during &quot;Blizzard O6.&quot; Snow in manhattan, it was like a dream come true. It was a trip to remember. Thanks Muse! Enjoy!	
Feb 22 2006	Great	Unless you are looking to be super critical of the hotel, it is difficult to see why anyone would not be happy staying here. Good sized rooms, great sized bed!!, nicely fitted bathrooms and all the services that we could have wanted. Having stayed at the Muse shortly after opening it was nice to go back and find it well established - with the planned refurb I expect it to be equally well equipped when complete, at the very least. The staff are all excellent and David was particularly helpful in helping us decide where was good to eat etc - he is a credit to the house. So maybe the restaurant isn't to your liking - HELLO!! go out into the best city in the world and take your pick, I'm led to believe New York has one or two small restaurants kicking around! Your room was too hot...OPEN THE WINDOW A LITTLE. You dont like the colour of the carpets...the list could go on if you really want it to. Having stayed here twice now and in other hotels in the area, I can not speak highly enough of it. See you again soon.	
Feb 21 2006	Unique hotel	This hotel has a lot of personality. I loved the eclectic feel of it. Much more unique then the Hilton or Marriott. Sure, the rooms are small, but let's be honest...they all are in this city, unless you want to drop $500 or more a night. The bed was very comfortable, and the location is excellent. Good value for the money, by New York standards.	
Feb 20 2006	Surprisingly nice hotel convenient location	My husband and I stayed at the Muse February 18 and 19, 2006 while we were in New York to see two shows. The hotel was surprisely attractive and the location was unbeatable. Our room was small, but there was plenty of room for our belongings as well as a full-size TV, and desk that would have been large enough to work at if we'd been on a business trip. There was also an ample-size closet. The bathroom was fairly large, with plenty of room for us both. The king-size bed was as comfortable as other reviewers have described. We were in room 1207, which faced 46th Street and was quiet during the night. We were close the the theaters, but not in the middle of Times Square, and also within comfortable walking distance to Mid-town/5th Avenue. I'd recommend this hotel, and stay there again myself -- for the price, its really a great deal!	
Jan 23 2006	Good deal in Times Square	I decided to stay after reading the mixed reviews. What I really like is that they will match rates you find on any site, so I got a king deluxe for $179. This is a large room for *any* city, not just NYC. The staff were very nice and our room was clean, appeared recently renovated, and pretty quiet. The location was perfect for what we wanted. I read all these wonderful things about the bed. Meh. It was quite comfortable, but not the best thing I've ever slept on. I'd stay there again.	
Jan 23 2006	Great night's sleep	My wife and I stayed at the Muse this past Saturday to see a show and spend our first night away from our baby. Needless to say, comfort and quiet were our primary concerns. The Muse delivered. Very comfortable bed, no street noise, decent sized room with a great bathroom. We had no problems or concerns at all.	
Jan 17 2006	Location can't be beat	My wife and I stayed at this hotel mid-january. Went to a show on Friday night(Avenue Q...surprisingly clever) Hotel room was small but this is manhattan, what do you expect? Room was clean, no complaints with the bed or furnishings. Bathroom was fine, again, hotel standard. Rugs could use replacing. I had no problem with noise, but our view was of the high school next door. The real beauty of the place is the location. Walked to everything, theater, dinner, Times Square, St Patricks, Rockafeller Center, 5th Ave stores. VERY convenent!We stopped in the bar after the theater and though small, it was very comfortable....my wife loved the chocolate martinis. We had dinner Saturday night at The District, it was wonderful, a real delight, we both highly recommend it.One criticism, we asked the concierge about local caberets and were met with a blank look and eventually sent to a cheesy place down the street. Find your own fun, don't ask the help.Overall a nice weekend at a nice little hotel.	
Jan 15 2006	great location tiny rooms	We usually stay at New York Palace in NY but decided to give the Muse a try both due to a good price ($179 vs $295 at the Palace on this Sat in Jan)and a convenient location (had tickets to two Broadway shows in 36 hrs). I lowered my expectations realizing that this is not going to be the Palace.The rooms are tiny - you can almost touch the wall on one side of the bed, and it is about 1 1/2 steps to the other walls. The linens and bedding are above average, though, and Gilcrest and Soames toiletries are quite nice. The tub is tiny and the rest of the bathroom is Holiday Inn looking.The worst is the sound proofing (or lack thereof) - there was a loud conversation in the room next door after midnightand then someone was banging on the door somewhere around us screaming &quot;Open the door&quot; in the middle of the night.Just after 9am housekeeping was knocking on all the neighboring doors saying &quot;Good morning, housekeeping&quot; - they did not knock on ours but it sounded as if it were our door every time. I realize 9am is not exactly early but it was Sun morning, and we had wanted to really sleep in.Overall, stay for the location and the bedding - and a good price if you can get it, not much else to speak of.P.S. Had drinks and appetizers downstairs at the District - nicely decorated but our drinks were mixed up twice.	
Jan 4 2006	very nice	stayed at the muse Dec 28- Dec 31. Lobby was very nice but very small. Rooms were also nicewith comfortable beds and a marble bathroom. It wsn't wow by any means but the location and comfort were perfect. The Tv is off to the side which is a bit annoying. They really need a plasma right on the wall. If your looking to stay in a nice hotel right in the middle of Times Square and the Theatre Dist. this is it. If you want big go to the marriot marquis.	
Dec 5 2005	Location Location Location!!!!!	What a great location, just round the corner from Times Square!! Considering how close you are to Times Square there was no noise either. The hotel was lovely, and the rooms were a brilliant size (ideal for all those shopping bags!!) Reception staff a bit odd but concierge were lovely. Would defiantly go back!	
Dec 4 2005	Gets the job done but there are better hotels	My firm uses the Muse to house clients, and I recently stayed there. I was disappointed and will not recommend it to my clients. In Times Square, I recommend the Hotel QT on 45th St. for cheap/cool rooms or the W Times Square for expensive but impressive. For a similar price as the Muse, the Gansevoort in the Meatpacking is a far better alternative for trendy/sleek accomodations. (All of these hotels are often sold-out, so plan ahead.)The Muse gets the job done, but it is basically a dressed-up Holiday Inn with a theatre theme. The target demographic appears to be age 45-65 tourist women, as the hotel has a distinctly feminine feel and does not have the cutting-edge design of other NYC sleeps. The small lobby is cramped, and the limited baggage staff mean bags were left piled-up near the door. The location is on a grimy sidestreet, though this avoids the zoo-like scene at places like the hopelessly-touristy Marriott Marquis and Westin Times Square, whose service represents the worst of New York attitude.The Muse's rooms are small--don't trust the claim that their rooms are larger. A Chinese menu was slipped under the door, which makes me wonder about security here. The beds are fabulous with excellent feather duvets. The window was small with limited views. Furniture and carpet are a bit dinged-up and have suffered some wear &amp; tear given what I would expect for Muse prices. The bedstands are laminated wood, kinda cheap and generic. Nothing innovative or with cutting-edge design. Toilet paper is cheap, hard, and cardboard-like. Bath amenities are typical Gilchrist &amp; Soames. Housekeeping knocked twice (at 9AM and 10AM) the morning we checked out... they are far too eager and (apparently) poorly trained. Put out the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign. Best part of staying here: the bellman who hailed the taxi home was very friendly.Overall, you're paying W, Gansevoort, or Ritz prices for a fancy Marriott or Holiday Inn. Either pay half the Muse's rates and stay at Hotel QT or get your money's worth at one of NYC's better-quality boutiques.	
Nov 28 2005	Almost as nice the second time around	We just returned from a Thanksgiving vacation at the Muse. It was a very enjoyable stay. The pros of the hotel are location, boutique feel for a reasonable price (we paid $289 for a holiday weekend which I thought was a good deal), large rooms (we had a corner room that was quite sizable) free NY Times, good (free) morning coffee in the lobby and nice toiletries. We found the staff to be friendly and we experienced no noise problems though there is construction scaffolding on the front of the hotel. I do have to say that the hotel has begun to show its age compared to the last time we were here a couple of years ago--the walls are getting banged up, there was a lot of mold in the tub grout, etc. What we remembered most about our stay from the previous time was the excellent service to the rooms so I was disappointed this time when we only got turn down service two of the three nights we were there and a delivered paper on two out of three mornings. Finally--and this really made me mad--on our last night there the housekeeper took the turn down treat I had saved from the previous night and put beside some personal papers and books and put it back out on my pillow instead of giving me a new one. Almost $300 a night and they can't give me a new cookie???	
Nov 28 2005	The Muse -Best Hotel In Time Square	My husband and I wanted to do something different for Thanksgiving and decided to go to Time Square, New York and see the Parade. As a suggestion from my friend at work, I made reservations at The Muse Hotel in Time Square. WE HIGHLY SUGGEST THIS WONDERFUL HOTEL. When we got there after the parade, the front desk staff were eager to help and gave us a room in their 19th floor with a balcony.....beautiful. Very spacious room for New York. I cannot stop talking about our wonderful experience in New York City. By the way, while you are there go to the District Restaurant for Breakfast it was delicious and again the staff was wonderful. THE MUSE THE BEST.....	
Nov 28 2005	Great hotel in a superb location	The Muse is really good quality from the minute you walk in and sit at the reception desk to check in to when you leave - the easiest check out I've every had.In advance, the Concierge promptly answered e-mails with questions relating to transport, tourist sites and recommended restaurants. The room was spacious with a great bed and beautiful marble bathroom. Only complaint was it was too hot at night - but better that than freezing! Didn't eat in the hotel as too many other places to explore. Quite pricy with no breakfast included but I believe it's in line with the rest of Manhattan for that quality.	
Nov 23 2005	Like a studio apartment	Of the five hotels at which I've stayed in Manhattan, I was most comfortable at the Muse. At times during my three-night stay, I had the feeling that I had rented a studio apartment rather than a hotel room. The feather bed was warm and comfy. The roll-down curtains sustained darkness when needed--perfect for a West Coast visitor who likes to sleep late--and opened to a view of midtown skyscrapers. The room was quiet. I never heard my neighbors, though I met some at the elevator. Yes, there was a little street noise: occasional sirens and church bells, but after all, this was New York. I also heard sirens while seated inside Carnegie Hall. Garbage trucks did roll by at 5:40 a.m. on Friday, but they were gone in a couple of minutes, and I easily fell back to sleep. The room was a bit small--too small for me to do stretching exercises, but the black marble bathroom was surprisingly spacious, and I could stretch and take a bath in there. I surely did not miss the large loud lobbies, slow elevators, and stale old rooms of the hotel giants. The Muse was just right for a single traveler!	
Nov 23 2005	Fantastic	I stayed at The Muse with my friend. We had a twin room with two double beds. We both agreed they were the most comfortable beds we had ever slept in!! The hotel is in a PERFECT location. Walking distance from Times Square, Empire State Building, Broadway, 5th Ave. The room was very big and comfortable. Although close to Times Square, was not noisy or light. The staff were helpful and friendly. My only criticism would be the cost of phonecalls from your room. BE WARNED, get a phonecard. I would go back here and would recommend it.	
Nov 21 2005 	Simply outstanding.	A great hotel with a perfect location. Staff was prompt and courteous. Room was large and very clean. Bed was like sleeping on a cloud. I honestly could not be happier with my stay and this will definitely be my first choice in the future.	
Nov 14 2005 	Great Hotel!	I'm relectant to write this review, because this hotel is one of those best kept secrets in NYC. I was tasked with finding a hotel to stay in for a business meeting. What a find! First, the hotel is situated in a great location. You are within walking distance of Times Square, Broadway shows, The Diamond District, Fifth Avenue, Central Park, Rockefellar Center. The rooms were great...they were very clean, cozy and spacious for NYC. The beds were something else...you felt like you were sleeping on a cloud!! We ate in the dining room for lunch and also had breaks during out meeting. The food and the service is very, very good. No complaints were uttered by anyone in the group. The overall ambiance of the hotel is wonderful. It's quaint, yet sophisticated. The staff was very personable, prompt and accomodating. Is there a down side to this hotel?? Just two small items...the street noise at 3:30 a.m. when the grabage truck comes is annoying...night two I turned on the A/C with the fan to drown out the noise..so night two I slept like a baby. The meeting rooms are on the small side. The next time, we will pick a week when the larger meeting room is available. As you can see, we will definitely be going back!!!!	
Oct 30 2005	A Great Find	I lived in NYC for years, and after deciding to take my husband on his first trip to the Big Apple I searched long and hard for the perfect hotel - I was looking for something small and intimate under $400 per night with all of the usual amenities and a central location. I usually prefer an independent, &quot;artsier&quot; place to the larger chain hotels but I also don't like to experiment when I'm spending this kind of money. However, the descriptions I read of The Muse piqued my interest and I decided to take a chance, booking a standard room with a king sized bed for our five night stay.When we arrived at about 11:00 pm on a Tuesday night, concierge/bellman Igor met us at the front desk and was extremely friendly, helpful and courteous as he escorted us to our room, on the way providing us with a &quot;Time Out New York&quot; magazine which was very useful. Much to our surprise and delight, the hotel had upgraded us to a deluxe room with a HUGE balcony (almost unheard of in New York). The room was extremely clean and decorated in an understated, attractive and modern theme. For a New York hotel room, it was large with plenty of room for myself and my husband and a LOT of luggage. The bed was EXTREMELY comfortable and the room was unbelievably quiet considering its' proximity to Times Square - we heard little to no street noise except on Saturday night when a band played at a nearby Irish bar, and we only heard that because we had our balcony door open.The hotel is in fabulously close proximity to all of the Broadway theaters, good restaurants and subway stations. Although we did not eat at the hotel (too many other choices), there is a restaurant there called The District which has gotten excellent reviews and based on the menu sounds fabulous. Most of the staff was very helpful and attentive, although some of the front desk employees were a little icy, which certainly could have just been a function of how busy they were. Overall we had an excellent experience at The Muse, and my only issues are somewhat insignificant in the scheme of things. For one, we could not control the temperature in our room despite the presence of a thermostat, and had to sleep with our balcony door open to keep from roasting at night. I also think that the hotel should provide free in-room internet connection in the more deluxe rooms - for the price of the room it seems a little tacky to charge $10 per day for &quot;noon to noon&quot; (an utterly inconvenient schedule for travelers who need to handle morning business matters) service. In short, I highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking for proximity to the theater district in an upscale, intimate setting. This probably wouldn't be the best place for families with small children (stick with the bigger hotels), but for everyone else The Muse is a great choice!	
Oct 28 2005	Good Hotel Great Service Excellent Location	My husband and I spent our Anniversary weekend in NYC and stayed for 3 nights at The Muse. The bellman, Igor, was suberb in describing the nearby restaurants and showing us around our room and the hotel. We stayed in a corner Executive King on the 8th floor with windows overlooking 46th towards Times Square. While the room was not luxurious by any means, it was large and well-appointed. I have stayed in NYC many times, and I have rarely seen a room of this size. Yes, we heard some street noise, but it was very manageable. More importantly, we never heard any noise from our neighbors or from the nearby elevator bank. The locaiton is perfect for walking in NYC! Additionally, we had easy access to cabs and the subway.I highly recommend this hotel and will stay here again!	
Oct 28 2005	A great place to crash	I booked the Muse as part of the 40th birthday suprise for the missus. I had not seen the reviews prior to booking otherwise I may have gone elsewhere. Lucky me eh!It was a great place to crash. A spitting distance from Times Square, right in the middle of the action but tucked away so that when you did fall into the very, very comfortable beds noise was not an issue. In fact the only two negatives I found with this hotel was that we had a room on the second floor next to the gym so that early in the morning (before 08:00) all you could hear was the health freaks bleeping away on their poxy bikes, steppers, whatever and the crappy view of side alley and fire escape, oh and the tatty bath OK that makes 3 negatives. However the room was a decent size, the beds were fantastic and the soaps etc were of a high standard. One of the things I had read before going over was issues with stroppy staff. Well all I can say is that the guys on reception were professional and attentive and the concierge/bell hops were both friendly and more than willing to sort things out for you. For us they made the stay there a bonus.Would I stay there again, Yes but I'd look for a cheaper deal as it's quite pricey for what you get.	
Oct 17 2005	Muse-ick to our ears....	My husband and I took our two children to the Muse in July of this year. I was initially hesitant to take two small children to a hotel with such a &quot;boutique&quot; feel, but we took a chance. I couldn't have been more pleased. The front desk personnel were very attentive and friendley. The room was larger than most NY hotel rooms. The bed was large and VERY comfortable, with high thread count sheets and a down comforter. The black marble bath and lux bath products were a big plus.  We did not have a problem with noise, even being in Times Square. I would highly recommend The Muse to anyone planning a trip to NYC.	
Oct 12 2005	really great experience	We stayed at the Muse on Friday October 7. Booked our reservations online and everything went smoothly. It is in a great location on 46th street only a block from Times Square. Barbara checked us in and made my fourteeen year old daughter feel so special as it was her first trip to NYC! Our room was very nice and well appointed; nothing was inoperative and seemed clean. We were on the 19th floor and neither of us heard a single noise inside or outside the entire night (we slept from about 12:30am until 9:00am). One of the concierges (Lion?) got us some great last minute seats to a Broadway show through a broker and the tickets were delivered to us at the hotel within an hour or two! The checkout was a breeze. A bell man went way beyond my expectations and stood in the rain to get us a taxi to the airport. I can't say anything bad or negative about this place and so much enjoyed our stay there. Next time we are in NYC, we are staying there again!	
Oct 6 2005	Should get much more at this price	I expected the noise of Times square, but the staff SHOULD HAVE WARNED US ABOUT THE EARLY MORNING CONSTRUCTION CREW RIGHT OUTSIDE THE WINDOW!!!! Even a courteous warning - or a set of earplugs - would have been nice. If you're satying here, stay away from the crappy rooms on the second floor that just lokk out at a crack alley and fire escape (there's a reaon they keep the curtains closed). When they upgraded this hotel, you can see where they skimped (no double glazed windows, kepts the old tub with chips rather than replace). The room itself was nice and the bed, I must admit was FABULOUS! But I think they need to be better with customer service to ne a 4* hotel.	
Oct 5 2005	Just gets better	I, along with 10 other guests, recently visited The Muse Hotel to celebrate my daughter's 21st Birthday. We were all thoroughly delighted with all aspects of our stay; The accomodation was excellent, the staff were very courteous and went out of their way to make our stay as enjoyable as possible, and the location was perfect - Quiet enough to relax and unwind but only a stones throw from the centre of Broadway. The Manager of the District restaurant even re-opened the restaurant after closing up so that we could enjoy a Birthday meal. Hotel experiences can spoil a holiday, but this one ensured that the birthday weekend will never be forgotten...	
Oct 2 2005	Extremely pleased with The Muse!	We were a bit worried before we left the UK as to what to expect from The Muse. We have high standards when it comes to accommodation, and the mixed reviews here concerned us. Our priorities were cleanliness and space - we considered we were at least paying for this. I have to say that The Muse did not let us down. The room was HUGE, as was the bed. The batheroom was spotless and modern. The decor wasn't brilliant but the room was by no means shabby. There were a few stains on the carpet but this was barely noticeable. Overall we were delighted with our choice of hotel. We had a complimentary copy of the New York Times delivered to our door every morning without fail. The housekeeping staff were very friendly and attentive, and we always received a greeting when we met them in the corridors. The reception staff were formal and carried out their job professionally, just what you would expect from a four star hotel. It is right in the hub of things, a step away from Times Square; an excellent location if you want to be where all the action is. However, on our second trip to New York City we will be staying somewhere quieter. Nothing against Times Square, but it is a bit crazy. If you love (and I mean LOVE) crowds and traffic and noise 24 hours a day the theatre district is the ideal place for you. The constant buzz of Times Square is with you even when you're dreaming! If we could take The Muse and drop it somewhere downtown we would stay there again.	
Sep 16 2005	Avoid at all costs	Described as a boutique 4* hotel in NY one would expect at least basic standards of cleanliness and courtesy. However, both were severly lacking. Stained carpets and bedding, discourteous bellman, who refused to order a taxi as he was about to start his break, and suggested we instead take our bags to the end of the street as we could catch one there and an incompetent reception, who answered phones whilst simultaneously seeking to answer my questions on 5 separate occasions in one day and who failed to send up extra bedding, despite my calling 3 times in one night. With such a choice of hotels in NY you can easily find a better option. Do not stay here!!	
Sep 11 2005	One to Avoid!	I stayed at The Muse after having my bid accepted by Priceline. I was quite excited when I visited the website but my expectations were dashed upon arrival. When checking in I was put into a one bedded room even though I was travelling with a friend. When I asked to change to a room with two beds I was told that it would be an additional $100 PER NIGHT! Having spoken to the manager I was informed that &quot;The Muse&quot; does not offer two bedded rooms to third parties, such as priceline, for the low cost price. If you wish to have a room with two beds you must pay extra, something which is not mentioned anywhere on the website. After negotiating an additional charge I was given a one bedded smoking room with a sofa bed, not quite what one would expect for around £200 per night. The staff seemed to lack any form of common sense and were more often than not too busy playing with their headsets instead of attending to customers, or more specifically, doing their jobs.The gym was convenient in that it was open 24 hours however consisted solely of a couple of running machines and an exercise bike. The soap was unique quirky but only expect to receive one bar for your entire visit.The television was old and there was no sign of a DVD player which the user guide said the room contained.	
Aug 22 2005	Good Weekend Choice	We just got back from a weekend stay at the Muse. I had been skeptical, mostly because of the mixed reviews the hotel received. The hotel exceeded my expectations. We were there for my birthday and a theatre weekend, so the location of the hotel was ideal. The staff was accommodating even prior to our arrival, helping me confirm dates and room selection (thanks, Lauren!) The bellhop was welcoming, as was the attendant at the front desk. During the stay, I would also have an encounter with housekeeping, and that, too, was both friendly and helpful. I felt everyone went out of their way to make us feel welcomed. The room was a bit smaller than I had expected, but it was spotless. As others noted, the toiletries were wonderful, and the decor was very aesthetically pleasing, both in the room and in the bathroom. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in. We were on the 12th floor, so there were basically no traffic sounds. When we got back to the room from dinner, housekeeping had been there. The bed was turned down, and the ice bucket was filled (nice touch). On Sunday morning, a complimentary copy of the Sunday NY Times was outside the room. Checkout isn't until Noon, so we lounged around until after 11 with no hassle from housekeeping. For us, this was an indulgence, but we really felt the hotel had been a good choice.	
Aug 8 2005	2 thumbs up to the tall bellhop	We just got back from a stay at the Muse. We were greeted at the curb by a very courteous bellhop who we found to be very helpful through our whole trip – 2 thumbs up to the tall bellhop!. Upon walking through the revolving front door we found the people behind the desk to be very friendly. The linens (duvet) on the bed as well as the featherbed was out of this world. The special body scrub soap &amp; a bathrobe was a nice added touch. It was only 1 minute to Time Square so the location gets 2 thumbs up. The only draw back to the hotel which is no fault of there own is the noise level from the nightly trash pick up always in the middle of the night to the New York Cabbies honking their horns continuously. I bought a pair of $3.99 ear plugs that solved the problem.If you enjoy the nightlife I recommend “Yogi’s” $2.50 beers located on Broadway &amp; 76th St	
Aug 8 2005	Very pleased with our weekend stay at the Muse	First heard of The Muse here on TripAdvisor and based partially on these reviews we decided to give it a shot for a brief weekend trip where we wanted to walk to both the theaters and MOMA. We were not disappointed.The Muse might not stand out among hotels in other cities. I wouldn't call the rooms huge, or the staff experienced; but for a New York hotel, it was quite nice, and perhaps even exceptional when price is taken into consideration.Echoing positive comments made by others:- the location is outstanding- the hotel was quiet- the decor is tasteful- common areas and rooms are modern and well-maintained- the bathrooms are large for New York- there are surprisingly high-quality soaps, etc.- the beds are very nice- turn-down service was prompt &amp; ice buckets were filled- the staff was friendlyA small thing that stood out to me: Many small New York &quot;boutique&quot; hotels have 1 or 2 tiny, 50-year-old, un-ventilated elevators. There's nothing more frustrating than waiting 10 minutes several times a day for the opportunity to cram into an elevator with a capacity of six. Not a problem with The Muse, which has three large, modern elevators. The concierges were extremely friendly and willing to help, though they were young and inexperienced and we passed on some of their recommendations. Bottom line: If you want huge rooms, great views, plasma TVs, and 5-star room service, you need to jack up the price range a bit, but for what it is, I'm very pleased with The Muse, and will stay here again without hesitation.	
Aug 2 2005	slightly disapointed	After all that I had read about the Muse I was expecting more... The staff was very icy, ten dollars to bring wine glasses to the room, no extra robes to be found (we needed two), old TV, older bed, and the room was not as special as advertised. I would never stay there again. The location was great and the room was quiet, that is all the positive comments that I can make.	
Jul 25 2005 	Lovely Intimate Hotel	Having lived in New York for a number of years we were delighted to find the Muse, a lovely intimate hotel where one does not have to compete with a never ending stream of guests, whether it be in the bar, restaurant or front desk. The rooms and common areas are comfortable, clean, modern and quiet (albeit dark). The beds and duvets are comfortable and quality soaps and music are provided. The staff is ready and able to assist. Room service is prompt, although elevators are not (allow a bit of extra time as they can be slow). Please know that we have stayed at the Muse on four separate occassions and quality remains consistently high. For those who travel for business it is near subways and it is easy enough to avoid Times Square. For those who travel to NYC for pleasure it is close to theaters and just off Times Square. The Muse provides a lovely respite after a busy day, whether professional or personal.	
Jul 19 2005	Spacious and Gracious	Just returned from 4 nights at The Muse and everything was perfect. Once you walk through the front door, it is impossible to believe you are only half a block from the noise and crowds of Times Square. Our king room (on the 14th floor) was large (more than enough space for 2 people) and quiet. There wasn't much of a view, but that wasn't why we were staying there. The room and spacious bathroom were spotlessly clean and tastefully decorated.Every member of the staff we met, from the front desk to housekeeping, was friendly and professional. When we returned from the theater every night, not only was the bed turned down, but the ice bucket was full and the towels were fresh. If you're in NYC for the theater and museums (as we were) it is hard to imagine a better hotel. I signed up for the e-mail specials on the hotel web site and got a great rate.	
Jul 19 2005	Love the Muse	My daughter and I have stayed at the Muse three times, and I am surprised by some of the very negative comments posted by guests. Times Square is a very noisy area, so I think it is unrealistic to expect that a hotel located in the heart of the theatre district will be quiet, but I have not experienced an uncomfortable noise level during any of my stays. The location is wonderful for theatre and dining, and is convenient to the subway for other excursions. The bed is one of the most comfortable that I have slept on, the room is plenty large for two people (the last two times we also had a pull out couch in our room), and the bathroom is great...especially the Baudelaire soaps which we now use regularly at home. We did not like the bar (very pricey and unfriendly) and have not dined in the District. The staff is efficient and responsive. Since our focus when coming to New York is on seeing shows, the Muse continues to be our first choice for lodging.	
Jul 18 2005	Not worth the $$$...	When we walked in to check in the man and woman at the &quot;front&quot; desk were a bit too busy to look up. There was no greeting and no smile which is unusual for the hospitality industry in New York. The room was nothing too special for $289 a night. I've stayed in better hotels in New York for less. The only saving grace was the soap and the bellhop who was the only person happy to be working in the hotel.We had an unusual request as that we were going to a wedding the evening we checked out. The hotel gave us the standard late checkout till 1 PM. I explained our unusual circumstance and asked if we could have a later checkout. I was willing to pay if necessary (though under similar circumstances at a Hilton in NC for another friend's wedding I was accomodated with a 3 PM checkout at no extra charge). I was told that my wife and I could use the washroom in the reception area. I spoke to another manager whose only suggestion was to pay for another night at a cost of $289. I think $100 would have been a compromise to get the room for another 3 hours but the manager didn't agree.All I can say is that having stayed at &quot;luxury&quot; hotels around the world The Muse was quite disappointing in servicing the customer.	
Jul 13 2005	Livin' 	I just returned from a 3 night business trip to NYC. Like many others, I went thru Hotwire to secure reasonable 4 1/2 star lodging in NYC and ended up with The Muse. I immediately went to tripadvisor to read the reviews. After reading all the reviews I decided I was not going to be concerned and would arrive with a positive attitude. I did love the decor. Lobby was very modern and inviting. Lovely couches with great color. The staff welcomed me curbside and again (by name) at the check-desk. The soap was wonderful! I actually requested to purchase several bars @ $8 ea. It is located in a great location near Times Square, Theatre District, Bryant Park, etc. My issues started the first night...I was forced request a different room...the deodorizer was so strong that I smelled it with every breath I took (and it was not a smoking room). The second room was better. It must be the fragrance in the cleaning supplies. I will say that they were very accomodating and apologized. The first shower in my new room was riddled with dark mildew in the corners of the bathtub. I don't think I have ever stayed in a hotel with mildew in the shower. Not good! Rather than complain to mgmt I kindly pointed it out to housekeeping when I saw her and requested that she remove it. It was there the entire stay. The view from my room was a small patch of sky and the rest was the Jackie Kennedy High School locker halls. I agree with a previous reviewer...the windows looked like that had not been cleaned in years! I chose to keep my shades down the entire trip. I ate breakfast at The District inside the hotel and it was fine...not great. The bar is very small but warm and friendly. The pizza was WONDERFUL! All in all...Hotwire said The Muse was a 4 1/2 star...I would say it's a 3 1/2 star trying to be a 4 1/2 star. Would I stay there again...not at $228+...maybe $150. Livin' &amp; Lovin' NYC	
Jul 6 2005	Pretty Cool	Room was available very early 12 and we were not forced to wait. The room was clean and there was a bucket of ice awaiting our arrival that remained full and frozen for the duration of our stay. Have real neat herbal soaps and lotions in room.  From the reviews, I was expecting a large room and I really was not impressed by it's size. I found it bigger than other boutiques that I have stayed at in the city but it was not larger than typical hotel rooms that I have stayed at. Location is off of side street which means it is quieter during the evening but it is only seconds away from everything-- trains, Times Square, Madison avenue, food. The name of the street that it is on was called Little Brazil!A GREAT RESOURCE WAS ------ to locate a parking garage instead of using pricey hotel parking.	
Jul 4 2005	Nice but a rather cool front desk	We arrived at two am for check-in due to a late flight arrival. We found the front desk people rather uniformly cool and not eager to help. From time to time the bell staff was more friendly. Our room was on an airwell but well appointed and comfortable and quiet. We thought perhaps we got the lowest quality due to the fact that we booked via Hotwire. But I can't say that the rate we got was a knockout value.We would never stay in the Times Square area again. The hotel WAS an oasis in that sea of tourists and sewage smells.	
Jun 29 2005	somewhere in the middle	nothing really wrong; however nothing very special . staff was responsive , but not really attentive. room nice , and did have great bathroom toiletries and bed was above average. view to fireescape was not pleasant. it was tasteful , not elegant . location very convienent , but so are many hotels . probably would not go out of my way to stay again. stayed here because i used priceline and got it for 200.00 dollars per night	
Jun 27 2005	Anticipatory Service is Evident	Though I did not choose to stay the Muse Hotel, instead deciding upon the exquisite Waldorf=Astoria, it was near the top of my list for choices. When I saw the unassuming front door to the hotel on the way to theatre, I was quite glad that I had not decided to stay there, but did decide to eat in its restaurant.District, which serves all three meals in a theatre-like environment, was perfect for 'pre-theatre dining'. While we managed to eat a scrumptious and complete meal, service was very efficient and extensive. The 'anticipatory service' about which the hotel boasts became evident, as we were trying to rush off to The Glass Menagerie but needed to have our dinner rapidly but enjoyably. The staff at the Muse Hotel restaurant expected this.I was quite amused about what I saw in the lobby. Retrospective black rotary telehpones could be found on coffee tables that held the New York Times and other local newspapers. The sit-down check in also looked as if it would be an interesting experience. If, for some reason, I tired of the historical and traditional sense that the Waldorf=Astoria creates, I would certainly resort to the Muse Hotel. From other reviews, I trust that the rooms are lovely and the entire stay would not be dissimilar to my dining experience there.	
Jun 27 2005 	Great Boutique Hotel in Great Location	I stumbled upon this hotel by reading some reviews on several sites. I have been to NYC upwards of 20 times and always stay at the Doubletree in Times Square or The Plaza. Afterall, if you've been to one large hotel chain, you've been to all of them. I wanted to try something different. The location can't be beat. 4 blocks from the subway, half a block from Times Square, 2 blocks from 5th Avenue and Rockefeller Center. Room wasn't ready when I got there early, but they asked me to wait and came over and let me know when it was ready. I got a call 5 minutes after being in the room to make sure everything looked good. The bed was like sleeping on clouds...the most comfortable bed ever. Nice bathroom and nice linens. Only two complaints....street noise and they missed a wake up call one morning. It ended up not being an issue, but if we would have had an early flight we may have been in trouble. We let them know and they sincerely apologized and were sure to not miss it the next morning. As for the street noise, it isn't like they can help it. It's just something you have to deal with and get used to. I would definitely stay here again if the price were under $300. I got it for $249 on expedia for a Friday and Saturday night. I'll be back.	
Jun 20 2005	Nice hotel in Theater district	The Muse was a nice hotel in the center of the theater district...in walking distance to most theaters. It was overall very nice. Very nice bed linens, comforatable bed, and nice bath towels (on the contrary to what other reviewers say). We also got a very nice price from hotwire.com on the hotel. However, it really isn't a 4 star hotel, like they claim to be on expedia. It is more like a 3 or 3.5. It just doesn't have that extra something to push it up to 4 star.	
Jun 14 2005	If they just cleaned it up a bit and took a shoppi trip to a bed and bath shop	I wanted to like the Muse..The staff was not friendly and the bed and bath linens were very old and the room was not very cleanunder the bed was very dirty!. There was a urine smell in front of the hotel. It is a GREAT location but bring earpluggs if you are not used to city noise. It would be a good thing to just have them in the room for guests!	
Jun 6 2005	Made to feel special from the get-go	When the first words you hear when you enter a hotel are, &quot;We have upgraded you to the executive suite&quot; you know you are in for a great stay. This contemporary hotel is 1/2 block from Times Square, but out of reach of the maddening crowds that prowl the street. The rooms are quiet and refined. The comforters were some of the nicest I have seen. Even the soap was first class. A very nice touch is that they don't have a formal check in counter. Rather you are greeted by two concierges seated at their desks, ready to help you. There wasn't a request they couldn't handle. When we return for our next theater weekend, The Muse will be at the top of the list of hotels we would consider.	
Jun 6 2005	No Complaints- Great Little Hotel just off Times Square	Our 14 yr old daughter and I just returned from a delightful 72 hour &quot;Power Shopping&quot; trip to NYC to celebrate her graduation from middle school. We had a blast and The Muse Hotel made things even better. Reggie, the bellman directed us to the Red Flame Grill a quick few blocks away (44th @ 6th) for a yummy breakfast of belgian waffles. It's a busy diner with very reasonable prices.As previously noted, the hotel is right off Times Square on 46th. Obviously, a great location if you want to take in the touristy sights or enjoy Broadway or drop off the many packages from shopping 5th to SoHo. We stayed in Rm #1204 (Deluxe King) booked off of Hotels. No noise. No problems with the room or towels. Comfy bed, fluffy pillows and sizeable marble bath. The rate was only $249 and literally booked the day before we checked in. We felt safe and very well serviced. There was a minor snafu when the hotel charged us again for the prepaid room, but it was quickly rectified with a plethora of apologies.Returned to JFK via A+ Car service; request &quot;Fausto&quot; for your driver. He's very pleasant and made a traffic jammed transfer fun. The rate was $77 plus tax. We taxi'd from JFK to the airport for $49 plus tip. All in all, no complaints! Would definetly recommend the Muse and will return myself.Here's to you New York! New York!	
Jun 2 2005	A good experience. . .	The rooms are much more spacious than in typical NYC hotels. The place appears recently and nicely renovated with clean, tasteful furnishings and spacious, marble-lined bathrooms. Though our junior suite, toward the back of the building, didn't offer much of a view, it was quiet and certainly got plenty of daylight. And one of the windows could even be opened if we opted for natural breezes over air-conditioning -- a real plus. Also, nice to have the New York Times (even the fat Sunday edition) automatically delivered outside our door. The location's central (near to theaters and midtown), though not the exactly the hippest, but for those of us who detest the chaotic hustle + bustle of Times Square, it's easy to access this hotel from the eastern end of the block (Sixth Avenue) -- rather than from Broadway. The downside? Well, the service leaves something to be desired. For example, a chambermaid tried to enter our room while we were in bed at 9 am on a Sunday morning -- even though we'd posted the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign. And when we needed extra towels one night, we had to call downstairs 3 times and wait 45 minutes. But otherwise, our stay there was a positive experience.	
May 31 2005	How did it get ****?	We stayed at The Muse because of its proximity to Broadway Plays and from the recommendations given through this site. It is one half block from Times Square. We read all reviews and chose to remain positive about the hotel until we had actually experienced staying there. Well, now that we have spent seven nights there...here goes. Yes, it is a very small boutique hotel. The guests are extremely polite and quiet (no hall noise). The staff is polite and accommodating...housekeeping was especially helpful. Our room was located on the fourth floor fronting the street. Previous reviews complaining of excessive street noise were right on target. Luckily for us, I had packed our nifty &quot;sound soother&quot; to block out the banging of the garbage and delivery trucks so we had no tossing or turning or sleepless nights. Our room size was adequate but quite dark and dreary. Two days out of seven we had to telephone housekeeping to replace a light bulb in the same bedside lamp. Believe me, when one light goes out in the room, it makes a noticeable difference. A big negative for me was the quality of the bath towels delivered to our room. They were clean but terribly worn. In fact, one bath towel was so worn it had holes in it big enough for my hand to go through (Really!). However, once I brought this to the attention of housekeeping, they replaced the damaged towels. There is nightly bed linen turn-down service with complimentary Biscotti treats. There were two of us in the room but most nights only one Biscotti was left for the two of us to share. (NO big deal, but for $300 bucks a night you'd think each guest would receive a tiny Biscotti biscuit).Will we stay here again? No. There is a well-known four-five star hotel located directly on the corner of Broadway and 46th facing Times Square. We decided to walk over there and see what we could get for the same price we were paying at The Muse. The difference was unbelievable. The room size is twice that of The Muse (no more bruises from bumping into furnishings). All rooms at the competitor are spotlessly clean, light and airy, with no street noise (Of course, the rooms are located on higher floors). The staff was more than willing to let us do our impromptu comparison. When we return in December, we will be staying at the competing hotel.	
May 30 2005	Location..location..location!	If you're looking to be in the heart of NYC, this is the place to stay. The rooms are very clean and the hotel staff is very friendly. This botique hotel us definately a &quot;must stay.&quot; Strongly recommend! The bar is small and quaint but good for a drink. I can't wait to go back. There were three girls in the room and we had plenty of room!	
May 29 2005	what a pleasant surprise!!	My husband and I just got back from spending Memorial Weekend in NYC, staying at The Muse Hotel in Times Square. We live in upstate NY and travel to the city a lot, so I can safely say The Muse is the most comfortable, quiet hotel I have ever stayed in in NYC and has the most luxuriously large rooms (HUGE by NYC standards) I've ever experienced too. The staff was friendly and helpful, the bathrooms were gigantic (bigger then my one at home!), the bed had a pillow-top mattress and was very comfortable. We were on the &quot;backside&quot; of the bldg, off the street, and though I always travel with ear plugs, I didn't need them! It is walking distance to all the fabulous restaurants and Broadway theatres. We will definitely go there again, no question!	
May 16 2005	Nice hotel	We stayed at the Muse on Times Square in April 2005. The location is good - right at Times Square. We walked to St. Pat's Cathedral, Fifth Avenue shopping, Central Park. We also walked to a Broadway show - no problem. Good casual dining across the street at Rosie O'Grady's Irish Pub. We didn't like the menu at the hotel restaurant - very swanky and pricey. The service was ok - we had to wait in line to check in but it was relatively painless. We ordered drinks from the bar one afternoon to take back to the room. $10 for the worst margarita I ever had. I couldn't even drink it. The room itself was very small but very nicely appointed. The decor is modern and very new. The bathroom was gorgeous and the soap was amazing. I know that sounds odd, but we took the unused portion of the bar of soap home with us - it was that good! It looked funky - I even joked to my husband that if we got hungry we could just eat the soap because it looked like food. It was green and looked like it had nuts or something in it. All I know is that it made my skin softer than ever. Enough about the soap. We got the NY Times everyday which was nice too. All in all I would say this is a nice hotel for couples or business travelers. Definitely not for families. We paid $250 a night for our room which I thought was high but I think by NY standards it was about right.	
May 6 2005	The Muse - fantastic location	This was our first visit to New York - therefore we opted for a hotel close to Times Square, the Muse Hotel did not disappoint.The location is excellent - approximately 300 yards from Times Square and the theatre district, 2 blocks from 5th avenue (shopping area) and an easy stroll from Macy's and Central Park.We had an executive room which was spacious and had the benefit of a very comfortable bed and small sofa. The decor is very modern and clean, with a large bathroom and quality bath products.We are aware of other reviews commenting on the noise from the street. We had 3 windows onto 46th street and had no problems with noise.	
May 5 2005	COMFORT AND VALUE	The Muse offers excellent staff along with spacious rooms and great beds. We stayed there four nights and loved the location and the people working there. I would highly recommend to anyone!	
May 4 2005	Great Place!!!	We stayed at The Muse March 30 - April 2 2005. We had gone to NYC on a sightseeing/theatre trip. The place couldn't have been better. When we arrived (at noon), we were told that our room wasn't quite ready, but the GREAT bellstaff took our bags to storage. We arrived back at the hotel at 4pm, our bags were waiting for us in the room. We had a GREAT room on the 12th floor.....decent-sized per Manhattan standards. THe bed was excellent. The bathroom was awesome, as were the bath amenities. High windows afforded a small view over to Times Square (1/2 block away), and another view east on 46th St. But we didn't stay at The Muse for the view - the location was perfect for our needs. Across the street is a little deli (so you don't have to spend a fortune on the stuff in the mini-bar), and the nearest subway is about a block. After a full day in NYC, we had NO problems going to sleep. I heard no terrible noises. One MUST keep in mind that this hotel is in the center of the busiest city in the world, so SOME noise is expected. But quite frankly, I didn't hear a thing. If noise is an issue for you, I suggest asking for a room on an upper floor. But...we had NO issues with noise at all. The good-sized umbrellas in the room came in VERY handy, too!We had a TERRIBLE experience with a car service we hired from JFK to the hotel(Carmel Car Service, the driver drove 35 MPH in the left lane on the Van Wyck, nearly had a half-dozen accidents, was on his cellphone swearing for half the trip, and got LOST in Manhattan...I had to tell him how to get the the hotel!)....so for our return trip to Newark, I asked the bellman about my options. He told me that he can get me a taxi (for about $65, including tolls &amp; tip) or a hotel town car for a flat rate of $90. We chose the towncar. No pressure to take the hotel's car service. I don't remember our driver's name, he was a young guy....and he was excellent. We made it to Newark in about 50 minutes, in traffic.I cannot imagine anyone not loving The Muse. When we return to NYC later this year, we will definately stay there again.Our rate for 3 nights was around $900.00. Not bad for a beautiful hotel right in the middle of the theatre district.	
Apr 29 2005 	Piece of heaven in complete ciaos.. Gotta Love NYC!	I loved this hotel, the location is awesome, 20 steps from Time Square, restaurants and bars. Within 2 blocks of every possible show... it just does not get any better then this! The staff are very friendly and helpful... if you want incredible service ask for Lauren, she makes miracles happen. The District Restaurant is wonderful, great feel and delicious menu... service was quick and fabulous.The rooms are large by New York standards, dreamy beds with down duvets and down pillows.... very comfortable. Loved the nightly turn-down service. My co worker and I (both travel agents) loved this hotel so much we are taking a group of 90 travelers here in October.Can't wait to see the Muse in 6 months!	
Apr 27 2005	A class act all the way	Check-in and check-out were effortless, the room was quiet (12th floor), spacious and comfortable, and the staff was gracious. The housekeeping staff was friendly and considerate.We were never pushed to use a car service; cabs were cheerfully hailed at all times.We did not try the restaurant.One complaint: the back bar is cozy enough, but there's so much noise from the connecting hall to the kitchen that it's hard to relax.If this hotel were another block away from Times Square and all its accompanying foolishness, I'd give it SIX stars.Recommended.	
Apr 14 2005	theater district haven	just came back and felt compelled to offer my sincerest kudos for the muse hotel. in four nights (5 days) i never experienced one false note, not one moment of annoyance or disappointment with the staff and/or the accomodations. perhaps those that experienced loud street noise were in rooms closer to the street (we were on the 11th floor) or were light sleepers. the room, itself, was spacious by new york standards; the bed was perfect (by my taste) -- feather pad on top of mattress, down pillows, heavy coverlet. we had taken a red-eye from los angeles and were in dire need of a good night's sleep. we were not disappointed. turn-down service complete with almond biscotti. if you are in new york for the theater, the location of the muse hotel could not be better: walking distance to almost every theater; a block away from times square; 2 to 4 blocks away from most subway lines. every single staff member was friendly, pleasant, eager to help with directions, reservations; they seemed genuinely interested in and committed to your satisfaction. (no, really, i don't work for the hotel!) the muse was an important part of our having such a wonderful trip that we've decided to make new york and the muse hotel an annual event. ;-)	
Apr 12 2005 	Nice but nothing to write home about	Not going to go in to great detail.... great location in the heart of Times Square. Room was okay size but not super clean. Kind of old and showed a little sign of wear.Staff was freindly but a little militaristic, dressed in all black. Formal but not the most inviting feeling. Lobby is cool with a unique approach to checking in. See other reviews for details.One small fun tip. After you exit the hotel, go left to Broadway. There is a TGIF on the corner. Right next to it, above the video/camera store there is an earthcam. Have one of your freinds, family or anyone else you know, logon onto: earthcam--------------------------. They can see you standing there. Kind of fun. There are also several other cameras posted around the same area of Times Square too. So.... in nutshell, it is a descent hotel, okay rooms, a little noisy... but heck it is New York... honking horns and all that.... , descent service, and great location.Enjoy and email me if you have any questions.. .I'll be happy to try and help out.	
Apr 5 2005	Very impressed with The Muse	We stayed overnight at The Muse on March 30th. I was very impressed from the start . We found the staff to be extremely courteous from the moment they opened the door for us. When we checked in we were told , to our surprise, that not only was our room ready at noon but we were also upgraded. The room was extremely spacious, clean and comfortable. Although it was rather noisy outside, it is in the heart of NYC ( I had a very noisy night at The Plaza once too, so it is an obvious way of life in NYC). The location was perfect for restaurants,theater and shopping. We would absolutely recommend it and stay again.	
Apr 1 2005	Perfect for Our Honeymoon	Stayed at the Muse for five days in early March 2005.I spent a lot of time finding the right place to stay near 'the action' in NY and we were not disappointed - The Muse was perfect. The location is ideal for Times Square, only 20 seconds away, theatres, MoMA and Central Park are all within very easy walking distance. Relaxing, quiet and private feel to the hotel and restaurant (The District).Staff never failed with good directions and arranged everything we asked, even arranged a limo (by UK standards) to JFK for $60. The staff were all very attentive without being overbearing the whole time were were there. After some criticism over dinner one evening we were offered dinner the next evening 'on the house' - we were most surprised, but they obviously pull out all the stops to please.The room we had was very well appointed and tastefully decorated with a lovely bathroom, super bed and all the mod cons. Although only two floors up from the street, it was surprisingly quiet, certainly you had no idea Times Square was so close. A problem with the heating in our room was soughted out almost instantly.We loved the decor in the public rooms, a cross between Art Deco and something else. Will definitely be back here when we next vist NY.	
Apr 1 2005 	Run! Don't walk from this high-priced sleep-depriver	On March 30th, I checked in to The Muse for one night, in advance of an important business meeting the following day, having read favorable reviews of the property. All seemed to go reasonably well (as it ought, for $400+) until around 10:00pm. Thereafter, AND FOR THE ENTIRE DURATION OF THE NIGHT, until about 5:30 am, it sounded like someone was dropping dumpsters from the rooftops of the surrounding buildings (Interspersed with the occasional back-up buzzer of a garbage truck, and various bangings of uncertain origin--in fact, my bed sometimes shook from the vibrations). At about 5:00am, I dragged my bedding into the bathroom, hoping I could score at least an hour or two of sleep...but to no avail. Sleepless, I checked out around 7:30am and dragged myself, half delusional and bleary-eyed, to my meeting.This was a wretched experience. Perhaps it isn't all the hotel's fault, but it really didn't matter to me at that point. All I could think about as I schlepped to my meeting, was the sleep I didn't get. If, on the other hand, you don't need to sleep, I suppose The Muse would be alright. (Although the windows looked as if they hadn't been washed in years and the room was so small, the mini-bar door wouldn't even fully open without hitting the bed. Additionally, they didn't bother to note my room number on my breakfast request (and blamed me) so my breakfast never arrived.) My advice: pick a different neighborhood, get some sleep, and save yourself a lot of frustration.	
Mar 28 2005	Inspired to stay elsewhere...	The Muse is a pretty little boutique hotel that thinks a bit too highly of itself. The rooms are clean and comfy, and the bathrooms are spacious, but for the four diamond rating, and the $$pricetag my husband and I were very disappointed in the staff and the service.The Muse touts their full service accommodations, but They only offer one car service to the airport--$75 plus toll and tip. You can take a cab for $60, Call a private car service for $50 (we love Carmel!) or take a shuttle for $20 per person. If you wanted anything other than the one option they offer, you have to make your own arrangements. The restaurant closed at ten. The concierge gave us bad directions twice. We asked for directions to a cafe that was two blocks away and got half-hearted directions in the opposite direction. Housekeeping was hit or miss. We only recived turn down service one of the three nights we were there, the hand towels were never replaced after our first night and we ran out of bathroom tissue. After a dinner reservation problem, the hotel manager offer us complimentary breakfast. The comedy of errors continued, the order was wrong and then IT APPEARED ON OUR BILL. We booked the hotel accommodations on the hotel website and thank goodness we brought our reciept--we got a bill for the amount of all of the accomdations. We thought we straigtened it out, but when we checked out, the woman at the front desk (the same one we had &quot;cleared this problem up&quot; with earlier) asked if we wanted to put it on our Visa...The hotel is on 46th (Though they use their mailing address which is on 47th--making a bit tricky to find for first time visitors)None of this is the end of the world--but if you are planning a special get away to New York City--where there are a thousand hotel options--there is no reason to settle for less than perfect. Don't spend your trip annoyed and frustrated like we did; find a hotel other than the Muse to splurge on.	
Mar 23 2005	I enjoyed staying at this Hotel	I just returned from my first stay at The Muse NYC on 3/22/05. The room was clean and the bathroom was big and clean. The amenities included honor bar, in room safe, iron, bathrobe, and luxury style bath products. The king size bed was very comfortable. The staff was freindly and presented themselves professionally. The hotel offers a vallet service ($43 if you want it). The street noise was audible from my room (5th floor, facing front of hotel) but hey, it's NYC. The location is excellent located within the heart of the theater district and off of broadway. The room size was the average size for NYC hotels but overall, I enjoyed this hotel and I will definately stay there again.	
Mar 7 2005	Location was great - service was excellent	Myself and a friend stayed at The Muse the First weekend in March 2005 - This is a very contemporary hotel. Very tastefully decorated with an extremely comfortable bed.... and the location is perfect... walking distance to all the cool times square restaurants and theatres... AND there were some cute men working there! Overall great experience - would definitely stay again and recommend	
Mar 2 2005	Top spot in mental city	My wife and I just returned last week from the muse and must say it is a little haven of relaxation in a pretty hectic city. We looked forward to getting back into the large super comfy bed after a day walking from cite to cite. The place is spotless, cool bathroom and soap, excellent turn down at night with ice and lemon biscuits. Room was quite and spaceous. The hotel is in an excellent loaction just 30secs from time sq but it dosent have the super busy feel of times sq. Would strongly recommend. Note for reasonable breakfast take a right, 20 secs up the road on the corner is europa cafe. A decent pint of gunniess and meal across the road at rosy o'gradys. All in all - 8.75/10.	
Mar 1 2005	would recommend for NYC stay	I stayed at The Muse for one night in March. My work put me up there in a snowstorm. It is a cute boutique hotel with a hip lobby. My room was better then expected..the bed was very comfortable. I got a corner room on the 11th floor so it was very quiet, the only negative was that it was a smoking floor..and you could definitely tell from the room smell. The bathroom was huge and there were great large sized, quality bath products. They also have two bathrobes for use while staying there. There is a restaurant and bar off the lobby. I did go to the bar and it is small, but a nice atmosphere and the staff was friendly. They even gave a co-worker a free drink for his birthday. The room was also fairly large, and I was told that it is big compared to other NYC hotels. There were two double beds and a desk.The only problem I had was that my wake-up call for work was 25 minutes late! I have never had that problem before, so I suggest setting the alarm clock in the room also to be safe. I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially for 20 or 30 somethings...or single travelers. It is also in a great area for theaters..46th between 6th &amp; 7th.	
Feb 22 2005	Service Location Comfy (Feb 16-21)	Some of the reviews I read initially made me hesitant to reserve a room here, but I am so glad that I ignored the negative reviews and reserved a room anyway. As a means to gauge what we're accustomed to, we stay generally at the W, Four Seasons and the like. If I had to compare, I'd actually, overall, rate the Muse much higher.We arrived at 7am, which is clearly way before check-in; however, they were able to accommodate us and get us in our room by 10am. My husband was very pleased of course. We never once got the impression that anyone was pressing for a tip, and to be quite frank we didn't tip the doormen for a number of things they did that were unsolicited. For instance, one hailed a cab - which we had essentially already handled, he helped us put the luggage in the cab, and did not wait for a tip, but said have a very safe trip and walked away.True, the windows do allow for a bit of a draft, and during the winter months that can be chilly if you fail to turn on the heater. However, we found that the heating system worked extremely well, and thus never even noticed a draft.If you have ever stayed in New York, then you are well aware of the tiny 200 sq. ft. guest rooms most offer, and The Muse definitely offers a lot more space than the average. The bedding has to be, by far, the MOST comfortable hotel bed I have ever had the pleasure of sleeping in. The hotel is kept very clean. One reviewer indicated that they found the housekeeping services to be rather intrusive and we felt very differently in that regard. Housekeeping was very good about NOT knocking on our door first thing in the morning - or at all for that matter. We hadn't even hung the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign, but we were never once disturbed by housekeeping. We also enjoyed the turndown service when we returned in from an evening out which also included them emptying any additional trash and replacing the used towels. When we return to NYC in the summer, we will, undoubtedly, stay here again.	
Feb 8 2005	Heavenly Bed. Excellent Service.	Exceptionally comfortable king-sized bed. Clean, quiet, well-appointed room. Sublime bathrobes. Tasty turndown biscotti. Charming, professional staff ready to help with anything. Simultaneously sumptuous and cozy. So close to theaters and restaurants. The Muse is what a boutique hotel SHOULD be. We loved it and plan to return.	
Feb 6 2005	Great... but cold and staff too eager for tips	Went for our honeymoon to Muse on Jan 22 for a week and were amazed by the way certain staff were so money motivated. Due to not having change on arrival, we gave the doorman an over generous tip, which led to us been hounded by him to help us in any possible way to gain another tip. Other doormen seemed very helpful and friendly, however that tailed off when they realised we weren't needing cabs or help from them on a regular basis, to result in extra tipping!The icing on the cake was on our departure when we were badgered into using their private car service to the airport. When we rejected their first offer, they delayed returning our bags to us until we committed to their pricey service thus refusing to get us an ordinary cab, which still would have resulted in a tip for them.On the plus side the hotel's location is great and bed was very comfy. On the cons side, the windows meant the room was pretty drafty and our room on the third floor smelled of garlic due to the vents from the restaurant. The cleaner service was also a bit over intrusive and the cleaner persisted in laying my brand new glasses face first on the table, to leave me with some lasting scratches to remember. Overall, great location, and a nice boutique hotel, if you ignore the doormen, have transport to the airport previously arranged and don't mind a room with a breeze.	
Jan 31 2005	Fantastic	Our second time to New York and after a rather bad experience at the Gershwin in 2004, after much research on Trip Advisor we decided to go with The Muse and weren't disappointed.We arrived in the middle of the worst blizzard in NYC for 10 years and the bell boys were there right away to get us inside and into the warm as quickly as possible. Check in took just 5 minutes.The room was fabulous, the bathroom amazing (fantastic products too), the bed the most comfortable ever and the location was just spot on!I would recommend this hotel to anyone. I think the few bad reviews that The Muse has received must be from people who haven't got a good word to say about anything.	
Jan 26 2005	great service	My husband and I met my mother in NYC and stayed at the Muse last year. We traveled with our dog, Hero, an Akita. The service was phenomenol. We were greeted by name upon entering the hotel without even checking in yet. The hotel lives up to its claim of asking for anything and it will be accomodated. The entire staff was great, personable, helpful etc. Provided excellent concierge services. The location can't be beat. Our room was extraordinarily comfortable and the bed was fantastic. What a great experience!	
Jan 20 2005	Muse...Nice but Noisy!	Spent 2 nights at the Muse (Jan 17 &amp; 18). We got a rate of $219/night...not bad by NY standards.Our room was on the 8th floor. The room was fine...big enough but nothing special. The bed was great! Housekeeping was OK...no turndown 1 night....don't know what was up with that.The room was noisy...lots of trash trucks, etc. If noise is an issue for you, you'd be better off staying somewhere else. We stayed at the Sofitel last March. It was a great hotel.... very quiet. But they were charging approximately $100 more per night, so we decided to try the Muse.Overall, I was satisfied. But, I'll stick with the Sofitel....if I can afford it!	
Jan 19 2005	First Time Visitor- no complaints!	As first time visitors my wife &amp; I were a little anxious about the quality to expect. We needn't have worried. We were there a fortnight before Christmas &amp; although the rooms were cool, they soon heated up.Rooms were average size and all amenities were to hand.Having stayed in several hotels in Europe the Muse compares very favorably &amp; we would recommend it fully. Excellent location by the way!	
Jan 19 2005	Just Stayed at the Muse	My wife and I just stayed at the Muse for a night away for our anniversary and enjoyed it very much. The Muse is an intimate, chic hotel just steps from Times Square. We very much enjoyed the smallness of the hotel as getting in and out and getting the attention of the staff was always easy. We felt that we benefited from the central location but didn't have to deal with the hassle of huge hotels like the Marriot and Westin.We were upgraded to a Jr Suite that was very nice. My wife loved the bed although it was too soft for my taste. The room was very nicely done and spotless. The sitting area in the suite was nice but I don't think I would have paid for it. The bathroom was very nice and chic but they don't supply a hair dryer. The toiletries that they did provide were top notch.If you're coming in to town and want to stay in the heart of the city, I think that the Muse is a great alternative to the big chains. The Broadway theaters were literally a 5 minute walk. There are good underrated restaurants right on the same block.If you're wondering what show to see, see Avenue Q. It's fantastic.	
Jan 10 2005	Loved The Muse	Stayed at the Muse with my husband for a one night getaway. We were looking for a hotel under $200 a night (booked on line through hotel website), a friend recommended it to us and we were pleasantly surprised. Beautiful lobby, attentive staff, big rooms. Some reviewers mentioned noise, we were in room 1406 which was a corner room and very quiet. No problems with the temperature, windows were a little drafty, but as soon as you put the heat on the room warmed right up. NY Times delivered to your door and Italian Biscotti on your pillow at night. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 2 2005	excellent stay at the muse	Our family of 4 stayed at the Muse Hotel in Manhattan from December 31, 2004 through January 1, 2005. The location is one half block away from Times Square, so it was very convenient for Theater and also for the New Year's Eve celebration. Security was very tight on 46th Street. We are from Long Island, New York, so we regularly visit Manhattan and have stayed at a number of the better hotels. The Muse is definitely perfect for Theater Goers.The rooms were exceptionally large, we had an executive King room for the adults and an executive double double for our kids. The &quot;executive&quot; rooms are well worth the slightly higher extra price.For a hotel so close to Times Square, it was reasonably quiet in the room as long as the windows were kept closed. The only problem we encountered at all was that it was difficult to maintain the temperature in the room to be just right. It tended to be a little too warm in the room, but the air conditioning unit is a little too close to the bed in the King unit, so you are forced to choose between sleeping with the air conditioning on, blowing right on top of you, or leaving it off and keeping the window open.The service at the hotel was friendly, and the staff was courteous and attentive to our needs.	
Dec 29 2004	The Muse....a truly pleasant experience	Stayed at The Muse as a result of a Xmas gift my hubby bought for me. The experience from a travelling point of view was a nightmare however the hotel did everything in their power to make sure we were comfortable from the time we arrived until our bags were returned to us! Basic toiletries were provided and nothing we asked for was questioned. We had read a few bad reviews and were pleasantly surprised to find the information which had been conveyed had been inaccurate! The staff was very very friendly, the room (although small and expected to be such in a large city such as NYC) was a little cool at time however the concierge gladly sent up a space heater which more than did the job. The toiletries and in room ammenities were wonderful and generally, the experience was very much above average! The City was busy as New Year's Eve was around the corner but the hotel was quiet (remember where you are!) and we had a terrifically restful time here. We have stayed in several of NYC's finest spots and we would return here in a heartbeat! Nice job folks!	
Dec 27 2004	eh	The Muse is an okay hotel-definitely not as great as one would think given the wonderful reviews i have read so far. Cons-our toilet was not cleaned when we checked in (and i wont be graphic-but trust me, we noticed the oversight.)Something was wrong with our tv, we couldn't view a number of channels.Also, the room was rather small. I noticed that many people commented on the excellent room size, but I thought that the room could have been larger (the parker meridien definitely has larger rooms and is in the same price range)Pro's-the shampoo and conditioner is great, and the blanket is very comfy. The service is great as well, we had to call for a few items we forgot to bring with us, and they had it up fairly fast.Overall, I would say that the hotel is okay, but not inspiring as it is advertised to be, and not worth the price.	
Dec 23 2004	Impressed again	My third stay at the Muse was in early December, and again a wonderful experience. The room was great, quite and warm, staff helpful and friendly, and once again the location can't be beat. I travel a great deal, and have made The Muse my hotel of choice in NYC.	
Dec 20 2004	Awful Awful Awful!	I think we all agree, there are some basic things you expect out of a night in a hotel. One being a fairly quiet space to rest your head and the second being heat. The Muse lacked both making our stay very uncomfortable. The windows seem to be the problem. They are paper thin and so much cold draft came in that it swayed the curtains back &amp; forth. We had the heat cranked to 80 degrees and were still freezing. Thanks to the paper thin &amp; poorly insulated windows, once 4AM hit it was like sleeping in a UPS loading dock. The sound of the trucks and cars all night long. Apparently there is a loading dock for some truck company across the street. It sounded like they were driving through the hotel room itself. Not to mention that our mini bar was broken, and room service was out of more than one type of wine. How??? I can't fathom. I am a native New Yorker who is used to cold weather and has had a bad experience or two at hotels, but this takes the cake! I caught a cold to boot, thanks Muse. I have to say - I left very uninspired.	
Dec 15 2004	Awesome!!	This was our first visit to New York, and the Muse was absolutely wonderful. Clean, large(in comparison to others in New York) Very helpful, very comfortable bed and awesome location. 1/2 block off Times Square. Will definitly go back.	
Dec 12 2004	Just Perfect	We stayed at The Muse Dec 2 - 6 First time in New York and loved it. Rooms were large, bed was very comfy - every thing was just perfect. Staff were polite, helpfull and effecient and we would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Dec 11 2004	Wonderful hotel... best hotel I've stayed at in NY	I have stayed only at a handful of NY hotels (Millenium Broadway, Omni Berkshire, Parker Meridian) and I have to say that The Muse was the best experience of the bunch. The staff is probably the biggest selling point. From the doorman to the bellman to the concierges to housekeeping and so on, just the nicest and friendliest people. Everyone was eager to help and you didn't get that sense that it was solely to get a bigger tip. The room was a very nice size for NY, had a very very comfortable bed, great toiletries, etc. I'd stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Dec 11 2004	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Muse over Thanksgiving. I do not have a single complaint! The hotel lobby and rooms were beautiful and clean. This was my first time in NYC and found the Muse to be in a great location to all sites. The staff was always available and ready to help. I even called a few weeks after going home to inquire about the wonderful soap they supply and they were happy to give me the info. I wouldn't hesitate to stay again!	
Dec 7 2004	Fantastic	Staff where welcoming morning and nite so where the porters. Room big n had a bed to die 4 :-) . When leaving for airport ask to use there town car rather than a cab a bit dearer but you know wot yr paying (victor the driver was brilliant)! 10 mins from maceys an spack bang in times square, 46th st. Turn left onto times square an look for Cafe Duke, great breakfast, an deli:-) only stayed for a shopping wkend on thanksgiving but well worth it.	
Dec 2 2004	Luv'd It!	Spent a wonderful two nights at the Muse over Thanksgiving weekend and luv'd it. Staff courteous and helpful. Room clean with nice amenities. Great location. Reserve a room on the 19th floor and enjoy the view. Highly recommended.	
Nov 20 2004	Great experience at The Muse	Stayed there 11/12-11/14. Reserved the double room and it was very roomy for a NYC room -- especially considering its proximity to Times Square (1/2 block off on 46th St.). Room was lovely and the staff was attentive. Only issue was catching a cab. Because of it being on a one-way East street, people at Times Square tended to get the taxis before they could get to The Muse. It wasn't even raining - just cold and damp. We ended up walking to 6th Ave and had a little better luck catching a cab there. All in all a good experience though.	
Nov 18 2004	A Thank You would be nice	We stayed here in late October, arriving at 6am on a Sunday morning where we greeted (for want of a better expression) by the rudest, grumpiest receptionist you could wish for. Having said that, she proved to be about par for courteousness in New York, I mean, a 'please' and a 'thank you' every now and again would be nice!Thankfully the rest of our stay was superb. Lovely big room, comfy bed, big TV, broadband internet, beautiful bathroom and a location to die for, just seconds from Times Sq.We'd also certainly recommend The Muse and it's neighbouring restaurants: 'District' and 'Rosie O'Gradys' - just avoid the receptionist from Hell.	
Nov 7 2004	Wonderful in every sense	Stayed at The Muse for one night. Couldn't be more pleased with the hotel. Everyone was very courteous and helpful, the bed was out of this world comfortable, and the room was lovely.	
Oct 8 2004	Our NY Favorite	We have traveled to NY City for years and have spent time in various hotels from convention size to boutique. We had accomodations in The Muse for the last week in September and our experience was delightful. We found everyone extremely friendly beginning with the housekeeping staff, the bell staff and the front desk. The room are roomy by NY standards and the bed are the &quot;most&quot; comfortable. It is nice to have found a hotel that we can use again.I would certainly recommend the Muse as well as District, the restaurant on premises. We have eaten at District multiple times for pre-theater and have found the dining experience superb. The chef is nice to visit with his guests	
Oct 4 2004 	Hated the Muse	I read the great reviews of the Muse and as I am a frequent travelor to New York City and know it well, I thought the location would be great. It is,and the room wasn't bad, but nothing special, and the cost was high. But the worst part was the staff. I asked the concierge help in getting a taxi to the airport, and he quoted me a price which was out of the ballpark. So I looked at the yellow pages and arranged for a taxi service to pick me up at half the price. At the appointed time, I went to the lobby, but there was no sign of a driver. I asked the front desk if anyone was looking for me (it was six in the morning, and the lobby was empty). He said no. But I went outside and there was my cab. The driver said he was about to leave. He'd been to the front desk and asked for me by name and room number and they denied I was there. I guess they wanted me to pay their prices for a cab. I almost missed my flight. It's the last time I would ever stay there.	
Oct 4 2004	Lovely atmosphere great location and very clean	We stayed at the Muse after reading great reviews on this site and we weren't disappointed. We've never stayed in NYC before so can't compare it to anywhere else, but the room was bigger than expected (the bed was huge) and it was lovely and clean. As someone else has mentioned, there was no view to rave over and the windows were small, but we didn't go to NYC to spend all of our time in a hotel! The bathroom was beautiful and generally the room was well decorated and clean. The staff were also really pleasant, but we didn't eat in the restaurant as it looked a bit pricy. And why spend $20 on a breakfast when you're 200 yards from the Europa Cafe!The location was fantastic if you're a tourist (like us) and there were plenty of great restaurants nearby. Overall we wouldn't hestitate to recommend this hotel.	
Oct 1 2004	Very Nice NYC Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Muse recently for three nights. It was my fourth trip to NYC and this hotel was by far the best hotel I've stayed in NYC. It's a bit pricey, but worth it as the location is great and the hotel is new, very clean, great atmosphere and very comfortable. The room itself had a king size bed and was a bit cramped, but down a long hallway within the room was a large, beautifully tiled bathroom. The staff was very helpful and the hotel had many nice ammenities. However, we did experience two small problems. Firstly, one night the bed was made up incorrectly with the top sheet on top of the blanket, instead of under it, so that when you got into bed the blanket was on top of you and the sheet on top of the blanket. Housekeeping mistake, but for the money they charge things like that shouldn't happen! Secondly, they have a small, stocked refrigerator in the room filled with soda, water, liquor, snacks, etc. and if you want something out of it, you remove it and they charge your room. We did not take anything out of it, but rather put two bottles of our own spring water inside to keep it cold. The next day we found our water outside of the fridge and it was locked so that we could not access it. We actually thought it was kind of funny and we did not bother to complain as everything else was fine. The hotel restaurant, The District, seemed nice but always looked empty. We did look at a menu but was way out of line in our opinion. A continental breakfast of juice, coffee, a croissant cost $20! All in all it was a lovely hotel and we enjoyed staying there. Just hope it continues to remain as clean and nicely kept as it is now. I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 30 2004	Enjoyed the Muse!	First time we stayed at the Muse. It is in a very convenient location, was clean, efficient and very quiet.We never saw or heard any of the staff in the halls. The restaurant is quite good. Loved the bed! The staff is very helpful. We thought it was a very good value. Our only suggestion: the staff could be a little more accurate about the subway schedules...	
Sep 22 2004	The Muse is pure perfection...	My husband and I just returned from a four night stay at The Muse. The service we received at the hotel was superb. The staff was courteous and attentive, the hotel is extremely clean, loved the decor, all new interiors, great location, the bed was extraordinarily comfortable and there were so many other special touches that made our stay truly unforgettable. We highly recommend The Muse.	
Aug 30 2004	The lobby was nice and the featherbed was comfy but...	Yes, yes, the lobby was nice and the featherbed was comfy but...The room was very dark. Just two small windows that faced the street. The lighting was horrible and it was just about impossible to put on make-up in that room (I forgot to pack my own little cosmetic mirror).We booked this through a pay before you really know where you are staying internet site and did not realize it was pretty much smack dab in the middle of Times Square. If you like Times Square, then this is the hotel for you. If you don't like crowds of tourists moving at a snail's pace, then you would be best advised to stay elsewhere.My other complaint: the hotel restaurant has nothing but eggs on their breakfast menu. Not good if you are allergic to eggs (like me).Overall, not terrible but I would not stay there again.	
Aug 30 2004	Hoorah for the Muse!	We stayed at the Muse in the month of July 2004. The service was excellent! Everyone was courteous and helpful. The room we stayed in was a Deluxe King, and it was more than adequate for a visiting couple. The bathroom was prestine and the bed was the most comfortable I've slept on in awhile. They even cleaned our room twice a day and the NY Times was at our doorstep every morning. We were quite terrified of New York hotels when we read many of the reviews on TripAdvisor (rats and moldy bathrooms)... but we were so glad to run into The Muse! We highly recommend it!	
Aug 23 2004	Cozy Sexy Spot Right in Times Square	You can stay at the Marriott in Cleveland or Pittsburgh, why not enjoy a uniquely comsopolitan accomodation in New York? The Muse is dark, sumptuous and sophisticated, making you feel like you're in a film. In fact, there was one being shot right outside when we stayed. Special touches include a heavenly featherbed and toiletries you'll find only at the likes of Bloomingdale's and Neiman's. The staff is gracious, stylish and especially kind to repeat guests, so you may want to make this your pied-a-terre in Manhattan	
Aug 21 2004	Way above expectations	We got a room in the Muse from an internet hotel site. We could decide if we should just stay in the Marriott on Times Square, or try our luck with Hotwire. The Muse was beautiful! The room was decorated nicely, and very roomy. Great bathroom, with very nice soaps and shampoos. There were even Q-tips and cotton balls. The bed was the best hotel bed I've ever slept in. Everything was feather - the bed, the duvet, the pillows... unbelievable. And cotton sheets. I usually bring my own sheets to hotels, because I can't stand the polyester norm. The service at the Muse was outstanding. Our bed was turned down when we got back from an evening out. A newspaper was waiting outside the door in the morning. Ice was already waiting in the room when we checked in, and fresh ice was there again when we got home from a night out. I can't say how glad I am that we ended up not going to the Marriott. The Muse comes highly recommended from this satisfied vacationer. It was the little things that make this hotel above and beyond the rest. Lots and lots of little things that add up to a fantastic time in a beautiful hotel.	
Aug 18 2004	Great Location	We just got back from a wonderful 4 day vacation in New York August 11th to 14th. Originally we were planning to stay near Central Park at the Le Parker Meridian but changed our minds and stayed at the Muse. What a great decision the Muse is in a perfect location half a block from the action of Time Square. We went for dinner one evening at a restaurant near Central Park (Tao which I highly recommend) after our meal we walked back to The Muse what a difference the area around Central Park was quite wth very little happening and not a lot of people on the streets. In contrast the area around The Muse was a beehive of activity with hundreds of people in the shops, bars, restaurants and walking up and down the square. We found the service and atmosphere at The Muse to be exceptional and the beds what can I say we looked forward every night to climbing into the superb king size feather bed. We highly recommend The Muse and will stay again next time we visit New York. Regards	
Aug 12 2004	Overall loved the Muse!	The lobby is just beautiful, look up for an incredible mural on the ceiling. I really enjoyed this hotel except for an incident with the male concierge when I checked in. I was in a rush, and running late for a business meeting already, and had not called ahead to let them know I'd be there early... I planned to check in at 2:30, check in time is at 3, so I didn't think it would be at all necessary. (Especially since up until the night before, they were still offering a discounted rate for rooms on their website.) Of course, my room was not ready, and the concierge told me that he'd try his best to hurry it along. I arrived at 2:10 so didn't mind waiting. But I waited, and waited, and waited. Finally at 2:45 I walked back over to the concierge to inquire about my room again. (I was sitting right in front of him in the lobby.) He said it was not ready yet and then, &quot;But let me check.&quot; Then he began searching through his computer files for at least five minutes while I stood there waiting. Finally he said &quot;Oh here is a room!&quot; Wow, what a surprise. (Btw, this was the ONLY bad employee I encountered. Everyone else was stellar. Kind, friendly, and helpful. Except this guy.)So then he said he was having trouble running my credit card, could he see it again? So he ran it again, and then said &quot;I&quot;m sorry ma'am it seems your card is being declined. I'm trying to run it for $1500.&quot; Well whoa buddy. The room, with tax and all, was supposed to run around $820, based on their own hotel websites confirmation which I was holding in my hand. So first, he had the rate incorrect... even though I had booked through their website. But even with an incorrect rate, he was charging a ridiculous amount over what the cost of the room was. He got very snooty here and snobbishly informed me that he was trying to charge me $150 a day in advance for amenities, and that &quot;All the best hotels do so.&quot; Well, first of all, mathematically speaking he was full of... you know. He just made up an utterly random figure... no matter how you cut it, $150 a day for 3 days plus $820 does not equal $1500. Secondly, I've stayed in several NYC 4 star hotels, including the Kitano (lovely) and the Dylan (nice). I've also stayed in 4 star hotels in Boston, Chicago, DC... you name it. I have never had someone try to charge such an exorbitant amount above the cost of the room, in advance, as a &quot;just in case&quot;. The fact is I don't keep a lot of money on my credit cards deliberately, it helps me keep my spending moderate. So this is important for folks like me who don't run around with a credit limit of ten zillion dollars. Anyways Lion (his name) got very snotty with me about this and finally agreed to charge my card only $1000, but said he would have to &quot;turn off&quot; all the amenities in the room, mini bar, internet, etc. At this point I just needed to get in the room, so I said FINE. I told him I'd make a note of the policy of charging so much extra in advance for amenities, so here is my note! Gosh you'd think with such a horrid experience upon checking in, I'd have hated this place, but I loved it. The room was lovely. Small, but all NYC hotel rooms are small. I had a king room and there were about three feet of space on either side of the bed... the room door just barely missed hitting the bed... small! About 4-5 feet at the foot of the bed where the desk and TV console with drawers were. Wonderful bed with fabulous featherbed. TV stand could've been improved by recessing doors in such a small space, but was fine. The bathroom was HUGE. Kind of contemporary casual decor all throughout. BTW, all my amenities worked just fine, so I have no clue what Lion meant when he threatened to turn things off for me. I worried that I'd have to have a battle with them over the Internet but it worked fine... 9.95 a day and unlike some hotels, it actually WORKS. You do hear some road noise if you are facing the street, I was on the 8th floor and still the sounds of the street below were pretty loud... but it doesn't bother me, it's NYC, you have to expect some noise. If you need quiet, ask for a room facing away from the street. In advance, preferably, as it might be difficult when you check in to be picky. My other interactions with hotel staff were wonderful. Really, everyone except my first experience with Lion seemed to go out of their way to be helpful. One very nice touch was that whenever an elevator was not in use, it would be at &quot;rest&quot; with the doors open on the lobby level... very nice to not have to wait for the elevator!BTW I got a ticket for talking on my cell phone while stopped at a traffic light on 42nd... I did not know it was a law in NYC, no speaking on cell phones in the car. So, avoid that if you drive in to the city, don't talk on your cell phone! Overall I loved this hotel. I really enjoy NYC, and I'd stay here again, I'll just try to avoid that one dude. :)	
Aug 3 2004	Great place for a girl's weekend!	We stayed at the Muse for a girl's weekend back in March. It was an excellent choice! The room was huge...plenty of space for 4 girls. The beds were very comfortable and the philosphy products were a nice treat. Good central location right near Times Square...a little difficult to get a cab at times and the area was very crowded with tourists, but we would definitely stay at the Muse again!	
Jul 13 2004	The Muse..nice	Me and my teenage daughter recently spent 4 great days in NY!!!!. After reading numerous reviews we decided to stay at The Muse. The location was great. Easy walk to Broadway plays, Times Square, Rockfeller Center. We were out late many nights and felt comfortable walking back to the hotel. The hotel was attractive, the room and bathroom were spacious and comfortable. The Bellman and housekeeping were very helpful and nice. We ordered room service and the meal was great! The only drawback is the front desk. I would suggest that they be a little more cordial. Other then that we had a nice stay at The Muse.	
Jun 23 2004	Awesome Hotel!	I recently had the opportunity to stay at The Muse in NYC. Great hotel and friendly staff. The hotel is centrally located to Broadway and Times Square. Very nice large room and bathroom for NYC. Beautiful decor and great bed. Would highly recommend this hotel. I would definitely stay at The Muse again! Tip: lower room rate were offered on Hotwire.	
Jun 1 2004	NYC-The Muse was great!!	What a great city!! My wife and I were first time visitors and a little apprehensive. We stayed 3 nights and 4 days at the Muse Hotel on W 46th. I had seen reviews here that sometimes the staff seemed a little standoffish, but we found just the opposite to be true. It took us no longer than 3 minutes to check in, and it was done in the most polite and courteous manner. Whenever we left the hotel, the desk crew, manager and bellman wished us a pleasant day, evening, etc. They also greeted us when we returned. Anything we needed (directions, help with the in room safe, more towels, etc.) were provided so quickly, I thought we were the only guests there. This hotel was definitely worth every penny. Not to mention that it was close to everything (Times Square, Broadway, etc). NYC was also very friendly. The 2 times we had rude experiences came from fellow tourists! We will be back soon!	
May 19 2004	Excellent	A great fine after finding out that even though I have stayed over 50 times, with Omni, I apparently did not rate consideration, when my room type was sold out. Not all rooms mine you, just my room type, a single king room. No offer to upgrade or even a preferred rate or other hotel in the area just a &quot;so sorry.&quot;I'm not sorry at all. This is my new NYC location.	
May 19 2004	Exceeded my greatest expectations!	My mother and I recently took a &quot;girls trip&quot; to the city and stayed at The Muse. Like a similar review I read before traveling, I almost hate to tell you my true feelings about The Muse in fear that there will be a mad rush to stay there, booking up the hotel and driving up the prices. This hotel not only met, but exceeded my expectations. I was a bit weary after reading some of the reviews about the rude staff and inadequate facilities….but obviously, these folks must be confusing The Muse with another establishment. The staff was courteous and helpful, going out of their way to help us. We arrived around 11:00 a.m., 4 hours before the stated check-in time and were showed to our room in less than 30 minutes. The housekeeping staff came to our room twice a day, once to make up the beds and another to turn them down, even leaving a treat on our pillows. And the bed itself is reason to stay here. Feather bed and feather duvet. If I didn't want to do so much sightseeing, I could have stayed in bed all day. The room was super clean and the bathroom was luxurious and spacious. From the beautiful fixtures to the soft robe to the wonderful Modern Organic Shower Products, we were in heaven. The area of the Theater District around the hotel was nice. Even two Southern women alone in the city felt completely safe. And there is a BEAUTIFUL church right across the street adding to the view. A minute walk to Times Square puts you right in the middle of all the action, but the hotel’s location is situated just far enough away that you leave all that noise behind when returning to the hotel.I have been to New York City numerous times, even living there for several summers as a child, and The Muse is by far the best place I've ever stayed. It goes above and beyond the other similarly priced hotels where I have stayed. What you get for your money at this hotel makes me think that this trip was a steal. I will be returning to New York and I WILL be staying at The Muse. I've already recommended it to others and can't thank the staff enough for a fabulous trip to the city. Be assured that if you choose this hotel, you will be delighted.	
May 8 2004	Outstanding Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in August 2003. I loved it. I had to post a review because I saw someone else's post that called the front desk staff arrogant. I thought the staff was fabulous. Everytime we went out they asked us if we needed help with transportation. When we came in at night they asked how our evening was and if we needed a wakeup call. I felt like I didn't have to stand in line to wait for help - they just automatically offered it. The front desk staff remembered that we were celebrating my daugher's birthday, so when they saw us come down for breakfast the last morning of our stay, they comp'd our breakfast and wrote &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; on my daughter's plate. Outstanding hotel!	
Apr 27 2004	Wonderful hotel!	The Muse was the perfect choice for our girls' weekend in NYC -- great location, friendly staff, very comfortable and LARGE rooms. The beds are the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever experienced, perhaps even better than the Westin's &quot;Heavenly Beds.&quot; The bathrooms were very spacious and stocked with fluffy towels, nice robes, and great bath products.	
Apr 26 2004	Our little haven in the Big Apple!!	What a perfect spot...for a whirlwind trip to NYC over the Easter holiday!! A &quot;girl's only&quot; trip-a great hotel for us!! I have to admit, at first, the reception area is a little intimidating-but very professional and courtesy (and over time...very friendly!) The&quot;bell&quot; staff was great-very helpful with directions. One of the waitstaff in &quot;The District&quot; restaurant (John) checked with us every morning to see what we were going to do and if we needed any suggestions or guidance...everyone &quot;looked&quot; out for us-since we were traveling without our husbands! The room was very comfortable-the beds are wonderful &quot;nests&quot;-even with the noise outside-you sleep like a baby! Great location-far enough &quot;off&quot; Times Square (1/2 block) to be a little quieter-but, you could be right in the action in just a few minutes-and you can walk everywhere from the hotel-perfect! We plan on making this an annual trip-and making &quot;The Muse&quot; our home away from home!!!	
Apr 23 2004	Bloomin' Marvellous - a real gem in the heart of NYC	What can I say?? From the moment we arrived at the hotel over the Easter Bank Holiday, I knew that this trip was going to be a good one. The reception staff and porters were exceedingly friendly and efficient. The room was just massive by NYC standards. Great facilities in the room, huge television, great bathroom and products (so good I carried them all the way back across the Atlantic). The bed was to die for. In a city where there is so much to see and do it was a real effort to drag ourselves out of the room. Enjoyed our stay so much that we went back the very next weekend!! One word of advice it's on Times Square so will be noisy, so if you are worried about being kept awake ask for a room on the upper floors.	
Apr 4 2004	Muse Hotel Outstanding	Great hotel. Have stayed in many four star or better NYC hotels and would rank this one in top five. Only criticism, noise in hallway carries into room. Pluses are wonderful bed and best hotel pillows ever, first class bathroom with great amenities, friendly, courteous staff (despite other reviews to the contrary). Watch rates carefully. We found online rates from $230 to $409 for late March 2004. Best rates directly through hotel web site. Forget on site restaurant; high prices, okay food, slow service, noisy.	
Mar 15 2004	Awesome hotel!!!	I loved this hotel! It's location to Times Square was awesome! The hotel is modern and trendy. The staff was friendly and informative. This hotel has the best bed I've ever slept in. I'm looking forward to going back and staying here again. I would recommend this hotel to anyone I know going to New York.	
Mar 8 2004	It was decent for business but probably wouldn't stay there if I was on vacation.	I stayed here for business and probably wouldn't pay the $200+/night rate if I had to foot the bill. There are a lot more nicer hotels in the area for about the same amount. The check in was a little intimidating as the staff wasn't very outgoing, however they were very professional and polite. The size of the room was decent and the bathroom was stocked with Philosophy products, which is a definite bonus. Room service from their restaurant downstairs was mediocre bordering on bland. The only truly bad experience I had while staying at the hotel was when I reached up to grab the ice bucket from the ledge in the room and a buckful of WATER splashed all over me. Apparently house cleaning didn't bother to empty it out after the last guest.	
Feb 24 2004	DIVINE	I am reluctant to tell you about this divine secret...I don't want it to book up or raise room rates. The staff was wonderful - they even made hot chocolate for us on a cold winter night - no charge. The location could not be better.... just far enough from Times Square but close enough to all tourist attractions, shopping, restaurants, and theatres. BUT the true find was the HUGE LUXURIOUS room - complete with feather beds, a marble bathroom, pool-sized bathtub, &amp; flannel robes. Plus... the Cafe Olympus 30 seconds down the block serves the BEST (yet inexpensive) breakfast.A HIT!!!!!!	
Feb 23 2004	Highly Recommended	I have lived and worked in NYC my entire life, but have recently moved to upstate NY which is approximately 70 miles away. Since I was planning a &quot;day in the city&quot; for my wife's birthday, I had plenty of time to check out the best place to stay for an overnight in Manhattan. I selected The Muse based on most of the good reviews and the fact that I was able to quicky have a look at the establishment before actually booking. Some of the negative reviews had me slightly concerned, but I felt that the positive reviews certainly outweighted the bad ones.The booking was done via the Hotel's Web Site, which actually was the lowest price available($199 for a double room with king size bed). The travel sites varied, but none had a lower price than what I paid directly using the hotel. On the Saturday we arrived, our show tickets were for a 2pm matinee, so I decided to go to the Muse first to see if we could check in early. (almost 3 hours before the stated check-in). Much to my surprise, we were allowed the early check-in, and the whole process took 30 seconds. The room was perfectly sized for two people, and we were so entralled with the king size bed, that we are now thinking about purchasing the same model (best bed I have ever slept on). The large TV is situated directly in front of the bed, and can be easily manevered to face other parts of the room via a slide out tray underneath (for some reason, other reviews said the TV was not movable - probably by someone too lazy to try). The bathroom was far removed from the rest of the room (almost a hallway's length away), which gave the feeling that you were in an apartment rather that a hotel room. The bathroom itself was tiled in a beautiful black marble and contained a number of expensive amenities such as Philosophy Shampoo and Conditioner. I never made use of the Room Service, but when I attempted to access an ice machine which was not making ice fast enough, one of the cleaning staff literally ran down to the next floor to retrieve the ice for me. My room was located on the fifth floor and had no problems with street noise. The room itself was extreamly well decorated, and combined a number of soft tones as well as artwork throughout. Checkout was easily done via the room TV, and also took less than 30 seconds to complete. Overall, I was highly impressed with The Muse and would certainly stay there again. The treatment is more personable compared to some of the larger establishments costing more than double.	
Feb 19 2004	Awesome	We stayed at The Muse just one night November 30, 2003. Having been into the city just a few weeks before and had a very bad experience at another hotel I was alittle hesitant to even stay over (we are only 1 hour 15 minutes from the city). Our experience from beginning to end was excellent. We found the hotel to be clean, decorated beautifully and very quiet. Traveling with 2 small children can sometimes be a chore. The hotel was centrally located (we were seeing the Christmas Show), we must have stopped off 2 or 3 times that day to rest tired feet and drop off packages. I found this hotel just by accident and I'm glad I did. We were so close to Times Square but never heard a thing. The other hotel we stayed at a few weeks before was HOT, loud and all we heard all night (having the window open because it was 90 degrees in the room) was sirens and car horns. This hotel was a pleasure and I will stay again next year!!!	
Feb 18 2004	Weekend at the Muse	The Hotel was adequate, but as many people have said, the front desk staff is arrogant. If you want to stay at the hotel, and the location is excellent, do not make your reservations through Orbitz. They overcharge, and the room prices are less expensive on the hotel's own website.Additionally the hotel gives its worst rooms to the on-line sites so it is to your advantage to book directly with them.	
Feb 10 2004	Adequate just adequate	 Certainly does not have the WOW factor which it affords itself in it's own descriptions. I was completely underwhelmed. 	
Jan 22 2004	A Jewel	Wonderful hotel, great rooms, excellent restraunt (but a bit too slick) great staff that were very helpful. The perfect location to be near the Broadway theatres and restraunts, but yet far enough away to be quite. Will stay here next time in NY.	
Jan 21 2004	Great place/location	 Was just there (weekend of Jan. 17-19, 2004) and found it met all our needs. Staff was helpful and friendly. Check-in and out was very smooth. Housekeeping was very prompt. Pillows were unusually comfortable. We were on the 14th floor and it was very quiet. Only (slight) problem was the room was a little warm, even with the heat turned off. The restaurant was excellent, if a little pricy, although for New York I was suppose the prices were okay. There were several alternative places to eat on the same block as the hotel, including everything from a steak/seafood restaurant to McDonalds. The location was great for theatre going and the 1/2 price tkts booth was just 1/2 block away. If I could get the same room rate, would gladly stay again. 	
Jan 17 2004	Great Place to Stay (with or without kids)	Clean, Modern, Spacious for NYC. Best Location! My wife and two daughters (11 &amp; 6) stayed 3 nights. Found personnel to be helpful, concierge desk arranged best tickets possible for Beauty and the Beast... 1 block away. Time square is 1/2 block away, hotel tucked perfectly out of direct hustle, bustle of Time Square, but still right there. My wife walked with the kids home from the show at 11:00 pm at night... location great. We have stayed at many NYC hotels with either old fixtures (tubs, toilets) or small square rooms. Our room was both modern, clean and spacious. Also, easy walk to Rockafeller Center, American Doll Store (wife &amp; kids), Today Show-- also check out Fox News on Sunday morning on Avenue of Americas (around the block). Kids just loved walking around Time Square counting limousines, taxis, sirens, all the lights, Hershey Candy Store, Toys R Us, etc.	
Jan 7 2004	Great Hotel/Staff is questionable	Location, location, location! If you are in NYC to see the sights and don't mind the crowds of Time Square, this is a great place to spend your time. Affordable rates are avialable via their website and the rooms are very roomy and comfortable for the value. The beds &amp; bath products themselves are reason to stay but be sure to set the alarm or you may sleep your day away. Views are minimal so the extra $$ for a balcony is liklely not worth it. I was surpised to see so many others rave about the service at this hotel. From the concierge to housekeeping, I felt that they were pretentious, uniformative and not very helpful. (yes - we tipped everyone from the moment we arrived and it didn't help) Our maid misplaced personal items in our room and denied touching them, the concierge told us to &quot;walk around&quot; when I asked about someplace with a good wine list, the front desk asked me to bring proof downstairs about our being charged a rate $60 higher than my e-mail confirmation and it took us 3 days and 4 phone calls to recieve the tickets arranged for us by the hotel for a broadway show. (they finally arrived 3.5 hours before curtain but were paid for in full over a week before we arrived) The rooms are a great find but don't expect much from the staff.	
Jan 6 2004	Autumn in New York	Immaculate!!! My Time At The Muse Was Divine. I Didnt Feel Like Leaving The Hotel For A Second. The Beds Are To Die For... So Comfortable Its Unbelievable. Wish I Can Take One Home.Upon Check In The Front Desk Was Very Helpful. Dressed In Black They Were Very &quot;New Yorkish&quot; The Restuarant Has Incredible Food. But Back To The Room... Very Comfortable. Feels As If You Are In A Spa. Great Amenities. In Regards To That Person That Just Thought The Housekeeping Staff Was Great...Probably Just Cranky Tourist Who Dont Know What An Excellent Hotel Would Be..... And That Is The Muse!!!	
Jan 2 2004	Good Sized Rooms	Only our second time in NY hotels, we stayed at the trendy Hudson Hotel previously and were shocked by the size of the rooms. Couldn't swing a kitten let alone a cat! The Muse though was more to our liking - decent sized rooms, nice tolietries and a very comfortable bed. Will return as location (between 6th and 7th on 46th), rooms size and comfort, as well as value are hard to beat.	
Dec 25 2003	Good Hotel Great Location and better yet...great price.	The muse was a nice and comfortable place to stay. The rooms were nice and relaxing which is great for a frequent traveler who is looking for something different. The rooms had more of a home atmosphere. You can't beat the location and we got a good price. The staff was very helpfull and catered to our needs with no problems.	
Dec 22 2003	wonderful hotel	Stayed at The Muse in June, 2003 for our 5 year anniversary. From entering the hotel to our depature, it was a wonderful experience. The room was clean and comfortable. The bed was outstanding and the staff very friendly and attentive. Location excellent. This will be our New York hotel from now on.	
Dec 15 2003	completely overrated...	The staff - from the manager on down - is pompous, condescending, and utterly pretentious. (Except the housecleaning staff who were wonderful.)We've stayed at some of the nicest hotels in the world, and the members of this staff are shameful in comparison. And the rooms are utterly average.It took us 25 minutes to check-in. Paranthetically, the check-in area has the feel of a gaming pit in Vegas. Some guy sitting at a desk checks us in - another guy at another desk checking someone else in to his left. And perched middle, back, and above is some woman doing nothing... Ostensibly the &quot;pit boss.&quot; Very weird. Everyone dressed in de riguer black.We went to our rooms only to see they were the wrong wrong type, so add another 20 minutes to get new rooms. The bellmen were slick. Too slick. Like Ben Affleck wanna-be. And not helpful at all.We kept our bags at the bell desk on our final day, and when we went to get them, the bellman told us that he could only retreive them if we would go out and hail a cab for another waiting guest. Outrageous! And true.The beds are quite comfy, with wonderful sheets. The rooms are small, but clean and well laid-out, and the design is &quot;hippish.&quot; Kudos to housecleaning staff.Still, the rooms are nothing to rave about. 2 1/2 stars, at best. And the staff is so unappealing, so snarky, so surly that I would never stay here again. Never.	
Nov 26 2003	A Special Place	Where else can you have breakfast served on your own balcony as the sun comes up overlooking Times Square? The hotel's &quot;District&quot; restaurant is noted for its awesome breakfast and the room service staff set up a fabulous spread on the spacious balcony tables and chaises. The beds are fluffy and the bath amenities are from Philosophy. Top that off with a great massage from a Russian husband and wife team (Thanks, Gregory!) and you can't be more relaxed in Times Square.	
Nov 5 2003	Mixed review	My mother, sister and I stayed at the Muse for 3 nights in mid October. The doormen and bellhops were very accomodating and nice. The front desk staff were cooly aloof, but did help. We were escorted to our room and when the door was opened I immediately knew it was wrong. I had reserved the &quot;Executive double double&quot; so we would have a pull out sofa bed, and 2 double beds for the 3 of us. We got a King size bed and a sofa. The bellhop called the front desk and I did get attitude from the woman, but when I offered to show her the website confirmation print out, she quickly told me she would send someone up to show us to another room. The second room was very spacious, very clean and the bathroom was terrific for 3 women to share! The feather beds are great and the location can't be beat. I guess you have to remember that you are in cynical, slick Manhattan and you have to stand your ground and insist on service. The price of the room is probably too high, but the convenience of Mid town is worth the price. I thought the rooms were very quiet and the workout room is well equipped. I hope this helps others make up their mind. I do think I would stay at the Muse again, but make sure to have documentation of my reservation!	
Oct 21 2003	Time Square Treat	Just back from a 6 night stay at The Muse. Great location, fabulous restaurant and bar, clean comfy fully-equipped room, what more can you ask for! Staff were very friendly, allowing us an early check-in and offering some tips on theatre tickets etc. Only slight problem - our room was on the 7th floor facing the street - little bit noisy, but hey its NYC. Our superior room had a huge king size bed, great mini-bar, huge bathroom with tub and shower and all the little extras you expect - steam iron, hairdryer, lots of towels etc. Can't recommend the hotel enough.	
Oct 20 2003	Great 1st experience in NY	Stayed at The Muse for just one night (after seeing a show), and it was so much more than I was expecting. The door staff were SUPER helpful (Dave and the other guy) with not only our bags, but tips on getting around, great directions, etc. Our standard room was automatically upgraded to a Suite, which was much more roomy than I expected in NY City. The bathroom was huge, and VERY CLEAN (The first thing I check in every hotel room). The furnishings in the room looked brand new. The District restaurant (attached to the hotel) is a very highly-rated place, and does the room service also. Because the room-service breakfast we ordered was 15 mins late, it was free-of-charge. Would definitely stay at The Muse every time!!!	
Oct 19 2003	Almost perfect	We stayed at the Muse from Oct 11th till the 18th. The hotel is almost perfect. The rooms are very clean. The decor is very nice. The staff were very helpful. we had some small problems that were handled right a way. The rooms manager was not as helpful as the staff. The beds are wonderfull. On a 1-10 I give it a 9.5. Only problem is thay promissed a high floor room and gave me a room on the floor six. They said they were full and had no choice. The higher the quieter, trust me or the rear. We go to NY at least once a year and this is the place to stay. They should either have a better rate for the week or replace everything in the room everyday since you are paying the full daily rate. Bathrobe, soaps, shampoo, bathroom mat only replaced if I asked daily. Same rate if I checked out and in daily, so all items should be replaced. Will stay again, but will get a high room if I can.	
Oct 1 2003	Nice Quiet well kept secret!	I have stayed at The Muse twice now and really enjoy it. The location near Times Square is very convenient. The staff is very nice and accomodating and I always seem to see someone famous there. I have heard the restaurant, The District, is great but have not had a chance to try it. The feather beds are the best part!	
Sep 14 2003	First Visit - Friendly Clean and Excellent Location	Visited The Muse on Memorial Day weekend. The staff was very pleasant &amp; helpful. The hotel was clean, very modern, quiet, and well located to Broadway, restaurants etc... Nice room (new) with good size modern bathroom, bed was very comfy. I plan on staying there again &amp; recommend it.	
Sep 8 2003	Hated the Muse	The Muse is a beautiful hotel, but the customer service absolutely SUCKS. I will never stay here again. The concierge and front desk folks are jerks, and the only wonderful person on staff was Cliff who was very accomadating, courteous and respectful. The rest of them have NO idea what it means to be customer-service oriented...they have no manners, class or respect for their guests. I was shocked to be treated the way I was at this hotel. The Marriott is a MUCH better choice.	
Aug 23 2003	watch out for ny scams	watch out for ny scams even at the muse -- &quot;since this is you first visit, the assistant will take you up to your room&quot;. the assistant then pointed out the clock and the telephone in the room and we were stuck paying him a tip even though we didn't have many bags to take up. just say &quot;no thanks&quot; if they offer this help.	
Aug 19 2003	five star for the price of two	Terrific hotel. Stayed 3 nights in July and enjoyed every minute there. Terrific location also. Booked reservations online for a very low price. Truly a five star hotel for a two star price!	
Jul 29 2003	Best of the Best	The MUSE hotel is one of the best kept secrets in NYC, I could not find one fault, and I am a very particular person. I hope that the MUSE will be able to accommodate me in the future. The staff should be highly commended.	
Jul 10 2003	I Love this place	I love this place. Ive stayed here a bunch of times, in smaller rooms a couple times, and 2 times in the suites. They both are great. For a new york hotel, you aren't going to get much bigger rooms, and the little things like nice bathrobes, biscotti on the pillow, coffee, and super nice soaps/shampoos this hotel is a greal place to stay! Sure sometimes it can be noisy, but um, its TIMES SQUARE! haha. Also the door people are so sweet, and will help you out with anything you need.	
Jul 2 2003	Pleasant Surprise	Being it our first visit to NYC, staying at the Muse sets a high benchmark for subsequent visits. However, we will definitely return to the Muse based on our first visit. The location was just a 1/2 block from Times Square and we hardly heard the noise....just the occasional sirens. The Broadway shows, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, 5th Avenue, Empire St. were either short walks or healthy walks....good enough to save money on taxis. The staff (especially the concierge, the doormen and bartender) were extremely pleasant and very helpful. The rooms were relatively affordable at the time ($159-$179 per night). Very clean and modern/eclectic decor. Comfy king-size bed, spacious bathroom and affordable mini-bar was just a couple of positives of the room. Internet broadband hook-up, two phones (one being a cordless) and plenty of closet/dresser space round out more positives for the room.Only negatives: do not order room service! Over-priced and arrived late and soggy. Better off walking to some of the nearby and cheap and very good diners around for breakfast. Had trouble with the on-screen interactive billing service and pay-per-view on the TV. Maintenance personnel was very rude and unhelpful.But all in all, our stay at the Muse was one of the highlights of our vacation. Helpful, courteous staff plus a clean, modern, spacious room equals a wonderful experience at the Muse.We would definitely recommend it.	
Jul 2 2003	Great hotel for theater goers	For non-stop theater goers, the Muse Hotel is great. Not only was the location ideal, but the service and accomodations were better than at other hotels where we have stayed in the Theatre District. Our room was quiet, clean, and tastefully decorated.They also found us tickets to sold-out shows. In addition, the restaurant is very good.For people who like small hotels, the Muse is ideal.	
Jun 14 2003	Great hotel	Stayed at the Muse while we were in town to see a show. (The location is perfect for the theatres!) We really enjoyed our stay.It's pricier than where we usually stay but since it was only for one night we didn't mind. It really depends on what you are looking for. If you're looking for a basic no-frills room you can obviously find something that is cheaper than the Muse. Likewise, if you're looking to splurge there are plentier of hotels that are fancier and more expensive. But the Muse offers a level of comfort that you can't get at the cheaper hotels, without the stuffy air of your typical pricey suite hotel.Here is what we found. We booked online (thru the Muse's own website- they guarantee to offer the lowest rate so don't waste time going through a middleman site!). I requested a balcony room for an additional fee. I called the day before to confirm our room, and was treated very pleasantly over the phone.When we arrived at the hotel we had to track down the valet, which took a few minutes, but we weren't in any hurry. The foyer is small but comfortable (much more comfortable than most hotels super-sized lobbies). The hotel's restaurant is just off the main entrance, and though we didn't dine there it looked quite nice. We really enjoyed the atmosphere of the hotel. It's got a sort of casual elegance, so whether you are dressed for a show, or in tees and sneakers for siteseeing, you'll feel very much at home here.The front desk was pleasant and helpful, though they were busy on their computers and phones most of the time, so like the valet it was decent service but I wouldn't call it exceptional. (note- they were primarily busy doubling as concierges... if you need them to get show tickets, limo, dinner reservations, etc just ask, they'll get it!) We were early, so the bellhop checked our bags so we could go have lunch awhile.Checking in was a breeze, and when we got to our room it was clean and comfortable. There was fresh ice in our ice bucket when we arrived. Mini bar available (for your ew from our balcony, but the balcony is HUGE with comfortable furniture. The room and bathroom were a decent size for NYC. Comfortable bed, comfortable furniture, hair drier, clothes iron, modem jack, large tv, desk, coffee maker, toiletries, bath robe, even cotton balls and swabs are provided. Good water pressure in the shower.We came back to our room to grab an umbrella after our show- a rainstorm had hit and we were headed out for a late dinner. The bellhop didn't like our single, tiny travel umbrella and insisted that we take two full size hotel umbrellas with us. Boy did they come in handy!We slept quite well - yes, there are some street noises and also some typical hotel sounds- but nothing unusual for NYC! We enjoyed the late checkout (noon....many hotels boot you out at 11am), bellhop stored our bags again while we grabbed some lunch. Valet had our car out front in about 10 minutes.We look forward to going back soon!	
Apr 19 2003	LOVED The Muse in NYC!		
Mar 27 2003	Comfy but .....		
Mar 17 2003	midtown chic		
Dec 29 2002	Great place to stay!!!		
Dec 2 2002	Wonderful Hotel		
Nov 2 2002	Outstanding		
Oct 6 2002	Not A-"Mus(e)"-ing		
Aug 27 2002	over rated		
Aug 20 2002	A Gem		
May 10 2002	Great Place		
Nov 24 2009 	Attenti alla caparra		
Oct 21 2009 	Perfecto		
Jul 22 2009 	so cool		
Jul 16 2009 	Un hotel ou vos nuits sont blanches		
Jul 10 2009 	Ci tornerei!		
Jun 26 2009	Buen hotel limpio y bien situado		
Jun 5 2009 	Perfetto!		
May 17 2009	Immer wieder!		
May 13 2009 	Schickes hotel nur 5 Minuten vom Times Square		
Mar 27 2009 	Magique		
Feb 4 2009 	Trato pesimo de la recepcion		
Nov 30 2008 	das hotel muse war genial!!!		
Nov 29 2008 	Fantástico repito seguro		
Nov 17 2008 	Perfetto per un viaggio di affari		
Oct 1 2008 	idéal pour un court séjour à NY		
Aug 26 2008 	Altamente recomendable		
Nov 6 2007 	Buena situacion pero algo elevado de precio		
